
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework.


You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, One of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Lowe's knows that free is just better. That's why Mil Lowe's Rewards is free. To join. As a member, you earn points towards Mil Lowe's money on eligible purchases. Get exclusive free gifts and earn free shipping at Silver Key Status. All on top of weekly member only deals. Don't wait. Join my Lowe's rewards for free today and start saving more Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and one hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's El Lisa, just for you


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host, my name is dj. Will joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Hedrick. To my right, my brother Teague Fellas, good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening Bro? Crazy. Rough morning man. Niggas Fuck my morning though. I ain't even go sleep. Prayers up for Coach T man going through It right now so it comes to my niggas winning the game and they lost You thought it was Tel Report. Oh the real sintel clearly. Yeah. I can't believe that but oh man. Get Wilson to Red Devil man. Get well sets prayers up for Coach T Man. Going through it right now this morning man.


I ain't go sleep. I wanna ask you this before we get to the show. What's more nerve wracking coaching in like high pressure situations or playing in high pressure situations? Coaching. 'cause I know what I can do. Mm. I know what I can do as a player. Yeah. Yeah. I trust myself And then when you coach you have, you really have no control of the game. If you true like you can map up plays, you can do everything you want but you, it is the player, it is a player's game. You play the game like I can get out there and draw up the best play ever. Somebody do it wrong or somebody decides to go wrong and do whatever they wanna do. You have no control. You have no control. So I shout out to all the coaches that I drove crazy.


Shout out to coach got, I don't even like him but I know I drove him crazy. Yeah. Karma motherfucker. Yeah. Oh girl. So now you, it's funny now you revisit all those coaches situations different now being the coach. Yeah, I mean it is fun. It's like you know, you seeing somebody grow as a player and stuff like that but I know I said I know I did a lot of bonehead stuff and like asshole shit when I was in college. So I know he probably like Yeah, yeah, yeah. I hate to get that motherfucker too. Yeah, That's how he said. Yeah. Yeah. Well if he's watching this man, come on the show coach. We would love to have you on the show. We Need the whole weight team. He'd be so mad because I'll tell I'm grown now.


I tell everything I would like about you. That's crazy. I told everything I don't got nothing to hold back and just quickly that episode just went away. Yeah. I told everything. Oh no we need that episode for sure man. Let's get straight to it man. Shout out to KD man. 30 K points man. Unfortunately they took the LSA to the IES one 19 to one 12 but he got 30 KA player at all time man. Kd we need to talk about him on this all time list man. Nah be A No, I'm just kidding. Nah, 30 KI can't imagine like it's a Lot of points bro. I can't imagine where he'd be if he didn't have that Achilles injury. Valid point.


You know what I mean? Like KD is probably on the way of being second or third all time in scoring. I mean he still can get up there on that list but I think that Achilles injury played a part of him not being top three all time scoring. If we could Mike, could we see the all time scoring list in NBA police? That's crazy. 30 K is a lot of bucket. Like you said the injury probably cost him what? Another 10. Damn 10. He was out a year. Year some change if I'm correct. Y'all Hype. Huh? Nigga scored 10 K in one year. Boy he was a playing NB. He the he Best player Nigga. Best score to ever Grace.


He used to automatic hall of famer Would. So he probably catch, he probably gonna catch dirt. Mm. He probably catch MJ too. He can get 2K. Yeah He probably gonna catch m. I think KD K probably can go to he 40. Yeah he probably gonna catch so he can, he probably gonna catch mj. He'll definitely be top five injury free. Yeah he gonna be top five. That's crazy. I don't Y'all think he catch Kobe? I don't know. Yeah, I didn't know Carmelo was 12. God damn. That's another person who lost two years of basketball. They probably would've definitely looked him up. Lost what? Out to most Malone. Who the Fuck is Dan Issu shout out to you and your family? Yeah what the, you ain't spoke on enough Big damn was going crazy Damn big Dan.


Yeah, I'm out of pocket for not knowing who you are. You a legend On God. Who else on that list? That seven time Allstar. I don't speak on you at all A BA shit but shit he got a lot of buckets. They don't even talk about how many points Julius Irving got though? He 30. I'm gonna say yeah Julius Irving got a lot of buckets. Yeah. People don't even realize he got 30 k. Damn. I know I'm familiar with the rest of them names. I never heard of that damn isle. Elvin Hayes was hooping but I for real though. Julius Irving kind of surprised me. I ain't gonna hold you. I know he had 30 K. 30 k all with the right too. Yeah. I ain't know that My fault Julius. We put some respect on your name brother. Yeah that's different bro. Yeah the OGs they don't play about about Julius bro. That's they Jordan.


They don't play about Julius bro. He better get past tomorrow. They gonna be nine. You Gonna pass him tomorrow nigga fuck Up the dream. That fact. Hey can we scroll down this a little bit? We'll see any other current plays his call. Okay. James White right there. 26 Wilkins boy. Shout out to Russell. Damn Russell Westbrook putting them bitches up. Paul Pierce 21 did not know that respect Reg Reggie bro. People don't know Reggie got 20 5K. Damn he stopped. He tied with Rick Berry. He could have Man I've played another game. Yeah that's crazy. I I'd have played another game bro. The Marty Rosen right there at 20 4K. Damn I ain't get enough love. Steph would be high on that list if he ain't had all them injuries too.


Definitely them ankle surgeries and stuff. And that one year he said that he had a hand. Can you scroll up a little bit please? I'm right. Inside's crazy. Chris Paul for 20 2K. Damn Dam Ard already on his ass. Yeah gonna say yeah 37 Iverson 30. That must be something else in another saw then but it was 35 on that one but that's crazy. Yeah shout out to them man. Shout to Katie man. For sure Still took the L yesterday to the Grizzlies man. Ja had 26 and seven. Desmond Bain had 20 and eight man sons one game down. You think they can make a make a move to the playoffs? That man scored 20 k more points than No, that is a lot of points.


I remember. Yeah I remember when like when I was young. I'm just taking over the show. Fuck it. When I was young, when I first got in the league, we had like practice and Mike Wilson scored 10 K points. Right. And he used to be like, if you ain't got 10 K, you got practice today. The rest of us with 10 k we out. They would come and we had practice at 10 nigga they would walk out at 10 0 5. Everybody be leaving the gym. It'd just be me like Mario West like oh Marvin, Marvin and Al Horford. We'd just be sitting there like he'll walk out like yeah I got 10 k motherfucker when you get there talk to me Mike Woods.


Yeah he is like talk to me when you get 10 K points. That's when you did something in the league. He scored 10 K, you did something. I'd be like damn. I used think 10 K was just like the ultimate, like if the 10 K you crazy. Ooh 10 K shit. Like That's 61 came in Milwaukee for sure. Yeah I, I walked into, I walked into 10 K. They aint tell me like you got 10 K poor like damn I did. Damn. I he try that 61 might have came that a Atlanta series on the low. Yeah I might have all 61. You crazy Six. Damn the half 10 is crazy though Bro.


Nah, 10 K's an accomplishment bro. Yeah, I I I thought that was a thing until you see Katie 30 k. Yeah well you was the same player as Michael Wilson. Please don't turn it to the coach. Mike Wilson up there going through. I've already you already path. We the same path. 20 we on Path. How many had 11? Mike used to who? He was straight. It was cold, it Was straight. That's crazy. Out to Woody man. Shout out to Woody man. I like Woody man. He just didn't play me. It was soon to the, so that don't count because I missed two years and I play, I would've had more.


Oh for sure. So you really got 11 for sure. I would've had 12. Okay. So if I didn't get, I got hurt in Minnesota then I didn't play my first year. For sure. Man, show some respect man. Grizzly's 36 or 17 be here. Feel like they do something in the west during Jackson Jr. But no, we criticize him early on but he been balling this year. I, I still, I always been supportive of Jerry Jackson. I just don't like that he don't rebound at a high level. But shit, they nice bro. I love the Wizard. I mean not the Wizards, the the Grizzlies. Yeah. I fuck with 'em. Don't ever disrespect them. Nah, they, I ain't even got nothing to say back bro. Say That's my bad Grizzlies. Oh Harley, I am sorry. I like the Grizzlies man at the Ja effect.


We talked about it. We know it's a real thing and they play better when Ja just around. He's, and he has a chance to play. It is like their energy of their team pick up and I think they actually can be a real contender in the, in the west. Like, I don't know. I obviously, I don't think they could beat the Thunder in a series but I think they'd give the nuggets a real run for their money. Mm. Like I think it'd be a really, really good series. I know Yoki can dominate but I think it'd be a good series. I don't see why they couldn't beat 'em. I mean Ja special. Ja Triple J is special But yeah, Aaron Gordon, Mike Porter, Jamal Murray.


I gonna see that match up. Ah. I think it's gonna be the home court advantage is what's up. I Love bang though. I agree. Them playing in Memphis is a different game line for sure. Yeah they got the, they got home court. I think Memphis could beat them but if they let Denver sneak into that two spot. Yeah I'm not And they gotta go play in Denver. They might get spooked. Yeah you look at that squad bro. Everybody gets playing time and everybody contributes on the team. You go all the way out. Even like Scotty Pi Jr. Like everybody on the team is contributing and Ken Spencer getting minutes. Jalen Wells rookie for the hooping. They got a squad G Jackson coming back. I remember Marvin Baglow was supposed to be him. Yeah The Kings took him over.


Some people that, you know, they wish they didn't. I just don't think I, I know Kings. Kings just fucked up. It's crazy bro. I think you get what you get. I don't know if they got a bonafide score though. That's what like you got a bonafide score in Yoic. You know Yoic is gonna get 30 if he want to. Ja is special and we know he can take over games but I don't, excuse me. Dang. I ain't, ain't nothing Ja can take over games but we, we don't feel like he 25 every night. Yeah. You know what I mean? He had games where he had 14 and 14 and 10 in the playoffs. I know he dynamic.


I know he can be but I I'm not betting against him in Yoki. Yeah And they got enough bigger wins that could cause some troubles with him. Unless he's gonna shoot the ball spectacularly. You can throw a G at him. You can throw Michael Porter like you can throw bigger people at I'm throw Michael Porter. I'm just saying this Lin Falls but yeah we know it show he ain't known for defense. Yeah. Tight. You got bro you can put bro on him. You can put whatever name Christian bro you can put him on. You can put P Peyton, you got big wings that can actually contest some shots on him. Show man. Shout to the girls getting a dub though. We got a question with Super Chuck. Hell nah Mr. Mamba I had to do him sitting here with the flu. Wonder what are some of y'all remedi from your family uses to beat it?


Rice and Broth for me Bro. Maybe A lineage, some Head a hot tidy And a joint. Third Flu shit. Get you some lean Honey. Lemon. Go Get go to Starbucks and get you a Medicine ball. Yeah Get you a medicine ball. Ball sub lemonade for water. Yeah. Get you a medicine ball but nigga I don't do remedies nigga get you some De Quil nigga And Rice and Broth. You must are are you a Japanese? I'm gonna say Creole or something Because I ain't never heard Rice or Broth. And What broth That boy you been locked up? Mama been locked up.


That's the commissary get well soon. Us for Health Remedies. Boy don't you say alcohol used give him his money back but fuck you mama drinking anymore? Nah. How tired he get you up through though. The didn't help That title Get you through there for sure. I show remember bro get well soon Mr. Mobber. Man belt a ass situation in Indianapolis. The Knicks pulled up, took care of the patients yesterday. Eight to one 15. Cat went insane yesterday. 40 12 and five. Josh Hart went crazy as well. 30 10 and five He said that. Yeah man shit got Wiki yesterday. Fuck Rick Carlisle. I told y'all I watched that game me Pure discuss yesterday.


I told Y'all bro Who's scoring big in NBA this season?


You are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props money lines, you name it, DraftKings got it all new customers. Now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Take us to the record to DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today, use Code Club five 20. Yes that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets with just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com We've done your homework.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Dear yes my love, will you share the most precious thing in the world with me And be My bowl mate. Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes. A million times. Yes. I will Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations Qdoba Rewards members only log into your account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Delivering taxes extra other restrictions may apply.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


I can't say that. Yes I can. The Shit It, It got wicked. We didn't have Molly yesterday. It didn't matter 'cause can't nobody stop cat and can cat dog let's bro, Y'all let Josh Hart and I love Josh Hart. Y'all let him have 30, 10 and five on y'all bro. Hey And that's not his job on that team bro. And it was a weird game 'cause Jalen Bruss was in foul trouble the whole game. So he kind of really barely played. But yesterday man that was just a joke. Rick Carlisle's rotation. Ty, they were Ous. Tyree, Halliburton got a get a a deeper bag bro. He gotta get a deeper bag. He don't got enough moves bro. Man I've been thinking about that all week. Oh I mean Bro like watching that shit a little bit bro. He kind of, I love Tyree's game.


I know when we see each other it is a fake smoke and shit. You know what I mean? But it ain't no hate. I just feel like he needs us some more counters. Like not like a much like Kyrie but damn I mean he needs something else. Like they kind of like bro said they kind of figured him out now a little bit. Realistically our team is good because we move and we good in transition if we're not up and down the court, if we're not moving the ball, like that's not Tyree's ain't Pat Pat get past you. It is counter get open shot or pass the ball. If we not running, if we not rotating the ball we easy to guard. It showed last night. Yeah But that's when it happens when you get in the half court set. I feel like you gotta have some type of adjustment to your game. It's cool to be up or down but shit it ain't always green like that. I agree. But you also gotta have the right people in the game to counter like niggas ain't gonna change that game up one game in a row.


You know who they are. So if that's what we successful at, you gotta have a rotation in network. I got the players. Tyrese is a benefit. A player benefit of the system. Like every system he played in so far in his N NBA career, he benefited from 'cause they played the uptempo top style. Yeah you get the ball run fast. I can kick it up, shoot the three, gimme a high ball screen pick and roll. They roll fast. And then when you get in a game with the Knicks, the Knicks is a grinded out team. Yeah. So they gonna play half court, they gonna get back in transition. Tibs, all he care about is defense. So when you get in a game like this, if your three ball ain't falling for Tyrese, like Tyrese is a three point shooter, like his game is predicated off making threes.


If he make a three, he hitting threes. Tyrese special. Yeah he ain't hitting threes. The dynamic of his game goes all the way down. And that's what you talk about his bag like he can't break nobody down off the dribble and get to the rim. He gotta make plays in pick and roll. But if it's three not falling he he gonna be very average because His numbers last year was like P me like no exaggeration bro. That nigga had like 15, 16, 17 assists type shit. Oh yeah. Before he got hurt last year before Issa Turner he was going crazy And 16 and eight is fired. You know what I mean? Some people don't even get that for their career. But it is just, it is not what we need from you Realistically it's not enough. Yeah It like you said on this team, it's not, not to be a max player.


Yeah it's not enough. And a star player of the the Pacers he has to average 2310. Yeah that's a fact bro. 24 8. Yeah I, It's just different when like Victor, Ola Depot was here just, I don't know what you mean. Like 'cause he, he was able to reel that the team was weak. He was able to reel him either way though. Nah I wouldn't say Was bro, That team wasn't too weak bro. So bonus and them, I mean we had a four C what? Five C that year. I'm saying y'all, y'all was killing last year with this same team. Oh yeah but I, I think the problem, like you said, everybody kind of figured who we were last year and I don't think as a team we like progressed at all. Like if you look some our players a lot, we started for injuries same like Victor Did his thing every year while he was here.


That I won't say that and I'm not gonna slide him but he who when he was healthy hoop before he got hurt. Yeah when he was healthy he hoop. He was saying bro, before he got hurt he hoop bro. He, he was Allstar. I'm not sliding at all. Victor Hoop was here after was just too short. Yeah y'all won games against the Cavs bro. Y'all took the cal what? Six shout to Bogey bro or seven? No I think they came to, I went to seven if I'm correct. Like yeah I Was first round. I don't mean the shit on it. I'm just saying Bring up taking LeBron a seven. It's different star powers bro. So for for Tyree, Halliburton to have that. You got the torch bro. We ain't really no more excuses and you talk shit. He do. You pop your shit bro.


So these days you can't have this type of performances bro. Yeah he is gotta step it up. I mean and to be fair it I over, I mean it got underlooked because we had a hell of a January we was like 12 and two in a month. Yeah. I mean went crazy but they, they playing basketball, they playing good ball. That was our first back to back loss since December. But I'm just talking about one certain teams though like, Like the Knicks the the teams that the teams to be working with. So that was my problem with Rick yesterday. Like the last time we played and we beat them 'cause Berick Mathers scored a career high. Why are we bitching him for Aaron E. Smith? Aaron E. Smith scored zero points yesterday. Nah like that that rotation shit hurt. Jarris Walker was catching stride now he not getting minutes bro. I know we didn't have miles yesterday or there wasn't no excuse for our performance. OB topic couldn't find Josh Har yesterday he scored 10 off the ducker spot.


This chilling. But yeah shout out to Nick man they kicked our ass yesterday. We talked speaking of Josh Hart like Josh Hart is a player that every team needs facts. He's like the ultimate pro. Like just the ultimate guy that you want. They call him a glue guy. Like a guy that just makes shit happen. He get rebounds, he can score points like he had 30 to tonight. You don't expect that from Josh Hart all the time. But he has nice where he can get 30 you expect 12, 15 points from Josh short playing hard, getting rebounds, guard the best player, get loose balls, do all those small things. Yeah. And teams need a guy like him. That's why he's so valuable. He's the only person six five and under that's avenue over six rebounds in the league. He's one of the best rebounds in the league. Crazy. He is small.


Crazy. Yeah man. Shout to Nick man. They got something special like you said when they ain't hurt they they go crazy. Super Chad Young Horatio said have you seen Taha P for a college hoop? It looks like a young team. Where he at? What's his name player Auburn. He is a point guard at Auburn. I meant to Super Chad nigga Horatio Young Horatio. Nah my step is better than shout to Horatio. I know your lineage. My stats was better than his as a freshman. Nah but he played for what the they top five in the Yeah in the country. Nah little broken hoop though. I ain't gonna lie. I've been a fan of his for a minute. Jersey seen him in high school. He was teammates with the point guard from North Carolina. It was a A A U team N?


Yeah. What's the dude name? Last name? N Jackson? Nah. Oh the point guard light-skinned felon. What's the nigga of now Went to school early? I don't know. I don't remember. He trash at North Carolina right now. No disrespect to little homie but he not playing well at North Carolina. It's like Cade or something like that. Elliot? Yeah. Oh okay. Yeah he ain't having the best of years right now. But Little brother Feder for he hooping playing well Confident player. I watched him play Duke. He hooped out against Duke. Interesting to see how he go forward. I mean they got a good team. See what he do in a tournament. Maybe he can be one and done. I don't know.


Most definitely super chat again Kyle said y'all wanna hear y'all's take on the one verse two matchup in college ball this weekend at Auburn versus Alabama. Keep killing it. Appreciate you. Hey man it's a big matchup SCC killing right now in basketball. Yeah I'm used to that being a football rivalry right there. Cam Newton verse somebody about to see basketball. Auburn verse Alabama. I say Nael game. That's what's up man. Alabama boy Alabama. They been solid. Alabama got some fire guards on they team. Yeah them them little that little back court they got they dynamic. But it's gonna be a test 'cause the big boy from Auburn, a light skinned fellow with the braids. I got his name. Boom bro. One of them he could be effective down low if if he's playing Will Auburn got a good chance.


Pettiford gonna have to play great too though. 'cause them guards in Alabama they nice. Yeah and Chad o ass better hoop too. Yeah that's a good game for the state right there. Come On that's Robert game go crazy. Another question from Super Chad Premier me. Can Ball be a franchise player as in can he turn it around a team like Ja did with Memphis or an did or is he really good or the really good second option on the good team? Man I was gonna talk about that but do you see it, you know new ownership is contemplating possibly moving on from Lalo? Yeah I don't, I love Lalo game. This is just me, my take, I love Lalo game but I don't think he ever played winning basketball before. Yeah True. So I don't know if he could lead a franchise like a Ja Morant 'cause he ain't had that experience.


He went straight from high school basically. Yep. He had a different route. So That overseas team garbage? Yeah He played high school with his brothers. Who Lonzo on them led that team? Yeah, then he went on a whole new circus, you know what I mean? He never really had to be a leader of a squad or take over a team. His a a U team. They lost all the time. Yeah, All the time. It Was just always a show. So the change around the franchise, you look at John Marant, he had Murray State lit. Yeah they won. He knew how to beat the guy. He trained to be the guy he was built for that Dame Littler, Steph Curry, they all had these teams to be the guy and he always been the guy that just always lost. Yeah.


So he's still the guy but he don't win. Yeah Because and they was sad that Georgia but they played like tried to play winning basketball. Yeah he was around structured basically. Tyre ain't never really been around. But also Ant was drafted to a team and they brought along guys who played winning basketball before. Yeah Like they got Rudy o even though we hate him played winning basketball with Utah. Nah, that's a fact. Ka was a talented player. Superstar. He was a part of a winning team. He made it to the playoffs. He had a, he got a chance to be in a playoff series. He like damn I wanna get back to that. Playing winning basketball. Yeah. And then you get Mike Conley the ultimate pro who's always won his whole life.


He's been winning since high school. Make it to the final game in college. Just the ultimate pro. You get some of them guys around you so that helps him. You know what I mean? Lalo ain't never had no say Lalo wasn't a record trash. Yeah it is. And it's continuing. It's continuing. That's a max deal pay. Nah, he he, he's a max talent for sure. Yeah. That's not even, that's a given a max talent. But he And one nigga brother man To league, he never been in no winter environment or he ain't been around winners on his team. Like ah For sure he hasn't won since Chino Hills. We need to know in Drew League that's what we need to, he just ain't been around. They ain't had no winners around him though. Super chat Curtis Kent said Tyrese is really trashing me but honestly y'all think if he had my White Ghost pull up, you'd think he'd get back to Allstar level.


There's plenty of snow in Indiana Curtis. Oh yeah, it's plenty of snow. I like motherfucker I ain't speaking on no man it was ice rain today. What he do outside? Nah you know what I mean. He might Tyre straight. He might be hurt or something. We don't know. He said his back a little shaky. He is but he still gonna hoop out man. Shout to Tyres. It's sweet. He this a camel Clutch. RM Pilly RM Philly. Excuse me. Question for fatigue. Since being thinks shit's sweet, do you think he survive a, a camel clutch from the Iron Sheik RP? Nah I I ain't gonna let Who fuck is that famous wrestler man I ain't gonna let Iron Sheik was a legend. Yeah he somebody that died. Yeah. Oh okay. RP. Yeah. I don't even know if he did yet. I think he might be but Iron Iron sheik you Well his wrestling move. We ain't going, I ain't gonna let you see that. It's a nigga putting his nuts on your back.


Yeah, go ahead show him the Iron Campbell C See him on Facebook. That's a camel clutch. Hell now he ain't surviving that shit. That shit hurt. That nigga said that shit hurt in real life. Damn. Old school. Yeah he said the people he didn't like he used to hold the move longer. Yeah That was who was Za Rahi? That was Rahi for sure. That was his inspiration. He just, you know what I'm saying, went too far with it. Shout out to the Godfather For sure man. The 76 ERs in the ho Did y'all do the camo clutches and your wrestling Jays mike? No Camel clutches. Mike used to do the camel clutch off the court. Yeah my favorite wrestler at one time was the Godfather though.


That's his godfather. Shout out to my homie Rip. You know what the Godfather is? Yeah. What he had the whole train. That nigga had him on a stroll. Hey Big Rib. That's what he used to say. The homie Big Rip. That's that's his real hook in real life. For real? Yeah. Damn I didn't know that. Yeah I Be Tapped in with the shit. The train he used say the whole, he used to walk out. That was his intro. It used to be where are my bitches? Yeah everybody know y'all gonna have topping holes Nationwide. We gotta play that tonight on the club. We gotta play that tonight Nigga Pipping Nationwide. Oh yeah we gonna pull up for the show for Show Man you gotta see a one where he, him and Undertaker best friends in real life they was going against each other and so he like pulled out some real life shit with like trolling him.


Yeah. And Undertaker never talked and he like super serious and he looked at it and he was like before his matches used to ask the dude do you wanna fight me or do you want something of my hoes and we can end this fight and we can go party with the hoes. And he asked the undertaker, do you wanna fight or do you wanna party with the hoes? The undertaker was just looking at him, he ain't say nothing. He was like, I don't know you, you love hoes. And I said this is fucking B shit be in. Hey Undertaker almost Undertaker almost started laughing so he just had to punch you. Shit. Funny as hell bro. You, you gotta pull it up. Hey for WWE that's being script. Come on we adding in. Yeah I fuck with that now. For sure. For Sure, for sure. Edward. I said Jeff t you should have came to New Orleans one year.


You would've had a blast. It slid down here bro. Get you some Eline clothing too. It is gonna be big. Pause em line, make sure it's fire. We would've played with year in New Orleans. Lon. That is fire. I know that line. Okay. That shit is far. That's dope Line. I would play one year anywhere. Send me to Utah. I've been there, shit matter. I'm ready. Ready. Okay. Send some shit out. Send some Shit to white then. Yeah I fuck with that for sure. That's a little loud shit but that that little calm shit is it's cool bro. Alright. That's not free advertising now shit are we Nigga It's a relaxed brand. Show some love. Shout out to Lon then. 76 ERs took a A yesterday to the rappers. 1 0 6 to 1 0 3. Scotty Barnes are crazy.


33 and 10. Mayo quickly had 23 and five and B had 27 and 12 and Tyrese Maxey had five. Man. Why still playing to beat shit. He gotta earn his money that's all at this point. You gotta earn his money if you healthy play man. If he having another knee starter that's gonna sit him down like is it worth it because I mean they're not gonna move on from it. So it seems like it's you losing to the rappers bro. What be doing? I don't know but shout out to bi man got that extension. Yes sir. Three year, one 20. Yeah. I'm surprised he couldn't get that from New Orleans. He probably did. They probably offered him that. He probably just didn't wanna be in New Orleans no more. I ain't gonna say that 'cause I think he vibed with New Orleans.


I shouldn't say that but I don't know all the ins and outs but I'm surprised New Orleans ain't offer him that. If they did and he ain't accept it. I get It. Y'all think he gonna stay? That was that was gonna, that was gonna be my question. Shoot, I don't think he does 'cause look at who you paying on next year on that team You got, you paying Scotty and Max deal basically. But he just signed it through your extension. You don't think he gonna stay? They say force to hand. Nah bro, they wouldn't have traded for him. They think he gonna stay and I think they got, I told y'all what they doing, they got all them wings. Rj, beard, bi, Scotty Barnes, they match your will with the Celtics. Now That's some nice wings right there. Got match up with New York. They need some more shooting to help gd.


That's a, that's a solid team Got even quickly a solid point guard. Most definitely they got, they got, they trying to build on So you they gotta get a big though. Is that something they draft? I was gonna say reason I could see them possibly move him 'cause I imagine they could probably get more assets than what they got for him. Not the trade. Not with that three year extension. I You don't think nobody would deal with him? I mean they ain't a bad deal. Nah, I'm not saying people won't deal with him but you. That was we locked in. We going You gonna be here a year. Okay you gonna get a year? Yeah we gotta see what we just, we gotta see what we can do with it. Gotta gimme one year. Yeah. Okay. I ain't matter. Cool. I like your theory. Like you said they getting, they getting solid wings. You got Max Player and Scotty Barnes, you got be Yahoo who's capable for sure RJ be been hooping this shoe.


That's A great pick. Grady, Dick Paul, he been playing, he having a good shooter solid year. Now you just need a big some more capable like role players. Shout to Garrett Temple. Still in the league getting in the back. Garrett Temple still in the what? See I told you it pays to be a good person for year 14 for Garrett Temple. He played he it pays to be a good person. Boy. Averaging 0.6. How long has he 14 years bro. 14 years. I on the on the Wizard Roch she shout to GT man He a good nigga. He is a good dude. That's what's crazy. He do all the little things. He worked for the NBA pa. Oh okay. He that bread player Player association. He do all that good stuff.


He solid. He go to all the team meetings. Yeah be the first there professional all the time. It pays to be them kind of guys. See that's what I wish I would've did instead of going out to the club. Well you should have got drafted to Utah first. Maybe you'd have been professional. Well Not Oak. Yeah, I blame you. Smooth.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream or is it their super comprehensive agent directory or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com We've done your homework.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Dear yes my love, will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl mate. Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes. A million times. Yes. I will Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations. Q Double rewards members only log into your account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Delivery and taxes extra other restrictions may apply.


Don't miss real life on Eagles. Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez in their new podcast Amigos. Each episode is a party where the good friends get real with each other about life, careers and everything about everything. And you're right there with them. When I discovered acting it it, I've just found my calling. But a lot of that was just because I wasn't, I wasn't good at anything else. You know, Join the two amigos straight from Wilmer speakeasy for toasted good times. Don't be surprised if some special guests and good friends drop in and always expect lively candid discussions. Plenty of genuine moments and lots of laughter. Remember hearing this commercial. Are you between the ages of 16? What is it? Oh Man. Yeah. Are you between the eighties of one of 14 and 16 years old? Do you think you got it takes to what it takes to to be a TV personality and commercials and you know, morning Saturday morning shows. Listen to those amigos as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Y'all showed me a different Yeah I thought that was how the NBA life supposed to be. I was supposed to be square. You wasn't though bro. I was. I wasn't. I wouldn't naturally You would. You would've crashed out after a while. Nah, nah, You talk been crazy. It was good being there. If I would've had Kyle Corver my rookie year, I'd been straight. I'm just saying. But you had vest to have balance like smooth them. They still like naht. You can't do that. No, No they didn't. Yeah They did. Marvin Williams had balance. Marvin. Marvin showed you love off the Plane. Marvin. The reason Marvin showed you love Playing Still the plan play. Okay. Because if I was just was with the other guys, That is somebody we need on this show too.


Joe. Joe didn't talk talk to you, Joe didn't care about your life. Was Joe, did Joe, did Joe already get the, that a hundred mil before you got there? He was on the 70. Didn't he got the hundred like my year? Fuck yeah. He didn't care about your life. He'd be like what's up young fella. He trying to go out, got some gals, got Joe, ended it up. Got some gals for you. We still haven't heard from Joe Johnson since two went to 11 by the way. Has anybody seen him? No I haven't seen the IG posting or nothing. Got some gals for you man. He like this shit Ain't mine. Hey mine got some gals so far. Nigga win is your episode. I got some gals for you. Mine. Whoa. Oh man it well so does the bull scored 29 first half points yesterday.


Built a ass situation against the Pistons. They beat the ass. 1 32 to 92. The fact that they scored them beat points in the second half but 29 points in the first half. There's nothing else to talk about. The score that many in the second half is crazy. Yeah they went crazy. Actually They woke up 'cause what they did in the first half was a fucking joke. It was like 71 to 29 Score. 29 points bro. In 24 minutes is wild. Damn. I didn't even know that. Yeah bro. Shout out to, they beat the sleeve off though. I thought it was a typo. The Bulls, they they going the bull fuck around and get Cooper capture the flag. That's hard. Low key bro. They, that's hard bro. You know how to drive the balls pulled, you know how it go. That's hard bro.


10 because the Bulls is a big market. Chicago one of the biggest markets in the NBA. Right. NBA cheat all the time. So, But it's one of the bigger markets. No, look at these bottom tier teams in the east. Yeah I would Don't do, don't send him to DC That's not fair. No. Charlotte, no. Nah. Toronto. No Brooklyn. No, no. He'd fuck around and go to Brooklyn. That would suck big. I mean it's New York. It ain't, it's the baby team in New York but it's New York Cooper Go to Philly nigga with Jerry McCain and Tyree shit. Trading Bead only. Only way I'll make you happy if they trade in Bead No. Fuck that N Bead and Cooper now get him by through.


I want him to go to the Bulls though. So Hood the bull spot or? Or Portland Bulls or Portland. Could we go to the Western Conference? Police? Who at the bottom over there? Shit. Bulls are Portland. Okay. You said earlier with the Portland? Yeah. Bulls are Portland Peans. They don't need to get What about he go to the Spurs? Peans don't need a white player NBA cheat and they go to the Spurs. Bro. That's, that's ridiculous bro. Nah, but Wendy Cooper flag Stefon Castle and Fox is crazy bro. Let's the Blaze Blazers ain lit The Blazers though. I want the Blazers or I want the Bulls. They gotta be the Bulls 'cause the Bulls is a big market and they've been down and that's one of the hot spots for the NBA Chicago fan base is crazy. They need some love.


Ace Bailey is going to The Wizards don't give a fuck what pick they got. Where at Ace? Yeah. Get well soon. Yeah you going the wizard, You are for sure going There. You are a wizard. Yeah. So call the Melo, see how it is being a pro because y'all the same type of nigga. Well at least you got some best the Wizard now you got Chris. Mel got Marcus Smart. He going to the Lalo came to the Hornets as Devet. That was the problem. Had Hor suit though. The Lalo been Delta. The only kink in Lamar's bag is sending that nigga over there with with Jello in them the first time. Yeah it got cool with Australia with that first round bro.


He was a bad dad for that. He was a bad dad. Hey Bahana him for buying out our shred team after he played for him. That was fire to me. That is hard. Damn. Did you see Kendall Gill saying that the Bulls didn't need Cooper flag? He's already got one. The young boy Zeus. Yeah. Yeah they is like he, they already got Cooper flag right there. He nice but nah Cooper, you Put both of them together? Yeah. Shout to Kendall Gill too man. Lot smu Man. Motherfucker talk shit. He'll whoop your ass. He trying to put SMU on Kendall. He like a Black belt. Nah, I was just him out. Nah, shit. Saying Wasn't saying I'm saying a be like fuck Kendall.


Fuck yours up. Wasn't even talking about djj But go to Ula Bella go to go to cj. Funny as hell Go to that nigga Stats. Yeah I'm nothing. Gimme Cooper. Yeah Cooper not getting six into it. Right. Here's Bellas, They kind of plug the same He he cool though but Cooper flag a little more dynamic than him. I've seen what Kg said For sure man. Oh man. Give us to the boys. We be just butchering people name. What is that boy name? I don't know there's too many of 'em in League. He look like Mantis but I'm gonna call him s Respect.


He dunk out there too. He got bounced. Yeah. How I feel about Kevin Hart hosting the live speaking during the actual Allstar game. Shit, They better hope he don't get sls. I dunno. Well Kevin Hart we get drunk. He gonna, I ain't watch the Allstar game in so long. Yeah, me either bro. We'll we'll talk about that more tomorrow but yeah that shit's crazy. But some games tonight. We'll see how y'all feel about 'em. Spurs at Celtics. CELs? Yeah. Ah Damn it's a lot of games. Yeah it is Hella games today. I'm go Celtics. Okay Horness at magic. Magic. Magic. Magic Pacers at Wizard. I swear to God if we lose to the Wizards, 70 was at Nets.


Nets. Lemme take naps. I'm going Nets. Hawks at Nicks. Nicks. Nicks calves at Raptors. Calves, calves, pistons at Bulls. Pistons bro. Bulls, They're playing 'em game back for what happened last night. That's why I should was probably real. They don't even deserve to play the game. Forfeit. They Just probably went out Bucks at T Wolves. T Wolves. Gianni ain't playing T Wolves. I'm going bucks. Kings at Pelicans. Kings Kings Heat at Thunder. Thunderbirds Suns at rockets. Rockets, Blazers at Nuggets. Nuggets.


Lakers at Jazz. Lakers. Yeah Lakers. Warriors at Mass Warriors. Warriors Grizzlies at Clippers. Clippers. Yeah. Mp. I'm gonna go Clippers too. Offer back to back for grizzlies. That's tough. Mps gonna go crazy on no fool tonight you go To LA for show. Ja went out Most definitely had a great time. Three five buckets being here was getting to it yesterday. I'm gonna give it the freaky cat man. Hey nobody can guard him in on Indiana man it was 40 12 5 light day. Yeah Miles didn't play. It didn't matter anyway. Thomas Bryant didn't have nothing for him yesterday. Kat was dominating yesterday. Respect. I'm gonna show some love with Josh Hart.


Man. He had 30 and 10 yesterday. 12 for six team you was hooping bro. I gotta show some respect. I'm gonna go with KD 30 K buckets. Yes sir. Shout out to the ultimate score. Probably one of the best scorers in NBA history obviously with the 30 K buckets. But our ultimate goal when it comes to scoring, I think all of us speak say we He our favorite scorer of all time. Oh yeah. Easy. Yeah. So shout out to KD for sure. Man. Last name Ali Scotty Barnes. She had 33 and 10 yesterday. He was hooping for sure be hearing who needs some encouragement? This good here Wednesday morning. So Y'all put me on game man. It's for sure the Bulls 29 but they playing again tonight so I it was probably just some fluff man it don't even matter but that's terrible though.


29 points in the first half is That should never happen in the NBA Ines. Mike get Wilson goes to join and B, he must have took the under last night. 'cause with the game on the line, this is what the fuck he did. That's crazy. Just shoot no three, no midi, just shoot it. Gave that bitch up. Look at Grady. That's crazy. He got that in his bag. I ain't even mad at him for it. That's just bad awareness. You should have just shot it but Shit, shoot the ball. I ain't mad at him. He didn't hit a nigga with that before and went to go get a bucket.


Where Players turn it over man, Most definitely. But when you do it in the Clut game we don't like it might deal well soon is so who is that? Desmond Bain and Nick Richards. Ah yeah that's a BA strong ass. Wow. The Easy nigga. Oh my mama. That's something that shit that piss you off right now. We talking about that when you come on the show too bro. He be watching this shit. Hey that piss me off. You out of pocket nigga because you really threw it at him bro. Obsess shit, you know look though. Nah that was Tyree Halliburton. No look My who was cutting to the basket? Brandon Clark. They passed away getting there if it wasn't. That's crazy. Shout out to Bobo Good minutes too.


Bobo been having some highlights too. Yeah, he be getting some minutes. Forgot to send y'all some shit Behind the back. He threw it down. They kept saying Bobo is just as good as wi. Yeah he was out of fucking Pac. Yeah it is really Shaq that's doing that on T T's platform by the time. Just dunno how Old he is. For real bro. You ridiculous. Super chat. David says Jeff, what's an NB? A physical like after being traded. Salute, like check your balls, check your blood. It's like when you was in middle school. Yeah. Same thing as middle school. Fuck. Check your heart. You go to the doctor, Go through all your extremities. See if your feet good ankle, good toe, good knee Good. See your heart. Good David.


You out of Pocket. Go to doctor my nigga. Well you Probably got gout. Same shit. So we try get out. If you got, if you have previous injuries, you might get some MRIs just to see if you can, you know, see if some stuff is there but about it for sure. Alexander Smith super chat. I know college ball is a different game than the NBA, but how much Bama twos and high tempo offensive side. How do you as a coach just accept that Turnovers in high tempo, offensive side. I don't know what he saying. He saying toss right? Yeah. High tempo offense. I mean if you play a fast paced game you probably gonna have turnovers. I mean if you get up and down a lot, you play fast, take quick shots, you speed up the game, it's probably gonna be some turnovers a part of it.


You just gotta live with it. But if you play pressure defense and you create turnovers, gotta live with it. But trust me. Who y'all top three eaters ever? Yeah, shit. Freaky Amir Strong and the super chest says who's y'all Top three athletes Eater. And I'm hoping that says ever of all time. 'cause I don't know who our top three athlete eaters are but that's crazy. What's the top? I say nigga, I had some athletes Who? Shit I knew you. I told you stay out the WBA game. That motherfucking gymnast, she's a runner. She's a track star. Why he write that though?


The real power ranking. Oh he went to write ever. But he wrote Eater. Freaky, freaky, freaky C. No, no, no. She's a track style. He Said me you freaky. She gonna run over Top three athletes ever. Top three eaters. You trying to get us canceled Shit. Shout to the volleyball track girls basketball. I'm gonna go with the top. My top athlete probably be LeBron. Shout Out to the eaters from the family. He gonna put put that on the crash I part leg. I'm gonna say my top athlete is LeBron Deion Sanders.


How do we even answer that after that? Y'all, y'all nigga still wanna answer that? Nah, I'm still, he said ever it was supposed to be ever Bro Typo on your iPhone or Apple. I mean But that, that lets you know how much he write Eater. Yeah because what on his phone Because for it to auto autocorrect to Eater, it is crazy. Come on bro. Yo Android. No nor your iPhone ever. Miss misses that up. Like mixes that up like that. That is crazy. Be here. What you got for him today Sean? With some money? Yeah man. Jason Tatum, 25 Tyrese I believe in you today. Nasty 20 Paolo 25 Donovan Mitchell 20 Paul George, I believe in you tonight. Na against the next 20 Reon.


25 Yoic with a 25 2 50. Get you 14 K today. Two 50 for 14 K. Sound good to me? Yeah She ironic. She's that track. I don't know about George 20 5K 25 but or 2020 whatever. That's tough. Aaron. Josephs is DJJ getting his pacer stamp removed after the season. I don't know what that means but watch your mouth. Yeah you know he, he always trying to fire somebody. Get somebody traded or cut take his stamp. He said DJ got a trim stamp. He stamp. I don't know about but got too close back when the pace is on it.


Aaron, you outta pocket we'll get on your hands. Nah, they get mad at me when I say at work. I said it on here too. Listen, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back same time tomorrow. Five 20 in the Morning. The Volume,


So might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework


Dear. Yes, my love. Will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl mate? Are You asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes. A million times, yes. I will Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in a Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations. Qdoba Rewards members only log into account or scan QR code to check out one offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Delivery and taxes, extra other restrictions may apply.


Broker brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste you can't resist Kroger Fresh For everyone.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.