
Ever tried to tackle a home improvement project without making 10 trips to Home Depot? What if I told you there's a way to earn cash back while you shop? Introducing Drop the Ultimate Rewards app with Drop. You can earn free gift cards by shopping in store or online at Home Depot and tons of other stores. Download the Drop app today and use Code Drop three three to get an instant $5 in points that's drop your Go-to for shopping rewards.


Wasabi Technologies is purpose built to free businesses from skyrocketing storage costs and unpredictable egress fees from those old and top heavy legacy providers. You know the big guys Wasabi is the go-to provider for professional and collegiate sports teams around the world. From Wasabi's AI enabled intelligent media storage Wasabi Air to the industry's only cloud storage service. With triple protection against cyber criminals, wasabi is driving innovation in data storage all for up to 80% less than those other guys. Try them out for free@wasabi.com


S


Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like here in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You? turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


Now streaming on Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross. Based on characters created by James Patterson. We Have to catch this serial killer. I don't kill for Foot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. Clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I know I can't 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video. Watch now.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit SH u.edu today to get started.


The Volume. Good morning. Happy Thursdays five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite morning sports Show. I took It outta context, took it outta contest. Keep you up to updated and everything sports slated and especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined by my tour esteem co-host. This morning to my left I got Bishop Piners to my right, my brother Teague Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? Chilling man. Hi. Take Teague baby. My boy woke up to the smoke. Yeah? Yeah. I woke up to some snow. Not the Smoke now. Can't believe I live here. That's crazy Bro. Yeah. Shout out to anybody in the Midwest right now. Experience what we we doing right now. And that woke up to that white snow boy. Got the Scully on tin season already.


Yeah I really had had but I'm dang it, it threw me for a loop scene that snow. Yeah man it's getting work stuff. Only snow I used to see was when I was on the block with everything. That's cool. Respect. Call me Jeezy in my hood Nigga. Put on the scuffing, turn it into a nigga. But that ain't it. That's wild. That's Teague. Black Forces cul. For sure. For sure. Listen, be shout to the Philadelphia 76 is for giving us wonderful content each and every morning. We appreciate y'all. They took a L last night, one 17 to one 11 in Memphis. Man the first time we seen the quote unquote big three. You know what I'm saying? And unfortunately we lost Paul George for a couple weeks where it seems like high Percented the same knee he injured a couple weeks ago.


Damn. Yeah. Get well soon. Jokes. I thought you An ankle Man. No. Bam. Yeah the same injury man. No like you said no jokes about getting injured. We don gonna play like that at all. Get well soon pg rest up but man it's the time to shut him down for extended amount of time man. Because he's on a max deal. Yeah, he gotta let him get healthy bro. Like damn. Hate to hear that. Yeah, It's tough man. Listen, NB showed up last night, smooth 35 piece. Tyreese Maxey came back last night. He's limited. Didn't play the best as well. They lost to a jobless Memphis team yesterday. We're looking around with that team man.


What should they do? pgs out. They gotta arrest him for as long as he needs to be healthy again. He's on a max deal. They didn't sign him for just a one year situation. You know? Even if they don't want to keep him after this year, he's gotta be healthy enough to move. What you think they should do? Man? Man, I don't know. This might be a wrap for the Philly man. I think Tyrese, Maxey and B can get going. I mean they did it last year. So if those two continue to keep playing, I mean and B looking like MB getting 35 but if Tyrese Maxey come back like he was before he got injured, I think they might be able to sneak into the play on the playin game. They might get a little traction, get some wins. But with PG being out means somebody else gotta step up.


One of them, the Martin twin gotta step up or Eric Gore might have to play a little better. Something gotta happen. But they still gotta a chance. They got to Perennial Allstar on they team. Jerry McCain locking your future nasty. Hey and he doing his thing bro. Regardless of hey he's, he started getting that list early as a rookie man he getting to it bro. Yeah, go Ahead. He, he's getting 20 a night. Let him and Tyrese Maxey do they thing bro. Let him rock out in the back court. You know this season pretty much as a dud Joe me got injured again. I don't know what he left with and came back with but you know it's, it's over for him. Man that's tough. I mean a lot of people are already saying, you know, is it time to start thinking about the tank situation? I would though on some real shit.


I ain't even think about that. I would. I would for sure Tank. What about if they got the number one pick? That'd be hard bro. Which would be crazy because got Cooper they pick is top six protected so. Oh wow. Cooper or a Ace? I'm some, yeah anybody They get in the top three will go crazy but one of them two for sure bro. That would be insane. Next year I would've hate it to go to Philly if I wanted them to. Why? It'd be like Evan Turner's situation. You think So? Yeah you the number two pick you get drafted to a team with two all Stars. Three. Two Hall of Famers a potential superstar in Tyree Maxey. Jerry McCain probably Rookie of the year.


You come here no know bro. I see, I see where you going but this situation, this is young. I don't know you not getting a, the Killers is different. You not getting a rock. Tyrese Maxey shoots 25 shots right Joe B shoot 25 shots and pg he gotta get his 10 to 12. Well I mean y'all call Cooper Flag a energy player anyway so He's he Matter fact he he fit that. That's what they need. What we need that energy guy what we doing they need Brian Davis Star will come back from the dead if you think they gonna say Cooper flag to the s No he about to be somewhere he can shoot the ball 25 times a night. He Brian Scalabrinian. Oh wow that's so disrespectful.


Move along with this fucking Show calling man a red mama man. SoCal was nice though. No Sleep on s sc. I About him right now. I'm sleep on scale. What? What Kendrick per on like scale? Nah, he said he rock with it but he said you know don't be talking to my name and when we went to celebrate the championship you wouldn't put on your jersey because you had on a suit during the game. He's fucked up my jersey. Nah I'm like I ain't wear that shit. You had more minutes in that in that fall situation than you did though. I'm scout. Yeah restore. Shout to Scout. But listen man the Sixers, we don't know what they going to do at some point if they keep progressing like this, they're going to have to just tank this season.


You're gonna have to just let him b get healthy. You gonna have to let PG get healthy and just let the two back court go crazy man. Yeah I wouldn't want, I wouldn't want Ace Bailey to go there though. That's not even being funny. I think he just got potential, more potential than Cooper flag. Like I think he got like star potential 'cause he can really score the ball. Cooper gonna be able to score. He is still gonna be an all star one day but I just like Ace is one of 'em guys, you can really like a go crazy. I'm gonna give you the ball. Go crazy. Yeah, For sure. I think the dope part, I'm looking forward to see what Cooper flag is, how he plays defense in the NBA. If he can continue to protect the paint like that. Obviously I know it's different level of athletes in the league, he ain't gonna be able to get off all the shit he getting off now but if he can come into the league as a shot blocker for sure that's gonna change a lot for him because you know that defensive aspect changes yo.


If you scoring 20 or not, what would you, you call a shot blocker in the NBA now? Yeah a good shot blocker in the league. What kind of player are they? Energy player. Okay, I'm just asking. But he might be rare though. He might be the one killer on office. It could protect the pain as well. On man I'm not doing that with y'all. This, this Morning. I swear to God might Have a good day I didn't wanna answer because I knew he was going I must Have a good day today. I seen, I seen Josh Smith. Mm in high school. Shout to Jay. Smooth dope episode. Tap into the podcast. Jay Smooth. You know he Was Cooper Flagg bro. No what He was a way more athletic black shots did all that.


He just probably couldn't. Oh man they I ain't, I Ain't in high school Josh. I know the internet gonna have me turn against my dog. So with the reels and the clip, I ain't doing it. Y'all got it bro. You got Josh Smith. Let's keep it real. Let's Cooper flag, let's keep it real. Sometimes I, let's fight the debate. Cooper Flag was playing 16 year olds. He reclassed and went right back to his normal grade. There's nothing wrong with that. No it's not. But what I'm saying when he was cool, he was competing against was younger. Mm When he was in them a a U tournaments. He's a killer bro. He killed high school. He killed, he killed 16 year olds. Oh bro he killed high school. He just had an amazing year. He led Mount ve. I mean I could kill if I got, he got another dude that's gonna be a top 10 pick that go to UConn.


I all The top niggas we went to the game I believe with high school Brownsburg, Aon, whatever that little classic is called out The Chipotle Classic. Yeah the Chipotle classic. He dominated Shout out to the Chipotle Classic. I heard y'all on a song. I'm with it. We with it But I'm Not, he smacked everybody at that motherfucker bro. And those was the best players in the country at that tournament no matter the age. So Listen here, I could kill two if I got another top 10 player that it's a kid at UConn. Forgot the white kid name. He Had a good team bro. They went undefeated but that's not his fault. He was a killer. He was the best player light years on the team. He was the best player. Light dude. He got MVP of the Chipotle league. I mean he did all, he got 20 LeBron Wayne with Dwayne Wade and Chris Bosch.


Dwayne, I mean LeBron James still the way best player on the team. The best player on the team. You talking about in high school KD played with the Warriors. If you got three players on your team in high school, that's gonna be a top 10. Pick your team. Crazy Not going. He doesn't play with no two other dudes. That's gonna be top 10 bro. What's the dude? His big man was cold. Yeah he go to, I hate that him, they got him late first round then the white dude on this team, they got him top 10 and then it's him number one. Yeah my viral was loaded for sure. Come on bro. Who we talking about? Shout to Cooper Flag man I could do that right now. Put me on that team. I look like a top ticket. You not bro. I ain't hating no Cooper flag. You talking about Hey come on. I playing with good players. That's like knocking Greg Odeal for playing with Mike bro.


It what you mean? I can't help bro. Greg was The number one player Though. Okay so it's Cooper. That's my point. But talking about just because Mike play with him. I'm not taking away from what Greg Dominance bro. Grigg Josh played at fucking Oak Hill. He played with Rayon Rondo. That's my whole point. I said I seen that before. That ain't what I said. No but I'm saying like You Is that not what I said? No, you're just giving it as a little dose like, like he wasn't a killer before then bro. Oh Josh. Yeah. I'm you making my point. I ain't saying Cooper wasn't a killer. What I'm saying is I seen that player before. No they don't even play the same. How don't they, I'm not making your point. But they Don't do that. Not the same. When Josh was in high school, Josh shoots, I mean Cooper shoots the basketball better than Josh Smith.


I mean that's debatable in high school. Nah, still now. Well we got some time. They the Pass the ball Josh. I say that when we sat with Nasty That that was when the NBA bro Josh didn't. It was a D was a different time. Josh was. Listen bro, It was a different time. Alright we'll say this for the podcast man. Shout to Jason Smith Dope. Podcast. Podcast. So Josh Smith your podcast too My way. Josh Smith. Josh Smith and Cooper Flag is a terrible comparison bro. And used you used to be a NBA scout and you were a basketball coach in high. This is, this is terrible bro. Bro. It's not in high school. Josh Smith was just like that. All right we gotta move on. Do we? Go ahead. Y'all won't see this topic. Go crazy. Shoulda seen That in high school bro. Nah bro. He was an athletic freak.


He blocked all the shots. He stole passes, he did all the same shit. Come on dj, do your job bro. Yes, move on. Alright man, look at nigga. Average six bucks, four steals. Nobody said Josh wasn't a dog. Oh Josh Not player bro. Yeah flag the bucks won yesterday, took care of the bulls. 1 22 to 1 0 6 Listen matter a fourth point the last five you back on average bandwagon. No, no, no, no, no, no. Fuck that. I'm still on this. Yeah, ain't let average the debate. Go get the fuck outta here Josh over man. I did not say he wasn't. Go ahead a better high school basketball player than Cooper Flag bro. I'm telling you they're not. They don't have the same game. This is about who has you compared his game when people scout kids bro.


For the NBA they make NBA comparisons bro. Cooper flag's NBA comparison. It's not no fucking John bro. Comparison ain't him. It ain't smooth Bro. I ain't say it was. I'm just saying what's Bro Who you think Who you watching? Who he play like He damn near more athletic Gordon Hayward. Alright, come on. He's shoot the ball. They do everything. Gordon play defense. You got a Saying? I'm just don't sleep. My nigga was a lottery pick like same. I ain't just saying it 'cause they white, they hooped the same. Nobody ever said Josh had a burn. You never seen Josh pull up for No you talking you saw that before. You never seen Josh come down nigga and pull up for a three off the dribble breaking niggas down.


Are you crazy In High school I did see that. Come on bro. It's clip Josh gunning. Josh was doing shit he wasn't supposed to. You seen when he came on the show the first time he said what the coach said. Hey man come over here and sit down man. I never bring here to bring up the ball bro. Ain't nobody telling Cooper flag down The three percentage. Probably much different flag. It was different respect. Shout out to both of them man. I love smoke bro. But I'm asleep. That's Crazy. I be gassing them 'cause they got highlights. They got more YouTube highlights. Oh. Just saying the truth bro. More. He said more exposure. He won the EYBL with a fucking team from man he played, he Was he playing His bro. He was playing 17, playing against 16-year-old.


Okay shit. Put me down a grade level. I'm be with it too. No you're not bro bro. No you're not bro. I'm asleep bro. High school is high school Bro. Why he Ain't playing? I'm not way. I'm young. What are you talking about Nigga? If I, if I'm a killer and I go to high school nigga and I'm a freshman and I kill you old niggas bro, I'm just better than y'all bro. If y'all kill me, y'all just ain't ready yet. It don't matter. But 14 year olds play 18 year olds every day in high school nigga. But if I'm everybody at Oak Hill is damn near 20. What You talking about? You talking about when you going to a team You said in a vice first Don't Matter. EYBL. If you play seventeens and you 17 like we had some people on our team that was playing sixteens that was 17 and they killing sixteens.


Nigga you lying. That's we. It's not Bro. It's not bro. It's all, it's all high school bro. Why if you the best player in the country, why you don't just play seventeens all the time? He played The top niggas bro. What do you mean He wasn't playing the oldest group the whole time. Like when I'm a freshman and I'm coach, He reclassed up. He was supposed to be in that grade. He went down and went back to his normal grade. What are you talking about? I'm the a U guru. Not you nigga. No, no you not. No you not You you, you a fan. Two fan bro bro. Everybody come on the show bro. Bro that I'm A real scout. You. You just look them up before they come on The show. No they let you go them you go just, You just told me I quit.


I quit. I quit. You ain't never had no dreams nigga. Fuck outta here. You was a sad nigga on the bench Bro. Cooper flag. He a chubby nigga passing out Cooper Flag killed everybody in high school. Who? Everybody. No, The Boozer twins killed him too. They beat they ass bro. When they played them. Yeah, I mean they had, I just told you they had three niggas going to the league this year. They don't though. Who don't? Cooper flag team that Mount Ver team T don't have three niggas. That's going to the NBA. Look Up Derrick McQueen and look at the white boy Liam and tell me where they at in the draft. He go to Maryland right now. He a freshman at Maryland. The Reverend Derrick McQueen.


I don't think he got any more eligibility. Whatever his name is, he go to Maryland. He a freshman. This nigga Let compare Cooper flag to Josh. He is in high school. He's wild In high school.


The ember's NBA cup is here and you can win big. Getting in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split in the six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in a single elimination in season. Turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the drafting sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the Draftking Sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right. Club five 20 CLUB five two oh and bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. All the on DraftKings the Crown is yours


Is getting gas at Exxon. Burning a hole in your wallet. What if I told you you can easily earn cash back while you fill up Introducing, drop the app that turns every fill up into a reward with drop. You'll learn points to get free gift cards every time you fill up your tank. Download, drop and use code. Drop six six to instantly receive $5 in points to jumpstart your savings journey. Don't miss out on turning your gas expenses into something rewarding.


You guys know I'm always up for a good MVP story and one of the best is the story of Wasabi Technologies. Wasabi is Purpose-built to free businesses from skyrocketing storage costs and unpredictable egress fees from old and top heavy legacy providers. You know the big guys? Wasabi is the world's hottest cloud storage company becoming the go-to provider for professional and collegiate sports teams and leagues around the world. And here's why. From wasabi's AI enabled intelligent media storage wasabi air to the industry's only cloud storage service. With triple protection against cyber criminals, data deletion and ransomware. Wasabi's taken the lead in driving innovation and data storage eliminating overhead wear. It matters to deliver you results you can count on and won't break the bank. In fact, wasabi is up to 80% less than those other guys and doesn't charge a cent for businesses to access their own data. Wasabi Another championship story. Check them out for free@wasabi.com.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s nh u.edu today to get started.


Now streaming on Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the Best and created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Als Hoge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned To trust his Gut against inside his hand. With clocks ticking. It was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can't 'cause I know I'm better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. Watch now.


Attention Parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes Guardian bike special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the US Safe factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They're built to last. And make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


He going to the league. He went to Mount Vern. You know him? He was the big man. Derrick Quinn. He going to the league and he solid right there. Then go look up the white boy. Where's he at in the draft? He, he was a killer. I know he is. That was a big last year. And then they got the white boy. What's his name? Liam. Liam. He go to Yukon. But anyway he keep going dj. I'll find it for sure. Hey, never knew we was start off our morning with the Cooper flag conversation. Man. Love this for y'all. He was passing water to George. Come on, look where they at? What do you mean that ain't even the right draft. Whatcha talking about? Look up the mock draft. What's his name? Liam. Liam something.


We go to Yukon. Alright come on. So we gonna have to show be dead Liam Oli. There we go. Oh. Oh shit. Oh man. No shoot. Oh a guy he played with a top 15 pick. Oh my God. Damn y'all. You weren't taking away from this nigga's game. It's crazy bro. I'm I'm not saying he not good. I don't just saying I seen before bro. Great conversation. We gotta move on. Buck got the dub yesterday man. Giannis 41 and nine. Dame 2010 and five. Brooke Lo Lopez is killing again with 21 for the last five. Man your bucks looking like they back on track. I told you what it was. They just had to get some quality wins. That's just too much talent on one team.


They gonna figure it out. Especially when they get healthy. When Chris Milton get back, I look for them making no real run but they just gotta get healthy that's for sure. They said he's ramping up to getting back playing. You know what I'm saying? Getting up to his condition situation. It's crazy 'cause in the east you are a four or five game win streak away from being anywhere from three to two. It's like it's crazy. You could really go crazy and run it back up. Yeah I mean we doubted 'em early because of how they look. But like you said, if they string together wins Chris milk to get back, are they playing any different? Are they playing with the urgency or they just not losing the stupid games they were losing early in the season. I think once Gianni said what he said like I think people just don't care no more. And Giannis just was like you know what I'm putting my head down and just start killing again. And he killing and that's the blowout win we was talking about.


They needed one of those like definition wins right there. Like that's the one that's gonna define our season. And I think that win right there 1 22 to 1 0 5 they on track. Most definitely shout to Zach. Lavin had a smooth 27 yesterday. He was killing, like you said he putting on his display for next team he gonna be on. But the Bulls been sneaking people all year so it is a quality win for the Bucks for sure. Especially for the last five facts. It's funny because the thing I love about all this is we're not gonna hear much from Doc Rivers. Even if it goes crazy he gonna still say the same stuff he said what they was losing And that's why I think the books are the funniest team. Gianni's not talking this funny as hell too because like you said, I said enough if We don't keep winning, y'all gonna hear my voice. This is gonna be last time y'all hear my voice. Yeah it sucks but shout to them getting it together for Show Man the Knicks, we crazy yesterday took care of the son swung 38 to 1 22.


Listen Kat killing this year. We talked about his grades bleach report put out as AA and he's looking like it man. 27 to 12 in Brunsons averaging 25 to seven. Both having career highs and percentages. Especially for Jalen Brunson Sis Wise and Kat. His shooting percentages is crazy right now. Hey man the Knicks looking like they can take care of it man. They looking like they gonna take care of it in the east man. I'm not saying they gonna win the east out. They looking like they they top tier in the east. We was Questionable. I don't, I don't think they could be Boston but yeah that's a good win for them. Beating the Suns like that is pretty good. 1 38 to 1 22. That's a high as scoring game for Sure. I don't think anybody can really rock with Boston right now in the east. But do you think that the Knicks and the Cavs could be a series that could go either way or y'all think the Knicks could win that series?


I was gonna ask be behind that. You think Nick's better than the Cavs? Like not the records but if you had to go into a series Yeah You would take the Knicks. Why Cab bro Ka the best player on the floor. Mm You think he could neutralize Evan Mobley could neutralize him at all? Him and Jared Allen? Nah. Especially if OG and them hooping doing they thing and wants Mikel figure it out, whatever the fuck he going through. They a way better team than them bro. Yeah I think the problem with that is you know Jared Allen being a great we protector we was talking about earlier if he's got a guard Kat, then he's damn isolated out the play. They're taking him out of the, he gotta be on the perimeter 'cause Kat is clearly showing he can shoot the basketball.


We know he don't win a three point contest And then when he gets down to the guards Jalen Bronson and Darius Garland like they even each other out. I I that's where the it get iffy for me in that only time with those matchups with those scenes. Because I feel like Darius Garland ain't really trying to see Jalen Bruss in the whole game bro. I don't think he can guard Jalen. Yeah I don't think too strong. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think he really want that problem. And then Diamond Mitchell gonna have to guard somebody bigger as well and obviously we know he gonna show up and kill but he's still gonna have to play defense on one of the wings. At some point the Knicks got better XFactor then Your X-Factor would be Cat and Jalen Brunson? No. Oh that'd be like OG and my Mike kid. Oh you saying Josh Hart?


Yeah. The wrong players. You saying the role players? Okay. Yeah I don't, I I I look at it differently. I think the Cavs, I think Evan Mobley is that guy that neutralizes a lot of people because I seen him guarding Jalen Brown the other day and to be seven foot and to be out there guarding Jalen Brown you can guard anybody at that point. So I feel like if you put him on Ka He the best defender on the floor. Yeah. By The ball chain. Sure. If he guard Kat then that allows Jerry Allen to roam around because if Mico Bridges is shooting like he shooting cats Who skilled and big though bro. Yeah but I'm saying imagine all, let's say we hooping and you can't shoot or I can't shoot and we like hey you just C clogged the paint like you just keep tagging.


We gonna live with Mikel shooting 20 threes at C clo The paint Well oh well if he get it together, If Mikel start making threes he hit different like he once was then it's Knicks kill him. But if Mike kill not shooting a basketball great. Or OG not shooting a great think the cast could Be a good, I ain't mad that he, he he matters Mikel you matter in that series. Hell Yeah. So If you trash bro you trash I If I would make Mikel great hat again I was rolling bro. That was like they stupid as hell. I wonder just what happened bro. I feel like he got that. What's my man who went to the Sixers first? Markel? Yeah like folks Markel to mess up his Shot bro that was crazy when he got to the league bro.


It was so good. So I don't, I don't know. I think yeah Markel Bridges matters in that series and You know else I think about on that like random who could shoot and just stop being able to shoot once they got really going to the league. Lonzo Ball, Lonzo Ball us Lay had a dumb burner. He was hitting stupid stuff back three where he got to the league shooting. That shit is crazy. That shit was trash. It was crazy. But he was hitting, obviously it's different between college and the NBA but he was like we got to the league bro. That shit was gone. He couldn't shoot no more Tie five weekes jumpers I ever seen. That shit was ugly as shit. Horrible 2K. That nigga used to bring that one but he, he he can shoot now though. That's yeah he fixed it and then came back but that first That's what I said Mike kill me, his trainer shit Tapia.


Hey de book my crazy yesterday. But listen, Brad and KD being out. Yeah Keep taking these Ls. They gonna do be here. I don't know Bro. They weathering the storm right now. Yeah It's just early. I don't know. It's still early to me. KD will be back in a couple weeks. Yeah but man they start off so high. Y'all Play like what? Damn. Nah I'm lying. Y'all play like four or five games a week. It Might get spooky. I ain't gonna lie. Yeah, if they gonna keep taking until he come back, like you said We don't know how long KD gonna be out. Especially With the I just want 'em to go 500. They go 500 we green. What They like, what they even since Katie been out, well since Katie's been out they are one and five I believe. Yeah. Damn. Whew.


Get as, get As, get as close to the brink. God damn. Yeah It's a little bit ugly but hey shout out to The next one. Look the, I mean look at the look, look at Milwaukee. Turn it around. They the word start, you could damn Near turn it around but they had different conferences too. If it, if the Suns was in the east it'd be a different conversation 'cause they'd already be up there. Could happen With the sons won. I mean the Bucks won the last four out five. I mean they could turn around bro. I don't know. They gonna be good but I just don't, I'm scared of that calf injury for kd. Yeah because he said that last time a against Golden steady hurt his Cal and the next thing you know the Achilles to shit. I know he can be real, real light on that. Yeah, especially with his age as well. They definitely ain't trying to play that game at all.


Yeah. But yeah. Aye shout out to the Knick starting five man. They had one 19 of the teams total 1 22 which is kind of, I mean excuse me not 1 22, 1 38 which is crazy. T you know say their rotation get tight but if they gonna produce like that shit don't matter Who playing. The Warriors took care of business yesterday over your Hawks Man. Built a ass situation. 1 20 97 nigga. Why y'all own that with me bro? First BN Hey y'all, we had our first, I don't wanna say that show name but we had our first What? Steven and Shannon Sharp debate. We gotta make that a segment. Well we argued. Hey this shit boy. Hey, hey this shit I told that nigga he was a water boy nigga.


Yeah. Disrespect. You had some, you had some good ones today I imagine. Next podcast. Mike said he want this show to be like that. He did. He said he wants some Controversy. This, this is, this is still early in the NBA season y'all. So if y'all want some smoke. See look, lemme tell y'all this since we here they created this show, I'm gonna keep it real with you two. They created this show so these two niggas could do they thing. He could be Ernie, he could be Kenny or whoever he wanted to be supposed to be giving this analyst, they trying to bring Club five 20 to this motherfucker. And I keep telling them don't fuck the bag up. No we got to bro. That's what, that's what the people like when we be, y'all know What I be on I with all that.


This my nigga. Regardless this we gonna argue about anything nigga. We would argue that's how we became first arguing argue Nah. Yeah. Hell yeah. But I'm saying though if y'all want that in the comments, if y'all want me and this nigga to go back and forth, just say that we good. It'll be organic but But that's the truth though. That's how he really like Cooper flag. I do too. But I just know that he likes Comfort. Yeah I mean that And we ain't doing this for the, you know, I mean the cliques but Hey the next time, next time you on that, hey we gonna pull out the challenge for just put the black forces on the table. I'm nigga just put the black forces on the table. I'm trying to smooth. I ain't mean to feel that like to kill the show at that moment but I'm saying I just was hyped like damn we really just my fault. We really just, we had, we had a real Skippy shit moment was I was like yeah I was hype.


Alright my they Be itching for That. Yeah y'all if y'all want that YouTube. I was really, I was really over here getting tight like Josh Smith bro was just like that high school. But anyway, go ahead. Yeah I can't wait till Josh see that because you know he gonna see everything. Hell yeah, he know he, he a U dude. He gonna say me ain't got be fucked up but I ain't say no smart. I just the comparison bro. I'm nothing Chacha J Smooth man. Hey we ain't got one. One of his best games of the season. Drop a smooth 27 piece yesterday. Welcome back wig. Listen man. When Andrew Wigs is playing basketball like that man the Warriors are very, very tough team to deal with. They took care of business as usual, but hey Trey Young can second a low, low, low, low amount of shots shit since his rookie year. What's going on with that man?


I told you what's going On? Trying to change it up. Probably he just trying to, he wanna be a team guy. Yeah but he also just like, Hey I'm here but if y'all ready to send me to San Antonio I'm ready. I feel like, you know, people look at it as different ways. Is it, is he playing bad or is he disgruntled quote unquote or is he just like I'm I'm just going along with I'm just doing what y'all want me to do. Cool. See got a quit complaining to me kind of probably that but to be disgruntled on average 21 and 11 is kind of crazy. I mean that's the thing about Trey Young, all the New Years, he gets s nothing in the Allstar game. You can't find so many people who got better numbers than Trey Young every year. Yeah. Regardless of what the Hawks do. And you know Trey, he one of them kind of competitors. When it's a good, when it's a crowd and stuff like that, he wants to play but sometimes he gotta prove a point a little bit.


Like I, I can do a lot. Maybe y'all said I'm shooting too much, maybe I'm doing this, I'm not getting people involved. Y'all want me to get people involved, I'll get 18 assists, you know what I mean? And he'll do stuff like that. But he also, he kind of ran his course man. He deserved to be in San Antonio right now. How long he Been in the league? Six years this year. Seven I believe. Yeah. I mean it's just been a up and down rollercoaster for him in Atlanta. You know, tres, new coaches, all that stuff. He probably just want a fresh start. Yeah. And it's kind of crazy 'cause like you said he's taking at least lower mile shots and they're like, all right, do you care? He is just like, I'm doing what y'all want me to do. Y'all want me to be a team player. Y'all say I shoot the ball to them but I'll start passing the ball now. Do you care?


What do you want from me bro? Man don't know he, they don't know what they want right now. I mean we thought we had it with Murray when Murray came. They thought they had a good combination. Trey wouldn't being him, they was both playing well but they both was basically gunning each other out. Kind of. You shoot, I shoot kind of thing. They get rid of him, they want other people to play. Deonte fit the Hawks better. Don't Trey. You think so? Ah, I because he really want to be a facilitator. Trey do too. But is Tre a bucket getter But Deonte shot 41 times one game. Nah, I believe you bro. But I just feel like he wants to facilitate the ball. Trey clearly wasn't playing that game was he? Nah, I know Trey.


Trey is a great passer. Hey I just, Nah think Trey, you know when you get to that point it's like dang, I've been doing this for seven years. We had a super high, they went to the Eastern conference finals. It was a super high moment. And then ever since then it's been Lowe's. Right? You getting hurt. All type of stuff has been Lowe's and sometimes it's just like man I need a fresh start. And I think he just need a fresh story with San Antonio. I think just Deonte just played with a like a another bucket getter better than Trey. Trey kind of want to be that guy bro. I just, I mean well he was in San Antonio de they got different stories like Trey came in the league, it's been his team since he came in the league. Yeah. Deante set the bench, worked his way up with the Spurs.


He know how to play in a, in a system, all that. Exactly. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. If it's not the Spurs, where is another team you could see Trey Young going to for the lack of defense. Obviously a lot of people say Lakers, I'm like I can see that working offensively but defensively, I don't know. 'cause they already got To get get rushed to getting our rush. Yeah. DeAngelo Russell. Yeah. De on somebody else to get Trey there. Think Deo been playing great off the bench though. He has ever since they had a little spat with him and JJ he been playing what? Lakers on the wind streak as well. So I don't know if they looking to do any moves like that. But It's Tom. Yeah I feel like re Without you. He said off without You bro. So Who would you on the Lakers to get? Tre him. That's, that's a hell of a question. I mean Yeah, Austin Reed's outta there bro.


Oh no way. Nah LeBron ain't letting that happen. We got, we got the new, we got the new one, got the Revamp connect. He got the, he got the, nah he got connect LeBron, you know LeBron don't like to me people, he trusts a res dribbled that basketball bro. He ain't that up. LeBron post him so we know bro. Just like how you did the rest of them were little LeBron used to post boys. If LeBron show you love you'd pack your bags bro. I did. Brenda Gro. Yeah bro wrote, wrote a whole novel about Brenda Gro. Remember Taylor Horton Tucker Height them. He's the truth. Set that boy to you. Talk God damn bro. If he, if he like you you're done. So ar be careful. Be careful If he write something about your your For real bro. That's how it go. It was, he wrote something about, I remember just the Brandon Ingram some Nap Pier.


Oh yeah he was done, didn't he draft him off the strip and then he went there. No work wasn't there drafted and left. Damn. Hey Pat Rally we out of pocket for that though. We gotta blame Pat for that one but damn that's, You can't but nah for real. You can't just get anybody for Tre Young. Nah, nah you, you gotta get somebody that's worth at least assets for sure. I'll say San Antonio just because they got so many young players and they got assets. Yeah, for sure. Know what I mean. They got draft picks and stuff like that so for sure that's a seamless move. A couple other games last Nightcap K Pekin won 28 to a hundred belt to ass situation. Your boy Ty Jerome at 29. Y said 27 in the first half. He was hooking last night. I told you man I can't keep saying it but Kenny knows how to build confidence in his guys.


I mean I think y'all seen him when y'all watched the Boston game. You see a K kid like Porter come off the bench and have a night. Yeah. And then the next night you see Todd Jerome go for 27 in the first half. It's like he builds confidence throughout the team. Hmm. Makes a lot of sense man. Shout out to the minivan getting smooth 20 piece yesterday as well man. And they said he upgraded, he the GWA out there. Oh Definitely not the gwa. He said a ging on g wagging on 18 Saturday Raid band for sure. The white pull up And snatch them up. That was some wicked shit too. I tell people Hey, that show was wicked. Yeah bro, because that's the kidnap van for real Bro.


That's the bed with no windows. Yeah and they doing the, they doing the the blue light testing there. They wilding. That was wild. They was wild. Niggas beds was filthy. They've hated my bed in 2009 as the new crib. That motherfucker looked like cow spots on that motherfucker. You Hear A little bit of leopard on that motherfucker. Oh me Hip. She, them them three cows was through nigga. And the sad part, that's why I was like, damn, I was really out of pocket used to crack shit. And then I'm like damn, you supposed to wash those shit bro. We laying that Moving. We're never getting commercial out this show.


We gonna, I use that shit sometimes, sometimes all the time. No, no that shit make oh make my itch, make it. Y'all Nasty. Y'all Making a commercial Y'all, y'all can relate though. Y hit some shit and just laid What y what Deter y'all use that not be y business but Arm And Hammer bro. I I, yeah I be having to use that 'cause time be making my skin itch sometimes whatever's on sale. But back the NBA the Rockets beat the shit out the Pacers last night. One 30 to one 13. That nigga having a sensitive skin is crazy. I do, but you see like I do. I I do. For real. You serving soaps and shit. Ah, serving deodorant. Take care of yourself. King


Ever tried to tackle a home improvement project without making 10 trips to Home Depot. What if I told you there's a way to earn cash back while you shop? Introducing Drop the Ultimate Rewards app with Drop. You can earn free gift cards by shopping in store or online at Home Depot and tons of other stores. Download the Drop app today and use code Drop three three to get an instant $5 in points. That's drop your Go-to for shopping rewards.


You guys know I'm always up for a good MVP story and one of the best is the story of Wasabi Technologies. Wasabi is purpose built to free businesses from skyrocketing storage costs and unpredictable egress fees from old and top heavy legacy providers. You know the big guys Wasabi is the world's hottest cloud storage company becoming the go-to provider for professional and collegiate sports teams and leagues around the world. And here's why. From wasabi's AI enabled intelligent media storage, wasabi Air to the industry's only cloud storage service. With triple protection against cyber criminals, data deletion and ransomware, Wasabi's taken the lead in driving innovation and data storage eliminating overhead wear. It matters to deliver you results you can count on and won't break the bank. In fact, wasabi is up to 80% less than those other guys and doesn't charge a cent for businesses to access their own data. Wasabi another championship story. Check them out for free@wasabi.com.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year, SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started


Now streaming on Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the Best and created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't care for what Ms. Kaler thinks. He's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of stick out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 Years known cross I'll to trust his Gut against inside's head with clocks ticking. It was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can because I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. Watch now.


Attention Parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes Guardian bike special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest steal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


Listen man, we got our whoop last night. Tyree Hall Burton sitting him down for the season. Man. Four at eight. Clearly don't look like the Tyree Celebr Burton. We know to see who can play basketball. Well half of the team is injured anyway. Come on man. Listen, why did he no limit soldiers? Why? Why Did he have four points yesterday? I, I don't know. 'cause I can guard him. Oh, I can wait until y'all see the podcast today. Him being one for six, That's all he took was six shots. Yeah, he three I remember was a point last year had two. Bro, you got Max do it. Yeah. Sit. That's why I said I, for real, honestly, at this point, if the entire team is gonna be this injured, bro, sit Tyrese down piece skills. Go get your Allstar. Why is he injured?


I mean, apparently no, because if he's just playing like this off the shift, then it's a different conversation bro. But I don't believe he's healthy. I don't sometimes, you know, bro, confidence is a motherfucker. Facts when you lose that shit, man. I, I've been there. I lost confidence before you start. I told you I was on fast breaks and I was scared to shoot layups. I was rather shoot a three. Damn, when I was in Boston, I had missed so many layups. The Real Ben Simmons. Yeah. Nah, I was shoot three so that nigga wouldn't shoot layups or threes. That Nigga did a hook shot yesterday. I said somebody punch him in his fucking chin. I can't wait. They finally, he was, I was hook shout for you to pass up the lifts and to turn around and do a hook.


It's crazy man. Start fishing bro. But unless you, there's a back injury with Tyre. Nothing's been reported. I don't know, but I don't care. Sit him down if he's gonna play like this, bro. My boy be healthy bro. Was it 16 and 11? Well, yeah, 16. 16 or eight? 16. 16. Eight. That's a good year though. I mean, no, he's had some ter That's my, he's had some terrible fucking games this season. So you know what's crazy? Like 15 eight in 2008. Boy you was killing, you was a 2007. You was a great NB player. You was about 60 million. Dude. Oh God. Like niggas was like damn. Having a great year. Well that 15 eight right now is a 55. I'm just super max. So My only beef is, and you know I ain't shit, I ain't played the NBA but you playing these minutes bro.


It's a lot of minutes. The NBA game is only 48 minutes. I Many minutes he playing a game. That's a lot bro. We playing 30. That's way more than you bro. We are hurt. We don't have no other guards Bro. I don't care bro. How many minutes you average playing in the NBA money? Right. How often did you see them type of numbers? I ain't never get to play that much. Oh, all right. I'll start. Ain't I wish Bud. Yeah man, we, we injured right now, so. No. But you're playing with other players bro. And you a point guard I 10? Yeah, 15 to eight. My thing with him is at least shoot the ball? Yes. That's at least shoot the ball's What I'm saying bro, We can't play a full game. Half my NBA career average 16 minutes ago. I, no, that's in Milwaukee.


Damn. Getting some tick. Fuck I was playing 16 minutes. Okay. Yeah, 26 minutes a game. You definitely got some in Milwaukee like go look at the year. Our best year in Atlanta. And you played a whole year with the paces. My boy trying to get paid. That was contract year for sure. Oh you what? I'm I never hurt 30 was my highest in Atlanta. Alright. Yeah Bud wasn't there. Damn. Yeah, but that's what I'm saying though. The game is 48 minutes. So he really only played half the NBA career. For real? Yeah, like half the minutes that he was presented, you know what I'm saying? So for Tyrese for you to have a green light bro go for 40 damn Pace.


I played every game. Yeah, but you trying to get paid. I was trying to show them I love it. Hear. Shout to Minnesota 82. Hey song. Shit. What? How many y'all play the next year in Minnesota? 42. Seven 70. I gave him 70. Oh 70 then 42, 34. My boy did P last year in Minnesota. Oh yeah. Damn. Straight to the bank with this. That is wild. Yeah. Well soon Patriot a shout to the rockets and took care of business. Man, That nigga fuck half a game. That nigga play half a season Surgery bro. He got Ed, it got, I ain't know that. See that's the same year.


34, 25. But I'm saying the yo minutes though. For real bro. Like you only played 26 minutes. Your average, your whole career, y'all niggas is getting blessed. The opportunity and if you had a green light and you could shoot the ball 20 times, you're gonna shoot it. Yeah. Oh yeah. I, I'm like we talked about with D Rose man, everybody want that moment where a coach tell you be yourself. Yeah. And you go out there and shoot 20 times, you know. But some to where it's just confidence bro. When you lose that confidence a little bit, you start second guessing stuff that you just naturally good at. Like he was missing threes earlier and now you can tell him he kind of not pulling the trigger like he once was. Yeah. And he not getting the same separation he was getting last year when he was healthy last year, he was getting no space to where it was. He can get that off now. It's like I'm here so he ain't even taking him.


But also people know your game now. Like they came on not saying people didn't know Tyre's game but when he was in Sacramento he was catching shoot really came off that high pick and roll made passes. They go under, he shoot a three and he was making shots. But last year Indiana, when he started getting loose, we ain't really know him like that. Like he going left step back. Right. All that stuff they ain't know. But now everybody know. Yeah like oh when he put the, he gotta put that ball on that right hand. When he get that ball on that right hand he dangerous. Hell yeah. They keeping it out that right hand. And realistically too, the thing that separates last year is like we paid at a tempo that everybody wasn't ready for. Everybody's like, all right, we know they gonna play fast as hell. We ready for them And we had to execute at a very high level to win those games.


Even playing that fast. Now we a little bit slower and we heard Teams is ready for that but, and y'all used to make shots last year? We listen man, it's, I had, y'all was making shots but it all started with him killing. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all was making shots. Yeah. Them hardest Too. Them hardest is injured. Knee Smith is injured bro. We have six people out right now. What's wrong with them though? For real? Are these like injuries? No, these are, these are not just niggas chilling. All they have like knee, ankle stuff that they gotta sit week or two for. Mm. Yeah we, we have a lot of people injured for sure. See this is when y'all need Nihart. This is when he shines real, like moments like that when people was out them hard is when he be, you know that's when he becomes valuable. But he's hurt too. So. Yeah man. Get well soon. Thunder took care of the Blazer yesterday. 1 0 9 to 99.


Isaiah Hart's first game with the squad. He had 13 to 14. Look like he did last year in New York. That's all they need him. That's All they needed, boy. That's all he needed. SG 28. And I want to ask y'all, Jaylen Williams 38 and seven, is he a Western conference? Allstar? No. Yes, Yes, yes. I I think if he keeps playing at the level he is right now bro. How he He don't have to. Oh I mean for sure but listen, yes bro. He's an all star. If they end up top Two. I love Jaylen Williams game. It is just deep out west so far. Star power. So what do you think he gotta be the average if he, if they're a top three C he averaging 22. Nah, If they in that and like I said I love Jaylen Williams game but they have to be up there then they have to get like, you know Golden State, Draymond, clay, that type of shit. He, He'd make the All Star team over to Draymond But if they No of course, but I'm saying he Saying like the top team getting multiple kids, The top team getting most, they have to be a top team for him to get the no over of.


You know who You think is. So if you had to say All Stars, you know you got Yoic, You got, you got John Morant, you got John not gonna Make it. You Got, y'all been out Too long. You got James hard James Well he he might get in because of fan vote. Yeah. Yeah but you gotta play a certain amount of games. It is like the fan vote don't mean as much as it used to try. It's like 25% I think. But I think he'll be okay 'cause he'll be probably back in the next week or so. So I mean even if he missed early on, I think hey James, hard you got K, you got Bull James Hard not gonna make it over. You got Book can make it. Book can make it Sacramento. D. Fox be Also D Fox got deer Fox Luca's gonna be an Allstar. Luca Kyrie He'll make it over Kyrie. Hmm. Not that it is Right but he how how how it goes for sure.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying even go through Lakers ad's gonna get it. LeBron's gonna get it clearly. And the only reason I say he would make it is 'cause Chet Homegrown is out and people was talking about how valuable he is 'cause he started playing the five basically. Yeah. And he's averaging 21 6 5. I won't Jay make it. It just, it just be hard if you're not a top team to send multiple people. That's all I'm saying. Or The star power. 'cause like you said, sometimes you get buried behind. Yeah bro. People we know we more familiar with but he, he's killing like you said he played basketball the right way and with ch being and now him and SGA being the quote unquote bigs until they just got crazy bro. It's Crazy. They can play, they can play five guards though. They Was doing it. Everybody can score. Oh that's how they play. Yeah. When The bigs was out he was starting at the five. He was was guard the other night he Was che seven foot though y'all Huh?


Chad's seven foot But he been out, Che been out. So that's what I'm saying. Since check got hurt, Jalen Williams was starting at the five. That's why A SGA got punched on because he was help out. He the only person who helps out. He was guarding what's the Collins against the Spurs? Zach Collins? Yeah dude posting him mugs. He fronting him and album. I'm like this dude here is unbelievable Bro. Everybody can get a bucket on that team And it's crazy 'cause I had, Hardan had a possession yesterday bro. Where he threw two behind the back passes like consecutively. It was crazy. He threw the first one messed up, got it back and threw it again. I was like yeah they gonna be all right man. Well check it back. They gonna be dangerous bro. For sure. And last but not least, the Clippers took care of the magic yesterday. 1 0 4 to 93. I was hot on this game 'cause France Wagner so on me, I had a wonderful parlay. It wasn't a crash out but it was good money.


I needed him to get 25 last night and he did not. But we not enough. I believe he had 16 boy 14 schedule. I know you gambling boys be hurt. I was sick. I said bro you've been averaging above 23. You used average 30 for the last week and now you wanna take a night off of la. My boys turned up man my Dms was crashing yesterday. Oh yeah you messed up somebody's lives. We would get to that point. When I say niggas went back to them comments. See that's what y'all do. So niggas be like oh be here da. Soon as my shit don't fall through. Oh they back. Weak ass nigga. I knew it wasn't gonna work. Fuck y'all On that. Yeah niggas be on that. Yeah. Yeah. That's why Y'all continues Wish YA couple days.


I ain't gonna lie. Did that bit too though. I told like this shit about it bro. I hope you didn't tell him 500. Yeah I told him a hundred put a hundred. I think it's gonna hit that's yeah, a couple of games tonight. Start off Thursday night football Steelers at Browns. Come on man. Get healthy bro. Get well soon. Jay Ball get healthy bro. Shout to Rashan. Watson still playing? No, no he's not Wilson to the browser a long time. Oh my boy. Jay Winston playing my bro. Yeah. Jay Ball. Shout to the seals. They gonna probably get that Dub PIs at Hornets two be of the week. Woo. Hornets. Hornets. You got Oh I'm I'm a Pising fan.


Hey Ball Point guards the Melo Var Kite Cunningham. Let's get it. Come on bro. That's hopefully Melo played the last come on Charles Lee. I I bet he won't do that again. People call me about that. I was like damn my bad. I didn't know how to say anything bad but get how you live. Alright. T Wils at Raptors. Of course we're going with the wolves man. Going with the wolves? Yeah. I don't know. Toronto. Toronto a good time. Hey no. Hey you might add Toronto too, you know? Yeah. In the video That plays a part with The Raptors take the under all after. Yeah we're sentencing tonight. The personnel. Him and you know him and jr. I'm gonna take the rap, take the under. I ain't mad at that. Listen, if you are a betting man, start tapping with RJ Barrett.


He will win you some bread. That's all. I'm gonna say jazz at Spurs. That is the double header of the Tuby Classic. 'cause that's a nasty game. That's nasty. Work wouldn't be out too. I believe so. That is gross man. Jazz. Yeah if you watching that, you are a real fan out of pocket. I don't even know who to pick it at. Who cares? I'm taking Jazz Magic at Lakers. I'm gonna take the Lakers. Yeah I'm gonna take the Lakers and I ain't been on the Magic again. Watch Friends Walker go off today and I'm gonna be tight. Six people get 35 a night. Been Playing so good. I love to see them playing good without Pablo man. Okay. I wish he was healthy man. He was gonna be a all star for sure. Yeah, he saw a couple more weeks. I can't wait till he get back in the season for sure. Man, they already got it rolling when he get back in. They gonna be tough to deal with for sure. Hey man, we got some dope games coming over this weekend.


Shout out to the hometown IU takes Owen, Ohio State at Ohio State. Oh they about number five, number Two. We want some pus. That is not they fight song. They told us that you were real Red and white. Who fight song is that? I used The Hoosiers. We used to go to the tailgate at little five. Hey we want some pus. Hey that's where they that's talking Who? That's what they say after that. Who's your bitch after that? Shoulda iu. That's a hell of a season. You know what I mean? That's, that's what's up for them to be undefeated. 'cause they basketball team ain't really been you know type they No, but I'm saying though Last year they was down but they gonna be solid shit.


For sure. What I'm saying, football team bringing back that tradition is dope because we done never cared about how U football bro. They, this is their best season ever. They lit right now. That's what I'm saying. So that's dope to see. Both programs is doing Well man. Shout out to the il Eric. But I listen man IU, all they have to do is not lose this game bad if they go into this game and lose by a touchdown, they steal good money. They steal good money. I think they going to get demolished. You think gonna get smacked? Yeah, at Ohio seven they about to get Ohio State chair. I hate the hype. Yeah. Behind iu. Shit. I've been seeing shit on Twitter. Yeah They hate it. Yeah, they hate it now but come on now. Hometown. What if they win this game? IU being in the college playoff is crazy. If iu, if I you win, I'm gonna get a shirt. Yeah, If I was Malcolm Asia I'd pull up, Shout out to Malcolm.


Man, that's crazy. Last but not least man, Colorado, I want to ask you be here. They got two games left. It gets Kansas. Who ain't doing nothing? No Ohio. I mean, excuse me, Oregon State. I thought Oklahoma State. Oklahoma State. Damn. I don't mess everything up. I'm out of pocket. Wrong OSU. Hey Colorado, go 10 to two. Oh yeah bro, we, they Can close out the last two games. We've exceeded all expectations if they Go 10 to two bro, that is amazing. I swear that's amazing bro. You know what happens if they go 10 to two Right. College playoff, right? Nah, where buy by Colorado. Dion is getting a job with his son. He gonna be the head coach. His son gonna be the quarterback. It's up. It's not Stop. He argenx gonna Vegas Cowboys. They win the big 12. Right? If they win the, what are they? The PAC 12, what are 10? Fuck they big 12.


Nah, they ain't the big 12. They in the PAC 12. My career Dj. He's Not. Nah they ain't in big 12. He's not leaving bro. Kansas in the big 12. I want y'all to stop putting that in the air. Don't manifest that bro. We got a playoffs come in, ain't Yeah everything gets switched up so much. Yeah they ain in the big 12. Yeah, if they, they win this, they probably win the big 12. Right. I they go to the conference game, the championship game I believe did they win the outright but they went outright. That's the pressure We tend and two baby it don't matter. We don't care about none of that. We've exceeded our expectations. Oh. I ain't really tapped football like that so I apologize y'all. But Yeah, everybody thought we was gonna be sad this year. Shout out to the Dionne in the gang. Shout out to BYU. Shout out to shout. BYU gonna win. They took the L last week too. Oh yeah, we was hurt.


Damn. They got, they need BYU to lose Go buffs. They already lost one man. They, they, they got snook last week as team they playing so they better be on they Ps and Q's. But all I'm gonna say is this man great year for the buffs for cross high goes Deion Sdo hack up to Dallas baby. Nah, that's the hell get the bags ready man. That's crazy bro. The turnaround that he had in two years, bro. That Two years that man won one game. Dang. That's crazy. That turnaround Crazy. See that one with a silence y'all. I Ain't gonna lie Dion. I disrespect, I I disrespected not really disrespected y'all. I was just talking shit but Mm, y'all really are. That's really impressive bro. I'm really like a fan of that.


Like, because to see somebody take a team, that was shit. I, I'm li listen to take somebody that was bad and then like get them to where they at and they like top tier. I told y'all rappers are still gonna pull up. He got big extra plug performing in the halftime and in the locker room. The culture baby. Yeah, it is. It never is gonna change y'all. I told y'all. So you think he he's staying this year? He's Has to bro. He has to bro. No he doesn't bro. No Bro. I don't know why he need Do You think the Cowboys offer him a job? He's not gonna take it. Fuck no. He don't even wanna work in the NFL bro. If the Cowboys offer him the head coach position and they're promising his son's going to be the quarterback, he's going there, he's going there.


You can always go back to college football. He's going there bro. Well no you could always go to the NFL. I'm Deion Sanders. You just seen what I did on every level bro. But I'm, I went to high School, he really raw. I went to high school bro. Dion's the goat. He Really raw went to high school, did my thing. I went to a black college that y'all destroyed me for leaving. I revamped that program. Jackson State is actually good in football this year. Actually he turned them up. Yeah. So I turned brought BET for real. The real BET to Jackson State. Yeah. Then I go to Colorado where I only won one game. I get paid like bro, I can, the ball is in my court for sure. He don't have to be in Dallas, bro. Them was grown paid men bro. He don't wanna deal with them attitudes bro. I think he love helping kids go to the next level, bro.


I'm always saying that because he could have the opportunity to coach his son in that situation. That's why I'm saying that if it wasn't for that situation, I, I don't think he would Bothered. I think he over That. You think so? Yeah bro. He want his son to be his own man now, bro. You in the NFL now. I got you dude. It's time to go. You, You know he probably don't care. He Shiloh can go to the, to the brown house. He ain't fucking with Shiloh. He gonna send somebody with Shiloh. Shiloh gonna be on five 20. Dion Jr. Probably go with Shiloh, you know what I mean. Shout to Dion. Man. I, Jeff, I'm saying Terrell with Mo go take care of the family. No, I'm serious though. Like I'm talking about so far it's him like Mr. T won't fuck with deal bro. He Was, he Was, he got the factory sold up bro.


We, we, we chilling. There's no reason bro. Hey Mrs. No Reason Mr. T would've moved you to Atlanta. That would've been hilarious. I've never asked. I would've, I would've. No, No. That's what I'm saying. Like, I'm bro, I'm grown now bro. At some point we gotta, You gotta let me be, gotta gotta let him be free. Yeah and his dad already, they live in Dallas. They from Dallas. You know what I'm saying? Shout to Colorado man. Great season verified buckets be here. Who was getting to it last night? I'm gonna give it to nasty gni. That's what boy called me. Oh Remember he called him G I'm gonna give it to him though. 41 and nine and eight. That's fire. Nah, Giannis definitely they On the road too. That's what's up. He went crazy. I'm gonna show some love Jordan b, he been getting a lot of smule his name.


Some of it rightfully so. But listen, 35 and 35. Who was killed last night? I'm gonna give my verified bucket to Kat. I know I always mess about Kat and his voice, but Kat been killing this year. He, he all star this year. He been having a hell of a year going to New York. Where's a whole bunch of media circus around you and a big time place to play Ain't for you to step up like that and show that you a true all star and been killing all you. I'm rocking with it for sure man. You gotta respect it. Like you said, it's so crazy that he got traded so late in this situation. Like they didn't have a great season last year. Like they didn't have one of the best seasons that, that the timber would have ever had. And for him to come into a city like you said, where pressure's on you bro and you ain't the strongest mentally person and for him to go out there and perform.


Gotta show respect bro. Yeah. Who the hell is Lou? Will Louis Williams? Who was Lou Will. Oh. So did y'all see Well, so Lou will Said who the hell is Lou? He's crazy. Did you see the, Oh no, not my nigga. Of course Shout the Underground. Yeah bro. He had a story. He came out recently. He was talking about how he was, you know what I'm saying, playing for the Clippers and he got too lit the night before it came in the game and hoop. And he would change. Like listen man, I got in the game two turnovers immediately and then I went to Doc and was like, look bro, I'm, I'm drunk. Oh when Doc told me you gonna play regardless. Yeah, he, oh y'all talking about y'all just be throwing shit in here bro. I'm like now who the hell in the NBA is? Lou Will you was Supposed to that by the Way. Oh, okay. My phone. Shout to Lou. Will we getting 25 in the fourth? Man, it's Thursday.


Throw back Thursday buckets. Man you drunk getting 25 in the fourth. You cold man. One of the best to ever do it. For sure. Yeah. Yeah. He get buckets bro. Last but not least man, be here who need some encouragement on this wonderful Thursday morning. Get well soon. Your boy with a back injury. Tyree Hallberg, man. Oh. I'm like you gotta you gotta clarify that brother. Y'all said it. You got it. I said it Get healthy Tyree. Man. We need that to get verified. If you, If you hurt bro, get healthy bro. Because get back to being you bro. With confidence bro. Sit My man's down man. Lay him chill bro. T we ain't got nothing play for right now. Everybody hurt. We gotta Get Well bro, I can't tell you more bro, Bro. We can do it whatever we need bro. Get that confidence back bro.


Hey man, I'm gonna show some love man to Jared Allen. Get well soon to Jamal Kane, your boy stretch caught a body last night, man. Did. He did. Who Trick Jar Allen. Oh, he, he punched on some buttons. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy work. And last but not least get well soon. Jalen Green Man. Miles Was starting to punch on him yesterday so crazy. One of the, the bright spots in yesterday's game was belt to ass. Young Miles would've dunk. Yeah, okay. Oh that wasn't shit nigga. I thought it was body to body. No, Chris Brown, body to body. Nah, that wasn't it. That wasn't shit. That's Hey, he can it your ass off the paint lil nigga. Like What Shas break news off.


Hey Damn Luca out. Oh It just is Rich. Use your other one. Luca said I, I'm Ambs. What? What You use for man? What? Use your risk for what? You moving the pot? Ain't no pot nigga the handle on me. Oh man. Hey man, try to win some people the money man. You got everybody crashing up this week. Ain't nobody want no paper man. Send people to weekend. Right? I'm sorry but fuck y'all. Y'all know what it is A MLO ball tonight. 25 points MLO Ball tonight. Eight rebounds. Damn. Anthony Edwards.


30 points. Rudy Goldberg, 12 Rebounds. Anthony Davis, 25 Prince Waner. 20 points Lori Marketing 25 points thousand dollars wins total of 67,000. Baby Please say that one more time for the people. A thousand dollars bro. Yes sir. Listen, go crazy bro. It's the weekend bro. Christmas is coming up. Some of y'all got a fun Thanksgiving 'cause y'all poor ass families, a thousand dollars 67,000 is your winner for this evening. Always. Fellas. The crown is yours. Who's open? A thousand bro. Shout to people. Paper Thousand.


That's why it's available to bad Shout to people with the Piper man. Hey B, you play with some Mike Mortgage right now. Yeah bro. People just start using that. He a SA play. You trying run up a rack For Hey man, this this podcast and this show. We have a broad audience so you know what I mean. It's a lot of people who go to job and it's a lot of scam that watch this shit. So everybody in Atlanta, this bed is for you. Shout out to everybody Houston with no jobs getting to it. We appreciate y'all. Listen man in Atlanta, this is for you. Fuck you. Shout out to the Hey listen man, we appreciate y'all. We'll try better next week. We will see y'all on Monday. Have a good weekend. Be safe. Five 20 In The Morning. Yep. Yep. The Volume.


Vitamin Water is from New York. We needed a drink that can keep up with the music scene in the city. We gotta see our favorite DJ perform in Brooklyn at 3:00 AM or sing karaoke in the village also at 3:00 AM Drink Vitamin Water. It's from New York.


Wasabi Technologies is purpose built to free businesses from skyrocketing storage costs and unpredictable egress fees from those old and top heavy legacy providers. You know the big guys? Wasabi is the go-to provider for professional and collegiate sports teams around the world. From Wasabi's AI enabled intelligent media storage, wasabi Air to the industry's only cloud storage service. With triple protection against cyber criminals, wasabi is driving innovation in data storage all for up to 80% less than those other guys. Try them out for free@wasabi.com


S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go? go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the stable boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable or organic cotton and moisture-wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.