
This is an iHeart Podcast.


Get ready for July 4th with early savings at Lowe's. Get up to 40% off select major appliances and get an additional 10% off, two or more select major appliances. These deals are coming in hot Lowe's. We help you save valid through seven nine. Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com. For more details, Visit your nearby Lowe's on Dulles Crossing Plaza in Sterling.


Discover the life-changing benefits of Meow Greens for your cat. Ever see your cat slowing down or having health issues and wonder what can I do to make them better? Well, my friend, add Meow Greens to your cat's food for 90 days And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings, I'm naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black invent of Meow Greens and I invite you to take the Meow Green's 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coats and increased energy. By day 60, your cat will have a stronger immune system, less shedding improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days, they're gonna have better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, and you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch a free jumpstart trial bag for your cat today. Go to try meow greens.com. Use promo code. Try meow. That's try MEOW. You discover the shipping. You don't have to change your cat's food. To improve your cat's health, just add a packet of Meow Greens.


Welcome to it. Takes energy presented by energy transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas, oil and gas driver, our economy. Ensure our country's security and open pathways to brighter futures. What do You know about oil and natural gas? You likely associate them with running your car or heating your home, but these two natural resources fuel so much more than that. More than 6,000 consumer products that we rely on every day are made using oil and gas. Before you even step out the door In The Morning, you've already used more products made possible because of oil and gas than you realize from the toothpaste you brush your teeth with the soap you washed your face with and the sheets you slept on. Not to mention your makeup. Contact lenses, clothes and shoes, oil and gas are vital parts of all these products and so many more. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it. To learn more, visit energy transfer.com.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute. Season one taser Incorporated. I get right back there and It's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The volume. Good morning, happy Thursday. It's five 20 in the Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a full house this morning. We gott. We got Lou, we got Mo. We got Bishop fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening bro? Bro, What's what up? What up? What up? Come on man. I know y'all was on the stream last night for the draft man, but let's talk about it man. Shout to the NBA draft. First round concluded last night with the second round to do tonight. How y'all feel about that? Y'all like that it split up? Nah, that's weird. Just get it all done on the same day, bro. This ain't football. Well I mean shit, we left 12 picks at 10 o'clock. So what? Nah, what? What's the name go, what time it go?


15. 15. 15 picks at 10 o'clock. So it would've been late bro. It would've been over midnight getting through that draft. Get people that day, that time period. Honestly, I feel like they need to that that clock needs to go a little bit faster bro. It is. Yeah, because don't draft me at two In The Morning. Yeah, Because today we gonna watch the second round. For real. Other than the people, families and stuff. Yeah, That's what really matters though bro. But I mean like you want people to look at it. You want everybody see your moment. Yeah man listen, y'all need 90 seconds man. Y'all been locked in all year. Y'all got whole teams. Who y'all gonna draft? Very few of y'all gonna make trades man. Let's speed this up man. Y'all ain't thinking that long. Man. Y'all making phone calls and all the other stuff for the draft can say Man, let's go straight to it man. The number one pick.


Obviously Cooper Flagg taking this talents down to Dallas. Man, we all seen that coming. But Dallas's got a whip man. They got a squad bro. I mean we seen this coming. We knew he was going there since forever. Kyrie come back boy. It's gonna get ugly. I don't know. You see what that what Nico said. Hey, hope y'all to tone it down this year. Yeah. Let some of that disrespect fall by the wayside. Yeah, boy, you look like a genius now. When Kyrie supposed to be back? Probably January. Couldn't imagine Probably till, yeah, next, next year after Christmas. If they, if they can stay Healthy. Yeah. Within like the six or seven. See they could probably, when Kyrie come back they could be about four. They gotta go find a guard.


Yeah. Yeah They they gonna get A guard. Yeah, they gonna grab one. But I'm saying if they can stay 26 or seven they could be top four on Kyrie comeback. They can win it though. He can get 'em over the hump. Well I wouldn't rush Kyrie back. I'll even kind of give him to February and March. As long as you good to go for the playoffs. That's really kind of all we need you for. Yeah, this a championship team. We don't need all that. Get ready for the playoffs. He he toured in January. Yeah, he be back in January. Yeah bro, that's 12 months. Ain't don't took a year. He toed in March. Yeah. Oh he tore it in March? Yeah, he torn in March. Oh Well shit, all he, That's what I'm saying bro. Come back after, You know what I'm saying? Valentine's Day. See if you feel like you good March will come around. Cool. We just really need you to get going for April bro. My mama.


Yeah, he not playing next year it's over. Damn. Nah. Yeah, March is kind of tough. Yeah, he not Playing well that went fast. Two months he went, nah January. I thought he toured in January. That's a big difference bro. January, March Man he gonna come back and rock out. Especially if they looking like they can contend with something. Nah bro. He sitting this year out Crazy bro. We toured in March bro. He for him to be normal, he probably play, Kyrie gonna Play. That's why he signed that long term deal sitting out. I Think they still gonna be a playoff team though. Yeah because they gonna grab him a solid guard. They gonna be cool this year. Well obviously Drew Holiday don't want to be in Portland so go get him.


Oh yeah. Figure It out. Who? That'd be crazy. They Get Drew Holiday as the championship team. Insane. That's not fair. Who? You can't score anybody on that team bro. If Drew Holiday go to that team, he might be one of the luckiest players that like he play on some great teams bro. He Do bro. But he is very, very important to each team he land on A hundred percent. Yeah bro. And they definitely, You know what I'm saying, Philly effects when he leaves for sure. Yeah. I would love for him. I'm rolling with that now let's go to Dallas. I know he said listen Portland, I never put on a uniform. Quit playing with me. What think I do man? Trey Naji, Marshall, Trey. He owe Dante X him. You might have to give up. I have Spencer.


You might put, you might have to put Gaffer in there or something. I don't know about that one now what you mean they got lively? They have to though. But we talked about that. Yeah they gotta a log jam at the big position. But that might be cool. Really we got live, we got ad and You know ad tends to miss time from time to time. Yeah. That's why they load up. That's why. But I mean you could trade PJ Washington. You can get PJ Washington. Mm okay. Some other people. I like PJ Washington. I like PJ Washington on that squad too. But you could train him and get Drew Holiday for It. Sure. He undersize anyway. You could get Drew Holiday. You would trade him PJ Washington? Yeah he undersize Anyway. It's cool And shout out to PJ contributor in that team. Reason why they Did very Well for sure.


But now you got Cooper Flagg so the minutes gotta go somewhere. That's a fact. Yeah. Yeah you gotta go, you gotta slide, gotta gotta move PJ around for sure man. Bright Future in Dallas for sure. The number two pick then Harper to the Spurs You know said there was a lot of conversations, lot of chatter. They might move it. They was doubling down on it. Even with the D Aren Fox conversations. They said we happy. Well we got it too. How y'all feel about that man? I like it. Yeah I don want him. I don't want him to go nowhere. It's gonna be a quality team Of course. But kind of like what Jeff was saying, if he got to go to Phoenix or somewhere, we really get to see him rock out. For real. For real. Yeah. But he's still gonna have a a good year. I'm glad he get to play with some good players and learn. Yeah, I mean I think that I, I don't know how it's gonna work.


I mean 'cause Stefan Castle probably deserve a start now. Yeah but but I don't Do you start him like that? Do you keep bringing Castle off the bench and then let Dylan Harper take CP spot as a starter? I don't know what I've seen in some of the mock lineups is obviously not official 'cause I ain't from a team but you got D Aren Fox that the one castle up the two Bael to three Barnes at the four Win be at the five. They need to go get a big though. Yeah they met. Huh? They have to go get a big back up big Immediately. I'm nothing. I don't like that mean Stefon Castle has to start. They need a big, he has to. Yeah, there's no conversation. Yeah I'm, I'm nothing though. Who you say at the four Harrison Barn?


I Don't nothing on that. I'm nothing on that father. I mean he be hoofing though. He do bro. But we gotta get a better piece for him bro. Well they got Carter Bryant at the 14th pick, which a lot of people didn't expect him to slide that low. They said a lot of potential in him. Six eight Wing really good defender. And see obviously he's gonna be a project but he's gonna be able to get on court 'cause of his defense. Yeah but I watched him play his offense. He not ready on offense shit. Yeah I seen him so he is a project but I just feel like they gotta get something for Brazil or Harrison Bar. Somebody gotta get traded bro. Yeah they, they needed a big bro. I wish they would've got that, that boy from Duke. Yeah. Yeah. That would've been nasty. Yeah, he a defender. Let win Bero a little bit. Be able to be the Allstar yet but wouldn't be playing a five.


Well it said that the Spurs, you're gonna use their free agency to go get that big that they're looking for to fill the roster out. So they weren't worried about getting in the draft but who you think they gonna get? That is the next great question. I was like who is available that, who wants to leave? I mean I ain't mad at going to the Spurs but who can move the needle for them? I don't know. No free Agent Bigs. Yeah that's too thought provoked right now. I mean maybe you could like you said Portland, they got some pieces. Maybe you wanna get Jeremy Grant. I don't know if they could afford him or work out but he worked right there next to him. Wendy be at the four. But that's a long stretch too. Nah, they got little Wendy play the four. They need to get, they want 7, 5, 4. Basketball is crazy now bro. Yeah they need to get, they need the African kid, I ain't gonna lie. Yeah they need somebody bro.


One, one can't play center. Y'all Basketball is crazy. Why can't he play center? He can play center but his skillset you need somebody. Oh You need a real center or something More close Like a lively or somebody like that bro. Yeah, yeah. Gafford. I know what y'all saying. He a four. He skinny. Yeah he just tall y'all. He just blessed to be tall. Nigga got a real pity petty bro. He trying to get to it But have a seven, five at the four is crazy Move like just the thought of me is holding. It's crazy bro. Basketball, he Bring the ball up because It's Al Pipe be 16. Yeah. Oh yeah. Like five. You know four men just gotta be super physical like okay. Lively would be perfect for them. Yeah. Oh God. I need somebody like that bro. Dallas is not doing that.


Nah, no way but just be an enforcer. That'd be perfect bro. For sure man. But yeah, Dylan Harper man promising future man with a good team around him. I think he's going, he gonna look real good next to you in Fox. Man, I, I really don't like that team no more. I think it gonna be solid. I like the team. Oh yeah, the potential's there. Do you like it better when they could use those assets to get a proven player? Yeah. I, I liked it when I thought they was getting Kevin Durant and then I thought they was picking that big dude. Yeah, that would've been nasty. Yeah, that's when I was like, oh they gonna be hard. I like Dylan Hartford but that made more sense to me. Get KD bringing this this big to play the five. Your team's huge. Yeah. And y'all damn near the best team in every position. Y'all, y'all raw silly.


I don't know That made a lot of sense. Most definitely man. Alright man. We will see man. Shout to the Spurs two pick Dylan Harper. Carter Bryant at the 14th pick as well. VJ Edgecomb at three to the 76 ERs. A lot of people scratch their head about this. Pick love this. That's the guy that was their guy. That's who they wanted. That's what they went and got. They got a lot of confidence in him right now a lot of people, You know what I'm saying, said the, the jump shot, the off the, excuse me, offense is a little questionable but athletically he's gifted so he gonna be, he gonna spot for them like no that's what I'm saying. Like I don't understand. So we pieces now. Yeah that's not a no developmental team. Like we ain't no championship team. Like they got lucky with a high pick. We need somebody that can help us right now.


My boy from Duke went too low. They're African man, he went too low man. Oh me bro. They definitely should have picked him. He did at three. They needed a backup. Big. Come on, You got enough niggas that can get a bucket. Tyree and Jerry McCain 15 to 20 a night. Then We talk about Justin, Edward, Shauna and B don't play bro. Jeff, boy Edwards, whatever his name is tough. Yeah, he had a stretcher. He was averaging 18 for like five straight games. Terrible pick. I shout to V. It is nothing against you bro. I'm just talking about what the team mean. Yeah, I I'm nothing. They would just pay him being like, You know what I'm saying, the backup. That's that second unit being really strong with him. So he should be the backup too on that team. I'm just saying I, I just think Edwards bro, they had got him in a as a still bro.


Would They be starting with, they starting five be they already had, They might look. Yeah, that's Why I'm saying who is he back? Who, how is he in the second unit? Oh who gonna be starting? They already, they already guarded. I'm Confused. Yeah, well if you gonna be starting it's gonna probably be Jeremy McCain and probably Tys Max at your one and two, right? Nah, hell no. You don't think so? It's gonna be Max. They gonna start the same lineup. Jeremy McCain came off the bench then. Yeah So then that's even, That's what I'm saying. Like what we talking about, About, I mean Andrew, that team was kind of decimate but starting Paul George gonna be at the two. Oh so they're going tar Max at the one, PG at the two. Paul starting and then who's at the three? Yeah, PG was definitely starting. I'll put him at the three. Kelly Kelly at the three. Who's at the four?


Whoever they got at the four and didn't beat at the five. Yeah they got drum in, they got, I sat on a stream yesterday. I hope they own JD Davis and him. You can't put Paul George, you gonna put Paul George at the four? Nah no way. Nah you can't. You going Kelly Uber at the four. They got a Yeah I was gonna say Kelly Uber might have to be a four PG at your three. Oh they need a new, they need a, they need a new team. Yeah DJ SCO is not playing on this team. Kelly Re is a shooter. Ooh that's gonna be tough then. Yeah if it goes like y'all said lineup. Well then yeah he will definitely be fighting for some wing minutes for sure. 'cause they got a lot of them. I just don't know, I guess. I guess PG gonna be at the four.


Fuck it. Damn they ain't gonna win no games bro. So they start McCain at the two PG after three and four with Kelly Uber. That team, I don't like that team no more. Yeah they need that to work. They need a small, I mean power for as well man. But hey shout out to Vijay man. They like you so that means you gonna get an opportunity for show. Especially at lottery. They gotta show what you can do. Shout to you man. The hornets con kopple. You know what I feel about that three pick though. It remind me when they got Evan Turner it was like yeah I ain't need Evan Turner. Yeah because Iggy and them was there. Yeah like yeah that really hurting me bro. Yeah he really didn't need, he got picked and never got really a chance and I kind of feel like somebody on they team not gonna get a chance.


Like if they gonna move Paul George or Kelly Uber and them, then I get it. Yeah but but that mean Edwards y'all gotta steal in Edwards like NBA slept on him. Y'all gotta steal. He showed y'all he could play and people from that team like nah he nice. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all seen y'all seen my phone? They like nah he nice for real like yeah I mean we seen him, he was out there hooping. Yeah but when people from, You know what I'm saying over there say yo nah he really nice. That's different. Yeah. You know what I mean? I mean bro, he's no one playing in the country. I knew he was nice. He got out there and hooped every time he got a chance to so they gotta be giving him minutes. But we ain't Depth is something the NBA need.


You gotta have wings. But how tall is he? 6 8, 6 7, 6 8. Dang. So I dunno, shout out to PJ man. I hope we get a chance man to show what he can do for show the athleticism shoots to the charts. That's what got him there to play. Really? But they did, they drafted another dude like that from Texas Tech. I forgot the boy name. I think it was like Zaire Smith or something like that. Yeah, a light-skinned dude he got picked high as hell like top 10. He got hurt though. Yeah but it was all, that's like what Minnesota draft all them point guards. Yeah it was like all athleticism though. And they like oh he's a great athlete. I'm not saying VJ won't be good but I don't know.


Yeah, three. That's probably not what that team really needed at was playing. Yeah, for sure. But shout out to him man, family look really happy man. His mom was crying man like hey man, you changing our life, you're changing our family. That's always fire to see. Man that was dope. That's dope. I'm just saying for the fit for him as a basketball player, I just didn't like that for him. Most definitely


Get ready for July 4th with early savings at Lowe's. Get up to 40% off select major appliances and get an additional 10% off. Two or more select major appliances. These deals are coming in hot Lowe's. We help you save valid through seven nine Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com. For more details, Visit your nearby Lowe's on Dulles Crossing Plaza in Sterling.


Ever notice your dog slowing down and having health issues and wonder what can I do to make em better? Well my friend add Ruff Greens to your dog's food for 90 days And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black inventor of Ruff Greens here and I invite you to give your pup the Ruff Greens 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days you'll see shinier coast and increased energy. By day 60, your dog will have a stronger immune system, less shedding improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, and you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch your dog a free Jumpstart trial bag today. Go to try Ruff Greens dot com. Use promo code, try rough. That's T-R-Y-R-U-F-F. Go to try Ruff Greens dot com. Use promo code. Try rough you discover the shipping. You don't have to change your dog's food to improve your dog's health. Just add a scoop of Ruff Greens.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, but not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser told them From Lava for Good and the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Alright man Con K Apples Charlotte, he in the Hornets man. I man they say the best shooter in the draft. Yeah, Long as they don't turn him into B Red bro, they gonna be all right. Yeah man it needs to be on the team with the sprayer though. He got one, They they put Jelly roll up that said six months in. Yeah, a little balance for them too. Yeah. Dang. Down a little bit. Yeah man I have a lot of pressure to put on him man. Yeah, I mean it is but we, we They, they need somebody that can shoot the ball at a high level though They need a night but it is like they need to revamp that whole organization. I ain't saying it like it's a bad place or nothing but the jail players it's not serious bro. It's not. This is TikTok century over here And it's going to keep being that 'cause y'all best player is the top TikTok in the world Coach.


Yeah, is is Lit. Yes. Shout to Lalo Ball. It ain't even that. It's like the veterans around, You know we love Miles over here. What they got Taj Ty probably done. I don't know that's but it's just like you don't got no quality vets that's playing like even though Taj is a quality vet but Taj, You know what I mean? He he playing but he Ty You know Taj's a cool og. Yeah Taj having fun like them. Yeah. You gotta have somebody that's playing like a Tobias Harris like a true professional. Not saying Taj's not a true professional. He is but he is not playing like a buddy is starting to buy, his hair is starting, he's there. He is there every day. True professional early probably.


Yeah. Teaching him the robes. Not saying that like Miles Bridges is not but he a young player still trying to find his way. He still got hopes to make the All-Star team man shit like that. They got too many people like that. So who's a vet? They could get to do that though. Shit, everybody probably scared Because You know who would fit if you go take that role, you gotta know like damn I could be, you need to have like a four year deal. I can be here for a while. Like if you go a one year deal over there and you try to be the vet, your shit probably over with you fuck around not play no more because they you get with this group and they ass or they don't care. They sick. Yeah you said look at Detroit, the culture turned around quick.


They got a new coach, they got some vest in the locker room. Not to say it was bad but You know what I'm saying. They needed to change and look how quick they turned around. Yeah. Charles C's a good coach. He deserves to have a chance but yeah they, they got a chance. They culture up man. Seventh Element and his super chat says I think that Charlotte Hornets quality had a good draft. They have another bad season. It is a trauma trailer. Mellow. Yeah. If they have another bad season then it is he has to go. Yeah and a lot of people gonna go. Yeah if it gets to that. Yeah he needs to go and just let Brandon Miller have a team bro saying me mellow the Clippers or somebody, it don't matter a good team but just let Brandon Miller have a team bro. Start over. Yeah it's not fair to for little mellow he be the best player in a bad organization.


Like he just came, he got drafted to some shit. For real. He he trying to make the most of it mean He killing bro. He do his thing. They just sad. Yeah. Yeah bro. I in an Allstar team my second year of the league bro. Nah it ain't wrong. He's him, he wrong bro. They just sad. They just can't put the pieces around him that can help him. Like even when Kimba was there they never really put the pieces around Kimba but Kimba had moments where he had some cool vets. Like he had a Al Jefferson, You know he had a couple cool players and Kemba a different dude. Like he he not like that. He chill professional. Charlotte been dark forever y'all. Yeah Let's just keep it real. It was cool and my boy Gerald Wallace freaky G was there, they was cool You know I feel me they was a C in the playoffs and shit but it ain't never been green there Never, Never.


Yeah Kimba had some amazing season but he also had some scenes with he was real wicked boy. Bounce facts. Yeah man. Get well soon to the Hornets man. Shout to con off man. Hope he could be that bouncer looking forward hell of a shooter. Definitely should get some burn man at the fifth pick to Utah Jazz s Ace Bailey baby. I ain't never seen somebody so sad to get drafted And they double down. Well I guess we'll move on but Danny Ains you the gold, The queen on the super chest said man start off with that goofy, that skip all beans just to go to Utah. Hey man, he said I won't play in the east coast but we sitting so far west don't you worry buddy don't even worry about it. Get your jacket ready, you will be at Utah Jazz show.


But the Utah actually they diner was number two to me in the draft first round they got two quality players. So yeah Denny Ains came up. They did. Now listen, before the draft they had some rumors going on talking about Utah had like presented to Celtic with a crazy deal for Jaylen Brown and I saw what they draft. I said boy if that's what they was offering, that's a hell of a stimulus they was trying to be on. But I ain't mad at Utah man. I don't care what you say A come hoop bro. And it's the perfect organization for you right now. He gonna get, he gonna get the hoop. Yes. That's what he want really ain't it So? No he gonna get the rock out man. Nah, I mean he gonna get the hoop. That ain't what he wanted. He hit and all that. Yeah but that's what I was, I was gonna say like when you make it to the NBA bro, the biggest thing is that they got banks in every city yo.


So you going to be able to go to the bank, you gonna get to have fun. You not there that long. You there for six, seven months at most bro. Lock in. You going to go home. Yeah You going home because You're going home early. You're never making a playoffs. So you're going home Lock in with that 82 You'll you'll be back in Atlanta Miami very soon. Yeah like go ahead and get your game right hoop play and it's probably the best for you bro. Yes. Like no disrespect to the people he got around him, not his parents or nothing like I don't know the dude like that. But you need to keep the main thing, the main thing like bro go make Utah pop. Like do what Donovan Mitchell did. Yeah he had it lit in Utah.


They was going to the playoffs, they was winning. Nobody cared. He got his own shoe, he got all that shit in Utah. Yeah then he left. Yeah that's a fact. Like he handled his business first though and then left. Yeah he left bro you got seven years. Champ make the most of it. Get you an all-star bid. Have some crazy stats. Yeah your thing bro. Make it your own and it's a privilege to be in the NBA like before You know it bro. That shit be over and if you go there and and trash, it's a lot of people that was top 10 picks bro. And I ain't make it. That didn't play long. Yeah, For real. Yeah with bigger names. Like we all know all them stars. Anthony Bennett was the number one pick.


Number one pick bro. Played three years. Fuck Take it even back to Kme Brown. Don't Come on, don't bro lock in. Yeah bro. It's the best city. Best best city for him. Especially with the people around Him. Straight basketball. Yeah, straight basketball. I just need to chill and rah rah Let as go hoop. They on the team looking, they trying to get AJ next year so you can go do whatever you want to out there. They gonna probably move more pieces because they trying to, You know what I'm saying, secure their number one pick. I see what Des building boy you start off with aj. That's nasty. That's a nasty duo. But you gotta, yeah you gotta chill though. Yeah, lock in bro. Like the fact that you was like disappointed when they called your name, you made the NBA bro.


You've been thinking about that your whole life bro. You should be hyped at five. I don't care what team you on. Top five pick brother should be lit. Yeah because I don't think people realize like just 'cause you go to Washington, I mean it's a preference right. I wanna live on the east coast, blah blah blah. My parents can see me. They fly everywhere. But you not gonna be a bigger star just because you went to Washington or That's a fact. Brooklyn, them markets ain't fire either. Yeah, yeah. It's The reason why people left those markets. They sad they don't go there. They sad too. Yeah because I was trying to figure out what the real modem was like. He Just gonna be at home, that's all. Yeah, on the east coast. Most definitely man. Shout out to Ace Bailey man.


Hopefully he can go to Utah and show how special he really is man. Ought to be SSI. You made it. Congratulations man. And Utah going through a lot man. But hey you can breathe. Bring him back man. You on aj. All y'all gotta do is take one more year. Gotta be special years to come. Better go out there and learn from Jordan Clarkson and them how to move around in Utah because he don't seem like he wanna leave. He signed an extension so he cool. They chilling. And that's one thing about going to an organization like that, if you go there and embrace it and average 20 points bro, they going to max you out. 'cause they know don't nobody wanna come here. It ain't never gonna be a fight. Like come on bro, go tap in bro. Secure your legacy. You got seven years, you can average 17. They gonna be like yeah let's give him the max Jordan Clark, Jordan Clark's like I'm gonna keep this job bro.


Yeah, yeah bro. We talking about Jordan Clark every year gonna help no team. I'm he's never requested a trade. I'm gonna keep coming JP here, I'm celebrating here. I'm staying. Oh y'all know how I roll. Shout out to jc. I just didn't know your situation bro. Look the moment, Lock the moment. Gordon Ber left bro. Yeah, Even though he picked up up some bags on the way, it was just went downhill though. But he did. Boy Bro. There's some chicken though. Yeah You definitely got them bags. That boy cleared all Star Max dear. Come on. He went you all Utah and tapped in. I would've never left. Yeah 'cause they would've gave him that Darren Williams the moment he left. Oh yeah. Got wicked freaky d Just stay out there bro. He would've been a legend.


He been bigger than John Stockton bro. Hey bro. And they fired the OG for him too. Would've been bigger than John Stock.


Alright man. Hotels in Vegas might be booked solid this weekend, but there's one vacancy left. That's right. It's gonna be filled at UF C3 17. A new lightweight champ will be crowned. Grab your old crown and draft King Sports book. The official betting partner of the UFC. You Know what's going on man. Two, three takes on Charles Olivera to fill the vacant men's lightweight title as a headliner of the International Fight Week. First time betting on DraftKings on the UFC fight. All you gotta do is pick one of the fighters. It's easy, it's an easy win. If you new to DraftKings, all you gotta do is bet $5 new customers. If you bet that five you get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Listen, download the DraftKings Sports book app now and use that Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 gets you $150 in bonus. Be instantly when you bet. Just five bucks Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Boot Ho Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Get ready for July 4th with early savings at Lowe's. Get up to 40% off select major appliances and get an additional 10% off. Two or more select major appliances. These deals are coming in hot Lowe's. We help you save relative seven nine. Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com. For more details, Visit your nearby Lowe's on Dulles Crossing Plaza in Sterling.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes. But there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser told them From Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts


At number six. Arc Boy, Trey Johnson to the Wizards turn up. Yeah, he called that. Yeah, he knew where he wanted to go. I love this for him. He different. He said I'm trying to go score. I'm trying to go kill. I like his mindset. Trying to go get a bucket. Man, Love his whole demeanor. He scored that ball and he get to learn from some boys that already put in work in the league. That's hard bro. Cj, he ain't going to a Charlotte Hornet team where they still trying to find their identity. You know what I'm saying? CJ gonna be like, man come on bro, let me show you how to do this. CJ's the ultimate professional. Yep. And they gonna move right outta his way. Yeah. The moment that they, he shows some promise Chris Middleton's going to the bench.


Yeah because I already locked my 33 in. Gladly. Go ahead lock out. I'm gonna watch you John Sadie knees anyway. He gonna get Chris Middleton only doing this to get healthy to get traded to a contender. Most definitely. So as soon as they get the plan and little bro show some promise, they gonna move him out the way. Yeah, got it. He on a expiring contract. Yeah. Get Chris out here. Chris gonna start off the season real strong. They gonna get a nice pick for him. He gonna go hoop somewhere else where he is mattered at and yeah man, the young feature of the Wizards man they got they two guard they're looking for man Trey Johnson is a bucket for sure. I'm interested to see how they progress next year and we're gonna go to the Pelicans. Man. Jeremiah fierce, They won the trade, I mean won no draft. Think so.


Yes. I like that pickle a lot. I hope they let him play immediately. Why? I don't see why they wouldn't. Let's go to this pelicans roster man. They just made a trade for pool party Deonte hurt Jose. I need all them Minutes. They one bro. I Hope they just hand him the ball. Yeah, They got him and the Queen Derrick Queen Pool. Dang they got Derrick damn Hard. Yeah they did Good. They Did good. They won this first round bro. They got two killers. They got two killers. I can't believe Derrick Queen dropped that far. Your hawks. I was a little surprised that they was nothing. Yeah we, we tre back, we we got plans. Okay. Respect we won to draft. Really?


We'll talk about that in a little bit. But atl, You shitting me. We Won to draft bro. No way. Derrick Queen Derrick Queen win Probably 12. 13. 13. He was our pick. Y'all gonna, we traded it though. Hey Man, foolish, foolish trade. We wanted to draft The worst trade. I like the young talent in New Orleans right now. I like it. That's hard. Hey man come on. New Orleans got a steal because he's Cold. The fuck a TL needed queen Big 10 tournament. He's silly bro. Yeah He is is foolish trade. Hey and I like the chain. My boy had on zero fears. Yeah. Fired Jeremiah. Fears is starting of making man I like you said, I hope day one he get a chance to play bro.


Steven. They said he the next Kyrie Irving. Damn that's A Lot of pressure. I did. Damn. Why you gonna do that? Yeah, chill out Steven. Hey and Stephen, they, he ain't slick. He been trying to give Kyrie lau a praise. Hey we remember what you said bro. Shout Steve a man. He A wild boy for sure. The Nets at eight took Igor Dimon. A lot of people a little confused about that pick. But he's been a highly rated player all year long at BYU for sure. He he good bro but He is good. Why they don't like it? Brooklyn like they need somebody to come in and get to it bro. He ain't that guy. He kind of fit in on the team bro. Like he a piece. Mm He a good piece but I don't, I'm not mad at that Six eight point they got got a six four shooting guard.


I see what they doing. I like it. I like the pick. I don't hate it but I'm just saying he ain't going, I mean he ain't gonna move Tonita right away but that he did go to Brooklyn. What He played like that one boy from the Bulls that had to look what's his name had the case? Josh Giddy? Yeah. The girl lied on him. Yeah he played like Giddy. He do Okay. But Giddy is a good player. He's but he a good piece. He they Brooklyn just need pieces Take got eight bro. Right. I need somebody to come in and turn it up. Brooklyn just need pieces at this point. They don't have nothing. That's what I'm saying like just let 'em put the puzzle. But they trying to, they trying to get like a Euro style team.


If you go look at they draft picks, they trying to get a skilled Euro style team. They trying to get them niggas up out of there. Go look at they squad. They can't wait to move Claxton shit they just gave Cam a hundred. Yeah he ain't pure. He play what Cam Dominican or something. He mixed but he play, he play. I go he, I go. I'm just saying look at that rock boy on that's Crazy Rock. You know what I mean? But look at, you could tell how they trying to, they trying to get a skilled foreign team. Like they just drafted. What's the big white boy that played at Michigan?


Danny Wolf. Danny Wolf. Excuse me. He he nice though. Yeah I'm saying the team is gonna be Euro style based like they coaches at what Euro style coach. They gonna get a whole bunch of skilled tall guys that can do multiple things and play multiple positions. The only wild person they got on their team is Cam Thomas. Like everybody else, they pretty much got rid of dang free cam. But you gotta have somebody that's an outlier that scores the ball man. He's, you wanna make sure some points is getting put on the board. Yeah, he's the one. Yeah Adam 2020 is cute. You know what time it is. I get the ball, get a bucket for show. Shout to that gentleman headed up to ER for show at nine. Colin Murray Boyles went to the Raptors.


I was little confused by this pick for them because it seems like they keep getting all the same type of a player. Yeah they trying to switch one through five. Jeff, Jeff called it. Yeah you said that early on about them but they was on. Yeah he definitely fits to Archetype. Really, really good. Defender IQ was really, really high for him. A lot of, You know a lot of rates and a lot of rankings. We were saying he should be at lottery pick. I just didn't know if it made sense for Toronto but shout to them man. Shout out to him. I ain't know nothing about it. You fit the scheme bro. They trying figure, they trying switch one through five bro. I'm telling you. I mean that's clear with that pick. Yeah they got a lot of the same. Scotty Barnes, they got a lot of the same deals. Brandon Ingram? Yeah. RJ Barrett. RJ Barrett.


They switching one through five. Yeah. I wish they would've got the kid from Duke. I, I know we keep talking about him but I feel like he would've just fit them in that role 'cause he can switch one through five. Honestly. I know he played and drop a lot at Duke but he a good defender, good athlete. I think he would've fit what they had going on. Most definitely man. And right there at 10 the big man everybody wanna play their team. Kamen. Milosh went to the sons via the Rockets trade with kd. Perfect, perfect pick. Yeah the sons, they they went crazy for the bigs yesterday. Pause, You know what I'm saying? They added him in the draft and they traded for from Mark Williams from the Hornets obviously passed that physical this time. But hey man figure is making some moves. So do you think he he not gonna start then since they got Mark Williams?


Oh no he not starting over. Mark Williams? Yeah he's not starting. You can give him a chance to develop work with him some. I mean he's gonna get minutes obviously but is he gonna start? Probably not And that's okay. I think they drafted him in case Mark Williams don't hurt. Yeah. Or gonna pass the fiscal whatever going on. And they still got Nick Richards so I know they gave him a little bit of bread but yeah that roster I'm rolling with him. He gonna be playing by the end of the year. I think he's gonna play all your long but you think gonna start by the end of the year. But they definitely, they about to, they about to package some of these boys up Plum. I think Plum might be Forget sitting, sitting on the bench. Plummy a free agent but Nick Richards, he's getting packed up. Yeah and he was hooping too.


God bless you brother. He going to the Lakers Perfect fit. Watch he about to get packed up to the light. They need you. They can use him bad. Yeah I've seen a Lakers saying they gonna try to be aggressive in the free agency trade market for big. For sure. Walker Kessler's been the name they said for sure. And there was another gentleman that come to me as well. But yeah the Lakers need big guy. Yeah they about to pack they packing Nick Richards up and the Lakers gonna give back Dalton Connect. Dang. Mm They want to give rid for him though. They been wanting to get rid of do Connect. Yeah I was gonna say he been in every room. He ain't never seen a lake go that fast. A good trade piece. He is. Yeah The promise is there for sure. Yeah. Speaking of some trades obviously they trying not obviously but they're trying to get Andrew Wiggins.


Have y'all seen that? Who? That Lakers. The Lakers. Well don't connect going to Miami there. Yeah I was gonna say that's been rumor for there also. You know what I'm saying? They thinking about giving up possibly Ruy for him. That wig there. That might be cool. I'm cool man. You don't like that wig Might be all right man. I like Ru, I like Rui man. All man shout out to that over wig not over Wig not like that. I'm just saying I think he wig don't fit Brown and Luca like he ain't trying to sit there and shoot threes in the corner. Alright. You sure see man the Lakers typically get what they want anyway. Why not? Alright man at 11 Cedric Coward, not Colin Cowherd.


Yeah why'd she say that Via the Blazers. We gonna talk more about that at the end of the show but shout out to that gentleman man the Grizzlies wanted him. They went and got him at 11. Shout out to him. Shane was crazy. He started at D three. Yeah he had to pay for school starting out. Yeah I rock on his journey. I'm gonna have to keep tabs on him to Pay for school end up a lottery pick is crazy. That's insane. That's a fire story. Yeah he need a dock For sure. Oh for sure man shout to that gentleman man. Congratulations for sure To the Bulls they put Noah es gay and they gave him a comparison. Es gay. That's how they his name in a Nigga DJ funny es gay If you see his highlights, that's how they said his name.


It was fucking hilarious bro. So I had to show a little but that compare him to you and Dennis Schroer. This nigga is six 11. I said he play like Jeff, that nigga is six 11 bro. Like what? It's funny as hell. What six 11 bro? Just the funny part about it. They must look like their biggest one.


No I gotta tell y'all to joke. This is what makes you funnier. So it's another guard that got drafted later that they compared 'em to but people on Twitter switched them up because of they nationality. So it was funny as fuck. So I had to tell y'all like I'm like that's fucking funny. This nigga is six 10 bro. What the fuck The people on Twitter mix him up with the other guy that got from France. So when I went and I said wait this niggas a big they me talk about the other person be on Why though six 11. I about say he cold like damn six 10 probably like me boy that's a, that's my B 2K player.


Oh man. Six 10 with me. I sold up the Twitter last night. I love y crazy. Shout to the Bulls man. They got a big that they needed for sure Y fried. Alright man we talked about 13 Derrick Queen man headed to the pelicans. I love this for him man. He's gonna get a chance to play. He is talented as hell. They got a lot of talented people. That roster, I don't know who is going to stay but man like you said him fierce. They Won the first round bro. I promise They be sleeping on him 'cause he not athletic bro. He's really cold. He shouldn't have dropped that far. Yeah he cold but everything he does, like you said skill, he's big good on his feet man. He's got some promise for sure man. Definitely shout out to the young Pelicans man.


I'm gonna have to tap in for them for a second and then at for say we talked about Carter Bryant to dis Spurse man. Like you said he is a project but he showed a lot of promise man. Especially on the defensive end. We'll go through the rest a little bit later. But do we have an early favorite for Rookie of the year? It's probably way we be asking that right now. We ain't even got to Summer League but why not? I'll take yeah Cooper they probably get handed to him but I got Tre Johnson. Okay. Nah I have to see. I will pick Ace Bailey. I just don't know if he 'cause he gonna get the most opportunity. That's true too. The Ball Cooper Flagg gonna win some games. He gonna average at least 15. Damn.


He's Yes bro. 15. Yes. Y'all think so? Yes you on average at least 15 bro. I'm gonna take the other on that one. Me too. Oh y'all tweet. You know Average 10. Y'all crazy. 1213. Not that he's not capable. He just on the team where it is gonna be people Who? Who? Clay Thompson puts that bitch up. Anthony Davis will have the basketball Davis. That's okay. That's it. He Watch 26. He can go crazy. What 15? Who The flag gonna average 15 Look at most teams bro. The third option probably average 15 on most NBA teams average. Is he gonna be the third option on this? On this team? Who? Shit, Who ain't Kyree hurt if they keep pj? PJ gonna get some, he gonna get reps. Clay is not Clay no more. Clay's still gonna average Clay Thompson gonna average to a point though.


Yeah he might. He definitely gonna average 12. He gonna average 12. That's what I'm saying. Look at his roster. Okay they stay as is. Spencer's probably starting one right? Spencer probably get Max. Christie was hooping too man. Alright y'all 15 bro. 15 Max. Christy was hooping last year bro. All you want to. Cooper Flagg. It's a new sheriff In town bro. They it's over bro. This is about, We done Rigg the whole NBA for this shit. Yeah bro. He's average. I think they there average 12. I mean no if he averaging 12 they kill him. They having a good season. Well they gonna have a great season because he gonna average 15. I'm rolling.


Get ready for July 4th with early savings at Lowe's. Get up to 40% off select major appliances and get an additional 10% off. Two or more select major appliances. These deals are coming in hot Lowe's. We help you save valid through seven nine. Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lowe's dot com For more details, Visit your nearby Lowe's on Dulles Crossing Plaza in Sterling.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no cross The country. Cops call this taser the revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser told Them from Lava for Good and the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Okay, which player went to the best situation? Cooper Flag. Yeah, I was gonna say yeah, I mean really Fastest chance to win. He went to the best as far as winning but really Ace Bailey in a great situation bro. If he really want to 'cause he can go out there and kill. He has to take advantage of his opportunity. If he Do, he can go out there. And I like Jeremiah Fear and Queen though. Yeah, In the world. I like that too. I think Eron fear got the best hand 'cause they starting point guards hurt. He's hurt man. He walking right into it. They traded CJ McCullum. Yeah, he up for you. Walking right into it and there's talent around you. You don't have to go do it out there by yourself. Tray Murphy there he going. I said I got him eight assists tonight man. Jp. And then you got, he still got Zion, you got Queen Jeremiah's average eight assists this year, bro.


He a nice little team. Yeah, they gonna be, they gonna be sad. Sad motherfucker. They might they might be sad but it ain't gonna look bad. They gonna be a fun team to watch but they gonna be sad as hell. You gotta think a rookie pg and what if he come out Who He could hoop? He still gonna be sad. They still gonna be sad. He could kill. They just not gonna be a good team. He could average 15 and seven. Especially Zion on some I'm hooping this year. Shit. They might be cool. They might not be because Trey Murphy proven. I ain't saying they gonna be like top of the top. They might be Trey Murphy Dub Won't be better than Portland. It might be a 10. Who won't Orleans. Shit you shit me. You wanna bet that man Look, Be Stride Bro. We gonna have a better record in the year. No PE Bro.


I got Portland Pelicans, I I got healthy. I like to, we can play game that they play too each other. I want Pelicans. I got poor. Y'all niggas is drunk. Y'all don't understand rookies bro. When Zion play I do bro. When Zion play, the Pelicans kind of be winning sometimes he healthy, he be the way he had that kind winning, sometimes they be winning bro. But they also had CJ McConney, he just don't play a lot bro. He also had CJ McCullen now they got the full barter. Thank you. It's lit. Yeah, thank you. I'm taking for he can play winning basketball. We know this. If the team is good, he ain't did it in a long time. He won a bro ain't it? In a could. He could performance. The team's cool bro. 2021 Dream four. He the PEs all day.


I got with a 50 50 game season from damn Zion up. It don't matter. Your head gonna be crazy. It really don't even matter. I got Portland. Y'all are fried man. I love how we making future bests already man. Let's get straight to it man.


But listen, speaking of Cooper Flagg man, scroll down for a little bit. You know the vibes was coming up in Dallas real, real soon man. Shout out to Liv Golf. Liv Golf is going crazy in the Dallas area. Man. Pull up. Listen, if you not tapped in, we'll give you a little bit of preference. What's going on with live golf man? One of the dopest things going on in sports right now. The atmosphere is absolutely crazy. It's going down in Dallas June 27th, June 28th. Man Bryson Debo, he coming home to the crib. You know he gonna go crazy for sure and live golf Dallas man. He's bringing the crushers GC to compete in the latest golfs global team league man. Global golf. You not tapped in man. They always got a lot of killers on there. Be here. You tapped in with a couple names on there for sure. Yeah man, my boy Hakeem Nahim. We'll be winning the whole thing this year. His name, his name is Joaquin N Man. Shout out to Joaquin man. Come on man. We got the OG Phil Mickelson. I, yeah I got the OG man. Y'all know me, I got him one of the OG Phil Mickelson. He been a legend forever. Even when I used to play the old golf games, I rocked out with him. Who performance He, You already know who performing My boy Whiskey. Whiskey. Whiskey Meyers gonna be performing man. It's gonna be lit June 28th. He gonna be showing out. It runs all weekend. 27th through the 29th. Live golf. It's gonna be cracking. Come on Man. Y'all food and fun. Y'all pull up and participate. Come On man. Get the full experience man. Before sold out man. 'cause You know everybody gonna pull up for this. Grab your tickets@livgolf.com. Tap in LIV golf.com. Pull up man. And if you can't pull up, that's cool man. Tap in Fox Sports, we got you covered. Make sure you tap in before it starts matter all streaming services. Shout at Liv Golf man. We going pull up for show in August and make some noise with them.


But first and foremost, let's go to the super chat. Spend a minute. Nick Way says, are we going to ever see any player go into eight straight finals like Goat James? Yeah. Shout from Malaysia. Tapped in after work every night on the other side of the world. Hey, shout out to you Nick. Way over there in Malaysia. Keep a player. No, never. No that's done. That might not be done y'all. Why's going? Going eight straight bro. That that's quiet Bro. When a new league turn, Y don't know what the NBA is gonna turn into. It's Over with. I don't see it Bro. Once all of our people, once all of our people are age leave, y'all don't know what's gonna happen. It's Over with. I get what you're saying. What did WI do it? It's over with a straight bro. It's a lot of talent out here bro. We think it was A lot of talent when we was in the league Over with East was east was sold up.


You See that mic? What did he say? He said we the league him no wonder respect drive flag be him. Shots of my backup. That's your backup. Nasty work. H wt C. The super chat says, does the NBA let former players read out draft picks like the NFL or is it just me or do Marcus Te like JLI white. That's crazy. Which One Stefan or I Gotta nah be the one with round out the game.


Nah, amen going for that. It's only two rounds. Sometimes they randomly have people come up there but NFL does because they got so many rounds for sure. But good question. The Sturdy said Nets preparing to draft Boozer AJ or DP in 26. We losing the least 55 games Plus won't be long today saying we got one of the best young cores in the league. Man, keep holding onto that prayer brother. Y'all gonna get one of them. Y'all gonna keep losing. So next year draft better than this draft. I wouldn't be mad at any of them players. I get there's Some stars for sure. I'm cool. I'll take the Boozer Peterson or a j Peterson silly. He is wrong. He's silly. So I ain't mad at just for that. It is some shit coming.


That's Why I was happy with a Pacers trade that picked for this year to next year. I'm like ooh, we about to be sad too. We might have a chance to get a killer. Yeah, if y'all get a top three pick, boy y'all gonna be, yeah, that'll be all. Y'all gonna probably pick the wrong person though. Yeah, y'all get the number one pick. Pick you right pace with the number three. Pick Tyler Harris bro Jr number three, pick that Pacers take Michael Harris. Fuck he's fresh out of. He played at Army. He what the fuck? I'm still mad at him for yesterday. Remember we talking about, oh we talk about reality show. Reality show. He like we what reality show you on.


Let's ask Lou, what reality show would you be on Mo if you could be on a reality show? Which one would you be on? Give more context. No hold. I got you talking about Love Island and I said okay, well Mike said if you could be on any reality show, what show would you be on Any show? Yeah. College Hill College. Turn me up. Lou looks at College Hill Classic. Put me on love and hip hop man. He's a, he's a thigh a I thought that's my favorite nigga. Right. You know what Mike's answer was he a he a fucking man Retire war veteran.


This nigga is a thought that makes though that nigga talk about some we all on here. I'm talking about, I don't even know what I said. I said the real love of hiphop. No, I said Ray J Love or so shit for love. Right. Classic. He said something else. Chance Real love or something Love. And I said Love and hip hop. He say love hip. He come out here. He said Hmm, that's a good one. Survivor. This nigga go the wild to be naked. Real wild. Be naked to eat roaches. Or weird as alright this water soup check what's up The twist string.


He wrote, that's what they do. That's what they do. Get no worms and shit man. Oh man, what the fuck Getting hepatitis shit. My boy Vince back. Oh shit. He said the twist string last night was dope. Y'all do more of the future. Best podcast out right now. I appreciate you. Tap in with the Twitch ball. Hey Ben, been showing love bro. He showed love all night yesterday on pause on the Twitch. I I, yeah. Crazy Twi Fault that shout to Best Water. Appreciate you Danny on Twitch. He showed a lot of appreciation for the pod. We appreciate him for sure. Alright man. Just Annie in the super chest says locked in since Kiki happy birthday to me. If y'all remember, I'll switch out 23rd birthday.


I love this show. Be here. Tap into the male segment on the pod. Shout to the lineage. I got you bro. The show. Happy birthday. Happy birthday bro. I spent my 23rd birthday. How'd y'all spend y'alls? Y'all remember those? Yeah, I was in Houstons. Okay. I had a birthday party here. I had no idea. 23rd birthday. Can't remember. Probably a good night though. Shout out to you. Enjoy it. El Ray seven one all day said Don Ido Tiro still being available to me. Anything for Cal's legacy? Who? Oh the that's that's a Jeff dude that went to Arkansas. What that I'm gonna start reading every way y'all type because these Tys be crazy.


That nigga write Spanish. I dunno nothing about it nigga. They ain't even Spanish. He African nigga. I'm saying the way that they fuck up these words because however DJ say it, that's how I, I thought nigga was African. He gotta be, that nigga name is Du. That's the way that they talk. This shit I here is crazy. Why did he pronounce it like that? So Right, because DJ always look at that person. I'm like who the fuck deals.


Exactly. That was a, that nigga did okay boy I had to go translate that shit boy. Jesus Christ nigga be throwing their accent. Fucking I got experience. Hey man, I thought, oh man.


Oh that's Mike. That's freaky Mike's fault man. Oh that was supposed to say do and I dude, he gotta be, he got his parent, his legacy was like who the fuck is that? I was so confused. Oh man. Oh man, y'all are fucking crazy man. Hey the Ds took me out bro. Hey he got, he got up here talking like, oh man. Oh man I love, let's go back there. Please man that question, I don't know. Shout to Kyle.


We don't care. EMD said and I know got these kids entitled and ungrateful to y'all. I think we see more H values because of this. I won't put that on the NIL. I just think that sometimes the your representation can, You know, put you in a bad situation. That seems to what could have been in that situation. Yeah. Fuck he got drafted. Yeah. None of that. Good luck to him man. Go kill Hce. Do your thing Brother Torres Boswell the super chest sis. Could the Bucks have traded to get in the draft? What's next for them? Dj, them cowboys, dog water Go Birds and whatever. Shout out to the Eagles but I don't know. Oh when he said Go Bird, I thought he was talking about the Falcons Never. Yeah. Yeah. You say we wants to meet em.


Fans get well some Mike Vick bro. Dirty Birds bro bro. Julio Jones. That's me and Luke team. Lou said don't throw me of that shit. Lucy said I'll have my bro that I listen man the Bucks need a lot of help. I don't think they're gonna find the draft this year. Nah, keep y Happily. Yes. Shout out to Z in the super chat set. What do y'all think about the heat rapping Minga? Do you think they need to move on from Hero at this point? Be here. Your friend white boy, you gonna stay around Shit. Move on from him if you want to, we'll gladly go to state. Go on hit nah straight up that figure. Run to one two. Yeah. Ain't mad at that. You gonna extend Steph career.


Yeah, straight up. I like he would go and say that's a fire team on everything. Him Jimmy Steph. That ain't trading. That ain't trading him. But that's a lot of money though. That one through. Yeah. I hope you just made that up. I hope that ain't no rumor. Nah It ain't no excuse me. The heat are looking for Kaga but Tyler. Oh shit. We'll see. Alright Coleman Morrison Super chat said what do y'all think the nuggets have to do to get back to the running man Re Michael Porter Let him get healthy man. If he can come back to the form that they think they can contend again, cool. If not they gotta make a quick move 'cause that second eighth one is getting teams up out to paint for sure. Yeah they got move Away already away Saying What time it was and I ain't saying it was a play. They gotta move away from that money.


Yeah boy. Just pay Jamal Murray in the bag. Yeah he getting in the bag for sure. For Sure. You know the vibes. Alright zone in super chess. How do Y feel about bold, bold going to the Spurs. You know I think the big from Duke should have went three to the 76 ERs. Yes he definitely should have. I like him to the Sixers bro. I think the Sixers should have traded back and got him with like the eighth or ninth pick. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh Bo I go over there. Ballo got a hell of a fan club That hell bo. I guess we'll find out for your show. Alright Chris Keren Super Chat says Ant or Ja Wall in Prime Ant.


I love Jimmy. That's a hell of Nah. I take, I love John, I love John. I John Was a problem bro. I'm gonna take John, I'm going, you seen Ed Prime yet though? I'm going Ed though bro. And and a different, he a different Player. I be talking about winning too But John was a real problem. He was, that was for shit Two great players for sure. Jock Bra Anderson Super Chess said T. Were there any teams you didn't want to get drafted to as a teammate? How would you react to a rookie who didn't want to play on your team? I, I didn't. You could have sent me to the G league as long as I had got the money I didn't care. Most definitely I would've been hyped. I good first round pick straight to the G league wouldn't have been mad.


For sure. For sure. And I don't think them vets gonna feel no ways about that bro. They don't care. They aint need watch this. He going he ain't No personal Shit. He gonna be so humble when he walk in that locker room. Facts. They gonna go at him though. Bet about showing. Yeah that's the NBA anyway. Yeah I'm saying he, he put a little fire on his back though if anything. Yeah He get cooked. That's just part of the NBA bro. Definitely. He gonna be so humble when he walk in there. What's that? That first practice like for both of y'all or that first like scrimmage you played against your teammates. You was like oh dang, like this nigga Cole too. Man, I'm gonna be honest, I don't think I even played for real in the first scrimmage when I was in Chicago I might've played a little bit.


I ain't play a lot messing with T. He really had the guys out there. Oh okay. I played a little bit but not nothing crazy but nobody did nothing crazy. I seen Lou Ade going to work but that's when I first seen Nate Rob and I was like aw damn he really cold. That's what I was going, yeah I was gonna ask y'all who did y'all see that ain't got a big name that was raw to Y. He Small ain't no like bro, he got out there and went crazy. I was like damn, okay. The NBA is different bro. Everybody's nice. Nah, I was starting point guard on the second unit so I played, I just seen how like strong them dudes was like Mike Bibby was so strong. I'm like god damn. But you knew right away that you was comfortable to compete. Oh Yeah, I knew I was good. Yeah. I was like damn Yeah basketball's basketball. I was like yeah.


I'm like if I start bro, the NB when I first got in the NBAI swear to you bro, the NBA was so easy. I'm like I'm too fast. They cannot keep up with me. And then we played preseason games, I was averaging 20 in the preseason. I'm like the NBA easy but my confidence was so high like yeah that's when I was a scorer scorer like my confidence was so high, I'd shoot any shot like I was shooting threes off the jump ball. I didn't have no like for like concept that like you gotta get the ball to Joe Johnson. Got you. Now once you start playing in the game, it's just a game. Hmm. Because my first game I played round, I'm like damn this round I got threw in third quarter too. 'cause Nate got ejected. Yeah I just got through out there. I went out there, I had like seven points. I was like damn this shit ain't that bad bro.


Yeah once you start hooping it's just hoops. Once you get past everybody you see. Yeah I I, I was different. My confidence was too high. Me and Louis used to be out there like this shit easy bro. I'm like yeah I'm on rookie the year I'm averaging Tony. Oh my boy confidence was through the roof Bro. You got like that though. That's hard though. You Got to preseason bro. I was, I I led the preseason scoring for rookies average 20. Nah, that's hard. I'm just saying like you went out there like shit and then you had to get humbled and then Right after preseason he pulled me in the offense was like yeah you ain't gonna play. Hmm the NBA will humble I'm have you been watching the game? Fuck the best player I'm gonna tell You. Nah. Yeah, Yeah like that.


Like he probably really could have played but they just nah you ain't gonna play. But then for you to say at the end of the year when you killed he was just like, well I guess I was wrong. Maybe you could got literally he walked up to me and said my bad rook, I was wrong. You could play NB and kept walking confidence bro because everybody good. It ain't like Mo it is, you barely gonna see a sad person in the NBA. It's a couple but you ain't gonna see a lot everybody nice bro. So it's just confidence. Like some people got lucky that they had coaches who kind of just embraced what they was doing. Yeah, I had Mike Woodson, he didn't embrace it. He literally just told me like nah and you lose your confidence a little bit. Yeah, yeah for sure. Shout to the league on one place to be come with Morrison Super Dress said appreciate y'all for doing what y'all do. For real. Keep it up.


Best pot out there. Shout to you brother. Appreciate you Chris. Benjamin said Mo scratch his ear so much. So Nat in here bro keeps flying out. Say yeah bro. It's a little wicked in here. That is Mike that wrote that by the way. Chris Benjamin is nobody. It had no money but production use a burning account. We're not gonna answer them. Broke ass questions. It has no funny behind it. No broke ass questions. Yeah we asking that broke ass shit. Moog, you hear more than DJ grab the mic. Yeah that's crazy. You know we get more sound complaints moving on. Malcolm Brown, the super you'all think Che will ever throw into a superstar number one option or he always be the second or third option.


Shout to 3 0 4 Wes v Stand up for show on that team. He gonna probably, he could peek out if the two I imagine. But that's SVA team. Yeah And ain't nothing wrong with that. Yeah they cool Over here too. Yeah, that nigga said he got crazy chili recipe. He gets a hundred degrees outside thinking about he started cooking Sean. No he got a crazy chili recipe. The boy trying To send me to the spindle, The chili. It is 200 degrees outside. He talking about chili fine. That's a wicked recipe man. Shout to be here. I'm sure he can cutthroat 8 0 3 said would you rather get slapped by Greg Khalil big show or Mark Henry Great Ali big show or Mark Henry.


God damn. Who was Greg Khali? He knew I don't wanna get slapped by none of I Girl say you gonna die. He probably be every single one of them. That's great color he big as shit. Damn dude from Long Yard. Yeah. Damn I seen him before but yeah that's dude I can run from him though. His knees fucked up. He's seven foot two. Yeah and big show boy he limping since oh six. Especially the way they be slapping boys in that slapping contest thing. Yeah You don't got, you don't got shit that's to do but resting Up, pull up, slap ice, pull up the slap contest. Yeah I mean we go through the MLB real quick or they be wh nah the slap league is crazy bro. They be the out a slap league. They gotta slap lead bro.


Where you Slap somebody's face? Shit take turns heavy hitters too. What The fuck do y'all be watching? It's on. It's on Instagram. I'm gonna tap in bro. They got all different types. They got weight glasses and everything bro. Power slap. There we go. You gotta buy a ticket. Yeah. Okay all man. Let's go to the association with it. That's, there we go. The White Sox took care of my Diamondbacks yesterday. Seven to three man give us tune to us. The brewers took care of the apartments. Four to two angels to feed the Red Sox. Five to two. A shutout on the national shout to the Padres getting that Dub one zero. The Rangers beat the sleeves off the Orioles yesterday. Seven. Oh shut out.


And a belt to ass situation. Jesus Athletics took care of the Tigers. Three zero Guardians took care of the blue Jays fives to four. The mess got they get back on the Braves. Seven to three Yankees took care of the Red Sox built as Rock last night. Seven to one. Man they got on their ass. Nasty work. The twins took care of the mayors in the Shutout two oh racing care of the worlds three zero Cubs Beat the sleeves off the Cardinals yesterday. Eight to zero. The Astros took care of the Phillies 2.0 and lasted certainly not least man. The Dodgers took care of the Rocks. Eight win Man. Roll up the clip man. Max Munsey been going crazy. Another Grand Slam feeding families. That's crazy. Going yard is one thing. Grand slams. Y'all still think I could hit a baseball?


Yeah man. Hell No. Ain't nothing changed. Ain't nothing changed. I can hit a baseball. I, yeah, I get You think it'd be better play for the Dodgers or the Yankees? Yankees, bro. Yankees. Yankees. You have more lives. Yeah, they they, they take that way even though the Dodgers is a hell of a fan base as well. But the Yankees just Two great cities. So You think it's better to play for the Knicks than the Lakers? Yeah. Nah, hell lie. Real, the Lakers is more lit. But I'm a Knicks type nigga. I would definitely play for the Lakers. I go see for Lakers, I'm playing for the Lakers. Yeah. It's not, I'd rather be more lit in New York than Lit in la. I'd rather not have rats in good weather. I don't want no rats. It's cleaner in la.


Yeah, but all, all the money in little better. All the money in New York, they got money. LA They got money. But I'm saying where shit get done is in New York. I'm cool. I'm I'm gonna go with the weather. Yeah, you probably get more endorsements in New York than la. Yeah because the proximity Joe. But I mean two great places to be. For real. For real. And then last certain not least man, ORMA took care of the Giants eight to five and the W last night Man of Liberty took care of the ies. 81 to 78 Stewart the ies. All right man. Hey they showing up man. They turned their season around. Yeah man. For the expansion team to be 500. This part of the season. Respect, You know for sure. Brianna Stewart, 23 in 10. Ken Bur had 20 and five off the Pine with it. White girl Sabrina's back.


She struggled but You know what I'm saying. First game back. Yeah. You know what I'm saying. No problem. She had 11 to seven still. Tiffany Hayes showed up one Of 11 field goals. Damn. Yeah, She rough. Same play. So she trying to get back. Right. She had a rough child, Sabrina. Yeah, she ain't known for sister now You know how she was. She had a rough day. Kmart had 21, motherfucker Had 10 free throws. She, she was at the pond. Boy You fried. Alright man, Liberty man, they been going crazy this year. Can they repeat? I know the links is, You know a V fee. She's out for a minute but at full strength man. Who y'all got so far? Those the best of teams in the league. Yeah. I'm gonna go with the Liberty. Yeah. Now y'all here been disrespectful Now that put Calin Clark or Sabrina? I told you who?


Two dogs. I told you what Y'all know what it is. Double CCC bro. Sabrina bro. Two dogs Easy. She giving Me nine assists bro. Sabrina Chip? Yeah, she got the, she got the ball more. She ain got Excuses. Excuse. She got Breonna Stewart? Mm. So What it's she got Kelsey, what's her name Mitchell My point exactly. You don't even know her name and Aaliyah Boston? Yeah. Oh be a big Aaliyah. You forgot She hooped like our boy. The just got drafted to the Pelicans. Oh, Derrick Queen. Yeah, That's Derrick Queen right there. We got James Charger. Derrick Queen in the pick row. We good Y'all fried man. And we got Kobe and Shaq.


Stewart. Stewart is Kevin Dur rap? For sure. Hey listen, you Kevin losing even one of those man, two great guards, man. We got who? We got KD and Devin Booker. What? Sabrina and she about Devin Booker, Sabrina? Yeah you can, you can show some more love in that though. I, I mean that's just side Sabrina. I'm trying. Oh Kyrie and KD my fault. That's who we are. I like that. Kyrie and K and Brooklyn. I like that. We Brooklyn should have been, let's go. Alright. The ACEs took care of the Nu, the real New York team built a ass. 85. 59 Aja Wilson. 22, 8 and four. Fastest player of the 5K points. Hold bro. I'm being funny. I swear to God I'm not being funny. Somebody gets a world record in every day on this show.


If I'm lying, I'm flying. Run the tapes back. These niggas put up the fastest to something every day in this motherfucker. I swear to God in the NBA that never happened. It's a new league bro. It's new league clearly. But a Wilson back in history. That's why she nice bro's. Why she wanna mess the door Every day I put the fastest players to do something in here bro. And these people just got here. Fuck it. I That off my chest bro. Jackie. Six points in the first quarter, the son. I don't about how they got to 59. Look at Mike. Smooth. Get well soon for sure. Jackie Young 20 at eight. He the Charles at 18 and three as well. Fraud. Listen man, ACE has been struggling man. Six points. I miss Kelsey. Plum bad. Yeah, W-W-N-B-A All Stars is here.


We need money. Oh, we were supposed to read that. Well, no, why both those things was very true. Yeah, but the ACEs man they got a lot going on man. The organization has to smoke for how the head deer or a b, some of the people were happy about how things were going in there. A Wilson big killing as well. But yeah, I think those, those moves that made the offseason definitely through off the chemistry of the team for sure. But get well something to the ACEs. We'll see. But AJ Wilson is still like that. She's still the goat. So they got, you think she the best woman in the world still, still. They ain't, she's gonna be there for a long time period. I ain't gonna lie bro. I'm gonna go with Stewart. Nah, I'ma go with right now man.


Shout to Brown Stewart. But I ain't going, I'm gonna go with Stu bro. She didn't, she didn't took her reins back bro. No sir. I ain't going bro. She don't want no problems and she, and she like that for sure. But if you gave Asia Wilson, Sabrina Is Asia Wilson like kd? No, she's LeBron. Yeah, she's she's a bully. Yeah, she's a she LeBron. Yeah. She ain't really no like, like that or nothing. Damn. She like, she like Zion. She kind of is like Zion. She likes Zion. Yeah, she's, she's a bully bro. She's unstoppable. Okay. A person I'm Go with Stuy though. Stewie kind of, she hooping this year. She been hooping. She's one of the best top three for sure. In my opinion. A was just a different animal show. I'm just saying this year alone though. Okay. Respect. Just this year. I ain't at that. I know what I'm saying. I go to Nafesa and I give that.


I give you that. Yeah, some hoopers for sure man. Stay tuned. Alright. Ferris be taught in the super chat, said Manny Harris or Trey Burke who had the best bag in college. I let Manny Harris for I'm gonna go with Trey Burke in college. You, you can't lose either way. Re Burke went. He went crazy. Sure. Especially in the garden. Ah, that's tough. Manny Harris boy, Manny Harris was there when it was a little quiet. He was, Manny Harris was the trench baby that got to it, which Was him and Stu Douglas and my boy going crazy up there. He was a bucket. I like that. That's a good, that's a good debate. Both killers real Hoops for sure. P and Super Chat said much love from the Bay by the way of the 8 1 2 ever come up against any hoopers from Evansville? You two gentlemen. I don't really know nobody from Evansville.


Somebody from Evansville. We would know Cardell Cardell McFarland. That's probably the only dude I ever heard from. Evansville Cardell McFarland for sure. Shout out to the A one two. It is Lil Jalen from Evansville. Lou Jalen Black? No, he and Bobby in them class 2027 Jaylen Mitchell. Jaylen Mitchell, Jaylen Mitchell. Shout to him. He young from Evan Junior to be? Yeah I think yeah. Yeah. Okay. Nah, he nice Wish Show Love Lil Jaylen Mitchell For Barce in the super jazz. F first and foremost shout out to y'all for Grinder regardless of beginnings. No questions. Just letting You know. I keep that crossover on Mo on repeat sheets. Wow that's a, that's a good, that's a good, You know what I mean?


That's that make everybody day better bro. He ride, he watch it every morning. He did grind bro. Your day would Be better bro. You watch that wake up. Yeah, that's every morning you watch that. Your day would be better bro. Nasty work For sure. Big cry. That's that's insane. And certain least man be in the super chat said love the show. Do y'all think Iverson would average 40 in today's NBA? No. No. But he would kill because he is Alan Iverson. He gonna do whatever he want do. Yeah, but they ain't gonna let nobody gonna let him shoot 40 times. Not at five 10. Yeah, somebody gonna pass that. My boy. Yeah. Yeah. But then he still average 25 though. Definitely. Yeah. Maybe the 30 ball. I ain't, You know what I'm saying? I ain gonna say y'all, he like that for sure. Alright man. Before we get outta here man, one more time for Liv Golf tour.


Man pull up. It's in Dallas 27th, the end of 28th man. Presented by America Code to stay accepted a night stop in a 14th scheduled event. Man, I'm looking forward to this man. We tapping into our golf bag man. You see the, you see the power rankings up here man. It should be an interesting time man. We gotta get in our golf bag for sure. Yeah, I Heard it's a fun atmosphere man. I'm ready to get to It. It is like a party, like a big festival with golf man. It looks like a lot of fun man. You get on that one hole, you get a hole in one. They throw all the beer and the water on you and all that good times and stuff like that. I'm excited to be there when we get our opportunity to go.


Most definitely man. It's child to DraftKings man. They got the odds up here. Be here. You about to tap in Moga, You know what I'm saying? See I hit the parlay. Look some of these odds up here. Dang. How on is my dude under Hakeem Hoke? Ha. Gotta talk like DJ. Trying to be a smart ass Joaquin. Joaquin man Jo Smart Assem Neman man. My DJ bag. Oh man, I met with him. He won shit, he 50 50 so I'm going with You know Hakeem. Come on Man. Bro why you keep saying high key? It is wa wa, wa shout man. You for the top 10, the last five of the eight stars the season man. My boy been on the high streak so man, listen man, tap the DraftKings man. Plenty of teams if You know what I'm saying. Tap me and get this bread with live golf man. We can't wait till y'all pull up man. Verify bunk is be here.


Who was getting to it yesterday? I'm gonna give it to Jackie Young man. 20 and eight is solid For sure man. Teague, who you got the best white girl in the league? Okay, Breonna Stewart. Turn up Breonna Stewart like that for sure. Move. Who you got going to Asia? Man, she's still the best in the game, man. Short some lil come on. 2028 man. And last turn on Lisa, man. All the gentlemen who got drafted today and will be drafted tonight. Even some of those who will be, You know what I'm saying? Sign free agents, man. Shout to y'all making y'all dream and making it to the NBA get well soon. Malika Andrews. I can't stand her. This disrespectful Colin Coward.


Colin Gonna run that on his show. Yeah, Nah, the volume two yesterday was like, man Colin Cow really went crazy. This shit. Yeah, he's having a game for sure. Blink Andrews get well some of that is not that gentleman's name, but we know what it's like to mess up names on this show for sure. So we ain't judging too hard. But we got Nick Hakeem. This dude crazy. I thought she was gonna run into Kelsey Pond. Yeah, I thought she was running to another bench. Thought she was about to run into Her bro. Now You know what I see why when y'all be telling kids to come on, come on, come on. Like come off the floor. That shit look lame as hell when you running out job too. She looked dumb. She time we thinking she about to get on there And I thought she was about to crash out.


I thought she was about to hit Kelsey Clark thought she was about to hit her bro. Boom. Oh that would've been eight block of this show. Don't you worry. Wow. She would just do it. I ain't mad at y'all kids. This shit look crazy. Take no time to leave the court, man. Oh man. Hey, they cheated her man. Oh man. All right, we got the, here we go. Paris slap. We there. Oh no, we got another one. All your hce Bailey man. Get well soon, man. The face he made when he figured out he was about to go soak in Utah, one boy banging his hat. He don't care. Yeah, he trying to be there. Get me outta here. Enjoy yourself little bro. It's okay.


You smooth. That boy was about to cry. He got picked in the NBA dang man and not for good reason. Yeah, that's crazy. He said I'm not trying to go to Utah, man. That's crazy. Alright man. Last turn out least man. Last one to super chat. JT 4, 3, 2 said B here. Come up with more categories like me bounds. Make sure you, You know what I'm saying, put the patent on the first brother. I Enjoy it man. Free for y'all man.


One more time for Boost. Mobile man. $25 unlimited Nationwide. Where they at? T 5G Network Nationwide, bro, come on man. Tap in Boost Mobile man. Get you a phone. Burn the phone, your griller phone, whoever. Tap in Boost Mobile and tell 'EM Club five 20 cent. What is it? $25. Come on man. You know the vibes man. You got that. 25. Don't even play.


Hey, one more time for Liv Golf Man. The 27th and the 28th of June. Pull up to Dallas. Gonna be a great weekend. Y'all might see us there. You might not. We'll catch out on Monday. My boy Whiskey gonna be performing. Make sure you have the VIP for whiskeys performance on the 28th. We'll see you Monday morning, five 20 In The Morning. The volume


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one miss enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is an iHeart podcast.