(0s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(30s):
John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1m 8s):
What's up everybody? Ad Nam Ard type about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Amers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and N ad's. Favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1m 41s):
What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did

(2m 13s):
The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this Tuesday morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Prick to my wife, my brother Teague Fellas, how y'all doing? Cool and nasty. Good bro. What's going on man? I see you the debut yesterday, you know what I'm saying? Oh Yeah, yeah. Play broadcast your careers. Yeah, I, I fuck with that for sure. Man. We ain't talking about the game at all Until towards the end though. Yeah, when it got it worked out, it Got good. Worked out for sure man. Yeah, yeah. Shout to playback man. GLO five 20 also, Gil already, we're gonna do a lot of collaborations, live broadcasting the games coming up.

(2m 55s):
Make sure you follow, follow, follow. We will put the link in the bio. Let's go ahead and get to it man. Before we can talk about y'all broadcasting debuts. Man, a couple things took place yesterday that we gonna love. Jimmy got suspended again. We've said this a couple times already, but when he found out he wasn't starting, our boy went ahead left work. Yeah, this, I mean now it's just time to be done man. It ain't been time. No, It is. But you know, sometime that toxic relationship comes to an end man and it's, it's it's time to sit down and figure it out. You know what I mean? They gotta move forward bro. I mean I get it. I know I love Jimmy. I get it. But I like hooping, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like bro, the business gonna be the business.

(3m 36s):
You know you gonna to get traded or you gonna leave, you gonna opt out, you gonna do whatever you gonna do. But like I know he just enjoy playing basketball like, I don't know. It's different for me. Yeah, it is at this point it's like all right man, like stop this on both sides. I hope they move him 'cause I think they'll be really fucked up if they keep him on that roster. Proof of point that ain't fair to the team pay for to him. Even to Patman. Like all right. At this point it was funny. It still is hilarious that he left practice. 'cause I can only imagine they was on tour. It was like damn, I wish Te was on the heat when this happened. Oh it would've been story time with Teague would've been great. Live from Miami. Yeah. Nah, the best part about it's they got Kevin Love. Hey he been clouding on the internet bro. He, he, Hey Kevin, love you gotta come on the show you about type of, for sure.

(4m 18s):
Hey we got the same personality bro. For sure bro. He don't take nothing serious. That shit he did with Denzel Washington bro. His top tier bro. Bro. The training day clip hilarious, bro. He take, he don't take nothing serious. He like me bro. I know That he to the end anyway. He like shit. Yeah, He probably about to retire too. You know he done cashed out too in the NBA. So hey listen K Love Straight and that's the one we need to talk to. He got, he been a part of a lot of basketball stores. People probably don't know about K pull up bro. We need you on the show for show man, since High school nigga For sure you, you definitely a top one of the top guests I want for sure. Yeah, we gotta get Caleb up on the show. He been part of crazy rosters for sure. Isaiah Thomas man signed with the jazz G League trying to make a comeback out to him man.

(5m 1s):
Trying to get active steel. But That go to what bro's saying, man, sometimes niggas just love to hoop bro. Yeah. He just like, that's one person that just love to hoop. Just love to hoop bro. Like he getting a lot of slander but it, he just love the hoop. Yeah, he don't really care nothing about none of that bro. He just trying to hoop stay in shape and still, you know what I mean? Put his mark in the league. Yeah, max. He like the hoop. I I love that. I like the hoop bro. So yeah, I get Jimmy, you know you playing with Max money and all that but sometimes man it's about what got you there. Yeah Ryan, you come from humble beginners bro. You ain't no Malibu type nigga bro. Like I don't understand that man. You come from real humble beginners bro. So I don't know.

(5m 41s):
Yeah, I'm usually always pro player in these situations when it comes between players in front office. But this one just like, all right, just wrap it up like it is funny but like you said, enough is enough man, I, I'm still pro players. I want Jimmy to get his money and everything. I don't know what the situation was in Miami. They might have told him something and then something else happened. That's what happened in Minnesota. So yeah. Could be the same thing in Miami. I don't know. But I still like hooping so I still go out there and hoop. I'll probably be like fuck management. But yeah, I'll go out there and hoop. I wouldn't talk to nobody up in the upper room. I'll just go hoop. I'll talk to my teammates every time they ask me go do a meeting, I'd be like, nah, for real. They'd be like, you wanna do media? No, no.

(6m 22s):
And if I did I'd do like beast mode. I'm just here so I don't get fine. Like that's all I would say go get 40. Don't do no media. That's swear. Yeah, that would be a better way. What's my man that didn't do media when he dropped the pass? Oh Mark Andrews. Yeah, I'm on that. Hey, the First time he get in front of a camera boy they gonna kill you. It ain't gonna matter what has happened in his life since. Bro. He's gonna to get torched come To club five 20. We ain't gonna torture you. Nah, somebody in the live copy is gonna twi you, but we gonna show love for sure. Listen tel, you know that's our people. But they did. No it's not, they did Isaiah greasy yesterday man.

(7m 2s):
Yeah they did man. They put our report that said the NBA put a a restraining order on Isaiah Thomas. Man, I'm sick of them. We Ain't, we ain't gonna do that Sintel now I gotta draw the line. We ain't, we ain't doing, that's our guy, Isaiah Thomas slander man. Nah, that's our guy man. We ain't, we can't let y'all do that one but We still rock to sillion of the vibes. We need to clap for sure. Yeah, for sure. Sure. Oh I like you said he love hooping. I just wonder, I'm like damn, I don't know. When did, when do you give up? I mean I'm not saying he need to give up. Obviously he still got basketball left but I'm just like damn is the writing on the wall? You know what I mean? I think he, he don't want to go hoot with the niggas at the Y bro.

(7m 42s):
Yeah, He, he probably don't got no good group like you, you know what I mean? Like go get some good bump pause like you know I, I mean I don't know if you still in Seattle, it's probably some good runs out there but he like shit if I can go to the G league and get a good run, Fuck it. I mean I know he wanna play in the league 'cause he said he wanna play two or three more years or whatever. So I know he going to the G league so he can go kill real quick and hopefully get caught up. I get it. I was just wondering like He gonna have to average 40. Yeah he done it, done it a couple times. Well That's what I'm saying though, like he can't go in there averaging 15. Nah, nah he just, last year he averaged what 33? Yeah he got called last year didn't he? Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. So I'm saying he gonna have to do that again but Oh I think he just love hooping like y'all do though. Nah, facts. I know he love hooping but I'm like he's so talented.

(8m 24s):
Like I done see him do like commentating other stuff like that and like endless work I was never gonna do. I dunno you could just tell he loved basketball and He feel like he got, it got stripped from him though. It Did. It did. Did you hear? Yeah he was on his way to being a hall of famer. Yeah bro. But he was on that pace but he was like a three time all star. Yeah bro. He was and just actually getting better and better every year. And then he said he had mastered the game so and he was, he was averaging them there 30 points at five nine. Yeah bro you figured it out. So it did get stripped from him but damn. And I know, I mean I understand you know you trade for Kyrie but you know saying previous entry I Isaiah Thomas like was dogging shit.

(9m 5s):
Yeah he was so I understand why he feel the way he flipped like I get it. Yeah he was at, it's not might be unpopular but he was damn near the best point guard. Where That year, them two years, like that year he got hurt In the league. Yeah bro he was averaging 30. You talking about 15 to 16? He had, he had, he had a couple like Nah bro I'm telling you Isaiah Thomas let go to the killer bro. But like on Bro he was averaging 28 bro. I swear To, I just got rid of my headache this morning bro. Bro he was averaging 28 points a nine. He, Isaiah Thomas was, was a killer bro. The best point guard in the league is crazy. I said he was up there and it was like it wasn't, it was kind of debatable bro.

(9m 51s):
You gotta think about their team. He had them what top two in the east damn there and you can't name another motherfucker on that team. But Al Horford He ranks high than me because just of his height and his, you know what I mean? But just think about who else was on that team. They had Jay, Crowder, Avery, Bradley, Avery, Avery, Bradley. No shout out. No, no Slight to them but yeah like they ain't really moving the needle nowhere like you know what I mean? Not him dragging that team up like that and Al Ho it was him. Bryan had great schemes for him too but yeah but So You think he got like a Well my nigga got Young Impact, My nigga had 50 in the playoff game like after the sister Yo bro I just the best player in the best player guard in the league.

(10m 33s):
He had a team he said he had the best season of of those people. Yeah that was the top of the season. I ain't going for the best PG but of the season. Yeah he definitely that season right there he was arguably one of probably the best guard in the league. Yeah you couldn't stop him like Jeff down there. Oh go to the top 10. Is that the year? I'm sure. I'm sure he was. He had Stefan, Russell two, Chris, Paul, three, Kyle, Larry, four D, five Ken six, they was lying John Ball seven Reggie eight Drew nine, Teague 10. Where is he on this list? Yeah they was lying. I was not better than than Year. Like they lying, they average 28 for sure we gotta move on man. But shout to it man. Shit effect as much as you play bro.

(11m 14s):
People didn't even think that's a random snap for you. Yeah he was top 10 Like niggas don't know how good a nigga was. Niggas just top shit. They comment, they comment on that run every day was like people forget that like he was a real NBA player. Nah for real bro. Fucking With us. You definitely played with N one. You played with Hot Sauce With. I forgot I played basketball nigga how much niggas roast Field This when I see about highlights I be like damn I forgot I did who? Damn. Nah but out to it man still living a dream hoop out brother. The Rockets took care of the Celtic yesterday crazy crazy game. The game weather from Thompson. Hey man y'all, y'all broadcast this game live? Tell me Dylan Brooks. Yeah man we Ten three from Dillon Brooks.

(11m 56s):
Wow. He shot 15 of them hoes. 15. Yeah that's a great night. I'm hooping, I like the rockets man. Mm They were fun like watching that game. They a fun team to watch. They kind of play free. Everybody get a chance. I I, I, yeah I like, I like M Ma. Yeah I like how he coached man. He got that getback yesterday too. Yeah, love to see that. And he was trapping jt you could tell he wanted to win that game. Ah yeah, yeah that was, yeah that game meant a lots of rock. Yeah I got so for y'all. Nah Yeah, yeah for sure. But I don't know. I was calling at the end of the game man. JB was out of pocket man. What'd he do? He should have gave a ball to Jason Tatum. Man they Was Doubling.

(12m 36s):
He tied the game up bro. Like come on bro. Like I'm giving you you, I'm letting you cook all game bro. JB definitely had two. Yeah he was cooking all game. Yeah he Was cooking all game bro. But like nigga I'm open after ball bro. They double Him though. But that's, that's inmate knowing that team. Yeah he like get the ball outta Jason hand. JB will try to take it home. Nah, for real That's mean he's coaching. Yeah he the personnel for sure. And JB did what he was supposed to do but Thompson did his thing too went Crazy. I told you man three nine he a star. You'll never ever get your bitch back man. He a star. It's over for Jabari. Yeah he gonna have to get off the mud and that's no disrespect bro.

(13m 17s):
Bro bro I been hurt before. Yeah, Nah bro. You, you right. It is just the the leap that Thompson is taking, you gotta kind of be like yeah bro He is Star. Yeah if he's on the bench, somebody from front office coming down saying if he's not starting you're not gonna be here. He just does so much for the team. Yeah, he's a better all around player than of Facts. Come on. 13 from 19 once he figured out his three ball that jump shot bro he he got star written all over him. It was interesting to hear you and Gil talk about that. You said it was gonna probably take two years for it to break it down and get it back up or for the jump shot to be Elite. So in two years is probably what contract time? Yeah he'll be Max for sure like if he could get his jumper just to like Lou dot status.

(14m 0s):
Remember Lou dot couldn't shoot Nah he never cash money down and now Lou Dordain there 38 from the three I think somewhere around there if he can get it just to that point. Oh he gonna be Unguardable And they rebound like Giannis boy Man. Well he so Said Joe was crazy bro And he wasn't playing no scrub yesterday. He played two of the best wings in the NBA the best duo in the NBA. What day He like a matchup nightmare 'cause he played a four So you got poor Zenga and Lou Cornett. They switching off on him. He just running full speed at him like Giannis and getting to the basket then playing in transition. He too athletic too fast. He jumped one of the highest jumping dudes in the league. Like Cornett playing too many men for me.

(14m 40s):
I don't wanna take no money outta nobody Family mouth but I'm asleep bro. Having him in at the end of the game was crazy bro. Well White Was out. Who else was out? Yeah, I was gonna say bro they probably, this is just, just one. This is just this night to play bro. Jason To get on, put on your Max Johnson. Jasons play the five I'm nothing bro. Our whip was out. Yeah bro they, they just chilling bro. Tap bro. They need to, they need to rest bro. That whole team need to sense who been Allstar Breaker's gonna be great to that team for sure. Hey but shout out to the rockers for win the game where they start players and play the best. Like we just shout out to, I mean obviously they important players but we didn't say Jalen Green. We didn't say Shake, we said two of their role players went crazy. Yeah, that's a good song as well, man.

(15m 21s):
Nah, Jalen Green needs Thompson Doe. He need Thompson bro. Oh yeah, that's gonna, he also got hurt though. Yeah but nigga I was, well like Mike Tyson got him but the, I didn't stop him from shooting three for 13 boy. He said I'm gonna still try.

(15m 36s):
The action is always heating up on the field at the Draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sports Book. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits if you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.

(16m 42s):
Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.

(17m 41s):
John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,

(18m 19s):
The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A Lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mul who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.

(19m 11s):
Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes' First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. Along with my co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes' first CEO we're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent Shockwaves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott to a Tonga, Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the First time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their clients signing on the dotted line. Listen to the Athletes First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

(20m 18s):
Sons beat the Clippers yesterday. One 11 and 1 0 9. Be hitting your team man. Five for the last six. What's going on? You know, shout to the guys man, bud put the beer down the the We got louder. We just Jell man. We just, the vibes is back. The vibes is back. I hate that for though, bill. Yeah, he's definitely not the vibe. You're definitely not. You're out of there. Most definitely figuring that out. Now, Reports came out yesterday regarding Bradley. Bill going to Chicago. No, that wouldn't include Jimmy Butler going to Phoenix. He Speaking on that though. Bradley Bill said hell nah.

(20m 59s):
I'm telling you how they can't, you can't report nothing on the sun until none of this is gonna happen to Bradley. I had to go live. I love Brad be every time it's a trade. I'm not gonna Chicago no waste your time writing about this. He Made that clear. He, I don't even know why people report on the Suns. He just report. Brad be is Brad be okay with wherever you want to go and we need an ISO for Brad be for the entire until the trade that law is just call right Bill every day and see how you feel. Nah, but Jeff said it though Bud do better with less bro. I swear. So he only need two bro. Two is five, two is enough. So shout out to that last five out six for Sure. The book was hoop yesterday. 26 8 7 K had 24.

(21m 40s):
Zu Big killing man. He had 25 to 16. James Hart almost had a trippy dub 24, 10 and six. Listen, I ain't gonna say too much about the Clippers. I mean like you said, the son's been on the road man they a really good team when they playing right for show. Also Nick Richards is definitely a a big difference make for man. Yeah man. He had a 20 and 19 game the other day. Yeah, he, yeah Ner he fit them well Man. Ner don't really. Yeah he about Outta there bro. Big 13 all we can definitely now if you want look motherfucker, he'd be elite over here. Have you Start thinking about your team? Nah. Who said they was gonna play with you? Dwight Howard. Oh wow. Yo. But false. Damn. That was crazy.

(22m 20s):
I said yo, Yo. I would try to do you like that? I was thinking about my nigga who came with Jason Tatum that went to Duke. Oh. That's why I wasn't thinking about Dwight Howard. I fuck with Emil. But like if Dwight Howard pull IL would be the coach. Yeah but if Dwight Howard, no disrespect to Mil but if Dwight said Howard Play, you gonna let him play? Nah nigga, if Dwight Howard wanna play basketball on the big three because nigga I just heard the allegations. If you wanna play in the big three basketball. Oh and he wants to be on the same basketball team as me. That's what you call threesome though. No a good one. The big three.

(23m 3s):
Alright there about if he wants to play an ice cube basketball league, I can't even call it the big three. If he wanna play an ice cube, basketball league. Funny. He said three man we nah get out on the break. Nah I ain't doing that. We ain. I seen JR Smith, Jr Smith then you know I already stepped up on there. Ain't no basketball slander going on. Yeah, nah man. Shout out to Dwight man. Shout out to Nuke. Get well soon. My boy, the Bulls secure the nuggets yesterday. 1 29 to 1 21. Every time we go get to Chicago Bulls they beat somebody every single time. It did not fail us again. Last night, Jack Levine had 21, Boch had 2010 to six Yolk still had no triple double anyway.

(23m 43s):
33 14 to 12 and Christian Bra had 28 and five. Man the Bulls B won that game for them. Outscored the nuggets. 41 to 10. Damn. Which is crazy. I didn't know that. Yeah And the Bulls also hit 24 threes and the nuggets hit six. Yeah that was a just a good game for the Bulls last night. That was I, I still love watching Zach Levine play basketball this year. Hooper. We had a topic the other day when somebody misquoted me and told me that Donovan Mitchell was better than Shay and then said move on nigga. I swear to God move On. He said it. No I did not. Nigga he did. I said Donovan Mitchell was better than So Whoever is the, I'm not gonna call y'all fan supporter of him that tell him that you're a liar to No It was Donovan Mitchell.

(24m 28s):
It was Donovan Mitchell against Anthony Edwards. Okay. Still Ant But you said Sha. I'm just saying they was equal. I never, no nigga runner up MVP. No. Mm No. But my new topic is Devin Booker and Zach Levine and Zach Levine in there with Donovan Mitchell and all those guys like as a top shooting guard. He gotta be mentioned in that category. I know they not winning shit really? But when he plays, he plays Well Who would you rather have Donovan or Obviously Donovan. He is. So you had to just start a brand new team Donovan Mitchell. 'cause he done led Utah to the playoffs. Yeah. Led the Cavs to the playoffs. Zach Levine ain't led shit.

(25m 9s):
I don't, has he even been to the playoffs? I don't know. Did he go in Minnesota? Nah, he was gone because they went to playoffs when they got Jimmy. I don't think he ever, I don't even think he made the playoffs. If Zach Levine been to the playoffs, it's crazy. I wouldn't be surprised if he didn't make the playoffs. Yeah, he had won in 2017. Oh okay. He made the playoffs one time. Yeah. Yeah. Oh that's nasty. Free that man. Yeah that's just, I think he be hoop atory so I wouldn't, I wouldn't take him 'cause I don't think he's a a leader. I think he's a great basketball player. I don't think he's a leader. I don't think he could lead my franchise. Who more skilled? Nah, that's a good question. Even better. One Who more athletic? Zach Levine.

(25m 49s):
Who more skilled? Yeah that's, that's debatable. I don't, they both skilled as fuck. They both can shoot the three, both get to the basket. Okay. I ain't mad at that pitch. I think Donovan and more of a dog. Mm. I think he got a little more dog in him like you know what I mean? I ain't saying Zach don't and it might just be I see what you 15 I think Donvan got a chance to display it too. It might just be the teams he was on. So I get a chance to see that. But I think once Zack get around some people that's on his level on that type of time, he gonna see that too. I mean you might I just haven't. Yeah that's true. But he is in that conversation. The top shooting guards in the league though. Yeah, I see what you're saying. That's all I was saying. But the bull, I still gotta trade Him and guy Trey boots don't fall for this fool's goal at doing all right right now.

(26m 33s):
Don't go try to make a playoff push. It don't matter. You need to have very, very high pick this year Freedom guys. Man. Don't fall for the fool's goat. Like I think if we see him with the Denver Nuggets, the Lakers or something, we appreciate Zach Levine a little more. We'd be like damn. Yeah maybe not the Lakers. No the We'd probably hate him if he go to the Lakers. Yeah we would. Yeah that would be terrible. He fucking around have a a eight, a 6, 8, 8, 9, 10 point game. Motherfuckers start calling him sad and shit. Yeah they they not calling the people over there but they see me just played because the way they did Westbrook man bro they did every they knew everybody greasy though. They are equal opportunities over there if you fuck them up there. Yeah you getting close. The only person that they used to hate on Brian when Brian first got there.

(27m 12s):
Hell yeah. There's some Lake fans that still hate Brian. Yeah So You the first Laker team with Lance doing that good guitar shit and they was getting they ass whooped. Oh yeah. Yeah they was mad at them. That Robert sore RS team back. Oh yeah they used to get blamed but I think Zach bene should be a nugget bro after seeing what's going on with the nuggets. Maybe they need a little break too 'cause they had a hell of a stretch. They still need another dynamic score on that team. I think he'd fit well with them. He deserved the opportunity for sure. Yeah. Yeah It wouldn't be bad for sure man. Speaking of the Lakers man ad went crazy yesterday. 42 and 23. They got they four straight in the row over the Hornet. One 12 to 1 0 7 Will numbers, Elite numbers after the game or Nah not This before. Nah, just, just, just during the game.

(27m 53s):
Yeah. Shout to ad and his, his situation Bro had 22 8 7 miles. Bridges had 26. Melanie had seven 'cause he went down with an injury. Unfortunately That's the only reason why they won. Yeah I was gonna, it was a close game and he didn't play the whole game too man. He might have Fucking got injured. He more, he like his ankles worse than Steph. Yeah it is. I agree bro. Steph had them old school ankle bracelets too. I think he done got injured every year He played. Yeah. Damn. Like what's the most games mellow played in the season? Probably the Allstar year Might be that Nigga just right the fuck is that say Lainey ball.

(28m 36s):
What that nigga in Chad GBT. I wonder how many like what's the most he played because he stayed hurt On Google. You probably can just type in Lalo ball stats and it'll all pop up. Boom. How many Yeah Allstar year. Damn. Yep. Damn look at that 31, 22, 36, 75 and 51. Yeah that's quiet bro. Yeah he just got to the league. He, He about, he's about as bad as Zion. Hey you know what's far about that but nobody say shit. Hey he wouldn't play like 200 games and got a max deal. That's far. That's crazy.

(29m 16s):
Has anybody got I would've that we got a million for Don't have the off core allegations. He probably, he got a million. He a million for every game he played. Yeah I don't have but he played less than Zion. Zion been here a little bit longer too. They came? Nah they came a year. He came in a year before. Yeah. Yeah this year before. No they got the same line. Hey shout to them for getting paid for doing the lease On the court. Yeah but he forget Off the court. Mellow will never have a double limb. Nah, never, never, never. But they don't ever say nothing about Mellow though. I wonder why that is because bro he's cold. She's not loud bro.

(29m 57s):
He ain't Zion really don't say nothing. Yeah but you loud bro. His bitches say something that's Big problem. Yeah you dress loud yo bitch loud like you can't stay in shape like respect. I mean we just injured over here Man. And we won't even be hearing for Zion Z be chilling him to be on that way. That's what I'm saying. But everything he do speaks for him. It does bro. I respect it though. Actions speak louder than Warriors bro. That's what my girl Told they they do say that. That's a club. I leave that alone. But how y'all feel about Jerry bidder Bo getting back for the RS team man You think him and Dorian Fannie Smith can give them defensive push they need? No I think so, man.

(30m 38s):
I don't, I just not a, I don't like the Lakers. I don't like watching that team. I watch him 'cause we have to, I hate watching that team play basketball. Yeah that's not one of my, I don't wanna see LeBron like this bro. He's not. I'm real guys. Oh. I've never been a Laker fan. I to tell you that. They're not a League pass team for me. I've never liked the Lakers my whole life. Damn. Like when be was there? No but I never, when Shaq and Kobe, I never liked the Lakers. What They colors his ass bro. Like I ain't never been a, I wouldn't expect him say that. I'm just saying bro never thought that was flare. Like I don't think you can get fresh from purple and gold. I ain't hating but it just never Bro you're not getting fresh in no jersey bro. Here y'all go chill.

(31m 19s):
But I, I gotta fire Nick Van extra Jersey like I just never like was hyped to see that like I think it's 'cause Magic Johnson used to wear them knee pads. I was like that shit ass. Yeah that that might have meant for off the court activities as Well's Crazy. We ain't gonna do magic like come on man. That's what a hoes bro don't do magic like What he using It for. Nigga did used to get carpet burn back in the day though man I'm just saying like I ain't never really been a Laker fan. I ain't eating on an a Lakers. I I get that respect. They you know all they done for the league and shit but For he was not a Laker fan when they was playing up against Sack and Portland.

(31m 59s):
Hell no I want a sack in Portland to kill them. Damn bro that Shaq and Kobe Taylor them was crazy hated Him and they cheat. Rick Fox was cold. They cheated Portland, they cheated Sacramento. Nah they beat us in the final. So there's definitely no love on my end. Hell no. I ain't never liked them But that was Elite. It was always respect. It was always respect always. For Sure. Corey lid bro. I knew they was good but like I hated watching they series. Like I like watching Sacramento. I like Biby and them. I liked Portland. I liked the jail Blazers. I ain't never liked them. I can't, I can't say Sacramento was more exciting. Yeah To, to grow up. Know the thing I cheated makes me mad because I fucked with that Sacramento team bro. And Is Paige's three quavis better than Manu Jy?

(32m 39s):
No, I don't know the way Gill made the scene that's why I asked go to page so I no it I fuck with Paige. Paige Cole. That's why I can y'all please put up the Gill told me man average 12 points for his career. I'm trying to figure this out. Gil be on that though. Yeah he do be on that because my oppi cold. Oh we was shaking shit out the door with Gil yesterday. All her. Oh my god. Excuse me. This nigga done pulled up a Disney movie. What? This nigga pulled up Pepper Pig. We need this Jen. This I got. Don't worry. There we go. What he average for his career?

(33m 20s):
Eight points. Ah hell nah he ain't better than that. Wait, wait, wait, wait. That looks like one season that that's his entire career as eight points. Nah it can't be. Say y'all. Hell no. He average 17. Yeah I like man don't get it fucked up with Pedro. 14 years. Yeah he was hooping I'm I'm gonna take Paige. Nah mine wasn't them done won championships and shit. But also listen I agree but if you put Paige on that team with TP and Tim Duncan, hey he may not be able to facilitate the offense but boy open passes from Tim Moneyball Paige throw versus Mannu gin. You see what Bruce boy was doing? The hey sta my stat line better. I but man knew bro. He watching you knew watching the as. I know but Mano should have been a starter too as well.

(34m 1s):
They kind of cheated that shit. Mano was cold and man knew Gil Mano bust your ass bro. I told you that yesterday bro. I still stand on that. You getting you bro and Sham got it bro. Respect but on the other end. Oh it's green Gilgo bust his ass. It was green. He saw what James Hart did. Nigga Gill said what man do he was hot. He was hot so he's nowhere near me. Ah, love Gil. Y'all some trolls man I love that. The Knicks beat the sleeves off the Grizzlies yesterday. 1 43 to 1 0 6. Mikea Ben Hooping man he fixed the jump shot. He had 28. Kat had 24 and 11. Andre Laresa had 20 Triple J 21 and Ja ran only had 10 yesterday.

(34m 42s):
Oh Triple J four rebounds. I told you. I'm telling you it's not the vibe, it's quiet bro. If they make it healthy to the playoffs they could win it all told you.

(34m 57s):
Hey it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back now I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff like it's all colored. They changed it and the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah it was like do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app Apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.

(35m 56s):
John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts,

(36m 34s):
The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear From Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app Apple Podcast or wherever you listen.

(37m 27s):
What's up everybody? I'd Nam RK today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way. NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Burki That's sure to kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demurs the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

(38m 29s):
I just don't think they gonna make it healthy if they, even if they do bro. No you still nothing would Boston beating the fuck out of them bro. I Don't know bro. I think that would be a hell of a series. That would be a hell of a Eastern conference. Finals. Yeah. I don't know bro. Well nah they need to play a second round though because they both would be dead by then. Yeah that needs to be a second round matchup. I I'm starting to see some chink in the armor with the Boston Celtics. Oh what you peeping Break it down. They all drive right. Besides Drew Jason going Right, JB going right. Ing is definitely going right every time Going right or if he go left he's shooting a jumper. Yeah and I think Houston kind of exposed it last night a little bit.

(39m 11s):
Hm. I seen how they was doing and if you get the ball outta jc he not saying that he can't be a distributor like I think he's great. I think he can be all that. Yeah But that's not what he want to do. But they also didn't have Derrick White and Derrick White changed a lot for that team so most definitely. Let me relax. I'm saying though like nah But that Knicks team match up. Well Do you think that's a real big issue though, that niggas don't go to the left side of the court? Nah, 'cause they so good they shoot stepback threes and stuff. I'm just saying like if you get in an isolation situation Yeah if you force them to they left hand they do a lot of shit differently. Mm. It's going you know a stepback jumper but JT it's a good chance he gonna shoot a stepback. Oh Okay.

(39m 51s):
And I don't mean to like give out his recipe 'cause he can go left but he comfortable going to that step back either way. But most of the time if it's in that left hand step back But that's what make the grace. The grace so we know what they're gonna do. Exactly. You gotta stop it and shit you can do about it. Yeah and I don't know if everybody got, I don't know if you got six 10 defenders because he is six 10. If it could happen in the series though, do you think the Rockets could give him a fight? Nah, not in a seven game series. Not they don't got enough consistent Four One, they don't got enough consistent scores. Oh okay. Yeah Like Dylan Brooks hit 10 threes. I was just asking because you said E may kind of know them and He can make a nice game plan to make it tough on 'em though. Yeah but I also saw what the Boston so did with Kyrie Urban and Luca Dridge.

(40m 33s):
They, they don't reside in Houston Texas so chicks can get wicked for sure man that be good. Hey but man the Knicks like you said, if they get there healthy it is gonna be real ugly for sure. But the Knicks got the wings. The, I ain't gonna say they gonna lock 'em up but to compete they do. Yeah bro, I just, I'm, I'm picking Drew and Pingus over anybody over there that's a role player But I'm thinking the Celtics gotta get there healthy too. Drew been in and outta lineup D White outta lineup. I know they can take breaks or whatever but they gonna need Al Horford too. Yeah, Have to And Pingus gotta get there. If, if Kat don't get in foul trouble it's gonna to get ugly for No boss bitch. Yeah but Bench I feel like in the playoff show bench is like That's their weakness.

(41m 16s):
So needed bro. And that's New York weakness. They played damn near 10 people on the Boston Celtics bro it was so many people in the game yesterday. I didn't know bro. Oh it's new vs bro. You know what I'm saying? Nah, Celtics is a deeper team. I'm just saying like without poor Zyn is they're a different team. That's they biggest X factor not Drew. Nah, drew was always the X factor but Poor Zynga makes who's More important To that team? Yeah Drew Allen to be Drew. Okay. Yeah for sure because they played without poor Zynga already and basically won a championship without poor Zynga. He just liked the cherry on top. Yeah you Right. Yeah. You know What I mean? He just makes shit worse. Yeah for sure. But also I think the way that catch playing this year, that's a tough guard for anybody on that Boston team.

(41m 55s):
For sure. And if Jalen Bruss do what Jalen Bruss can do in the playoffs. I know Drew's a hell of a defender won the best. It's gonna be a hell of a series going back and forth all them. 'cause somebody gonna hoop. Yeah. Couple more games cover. Last night the K beat the piston yesterday one 10 to 91 Derrick s Scarlet had 22 a seven Donvan Mitchell had 21, they had 22 a seven. Not much to talk about. There is Donvan. Is is is he making an Allstar team? My young boy Who? Darius Garland is Darius making? I don't know man. I, I don't know. I don't even know. I think Trey Young. That fell outta the love. Damn. It's over for it. Yeah I think he might not make it. Probably not. Which is cool. I mean he on a max deal, who cares. But what would happens if Darius Garland doesn't make the all show team but Dam Lalo does.

(42m 39s):
Huh? Lalo it over there. He's he's cooked. Lolo's not make it. People gonna riot. Look we love Darius Garland. It's going be a fucking riot if Alo Ball don't make the, He not making that bro. That's dead bro. They lost too much. They can't do my boys vote like that. Even Jordan Pool said he deserve to be an Allstar Bro. That was hilarious. He said I'm playing. I was like I'm playing Allstar. Come on bro. He is hooping but come on bro. Somebody gotta score that motherfucker. Nah, the Wizards nobody on that team needs to be a set box box at all. He Is. If a mellow Ball does not make the playoffs, bro. The N NBA A is a joke. Oh he not making the playoffs. He's Oh, I'm Sorry. I'll whatever.

(43m 19s):
You wanna bet on that one. They are not recovering this season. I'm sorry. I I I meant the Allstar game y'all. I'm sorry bro. That's bullshit. He Not, he not making it. They tried to get Cooper Flag and just move down the street. They are not trying to be in nobody playoffs. Oh. We don't have to look at the sales. We know exactly where they're at. Right at the bottom. Yeah. Washington. Nah, I, I miss word that. Oh. Cooper Flagg go to the Hornets. That's hard. They might be hard. Yeah the NB a's gonna punish the Wizard and not give him no one pick. He gonna be B Rad from Malibu once morning on that team. He gonna have a dumb cube in day one over to Charlotte. Let's go in the new balances. If he does not make the all y'all wildling bro. The Miller. I want the Miller make the Allstar game.

(43m 59s):
He Has to bro. Not making it bro. Look at they wins bro. We shall see. I think everything is revealed later this week so stay tuned for sure. Oh. Got 12 wins bro. Go. How many wins the Cavs got? The Cavs got 37. The Cavs have lost more games. Jeff is a fucking joke. The Wizards have won and it's nasty That 14 to 15 is double. The hoarders have doubled the wins of the Wizards. That's a joke. They don't deserve number one pick. He beat the magic yesterday in double ot. Crazy game 1 25 and one 19. Your favorite white boy had 30 12 and eight band was hooping. He had 26, 10 and now almost a trippy dub. And Franz came back hooping again with 29 and eight.

(44m 41s):
That was a hell of a game man. Double OT thriller. Yeah, I had the magic winning too. I did as well. Damn. But the, he said nah, we got the vibes out the way so we can hoop right now. I hate to see Tyler Hero not make the Allstar team 'cause he having a great year. Yeah, that's another one that But he won't be making it. Yeah, he won't make the Allstar Squiddy unfortunately. That's crazy man. I had my career and I don't get to love I deserve, We don't know yet y'all. Oh I know. 24, 5 and five. Yeah because you can't keep K cutting him off. You can't, you right. You can't, Can't keep Damien Lil Luol. Yeah that 14 jersey team ain't selling like that right now.

(45m 21s):
And two franchise leaders know how that go. Nah, switch. Switch the letter next to my position bro. Where you going Bro? Well forward bro. Make me a forward bro. Oh he can be a forward. He really ain't gonna make it. I, I don't know. No Big's really making it over him. He Still Oh, in, in the east. Yeah. You still gotta think about Jalen Brown. Jalen Brown will get an all-star Big for sure. But nobody wants to see Jalen Brown game. But that's just how it works. Why not JB Hoop in the Allstar game? I'm, I'm asleep on the strong ass layups in the Allstar game. Oh JB He Gunk Shit. Nah you got jb Fuck I'm just talking shit. Nah, JB go hoop.

(46m 1s):
I'm like hold on bro. JB the one going that Jason Tatu in the Allstar game. Yeah, I, I fuck with I'm talking shit. Nah, he can hoop for sure and deserving problem. I'm number one team return Champ. You will respect me. The Raptors got a dub yesterday against the Pelicans one 13 to 1 0 4 Freaky Z. First time playing back to backs. He had 31 yesterday. Yeah because Zion ain't Really good at basketball though. Zion code. Yeah, every Time he really play basketball he really be killing. That's why New Orleans be so fucked up. They like we cannot trade 'em. They Have to and Then you like once they be like we're not trading Zion, he gonna sit out for 10 years. Who worse? Him Jimmy Lalo. Hey To get off the head, Zion gotta get out there bro.

(46m 45s):
He said no, I, I shy 70% from the field that we lost bro. I definitely hit all my What? What more do y'all want from me Bro? Got 20. Get Zion out there man. Where Were you gonna send him to man? Not Atlanta, him And Cho Young go crazy. Not Charlotte. Send him, send him to Memphis. Nah Yeah send him to Memphis. Him and Him and Ja. Nah that would be fire. Send him to Memphis man. That would be fire. Let him play small forward. Ugh Nah he gotta play the four. Him and Z. Nah, I Mean him and Triple J. Nah because you gotta start, that's your, that's your bottom half.

(47m 27s):
Pause your front court Zion, triple J and Edie bro. No you can't play all three of them together bro. That is nasty. Triple J and Z in the game the same time. It's disgusting. They do play though. Played four And five. Need to trade him to Brooklyn. Why you trying to end his career? He about to send that nigga to New York? Yeah. I he Going down man. Not with Delo. He need to be in New York. No, not with dlo. It's Too early. He can't go to the Knicks. They can't fuck what they got going his first, his first summer indictment Here. Yeah, Jeff, Jeff Wilden bro. That Indic that Dykeman might get him. He ain't go see the first, the beginning of season. All DC No bro. You trying to kill him.

(48m 8s):
Zion gotta go somewhere. Where they winning bro? Chocolate City bro. They gotta go somewhere. Where? Ain't no vibes at Trey. Trey Zion for JR. For the Real JR. Julius rda. Oh, send Zion in Minnesota? Yeah, Send Zion in Minnesota. Well you thought they was packing the paint? Nah, we, we turned It up. He thought they was packing the paint with Julius Randall. We need them off Core Vibes. Nah, that's a like You J Luke. That's alright. Come on. That's crazy. Hey, shout to J Luke. Yes sir. New position man. With the ACEs. Yeah. Shout out to him bro. Boy, he the ball boy. That's crazy. Nah, I'm just playing Player Development and shout out to my dog.

(48m 49s):
Little Shout to my nigga Music. Soulchild. Get them girls together baby. Yeah. Cutting music Soulchild. That's crazy. He out of pocket. He was beat the Hawk yesterday. 192 A. He had 23 and five. Jr had 28. E Hunt was hooping though. He had 35. Yeah. How you feel about that Win BN I'm fucking with it. We be the, we be the down team though. Yeah. Y'all punching down last night? Yeah, I mean We was under man. Yeah they was. I was under Man I ain't, I ain't gonna boast too much on it For sure. Like you said that the hawk are hurt So you give a little bit of grace for sure. Mass beat the Wizards one 30 to 1 0 8. Shout to Clay Thompson for having 23 points because he had 21 in the first quarter with seven threes. He didn't do shit else the rest of the game. And that's why I love Clay Thompson.

(49m 30s):
He, He didn't have to man we played some scrubs. I contributed. Yeah og. I did what I did What y'all needed Argue out the way. Yeah, Out the gate. That was, they didn't care about that win though man. Load Up the boat. Yeah the Wizards that's Yeah, they wanna lose every game so it's cool. Jordan, what about they Don't get the number one pick? They don't deserve it. I hope they don't. Has that ever happened before? Yeah. Yeah. The worst thing to always get the number one pick. Do you at least get top three? Sometimes yeah. Damn. Typically you might get two or three. Oh okay. But you know they got this new thing now that they regulate tour like it, it tracks how you do at the end of the season. That plays into like the lottery ball situation. 'cause it, I could be mistaken but the last, like last year the worst team did not get the number one pick.

(50m 11s):
Damn. They just gonna send it whoever they ever think and it's gonna be Utah and they are trying to get Cooper Flag to be a next like superstar to NBA and they are not interested in him being there. I wouldn't wanna go to Utah or Portland. Utah would be too crazy. He gonna Utah, I don't want want him to go to Portland. Me either. Yeah. I don't wanna send nobody to Portland, no shade to Portland. But I love to city Portland too. But yeah that y'all going through some shit right now. We ain't seen him there. Utah's crazy. I think he gonna go to Utah but then you might see Dylan Harper Rice Bailey there though. Where and Washington. I could see Dylan Harper but they just drafted a point guard.

(50m 51s):
They gotta give him a chance. Yeah it be, it'll be ace. Damn man that That's a nasty fucking combo though. Ace and Sar. Yeah It is quiet. Wicked Ace. Need to go to like Portland. He need to go to Portland. Yeah Alright. He'll go hoop. Yeah he'll go up there shoot the ball every single time. I'm rolling with that. He think he is. I agree with that. But he ain't because Sharp what's the dude name? Shaken Sharp. He nice. For real. I remember when the Pacers were contemplating taking him and I was just like hey I'm not mad at that. Pick all Simons gotta get out There. Most definitely for that man. And nice for real too. I would like to see him in a different situation. Know we talk about a lot but somebody else who just kinda hooping that team look like a low maintenance type player.

(51m 34s):
He don't do too much but get Buckets. He played hard bro. He he trying to win bro. That ain't that. That's not the vibe for him. Yeah He really be hooping. Yeah very Capable for sure. Bucks beat the jazz yesterday 1 25 to one 10 GNI and Dam both had 35 y. Y'all just had the 18 rebound seven assists. They figuring that out bro. Dam had eight and five as well. Yeah that's a scary team man. That Duo was insane bro. Man come on bro. Shout, Shout to Dam letting that ego down man. That's he a real one. You know what too? It's A big adjustment bro. Shout out to Doc too for like figuring that out to an extent. I know both of them was gonna figure it out. Took a little bit of time. A lot of screw good win against his name but they figured that out. Like you said the vibes is strong.

(52m 14s):
I think that kind of hurts to get to Chris Millen case 'cause they kind of looking open to moving him to Progressive the team but they figured it out for sure. Man I fuck with Dame man. He don't, he ain't got any honest way. He just came there like shit bro, I'm trying to hoop but you know I'm, I'm following your lead like let's just make it make sense. Thanks For sure. We got a question from the chat from it's Ricky man I this question, whenever big man switches on the guard, why do the guard wish you the step back three pointer? Wouldn't that be harder shot because the guy's taller contesting it? Nah, nah I used to get my shit off all the time. It is actually an easier shot 'cause usually the big give you a little space because they know you faster. So once you start attacking they retreat a little bit and they're on the heels and you able to get your shot off trying to get to the basket on a taller player who usually a center or whoever it is, they could contest at the realm very well.

(53m 2s):
So when you get to the league you'll realize some of them big guys is not as slow as you think So you get a step on them, you get bombed, they meet you at the realm. That's actually a tougher layup to finish over a seven footer in the paint. Kick your foot out. I mean you should. I'm saying but that's what made Kyrie and all 'em dudes so special is that they could finish at the rim like that. Like finishing over seven footer is not as easy as it looks. They just make it look easy. I think one thing people don't account for is the like wingspan. Yeah. Like yeah he might have a step on you but he's seven foot tall bro. He's JR. JR Used to do it all the time shooting over bigs like that. I mean 'cause they give you space 'cause they know you faster than them and when you get 'em on they heels you able to get your shot off quick.

(53m 43s):
It's kind of easy reaction for sure. Alright, couple games next. See how y'all feel. Lakers at 76 ERs Lakers Light work. Rockets at Hawks. Rockets back to back Rockets. Yeah I wish the Hawks were at full shrimp. That'd be a really good game. Yeah, yeah. Jazz at Warriors won't be watching that. I'm gonna take the Warriors Warriors Bucks at Blazers probably will be asleep on that one as well. But most definitely bucks. Listen man, lot of good work yesterday be here verified buckets. Who was getting to it? I called a game when the Bucky yesterday in the Rockets game man. Amen Thompson bro. Man Tom had a hell of a game yesterday. My new favorite player 33 with the game winning float T I'm gonna go Dilla Brooks man.

(54m 24s):
36 piece zero sis. Real verified Buckets win ain't swinging shit. Only FGA baby. Shout out to Dilla Brooks. Man that's crazy. 36 is zeros. I'm gonna go with the combination. The best duo in the league. Giannis and Dane both getting 35 ka combina for 70 points. That's is scary. It's scary. Yeah it's crazy. Getting 70 together is crazy. Hey ad went insane yesterday. 42 and 23 is crazy. The POI conversation. I see this sat down with Sean's like what's up? Y'all think he gonna be in that conversation this year to get it bro. Be watching Lakers like that. This is crazy. I love It. Crazy. I ask that question just for the elephant too. Oh man. Yeah well soon be here. Who need to start that Tuesday off for some encouragement.

(55m 5s):
You know why I'm only doing that though? 'cause Gil kept saying we last night. Yeah. I'm like why you keep saying we bro. He is the fakest fan in the world bro. That nigga's annoying bro. Shit. Nah but Get well Sooner today goes to Miles, bridges man that's my guy. He even tweeted like, man everybody get dunked on. Yeah Miles Bridges got caught lacking. What? What side they calling Mix tape miles. Mix Tape miles. Yeah. Welcome to the Haiti. Hey. Oh my Lord. Yeah Welcome to Dorian Smith. Finney Smith Mixtape. Thank my negative Good balance. Good balance because if should would've failed that'd have been crazy.

(55m 46s):
Yeah. Yeah That make it worse. Yep. Hey what's so crazy? I say people, somebody that was a dime by Brian. Hey man bro did not make the play happen bro. He swing the ball. It might make some credit man them black shrimp be tough on people man. Yeah for sure man. Hey get well soon to the Grizzlies man. Miles Brogan pressure chew went crazy yesterday man. Both got a little mix tape situation wrong one Nigga mama name press I I don't wanna say get well soon. Let me just keep it up. God damnit get well sooner to Aaron go. Hell happened right here. Oh hey young Busell. He in the dunk contest.

(56m 26s):
He started his mixtape album on ag yesterday. He was supposed to be like that coming out of the draft last year when he going to the G league might have. I mean the Ignite might have hurt him. Think so. Yeah he been gelding back some. Yeah he wasn't looking that good. I agree. 16 we all right. Second one. You talking about pressure to Chewa? Yeah and Miles McBride Deuce Precious Dee a wild name For boys. Yeah same nigga. Hey. Oh my God they sure the whole nigga segment. Fuck it. Let's go. That was nice. That was nasty though.

(57m 9s):
Deuce was nasty. Precious. Nah. Wow. Well give Will soon to the fucking Grizzlies. Give Will soon to us for that one as well. Give Will soon to freaky Mike and Mount. They been fucking up later. Hey somebody. The cop was like I whole Mel is ready 'cause freaky Mike's outta here. I ain't trying to fire my niggas man. Hey man. Shout out to production team. We locked in man. Be here. We need some money man. What you got? Our contracts are up and oh Lord, Please stop. Let me do my spiel Lord God damn man.

(57m 53s):
Austin Reeves 15 Tyrese Maxey 25 Dave Willer 25. Anthony Simons 20 Lloyd Marketing 20. Steph Curry 20. Deandre Hunter 20. Let's Go 200 5K today man. 200 win 200 hit you five band, something Like that. Yeah. Wins 500. I mean $5,000. I'm sorry not 500. You think Tyrese Max again 25. Yeah, he gonna have to and all they get any chance to compete. He gonna shoot enough. Yeah, I'm gonna go with that. He getting that on the Lakers for sure. I got something on that for sure. Man.

(58m 24s):
Only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Make sure you use that promo called Club five 20.

(58m 29s):
Oh JB hey. Oh my God. Come here. My cousin like That. That was Josh Childre. That Wills. Yeah. Go ahead to get Josh Childre with Thero. Come here Will. Ow. His name is Jaylen Will. His name is Jay. You could have just said Jaylin. Listen man, we'll be back today. Talk tomorrow. We appreciate y'all. Five 20 In The Morning, The Volume.

(59m 0s):
Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(59m 31s):
John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 0m 9s):
What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did.

(1h 0m 39s):
What's up everybody? I'd Na Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and N NA's Favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.