
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cash back earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp NA person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


This is John Miko from Three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere and boom, you realize you're missing a part. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love. You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network.


Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months. The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesday, five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date. Everything's sports related, especially basketball.


I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left. I got Bishop Pinterest to my right. My brother t fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's Happening brother? What's up man? Good day for sports today. For sure man. Not too much noise last night man. But a lot going on. Listen, we woke up to Asan, LeBron, you know what I'm saying? Jimmy Butler, the agent let it be known that he is open to moving on from the heat. A couple teams that he has mentioned he will be okay playing for Includes the Dallas Mavericks, the Houston Rockets Golden State Warriors. Fellas, Bernie, he trying to make noise. Bernie bombs. I'm gonna have to go ahead and text Bernie man. Say what? Jimmy ready to leave. Okay. He's of those teams listed. That's that's some good teams that that could definitely use a Jimmy Butler Man.


If Jimmy goes to the Warriors, man I'm a, I'm gonna pull my Draymond green jersey after, after Raptors bro hanging up in the Raptors at the crib bro. I thought yesterday, you know what I'm saying? After, after the slam jam on Rudy that you was locked back in? Nah, I'm locked. That's still my, that's still a game. But it we'll be championship if we get Jimmy For Sure. For sure. Championship. Who they gonna have to trade for Jimmy Wig? Nah, I don't think they gonna take wig. They probably take know what? Yeah the youngsters moody probably a pick as well. Maybe two. Which on don't know if that ain. Golden Stanley gonna give up Minga. You don't think so? To win now because I think getting Jimmy's like they was talking about like this is his window possibly closing.


You think Jimmy could hit them back on the win now situation? No. Mm. What's the other team? He like Dallas. It's the next team we gonna speak about. Nah, nah, nah, nah. That he ain't a good fit for him. He too, he too dominant. That's too many Attitudes. That's too man. Yeah you not That's Lucas show. Yeah. Kyree embraced the Lucas show. Yeah. Yeah. He embraced it. But in a perfect world though, if he say he was all right, I'm about to buy him. He about to he fuck up Up to sacrifice everything bro. That's Lucas show. Yeah. Straight up. Straight up. What's another one? What's the other thing he used the rockets? Nah, You just gonna put them over the hump from a a c to a six seed.


It's too many young guns right there. They got, it's gonna be Minnesota all over. Hmm. That's interesting. Interesting analogy. Yeah. Like young superstars but yeah buddy, you know how to win now. Yo young budding stars on they way. Yeah, He gotta coming to there and Shake. You can't Talk to a man like he talk to Kat is different bro. Yeah, I don't like it. Golden State. The only possible place that I think works 'cause it's a whole bunch of veteran people that probably understand how he plays. Yep. And they all can relate Draymond and him similar attitudes. Steph is still in Win Now mode. He kind of said it too, Steph kind of put that in the air.


He was like, I only compete for championships. I only played to try to win championships and yeah, straight up he put that in the air and that was a, that was a little passive aggressive. Yeah. That in the air. So yeah. Dun Levy. Yeah I I know what you, you knew here bro, but we don't be doing this losing shit too much. Yeah. So I could see that happening. Golden State might be the move. Yeah. Championship might be extra. I'm just talking shit. But they, they'll be a great team with Jim. I mean you think about that lineup that they would have bro. Especially you got wig, him and Draymond switching bro, that's tough. That's some defense. That's tough. Ah, I like him with Golden State. I, if those are his possibilities, just go to the Warriors bro. Yeah, I'll take the Warriors too.


I don't really like him in Houston. That's Minnesota all over again. Mm. And then, yeah, outside of those teams, 'cause obviously we know when it comes to NBA you can say where you want to go. You might want to go and get sent the complete opposite. Oh yeah. He might be in Philly I guess might be going back to Philly. That would be hilarious. How soon do they move him though? Well they gotta mo I would imagine, I mean obviously by T Trade deadline which is February, but Oh okay, Okay. They got time. They Do. But I would imagine probably after the first of the year is you gonna see where your team's at and by that time you need to make a decision because if you, if you fool on rebuilding or for them shit, if Jimmy ain't gonna stay, he ain't sound extension, why not go get a young piece? Yeah. I don't know.


But that's because Commingle Ben Knight might be solid with that team. They have. They young too. They gonna have to trade Kaing if that's the, he gotta be in the books for that. Him and Moody gone for that. If I'm Minga I'm kind of requesting it a little bit like yeah send me down there Miami dog no state tax and that money he was looking for. I know there's been a lot of speculation about, you know what I'm saying? Him passing on his extension and what he could've got and not losing x amount of money to get this but he go down there and kill, he gonna get paid For sure. That's a solid team bro. I be talking shit about the heat but they solid. You can go get your show you know How to play too though. Yeah. I mean not saying he don't know how to play in Golden State because they got great culture too. But you go to people in the heat bro.


They, they get better. Everybody when you go down there, they get better for sure. Listen, we always joke about them role players going down there and playing out their minds but they got that beyond scared straight going down there for sure. Pat Rowley ain't playing with nobody. None. Yeah you used to speak about that all the time. This is the real training camp every day in this motherfucker. Yeah. Ain't no breaks nigga. Body fat gotta be a certain way. All kind of shit. That's Crazy. But I mean I guess have you Tried parole? That white dude he got, he lives rent free in my head bro. I know we talking about in a pod. We looked at Mill, we got a phone where he at now? Yeah. Lil Mill B scared straight. We need to find a follow up with some of them episodes and them kids what they was on because that little white kid that looked at him and asked him has he tried parole, we need to see what he was on bro. He gotta figure out if he made it out for sure.


Also another Sean's mom this morning man, the Neta said they are open to moving on some of their players. Dorian Finney Smith, camp Johnson and Dennis Schroeder. Yeah we knew that. I mean yeah man they playing too. Well they trying to tank for Cooper. Mm Brooklyn or Cooper. That's what they trying to do. They they in the sweepstakes they trying to be but they keep fucking winning. They like I gotta get rid of this Cam Johnson character 'cause he is hooping. Yeah. And then going for 30 every other night fucking up what we got going on. That's the crazy part about it. It's like all right, alright y'all hooping right now, y'all hot as hell. Get 'em go like we not supposed to be winning these games. That's crazy.


Damn. I just don't ke Johnson can go anywhere. I just don't know what be a good fit for for St. Schroder. That's what I was over thinking about. I think. I think LA would be a great fit. I'm not saying that to be funny. I think like that's like the perfect team for Dennis. Yeah. He doesn't care. He gonna play hard. He a Pepsi defender, he can score. Yeah. And the familiarity of playing with LeBron. Yeah. Is a hell of a XFactor be in that situation as well. I know we talk about that all the time. But you don't see nobody else though. Oh he can help a bunch of teams. Like he could really help Phoenix. They not going, they probably won't do that but he could though. Damn. I don't know if they could afford to make that happen but that that would be a hell of pick up for them. Yeah, he can't but he would help them a lot.


Shit. Who else is like anybody Out east Y that y'all think I can say? I don't know if they would trade him to anybody out east. But then again they are the Nets so you never know. They mortgage the Celtics future as we see now. They're the reason why they have JB and JT so you never know with them. But yeah, you go through the East Man shorter cut help out a couple teams for sure. Yeah, that's, but I just don't see them making the moves to them. Like I'm looking at these rosters like I don't know why the Nets would trade to any of these teams. The bug, he'd be great for the bugs. He'd be amazing for them. But what would they get back if they want outside of picks? Maybe a first rounder when you, when you one of those teams first round picks don't really matter to you no more. Like the Bucks having a first round pick.


Yeah. Like who they pick AJ Johnson. No offense to him but it's gonna be, these guys probably never gonna play or they never even like Marvin Amp. Yeah, yeah. He is the first round pick, but he is a 30th pick for sure. And also they just canceled his option for the year. So you don't like, they really don't use, they picks like they're like whatever, you know what I mean? The 30th pick no shade. They don't really pan out usually. Who's the point guard in Miami? Terry Rodier. And they used T hear too. Hmm. Yeah, they, they, they couldn't work for him. I mean if I think he's going, if they were to trade him, I'm imagining West it's the Lakers bro. The Lakers would be a good pick for for sure. It's the Lakers.


Damn. I even, I mean I know they still got CP three but even yeah, it don't make sense with the Spurs either. Like it is Asking, I'm just trying even to make it make sense For sure. Yeah, It's The Lakers. I mean if that had moved on Fort Tradey I'd say go back to the Hawks. But obviously that's still probably it. Yeah. DJ the rebrand. Yeah Man, I don't know. I don't dunno what's gonna happen with some of them but yeah, cam Johnson definitely need a move. Cam Johnson go anywhere. I want 'em with the Grizzlies though. Yeah.


Yeah. The Grizzlies can get Cam Johnson. Yeah. Western Conference finals possibly con, I mean finals. Okay. I like this agenda. You pushing right here? Yeah. If he could get with them. Mm. They might go to the finals bro. Dorian Finney Smith too. I think he's another player that could definitely, he need to go back to the Mavericks facts. Yeah, that's who the Mavs need. They need Doreen Finney Smith. They don't need Jimmy Butler


getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're sale a Draftking Sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns? Grab some TVDs with Draftking Sports book. They're sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use Code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back limited, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC. This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future.


It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level.


Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before. With EPN plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face-to-face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's Deadpool in Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice. Up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back.


Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and maybe used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century. Viking is different to Luna's. Who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies, which is also different to Jerome's. Ha. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from to to Amazon books.


That reading feeling awaits Hell of a take. I like that. Yeah, you need players who don't need to have the ball in their heads. Jimmy stepped have to have chance. Yeah and he playing familiar with Luca and he fit everything. Shoot threes play defense. That's who they need. Damn. Couple reunions we talking about right here for sure. Yeah, but listen man, we get to it yesterday Kat been going crazy man. Kat had 24 and 15 yesterday as the Knicks took care of the rappers yesterday. One 13 to 1 0 8. Listen man, fifth win last six games and Kat been talking crazy. What Ka been saying? Kat was popping his shit the end of that game yesterday with his deep voice. Well no we, we ain't, we ain't get there close enough mic to see which one. Oh okay. He, it might been in the mid boys so he ain't had trouble on last night.


New York, shit. Fucking New York. And he can tell y'all he not from New York. He's from, he's from Jersey. Jersey. He's from Jersey. He was telling y'all from Jersey. Not New York, but they keep calling him Bodega Cat. I think that's hilarious man. Bodega Cat Hard. That's, that's a, that's a hard nigga bro. Nah, Low key. Yeah, bodega Cat. He been going crazy though bro. Yeah. Respect. Just, hey man, listen yo, MVP take, like you said, maybe he don't get it but he deserves to be in the conversation. He's proving you Right. Every time he's playing bro. Just, just the conversation. You know he ain't gotta be top, you know, just throw his name out there. Hey listen, 25 and 13 is fire. I don't give a fuck how you feel about it. I mean, rap Yolk has been doing what he doing. You know he gotta, you know, everybody tread lightly. Oh, okay. Respect.


Nah. Kat Kat doing what he doing on other team. I mean other players is capable playing around like other players is capable of getting 20 a night and you dominating the team. Yeah, you deserve it bro. For sure man. Deserve it. Listen, we, we good. We be here now. It's a slow day so we gonna talk about some more. Best duos, captain Bruns in the league. I was quiet for Me. Still quiet. They ain't top five yet for you. Yeah, they top five for sure. They top five This season. This season obviously this season. I think they, that's go, I think they're the top duo this season to be honest. Mm. Like if you look at 'em, they both averaging 25 on a winning squad. I don't like them better than Dame and Giannis. I think they, I think they playing better than them right now. Not at this current.


I mean yeah they playing better than them right now since we have fun with this hypothetical. If you're taking them two and swapping teams, what team is better? If you take New York, Jaylen Brunson in Milwaukee, the they the same team. But if you put Dame, Ian and Nicks, you don't think it's a little bit different with that. The role players around them On everything is better. That's the same thing. Nah. Alright, let's do Matchups. You got Jaylen Brunson, Dame Lillard, cancel that. The two, you got two? Who? Who? The two in Milwaukee. Is it Chris Middleton or is he the three? Nah, Chris is a three. Well we got seen a lot Chris. Really? Yeah, he really a two. Fuck it. Put him at the two.


All right we are here. All right. Whoever. Who's New York? Two basically Mikel. All right. Giannis is the four. Who's the four for? Probably og. OG run the four. 'cause Josh run the three don't he? Who? Star for them But who the three for Milwaukee? OG starts. OG starts. I don't know who they started the three in Milwaukee. I think New York is better bro. New York got better role players than Bo the Milwaukee. I was Gonna say yeah, we gotta go to the Bucks too 'cause I feel like we Toy and Prince All right that that's their starting ball Green. I'm asleep It Josh Hart Tor and Prince. You taking Josh Hart? Oh all day. Mm. Gimme the Tor and Prince is legally the threes right now.


Tory to and Prince does play hard but Josh Hart plays harder bro. But Chris having Chris Wait, wait, wait. You rather have Josh Hart than Torry and Prince? Yeah, all day. Hmm. They like I'd rather have Tor and Prince just shooting a Billy on my team. Well When you got starts like that, it kind of stretched the floor. I mean I don't think it's a bad answer to either one but, but having Chris Milton is like they don't have Chris Milton on the Knicks. Yeah, Chris Milton is better than every role player on the Knick. Yeah, like Mikel Bridges is good but he is not Chris Mills. Nah, hell no. I give you that. I ain't 2020 In 2024. He still taking Chris Milton over OG two. Hell yeah. Okay. Chris Middleton. No I'm not disrespecting. I'm like this a conversation you see you have to bring that up.


I talked about how good he was. Why you Her ankles? That's a no brainer for me. My boy Had two hurt ankles giving all 40 Still. What? Fuck it. Fuck it. Hear shit. Walk yo. Get On DJ as I love be walking man. Save the Stop me Out family. But yeah, that's, that's crazy man. That's a hell of a duo for sure man. But Kat hitting that three talking shit to the crowd afterwards bro had me dying man. Well That's the best duo in the league right now. You Jeff said is that what you standing on too, dj? Nah, but I think they're definitely top three. They just playing crazy right now. Who was your number one? As much as it pays me to say this, I damn gotta say JB and JT bro.


Like I got to when they're on the court together bro. They whooping shit Since they got shit fresh out. Not fault I disrespected my boys. Yeah they, I gotta show love to that bro. Yeah, I, I disrespected y'all my fault. I see they so good. You forget about 'em. Yeah 'cause they just, they just handle business the off it'd be be easy for 'em like and they got so many other players that step up and play well. You forget like Derrick White got a fan club Drew how got a fan club. Derrick White got a crazy NBA career because I looked at that trade and like damn they moved him for Josh Richardson and no disrespect to Josh Richardson but god damn they came up in that situation bro. That was a lick bro. God damn they came up in that situation. Did you get Drew like man that's cheating.


We talk about how they cheating so much but it is dimmer crazy man. All Bro. I got the best front office in the NBA Fuck For sure. Why we here before we off the subject? You taking Chet and SGA over AE and Jr? Mm yeah. Yeah. Okay. I say there ain't no hesitation. Okay. Yeah. So I know, I know you feel about yo Shaq and Kobe. I just wanna see if They still Sha and Kobe ae or every time on NBAJ. I'm playing with Anthony Edwards and JR Jr. Versus all you niggas. It don't matter for sure. Did you see Him playing? Don't give a fuck up. If we playing NBA gyms, that ain't going, I'm not taking Kat in Bronson. I'm kicking your ass. I yeah, Yeah, I, I'm taking, I'm taking Katie a book.


I'm gonna beat your ass Katie. A book Weed. Nah, I might kill you. What books book Christmas on NBA jail No way. Hmm. Book Christmas. He got Everything at Here. We throwing a is throwing it off the backboard nigga he's on fire. Hell nah. You running with book? Yeah, no way bro. That was your two on NBA jam. Yeah and I love book book code but not on NBA Jam bro. You got a Finesse player already. You need a Bruiser Shooting. Threes on NBA jam. Damn bro. I, I'm trying to win. You sure Tre Ball? Yeah, I'm he gonna be, I'm locking that shit Gold team. Shit. They call Gold team some A a locking that shit up on NB Bro.


Ka NBA jam. I might go Damian's if I don't go Frans Apollo, but I might go Now Dan. There you go. Dj. That's the tool. That's what you're supposed to do on NBA. Yeah We're dunking everything. I'll fuck with that too. I'm, I'm shooting three, that's shooting two. We shooting three. Nah we locking up. That's why I used to play with Lil Sp Webb and them Yiannis is probably raw. NBAG Dope for fucking half court bro. Yeah on God when they bringing that back out that shit probably We was trying to play that bitch yesterday at the stove. Yeah We was. That's where I get epilepsy playing that down. God damn. Damn we ain't even say Luca Kyrie we out of pocket. My bad God. Luca Kyrie you Didn't really finish the name Luca and Kyrie is is better than Brunson and Ka.


I just said at this Karen moment who's playing better? Like my all like all time duos and stuff like that. That's JB and Kat ain up there. Yeah for sure. That Luke and Kyrie them two niggas. Yeah. Active facts for sure. For whatever reason we gonna talk about the Cowboys losing today. It is definitely a slow day in basketball. We gotta talk about the Cowboys losing but they lost in the fashion the way the Cowboys lose yesterday Monday Night Football. That So you had 'em lose them? I I told you I bet the house I I I ain't lead Y Stray if you ain't get no money yesterday you just didn't wanna listen. Listen man, Joe Burge Mar Chase do what they do best built a as situation. Both of these teams were supposed to be good this year.


They're both five and eight which is crazy and they pay a lot of money to the people on those teams. Which one of those teams you think they gonna reconstruct next year? Neither one of 'em. The Bengals don't do no reconstructing. Yeah you know they the cheapest senior. Yeah I gonna say they ain't about to do nothing. The Cowboys y'all shit, y'all lose every year so fuck it. It is. Bring 'em in or keep 'em. We don't, we don't lose I'm we get some playoffs but then we just suck. That's what happens to Cowboys this year. We didn't last to, we get some playoffs and we suck. That's what happens to Cowboys is the most overrated franchise ever In any sport. But guess who got the most paper? See what I'm Saying? Jerry Jones's Theses wanna talk about, You know what my favorite thing about it is We lost yesterday. It was the first person to interview Jerry Jones.


He's Like, well there's nobody else to talk to on that team bro. No you talk to me. It's my team. It's my team. Yeah there's nobody else on that team. You see how he Was talking to JB Fox. It is my team Jerry, Jerry Jones a lead bro. Yeah, He get to say what is so old he, His name is Jarrell you. I ain't never met a white JLL in my life. Yes bro. Jarrell Jones. Shout Out to his lineage bro. That's a cold name. You the first Jarrell, the White Jarrell Jarrell. Oh buddy. You named him his Oh man, his, yeah the real mom. His real mom name is Jre. Mom named Gerald Man. Oh man, shout, shout to Draco. Oh I believe in that alone. I got that One.


For real. I Catching up Smoke this Motherfucker that is legit. His real, eh, you know she named him Man Jarrell And it's spelled crazy too. Is it spelled with a G? No, with a J. Oh yeah he ghetto for sure. Jarrell. Yeah, she named him. He looked just like a little jarrell. So he had to, you know he had to put Jerry on that paperwork to clean Up. Yeah he just, Jerry Jones's real name. Oh man. If he didn't say that shit out of pocket. Gerald Jarrell. Wayne Jarrell Jarrell Wayne? Yeah bro.


Jarrell Wayne And Jones is a nigga name. That's crazy Boy. The 1942 boy. Yeah, I'm telling ya. Different water fountain era boy Jarrell. Yeah them job applications was wicked for him. He had to pull up for a show. Darrell Grew up in a group home. Don't do that bro. Oh. Shout to our people Pocket. What was that nigga name? See, shout to Roy. There's a white nigga named Roy. Material Don't make sense. I'm not laughing at y'all man. Shout out to Brother Re they had out there spitting on people on the Arkansas video. Hey. Yeah. Which is crazy.


Which is crazy bro. I don't know how that nickname was Jarrell. That's when he changed his name to Jerry bro. Nah for real. That's when, yeah when when the Polo came out he was Jerry. God damnit. But yeah, get well soon. Cowboys, we we, I don't know what we gonna do. You my nigga for dropping that bar. Y'all ignorant as fuck Bro. Nah, that video's crazy bro. He's got off a lot of different things bro. But that one is crazy bro. They had to go back to Ruby to catch you on camera book. You was filthy real. He was out. I'm calling that real for, for real bro. Ho man He definitely sue you call him Jll like there is his name.


There's So much money on that nigga name is crazy and He deserves half of it for sure. Oh man, Jarrell man. His middle name being Wayne is crazy too man. Wow. And Jarrell Wayne boy that sounds some shit I heard of on the block. Wayne, you gonna bring your ass in here. Them street lights came on. That's, he got a name that the the baby mama still hate the daddy. I'm gonna keep this baby even though he don't want me named Darrell Wayne. Well He ain't a junior so I, nah he a senior. He was the starter lineage So he named another nigga that. It's Crazy. The Lineage. Oh Man. Oh man I hate the cowboy so much man.


I don't know what we're gonna do next year obviously D go for the season. We how that nigga named more black than mine. It is, your name is Jeffrey. Y'all supposed to swap that name But you know but shout out to Mamat Papa Tea. They put DeMarco in there to keep shit straight. Hey Nigga. Damn you telling my government what the Fuck it's on Google? Hell he just ain't to senior. Brandon Tyrone. Tyrone is a I my mama. That's racist. Hey what if His name was Tyrone? Oh man That's crazy man. I don't what's March Chase?


I can't even talk after that. Jamar Chase been the best receiver in the league. Number two For me. Nah, Justin Jefferson? Yeah nobody Jefferson. But he's the close right behind Paul. But them two being on the same squad is crazy too. In college. That's cheating. That's absolutely cheating. I don't know what they gonna do with t Higgins though. Do LSU got the best receivers of all time. I'm just saying like of recent years they got killer bro. They the most you take Alabama or you take in LSU not boy. Oh wait, wide receivers? Yeah. Oh damn. That's kind of, that's tough. I would say younger I would. You got Odell Beckham, Jamar Chase, Justin Jefferson from LSU Alabama. You got my dogs Mark Cooper. You got my boy damn from Atlanta.


Damn. What's my dog name? What's you talking about? What? Why am I missing my dog name? Nah what? Nah damn. He he graduated my class. No he the, he the best One nigga he was killing. He looked like a rapper. You talking about Ju Julio? Yeah Julio Jones and my dog os U needs to be up there too. Especially in Reese years. So Os U got some killers at the wide receiver situation. Yeah they But if you going between them two? Yeah, I mean LSU got LSU got the most polarized What I think it might be. Alabama got killers too bro. If you go through that lineage bro. Yeah they got, I'm talking about as of recent though. Jamar, chase, Justin, Jefferson, Justin Jefferson and Odell. Bro that's, we Ain't even really name the other killers too.


That's crazy. They got the other old buddy that's on New York right now. Yeah, he too. Yeah. Nah, he's actually my neighbors. Yeah, yeah. No he's actually cold. That nigga is elite actually. Yeah those are two teams that are definitely underperforming but get well some, both of those teams for sure. Listen NBA Cup preview magic verse bucks. Mm. I hate that we get this game without the two stars. Even without Franz. I think with Franz this would've definitely been a totally different game. But I'm gonna take the buck. Yeah unfortunately I think the Bucks is gonna be built to add situation. Man. I love this NBA cup stuff because like we talked about the basketball, the level they play bro would be crazy.


Like they really be going all out. We know why 'cause boys trying to get that payday for sure. Nah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Boys can set out a regular season game to play the NBA Cup need that chicken as They should. Yeah I think, I think this right here could be a start for something special for the the Bucks they can get on a run. They win this NBA cup. Mm I think it can push they season four again. Crisp back. I think they gonna make a run anyway. I think Philly gonna make a run. I think my Hawk's gonna make a run but this is a big, big tournament for Damien Giannis for sure. Like you said playing in a high level situation, especially after last year's disappointments in their situation. I think this would definitely lead to something good for them. Yeah and they just need the continuity of playing together for sure. Facts but man it sucks man.


I wish the magic was healthy. This would be a crazy game but without it we know be great game. Yeah Probably built to add situation but in the next joint, well actually the Bucks now won The favorite some Win Cup. They're not the favorite though. We'll talk about who is the favorite shortly but the Mads and Thunder, could this be a Western Conference Finals preview? It definitely could. Yeah. Un unless Memphis Grizzlies get Cam Johnson. Okay then, then it's a different story. But as of now, this is the finals for me. I, I think the thunder got gotta get ready for this team 'cause I don't think that they ready for that in the postseason but right now I think they could definitely win this matchup. But in the, in the playoffs I'm taking, I'm taking Luke and Kyrie.


Who you taking in this game? Right here in this game. I'm rolling with the Thunder man. Young boys get to it. Yeah, I'm gonna take the thunder too. That the way Jalen Williams is playing right now. Math is just, They been play well too. They was killing without Luca. Luca came back. They saying both of them is crazy though. They built for the playoffs though. Yeah, The ma for sure. You got two killers that can go off at any moment. Then you got a couple role players who can get hot. Spencer Danie can have big moments. We know what Clay Thompson can do if he's, if he gets hot they just got a couple of capable players that can do some things that I don't think the thunder do. And what's crazy in the situation, the thunder are of favors in this game by four and a half. That line on draftings, it's looking like upset for a match if they win this.


I love the Thunder bro. My money, I'm taking the mask. I'll take, I put my money on the mask then. Okay. Yeah. To cover for sure. I would think. I think the Thunder gets this one. But if I have to go to playoff series twenties two, I'm definitely taking Luke and Kyrie. I'm not betting against them just 'cause they just a little bit more seasoning. You never know what Clay Thompson is going to do. That's the only thing that scared me. Yeah. Ain't They kind of crazy that we had to say that about Clay? Like we don't know what Clay Thompson you gonna get. I mean yeah I think he, that's crazy. It's crazy to see him until man. Yeah. To see him so many years. Like him being the most consistent shooter. Oh Yeah. So now we like damn, we don't know what Clay Thompson gonna get. And what's so crazy is, and Clay one of my favorite players so I mean of course you know your players at some point they're gone decline.


Yeah, yeah for sure bro. He was so good for so long. It's just like, it's not normal. Like we talk about like people like KD Bryant, like that's not normal. But then look other people, if you're good for eight years in the NBA, you had a fucking great career. Yeah. Facts. He played at a hall of Fame level for that long. Yeah, yeah. Facts and the injuries took him out obviously. Yeah that's kicked his as Ass. It just, it is like surprising like when you, those years that I played against the Ian play when he was open it was like that shit was automatic. And now sometimes when he open I be counting it and he'd be missing. I'd be like what the hell? Like that's good. You know what I mean? Just like damn Clay The normal now. Yeah. That's crazy. Kind of crazy. But like you said he, he gonna fuck around and have a playoff game and go for 30.


He gonna hit six three ish in the row. Some crazy shit, Bro. That's what they doing bro. Yeah bro. That's what I'm scared of. Drake marinating pause this nigga so he can just be all the way ready. Yeah bro. To go insane when it's time to kill. 'cause they was right there last year. So Bro I just need you for a couple game threes bro. Just, just shit the momentum. Couple times doing Like Miami, did Ray Allen like damn just got him in the tuck. I don't know the, The fucked up part about that is that Ray was so in shape but he didn't have those injuries. Yeah, that's that's what I think the difference because I, I agree he could've, I mean he been on that type of way but he could've ended his career like a Ray Allen. Just a higher gun for sure. But the injuries definitely take a little toll on him for sure. Nah for sure, for sure man.


But how y'all feel about the tournament? I know we talk about a lot. You fuck with a Teague? Yeah, I really was kind of lost when it first started. Now that it's like broken down to the last four teams or whatever. I get it now but at first I was a little lost. I ain't know what was going on. Yeah that chicken evolved. People feel a lot more optimistic about it. Like the group settings and all that stuff. I was trying to keep eye. I gave up. But now that we down to the final four, the matchups and stuff and I can look at it and look like a tournament, SC tournament style, I'm like that's easy for me. I keep up. See we get to the chip might go to Vegas. Yeah. I think if Milwaukee win this, that's gonna give them a crazy spark. NS would be scared. You know what's crazy, the team that's favorite is to win. That's him now it's a Knicks. Knicks. What would the Knicks fan base do if they win this?


Oh they gonna act like it's a championship for show. Yeah we got fuck. What's up? What's that? They have parade. Everybody go to Manhattan. Tom Square. We got fuck Tom Square up. Yeah That'd be funny. The Knicks fan base. What's my favorite hookah spot in there? Mm Pergola They gonna go crazy in Pergola. Gola. Where's that at? Mm. Go to New York. They'll tell you Shout to Google, go to Pergola. They'll tell you spread Teague sent you. Ah, Okay. Turn up who the MVP in this tournament. Ka. If the news bigs win Knicks win, Gianni's gonna get MVP or Luca. Hmm okay. Okay I see Mavs Mavs beat the Thunder.


Any, any Mavs with Thunder gonna win the whole thing for me. So if I could do something on DraftKings with that, I'll do that right now today. Damn. Say run it up. Yeah I think you might be able to do a futures in there. I don't know if it's be a matchup base but I think you could probably pick the outcome but the cup outcome for that. Yeah if I can I, I got, I got a couple hundred on that right now. Today A thunder knick series would be crazy. I mean not serious but a championship game that'd be fire. Yeah I kind of want the Knicks to win. I just wanna see how they fan base respond. They crash out. Yeah I want crash out. Yeah, just, just off the street of them going crazy. I would love to see the win for reason. Yeah. I just wanna see if they crash out. For real. So man listen man, verified buckets. Not too many people was working last night but still peoples getting to it. Be hearing who you got this morning man.


I'm gonna slide to the football side man. Jamar Chase 14 receptions 107, seven yards, two tds. Him and Joe Burrow special. Even though they trash, I fuck with that. They been going crazy. Yeah I don't wanna pick nobody on that but I'm gonna have gonna have to show some little Joe Burrow man. Come on. Yeah. 360 9 3 tds bro. Yeah 33 for 44 built the ass situation bro. Nah, he was bawling last night. But you know who I'm going with. I'm going with my dog. Freaky rj. Mm Yeah take the S smart off his name. He wasn't playing like he was New York. He back home he killing. Even though they got their ass B. It's all good. He been hooping this year man. It's a bounce back year for him. He's been, he been great.


He still dropped 32. You know what I'm, yeah regardless win loss if I had 30 don't talk to me about it for sure. Yeah he been hooping this year and also for real for a no jokes as high. Give bus school to Scotty Barnes. Man, I seen he got hurt yesterday. Yeah he rolled his ankle pretty bad. Yeah, he's talking about he couldn't feel his foot. I was like oh that looks bad. So I don't know to the severity of that situation. I ain't check back up but definitely get will soon with my boy. Yeah. Get will Scotty show man. I'm gonna show some love Bodega ka man 24 15 bro. He out here killing and he talking crazy about it. Light work. Damn, that's crazy. Road never thought Cat A B and the MVP talks for you really have to just mention him. You got you bro. He's killer bro. And and the numbers he putting up, man. Damn.


I ain't gonna lie. I always thought Kat was good but like he is really one of the best players in the NBA Bro. I told you he one of the most, he one of the most skilled players I ever played with. He always said that bro. You always said that. Everybody It cold bro. Listen, You know, you know I was thinking about this morning man, when I woke up, I woke up at five 30 this morning. Damn. You know, you know I was thinking about when we did a D rolls interview. Why we ain't ask him about when Kanye said shout out to Derrick. Rose met that nigga. Nice. Why we ask him that there was a, somebody cut off his show. I just wanted to shit on. I just wanted to shit on Mike.


That's all. I just wanted to shit on Mike this morning. Oh was it on the sheet that said no ad topics? Nah, see if that was me. Oh Mike would be going crazy. He he just laughs. What Jeff say? Bullshit. It's just crazy. It just Crazy Rose. It Is crazy. That be nice. I was gonna ask that but when I was about to ask it, Mike said we gotta wrap it up and we kept talking for 44 minutes after the Show. Why did you ask? We coulda did a part Two because you said wrap it up and then we came in here and talked for 44 more minutes. Yeah Part two. Derrick Rose on the white. Y'all most Definitely coming to 2025.


That's A teaser Shout. So we stop blaming freaking mike. Yeah nigga Nice. Hopefully he's taking notes. Oh God We gotta get out here man. This Tuesday morning to be here. Who need some encouragement? Get well soon. Oh It's still Rudy Goldberg Man. What happened to for the whole week? Getting Dunked on by my boy After gang gang man. Nah, it need to be buddy. Who who got lost on that touchdown the other day? He still, yeah he still in rehab. He's still in rehab. That is the craziest play I ever seen you bro. For you to lose Justin Jeffers like that is criminal bro. I don't even think Justin Jeffers with a crazy move Bro. He ran straight.


He didn't do, he didn't no move just ran straight. It stood there. It stood backwards. Cowboys get well soon. I don't even want to cover this but we got too, you know what I'm saying? End of the game Cowboys have a chance to do something which is called Win and they like to fuck that up. Muffin punts man. Muffin a pun. Look at dude right here. He's sick. Check out. Check out buddy Blocks it and can't recover it. Look at, look at game. Give these motherfuckers a first. Damn. I hate the cowboy so I hate the cowboy so fucking buddy at the bottle. Right. Run towards he's pissed. You sad. How do you miss that? Whatcha doing? Look at, look at it. He up. That's fucking crazy.


He jumped up and down. You sad bro. Look at this shit. Oh my god man that how they lost It. It was too fast bro. Moving too fast. Well He could have, he didn't have to move at all. That's what I'm saying. He could still steal. He moving too fast bro. That nigga control unplug. He's pissed. Damn bro. Been spooky for y'all all year bro. Fourth To 27 bro. Good Thing about that. Y'all did so many fucked up plays this year nobody's even going to Care. No that's season. He ah 27 ass man. He just got activated earlier too. That got my god. 27 ass. You got cut right after this. Listen man, at least we lost and we still tanking but god damn man come on man.


Time for sha do it man. Whew. Think so. Hell nah. Oh. Gonna say boy I don't think that's gonna be the place Dallas Would be lit if they got motherfucking double S out there. Him being left off that, that Heisman was crazy for me. Yeah he should. I think that that's crazy. He got left off that Heisman final situation bro. What y'all talking about with Jalen Herz man. Oh man. Brandon Graham being fake messy being fake messy man. What? What the, what's going on? Basically saying it's a little bit of a feud between Jalen Hearst and AJ Brown. I'll take that with a grain of salt. Yeah, he on the team. Yeah. Why would he say that he was on a podcast? Well you know the microphones get people in trouble like us.


Huh? I think he was just regular me. Come talk to us. Come tell us Brandon Uhhi what's name? Nah, you go take your ass to the pivot. Brady Graham. Brandon Graham? Yeah. I, I don't care nigga. We ain't buying clothes. What's this boy we got L beat up. Shout out to the A. That's freak Christmas shoes. Get your clothes, shoes. Shoes. Oh the algorithms. That's how Mike wrapped the holes up in the bowls. Lb the real photo shoot. Come just say we gotta get better as a team. We gotta come together as a unit. You gotta say shit like That. Say real details man. Don't, don't come in saying Jaylen and this nigga's beefing y'all one and 11. They gotta get it together. You don't do that. Nah. Tell me the real shit. Yeah, what? What's the dude liked the girl picture on Instagram? What happened?


Nah man. Yeah, grandson. Who? Who was out of pocket? Yeah. Who slid somebody dms who was out of pocket. That's the word. You, we know how the word goes in these locker rooms. It be these Two niggas, two Who's messing with the other one? Work. Somebody crack somebody old ju somebody hot about, let's talk about side join. Y'all Heard these two man Literal we talking just leave it alone then like if you going Yeah, that's why I leave alone. Alone Problem. Don't be these. What Do you tell me What it is though? Well you, we hear that what's the real problem? Well they need to get along. Nah, all you gonna say is nigga throw me the ball more. That's the only problem. It could really be a receiver and a quarterback. Royal ro better throw me the ball more. Yeah. If it's a deeper real personal issue. I mean nigga done slid on something he was Right working with and he was like, one ain't got the problem.


I mean one had slid and was like, hey bro, I ain't know that was your joint One. Keep the joints around him though. Mm Nah he, he engaged bro. Don't do that. No, I'm saying though the women though they love him. He got all his women, all his, they do all his professional shit as women. Yeah, I respect that too. No, I wasn't saying damn bro. He messy. See what I'm saying? But I'm just saying like, hey you talking about Jay, when you say personal Jaylen hurts is Mr. Christian of the year Boy? Nah of fact. So he real, he the real, I mean hopefully AJ Brown don't snitch like y'all trying to get him to do it. Tell you a real Kirk Franklin story Nigga. Nah, he ain't in the basement with it. He ain't Terry Cruz in. It is. Oh. John Mark Jackson, Boy Mikey Bay in this show, the boy brought up Terry Cruz getting touched on.


Nah, Your boy no, I'm talking about Terry Cruz. He used to go to the basement. Oh. And then come back up. So he was cheating on his wife. Oh damn. Okay. Watching Pinky, I'm gone. He said watch, he said watching Tell your wife I'm about to go cheat and he could walk in the basement. It's crazy. Hey, I'm back. Terry Cruz had a wild life Boy. He said he was going downstairs to watch Pinky and come back up. Hey, they was talking about Terry Cruz recently. They was like damn master Peter did everything your hood legend did. So dope Rap and Wins league. They said they were talking about Terry Cruz. He was NFL. We'll be back tomorrow morning five 20 in the Morning.


The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community of values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home at Explore Minnesota dot com slash live.


What's good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For More, check out Bose dot com,


Stay farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when an unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael ura podcast Network


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices and with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.