
This is an iHeart podcast.


Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington dc.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider Hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


This Father's Day at Lowe's. Score free gifts for the greatest dad. Right now get a free select DeWalt craftsman or cobalt tool with purchase of a select battery kit. Plus, get a free Warner, two foot aluminum ladder when you buy an eight foot fiberglass ladder. Shop these deals and more this Father's Day at Lowe's, we help you save valid through six 15 while supplies last selection mirror is by location.


The NBC Nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broca. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC


The volume.


Good morning, happy Thursday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show brought to you by Boost Mobile. You know the vibes. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a full house this morning. We got Bishop, we got T. We got five 20 Moog Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up bro? What's up with it? Come on man. We fresh off game three man. We gonna talk about that in a minute. But let's talk about some NBA rumors first.


Man, the Knicks keep calling people man. Please figure out what y'all gonna do. But it is hilarious at the fact that the Knicks coaching job is overshadowed the NBA finals. So let's talk about it. We here man. Got some reports this morning man. They're supposed to be reaching out to Taylor Jenkins. Damn. They're supposed to be reaching out to Mike Brown going Mike Brown About to get a job. No, not Mike Brown. I'm sick of Mike Brown. At least they call the people who is not working for other teams. Yeah, they done tapped in a free agency but I I ain't rolling with Mike Brown for the New York job. Nah, nah bro. Man it is hilarious at the fact that they called the Hawks yesterday. Well clin, everybody just like hey, quit playing it off. All Charles Buckley was going crazy.


He was just like how y'all fire team did not have a backup plan. At This point y'all begging bro. And That's crazy. And that's New York. You would never think that New York could be begging. It should be like niggas like waiting in line at the door for New York. That's a tough job bro. We can't lose bro. You got fire tears man. To the Eastern Commerce funder. It don't make me be like, I'm gonna sign up for that bro. You But the thing is, it is not even that nobody's waiting for the job. The people that's waiting are not getting called. Yeah, Y'all Trying to, they calling everybody who got jobs. You gotta call VIP first. Do we have coach? No, bro. Like what? That's the Funny part about you calling all these franchise like bro, why are you on my line bro? Yeah, Like what are we talking about? We're Playing on my phone.


The Knicks get well soon. Man, that is crazy. Also, DeMarcus Cousins is suspended from that league for the rest of the season. Rightfully so. For the rest of his life bro. And The funny part about it is if you see how they inscribed for grabbing his gesture at a Fan. Yeah, that's A crazy suspension Bro. Well you tweet got like that just come back to the crib bro. All do something Else. Yeah it is Cool. Hey man, they picked him up with the blue face Bus down. Talk to y'all. That was crazy Freebie because man, but let's get straight to it man. Game three. Patience took care of business last night in the bridge. One 16 to 1 0 7. Victory Man. Shout out to Benedict Math and went crazy. 27 and four most points off the bench.


This Jason Terry in 2011 finals. You know how that went. Tyree Haliburton showed up last night real aggressive as we asked him to be almost a triple double 2211 to nine. Pascal Zaka were crazy as well with 21 and six. Iman Jayla Williams game travel yesterday for sure. He had 26, 6 and three. SJ had 24 and eight and Chet showed up with 2010 and two assists yesterday. Alright man. I know we talked about a little bit last night man, but let's break it down man. That was a solid game yesterday. I'll go around the room, I'll start for you Jeff. Who was your player of the game yesterday? Tyrese Haliburton. Okay. Tyrese Haliburton. He did what he's supposed to do. He played aggressively. He was downhill. He made the other team, You know he applied pressure to that team defensively.


He had Lou do running all around the court trying to chase him around but he was just aggressive the whole game and he made plays for others. Man, when Tyrese Holburn has a big assist night, we know that the pace is probably gonna win when he's playing downhill and he got a big assist night. PS a tough team to beat. Most definitely man. Shout out to my homie. She yesterday he tweeted before the game. He was like for the PS to win Tyree gotta have 22 smacked it right there. That's crazy. Crazy. Alright Mo, who was your player of the game? Just the pacer bench bro. Okay. OB topping Benedict Mather, TJ McConnell, Ben, she bro, everybody had good energy. Eight shots. TJ McConnell in the first half bro. His energy was crazy. Come on bro. He was all Over the court bro.


Steels screaming with the crowd. They fed off that shit man. Just the whole Pacers bench bro. Come on man. Shout out to my boy. TJ N first player of finals history with 10 points and five steals. RB him. That's crazy. Hey boy. Hey we needed all that. We needed all that to yesterday. That's crazy. The records they be having. Yeah. Nah, I just saying like that'd be like amazing. I'd be like damn it's a new record broke every day. Like I feel like you just said Benedict Matthew the first person with 20 so points off the bench Jason Terry like damn 15 Years ago. That's a long time word. That's a long time. That is a long time for somebody not to get buckets off the bench. Yeah. Yeah. And if you not tapped in, boy Jason, Terry was frying the heat up. He was killing. Yeah for sure.


My boy was killing. Alright B him man, what's up? I know you don't, you you wanted to Chet to show up. He had a great first quarter My boy. Yeah but I'm gonna give with the Pascal though. Okay. You going P Skills? Yeah. Freaky P he the leader of the team bro. He the leader of the team. Without him it it, it probably get wicked. Yeah I like The energy. He a small, he a small market guy bro. For sure. Like great damn near if he win a chip bro you, you gotta put him up there. It's one of the greatest second options ever bro. Alright. Now if Peace deals get a chip is he gonna the Hall of Fame with two rings? He going our resume he gonna the Hall of Fame anyway. Yeah okay. Yeah he going Hall Fame Already going to the Hall Of Fame. I'm just saying he's really like legit under the radar bro.


Nobody talks about Pascal AKA bro he don't. This is the 20 a night bro of tall people. All I respect to P For sure. Yeah All Star Max deals he going to the Hall of Fame. Yeah. Spicy P is the hell of nickname so I call you man Rashat to peace skills for sure. We talked about the bench man deciding factor in all these games. It was no joke last night. Patience Bench went crazy. But I'm gonna give my game ball man to Andrew Nihart Nihart played great defense on SGA yesterday. He did got a couple Tommy buckets when we needed him but he paid really solid defense yesterday. Man. We thought Knee Smith might be the one who would take that assignment. He was getting fry yesterday. Even though he contributed as usual, he couldn't hold J Dub for nothing. But shout out to Nihar man holding down the MVP to 24 points.


It is not an easy task man. You know I knew that they was about to win the game. How Nihart came out. He came out and like you just straight pushed SGA. Yeah. Yeah and the SGA pushed him back and got the offensive file said Pacers gonna win. I mean I already had Pacers win game three but that energy right there taught me a lot. I was like the gen, the arena about to be crazy. We drew 2000 in the first like 16. Yeah I was like they about to go Crazy in here. How you feel about Jalen Williams killing Shaa pretty much killing and check killing and y'all still lost bro Down to the end though. I mean they had great first halves. They kind of fumbled in the second half. They got a little tough, they switched it up on them for real. So that's what it is. The second half play kind of killed him.


That's how I feel. Yeah man. Looking at the comparison, it's just crazy. 48 points from the Pacers. Yeah 18 from the Thunder. A 30 point deficit like that is crazy. Yeah And it was still a decent game though. That's the game bro. That yeah right there you cooked. Yeah. If we don't get that second win You lose by 30 beat bitch. Yeah You, yeah you done for it. We don't get that second win with like you said TJ Nas and some of 'em steals and stuff. It coulda got wicked for sure 'cause 'cause he came out swinging. Yeah they Did Man. What a game yesterday man. Shout to Tyrus being aggressive. This is all we've asked for. We ain't gonna have no more superstar conversations, You know what I'm saying? Until they lose again. But for when he plays like this, this is the type of team that can win a championship.


Everybody all hands on deck. He was aggressive. He had the vibes hot. I Wonder why he take a game or two off bro. Like why does he do that? Just be aggressive Bro. You ain't gotta get 40 just two feet in the paint and make plays bro. You probably know about the fix man. Push this shit to six or seven. Oh he know the script. Yeah. Push to six or seven man. Yeah I looked at a graph last night. He had shot more shots in the first half that he did like total of game one to two in the first three quarters. Like come on bro. I don't even care if you missing. Just keep shooting. Just Be aggressive. Shout out to the city too man. They was outside last night man. They Was yeah under control though. Under control. INPD was on top of the cars. What the Yra said? Yeah y'all can have fun right here. They was. The city's sent me Mike at the club.


That Shit looked weak As hell Club. The club was lit. I ain't know what he was saying. I thought somebody was about to fight or something. Like club On a Wednesday. Shit my food's in these bars on these clubs. So shout out to the city man. I mean look, if if the Pacers win, it better Go up. I a lot of cities can't say they did that. The fever won. The Colts won. Pacers win. We did that after 2000. Talk about it. Charlotte could never, Atlanta could never, Chicago could never don't Do that. San Antonio could never effect. Well I'm not gonna say that's My San San Antonio. They got lot of chips. You got a chip too. I don't give a fuck about San Antonio. Fuck 'em. Alright Charles Walker, let's go. You got a chip? I'm not, I'm not a in the day.


Nah, you ain't got no we ain't got, I'm talking about our major. Major. They win. Yeah they did win. But we talking about after 2000 though. Shit. Fever Cols. Mm Pacers wish. How many other cities can say they did that? Nobody gotta put some respect on the city. I'm not a Pacers fan but who else did that? Come on man. What they major sports. We don't got a baseball team but shit. This is a Sports shout to the Indians. They get jiggy too. You at least gotta show some love to this motherfucker. Talk about it be here. It's a sports State baby. Yeah yo I'm kind, I'm kind of standing on that like shit. All these other cities. Y'all got all these other major sports teams nigga. We got three after nigga. 2000 bro. Yeah so I'll fuck with that. Shout out to the city for sure. I'm still not a patient offense but I fuck with your energy.


My dog Out the gate. That was my little rant though, You know? Yeah that rant. I appreciate the iceo be here. My dog. Dog. So passed the ball. Pass the ball. He cleared out for no reason. That backdoor cut was trash the ball. Alright. Pass the ball. It sounded like he trying to join the game, You know what I'm saying? ISO ball Movement. I'm not fucking with the patients'. I'm fucking with the city movement though. For sure. I'll take it for sure. Mike about to give us epilepsy if we keep cussing in the first 15 minutes. But we gonna move on to super chat. Agent Barilla said Ball, who y'all taking in their Prime Start a team. Steve Nashville, CP three that, that's a pretty similar actually CP three without a question.


Last one of the best PGS of all time. I know CS got two VPs. I was about say that's crazy. He a two time MVP. Yeah that's CP three bro. Yeah bro, that's Christopher my bro. Most gas MVP ever talk about it. And if you look at CP three did it on multiple teams, The oh six stats, if you look to see who was in in contention and everybody else that's around him in that situation, it is crazy that he got the MVP. No disrespect to Steve Nash but that's crazy. Jones Bones in the super chat said dj, why is Terry Cruz a pace of celebrity mascot? My boy looked like an oil down black mannequin off that peel in the jail jersey. I had so many things to say if we lost that game because Terry Cruz is back courtside. I was about to lose it. But You know what, we got a double yesterday so I'm gonna start my boy out man was outta Terry Cruz.


Man Deon, Denzel less in the super chat says Jeff your prime was, you'd rather win a chip with Indiana or your Hawks. Haws Hawks. And why being you to goat DJ the best host on YouTube? Y'all get my dog a seat on the table. Still on that Hawks bro. But if you would've won a chip in Indiana, bro I wouldn't give Damn. That would've fire hawks. That would've been so fire. Oh you been the winner. A chip in Indiana. Yes Bro. Yeah, you from here bro. That Would put, if you would've put a better up the bro, nah come bro to the city man. We gonna tell 'em to build this statue Bro. You said Koala Leonard would've changed in Toronto. You would've changed in Indiana, bro. Nah, you would've been a mayor, bro. Atlanta ain't never won nothing. But you ain't from there.


It is not about none of That. You just from here it is diff Yeah it is different bro. Nah, they don't care if my basketball is all for bro. We care here bro. From I would've been at every rap song. Mm. I The love would've been different. Like yeah for, for a little bit. Nah, forever. You, you see when we go to Atlanta, what they do, what'd they do? He my point going, I be like, shit, what's up family? I'm The nightlife is a little Bit, I'm back game. Yeah. Not life. I have to, I have to. But everywhere night life, when you, You right though mo real life. You right now, real life bro. Real life. When I go back to Atlanta, it is like been a mayor, bro. It is different bro. It it It is, it is.


We got because of now what? But if you would've won the championship here, bro. Yeah, No I'm saying it, it would've been different for me. 'cause that's where I got drafted. That's where I, that's where I started my career. It's cool bro. So if I would've won when we was in Atlanta, but you grew up here. Yeah, I did. But they ain't picked me. They did skip Me. Yeah, that's yeah. Literally at some point they picked them though. They, they Skipped me. They told you to come on home. Yeah. So I mean After I, you Tore the locker room up. At least they wanted you After I done had all this fun literal, they like yeah you come back, you did enough. Nah, it was he ready now let's go. It would've been different 'cause I felt like I built it in Atlanta.


I get what you're saying. I don't know. But the way other people would've looked at it, bro, if Derrick Rose would've, look how big Derrick D Rose would've won a championship in Chicago from there. Look how big he is now. That's because He built that though. He He from there bro. He's from there. There Made all that go. Even Jesus Christ. They picked him crazy. Yeah, Well they did pick you up. Picked the first pick. Yeah. Like it should go crazy. That was Derrick Road though. I'm not saying you had to pick him. I'm not saying you should, but I'm saying if he would've champ if he brought a championship to his home city that picked him. Yeah. That's going go cra He'd be bigger than Georgia. Not really, but he'd be big as hell. He might have bro, how big he is now that he might been, that would've been crazy Bro. Just 'cause he from niggas.


Yeah. It would've been crazy. But I'm saying the pa like if George Hill, like they, they went and got Georgia and he played a long time here. He won a chip. It is like that's fire but me, I ain't play Here. Him and Tyres the same type of person. So they That would've worked. Yeah. It would've been It is just different though. Yeah, it just different because I, I just see like when you from your hometown and you win like a, a big championship like that in your city, it changes your life bro. It do bro. It really does. Who Y seen in a big championship in that hometown. That's what we saying though. If you do like your opportunity just for more shit, it is just the keys to Yeah, you got the keys to the city bro. But that's any city you play in though. If you there, if, if you there long enough bro, I'm being for real.


If you there long enough they ain embrace you. Like you theirs facts. So you going have the keys to the city. Like I'm telling y'all Atlanta embraced me like they do. Like when I go around Atlanta Different Gordon Hayward won a championship Indi in Indiana bro. Yeah. 'cause he did his whole thing in Indiana. You understand? He did his whole life in Indiana. Like I didn't, Indiana didn't fuck with me until I've went to NBA. Like they would've if you won. I, I'm not saying that. But I didn't, that Purdue didn't offer me. I'm saying all that was different. He went to You wanted you Sam, Sam wanted You. Sam did. Alright. Ill give you central. He Did. Sam wanted but I'm just saying I don't no relationship with Notre Dame. But they probably would've fucked with You. No they didn't. My Greg high enough. See that's your But what I'm saying is Gordon Hayward spent his whole life in Indiana.


Like if he came and played for the pace, like Gordon Hayward get cheer harder than Paul Jordan. He was here. I mean if Gordon Hayward win that hit a little Different. Yeah. That's gonna be crazy. Alright. What about Mike Conley? No, it would've been the same Mike If he would've won. If, if he wanted Memphis but Mike it would be way better live Here and all that. You live here, they see you All the time. Yes Bro. You were in and outta sea. Throw your birthday parties here. Like that would've been fun. It would've been different bro. No, where I mean it would've been fun. But I'm saying like I, I'm just saying 'cause I played in Atlanta longer. Like my one year. If we won won a championship here, it would've been fun. I'd be like damn we won a chip. But it would've meant more if I won in Atlanta. Just 'cause how much time I spent there. I could say that from a personal standpoint.


Yeah, that's what I'm saying. From a personal standpoint, I get all that. Yeah. But from the looking, looking at it, if you would've won here, it would've been nuts bro. For sure. It would've been fun. But Paul George would've been like Not pg. No I'm saying I'm PG was like, it was like pg brung a chip to Indiana. It would in Atlanta it would've been like we lost everybody at Teague that brought a chip to the a i The mans what you saying? Yeah. It would've hit different. Well here I would've been like yeah I get that. I would've held the trophy next to P after Party would've been different. What? What? But yeah, every day though in your city bro, you'd got the keys to this motherfucker for rest of life. And bias aside, bro, if that year you would've got traded here, y'all would've chip. I would've said yeah my nigga T brought a chip to the city bro. We didn't get everybody would bro.


My You would be saying the same. Yeah, get pg a statue saying The Same shit he didn't Before my nigga. Until you got here bro. Build a statue. It's your only Chip bro. You been p See I'm nothing And I was Mike back in the super chat. Where is she? But hey I was, I was, let me stop. Alright man. Three said when fathers ain coming up, what's one thing your kid or kids have taught you's good?


I don't know but you could get a ridge wallet for your father on Father's Day. Come on, tap in. Use that promo Club five 20 man. Follow J Cell. Tap in with Ridge for sure Be here Man.


Discipline locking in To not have no more. Yeah Just locking in. For real. They changed my whole way of thinking about my everyday life. Yeah. Y'all kids made me not want to have kids. Yeah, Kids will change up your whole regimen though. 'cause you gotta lock in with them for sure. Nah for sure. Nah, that's real life 'cause I'm the most selfish person I know and I care about me over anything else. And I see how y'all literally have to go to bridal showers and yes recitals and yes all type of fun shit y'all gotta do with your family. And I just be like nah, We, we was watching a Instagram video and the, it was a little girl sitting on a ledge and the seal snatched her into the water.


Oh my god. And the daddy jumped in there just said bro I'm not jumping watching had I bro that make, that's dumb. I said, Because that's your kid Bro. Yeah bro. You can't let baby girls round bro. You got a lock. Guess what we go back to the shop. Gotta shoot another one out here trying make remix. Yeah because You gotta jump in There. Why we both going die that's Got too bro. It's your key Bro. Why is you on the ledge? Because She a kid As Down. See where is the parents? Nah, they got her back out there. Daddy got her out there. Nah, Out to him. That's what I saying Little In the first place. You Know that little boy that had the gorilla that got that gorilla thing? Yeah. So y'all jumping in there Go Gorilla is crazy.


You jumping in there with the gorilla. I be like hey That's A gorilla. Your kid, your kid is different bro. Mike You jump there. Your dad Is crazy. You gotta have I got Because I'm just gonna see my kid bro. I'm just gonna run bro. I ain't Gonna think Jeff just gotta have, I Gotta make a plan on the fly. We just might be on the airbrush. Gonna right head to the man. Throw something The moment, that moment Lil lil Jeff fall in there. I'll say damn the Adlib is crazy. Don't he not. You not even going to think bro. I'm gonna say damn because I'm gonna see that big mama. Oh shit gonna jump before you even be shit. So buddy buddy throw something over there. I'm gonna get him. You gonna say kid before you say yourself?


No bro, That bro. Fuck grab that thing bro. Just don one, that's all. Yeah, You had a hell of a life bro. Y'all had a hell of a, like I'm saying boy you have future shit. Say your ass off that ledge. Think you talking about we can make another one. Yeah for real bro. What if you name 'em the same name? I Can't get another me. We can get another George Foreman name all his kids George. Fair enough. But think about it. So like oh this is might be a little dark but like if the mom, you gotta say the mama or you gotta say your kid and birth. What you gonna say? Probably at birth Mama. Birth mama, mama At Birth? Yeah. Birth to mama. I'm saving a mom bro because I don't know you yet. So that's how I feel. Still birth to me.


Save me. I'm saving me. Nah bro. Once you start eating your house bro and I to wake you up bro. You I'm saving me and that's why God told me I'm saving a Mama. Oh yeah. I'm saving my kid at birth. Yes, It's older Bitch. Yes I am. I'm a grown ass man. I I, I I love lady, my kid bro. Everything to me bro. Me too. I Respect you. You know. You Know bro. You know your kids now. I know what this shot do. Shit. You know what this shot do. I'm cool with that. I'm cool. I love Lady and I hope in reverse you'll do the same thing bro.


For real. I'm protected my kid bro. Today bro. And I said I dunno Do that work. I'm not talking about having no baby. I'm just saying like if there was a situation where you had to save me or my kid bro grab my baby. Nah, I feel that too. I'm nothing. I agree with that. No because grab me nigga grab me that I play Call of Duty first. We all, we all running and one gets shot and nigga hey which one gotta go? I'm say Fuck If I gotta say fuck that mean I was thinking about it. He just don't got me. Dang. That's why. That's the only reason why he's acting like that bro. He don't have no this Is gonna be a great five 20 topic before we gotta move off. But that's absolute.


I think I'm joking, joking. I have a, I got a great question. Go ahead. We here It now. Nah Bro. Mo here we got another bush. No No, nah this shit going. Oh we gonna move on. Yeah, move on Man. Big 11. See what Chad say if the Pacers win a chip could you say that had a tougher road than the 2011 maps pace Have no stars good teams MVP. No. What they had to do to get out the west was absolutely great. Dirk Has one of the best final ones for a reason bro. He went against Kobe. Okay. See he went through Murderers Road bro. Stop. Yeah I'm with all the past and stuff but they going too far. Yeah that was crazy. Thank God we didn't have to go through that. But shout to us anyway. All of facts. Alright get out of town. Says what?


Surprised when Jeff said early in the series that he didn't think Ben would have a good series. He's maybe the only indie guy that confidently gets his own shots. He had one good game. Relax. Hey man, shout to what did he do the first two games? Not as much bro. He did what? He was supposed to man cook last night. I'm just saying people would be overdramatic with stuff like oh he's not having a great series. He had a good game. You know people out living the moment man. You know I know that. That's what's up though. Congratulations to him brother. Go to his minutes that he's getting though bro. I think he's doing okay. You're too good though. You know what? I straight, You know what I don't like Keep it real with y'all. It's too many Canadians on the floor Over We taking over man. I don't like it. It is a lot of 'em right now they are taking over bro. Hey listen we got a pod today.


We coming at 12:00 PM that's gonna have a great conversation about this. Yeah and y'all that's the reason I said that. Yeah so it's gonna rock Wash the pot. It's the reason I say that because they really think they taking over. They kind of, they kind of up there though And he popped his shit though. They Ain't taking over but they got A lot going. We need to get our American players back to hooping like at a high level 'cause Yeah they really think they just told somebody on the show told us in 2028 is Canada's year. Ah they'll never, That's what he said. It Wasn't bullshit. He said may not get us. He said but they gonna be high. They gonna be real High. They will never get us Now we put belt to ass they never get us but and I looked on the court last night, I said dang all these boys from Canada get Four of 'em out there on that court right now and They all playing significant roles.


Man I don't wanna stir up no pot but You know Jamal Murray champion one of the ones You know. Yeah. Who is your starting back quarter Canada. Because You know who is the one that SEA Who that two next to him. Jamal Murray. Nah it's gonna ne hard. Mm Jamal Murray don't care about no Canadian basketball. He come get that check but If he on the team he gonna start, He on the team, he gonna Start boy he ain't playing on that team no more. Alexander. I mean he ain't playing then Cool. But if he Playing But then you got like RJ Beard, you got what's the boy name with the Lil Flip Better than him. Oh yeah? Yeah Lil Flip from Canada. He He better than him. Wig from Canada Wig is our three RJ be come on man You know they said Zack EDA starting five.


He hurt. Ain't Ah he'll be back. Yeah he back by that time Show Ain't tweaking. Damn. Di Brooks is a Canadian? Yeah they got a from Flint. He played like it. I promise. I thought he was. I don't know Wig still gonna play but hey they got, they got shady and sharp. They saying, they saying they taking over. I'm I'm, I told told y'all that guard play crazy. We Starting to see too many Canadians be in the top of the league bro we gotta do something about this. This they get jiggy be locked back in like they said what? What we, we ain't got shot at our guests just watch the show. But he said yeah he said if y'all better to catch up the foreigners taking over. They really is Bro. They ain't alive more. Yeah he look at the last MVP. Nah You know what he said. He said they more skilled.


Yeah he said all you oh you got is athletes y'all have No skill said the cameras don't be up like that. They don't care about that. There ain't no mix tapes. They get buckets. Yeah they just get to it. Which is True and the advantage too a lot for a lot of the overseas players we don't see 'em until they complete. We got some of the kids here were a grade mix tapes. They game already getting dissect. They come ready to hoop. AAU is killing USA basketball Right now and it just sucks when You know the kids too. You like hell man look bro you really garbage bro on the internet. How? How Ling against the comments. Yeah y'all tell 'em some real shit. They got two more comments saying fire, fire Raw. I seen somebody have a highlight tap the other day bro. So funny bro. I'm like bro you are sad.


You know the nose bro. Bro. I'm talking about one of the funniest highlights. Shout out to my boy Lou. We was crying bro with The music, the graphics, all That. He posted the highlight tape. All he did was inbound the ball to another dude. That's hard. That's hard. Did he get the shot at least bro. It was just him inbounding the ball. He was like come off the curl bro. Me and bro putting in work, we like what you inbounded the ball dude made two layups bro. It a highlight tape and they probably collapsed on the reel too. That's fire. I was like yeah The real assist And people was writing fire. I see you bro. Keep Grinding. That's what we do. He needs a video. They don't care what you doing. Keep grinding. I was like what the tape he passed the ball in and it's so funny 'cause Mook, you had a crazy high school mixtape man.


If you was in this era bro your IG would be so lit. What? Oh Your IG would be on fire bro. Oh yeah you, you might not be in place. You might be about Bernie. Nah we a realist bro. We don't do goofy shit. It'll be a pipe. He said we ain't switching. Nah we don't do goofy shit. That's goofy shit. When you, when you ain't like all, when you ain't really like that you gotta go prep schools. You know what I'm saying? Nah. Yeah if you can't do it where you, when you homegrown at. Yeah bro. If you ain't get, ain't like that. If you ain't, if you ain't getting an offers from when you hoop where you from, you ain't really like that. Yeah if you get, if you get mid major when you here and then you finally get some high D ones when you leave you ain't really like that.


You like that bro. We coulda went to Oak Hill all that for what? You ain't like that Just saying I'm just addressing they come, they come to me. I'm just addressing. You know what I mean? We had USC pull up on me. We had USC Kentucky, Louisville at the Pike Gym. We didn't had to go to Oak Hill, Ohio. Whoever you want. Come on man. Pull up. I'm posted. We on set any first street with it. I'm posted All I heard Wil or something my boy left. He opened up the gates for y'all. So shit, shit Gate. My gate was, my gate was never closed. Who opened the gates? Devonte said when he left. Oh y'all Talking about him Now.


Now you niggas keep my door open bro. Tay said now you niggas can go win Since eighth grade bro. My door was open. Why y'all doing that bro? Y'all petty. What y'all saying you Nah, he younger. Oh he younger?


Yeah the NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance so we can play some bets on these games man. Draftings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA. For sure. We ready to tap in man what you got for me That five to get $300 in bonus bets Man $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Yeah I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City thunder smack the Pacers this Year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm gonna use that bonus bet to put it in for my pacers. We going to get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time bets on DraftKings $5. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Don't Miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season download DraftKings put in promo code club five 20. That's again promo code Club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me but hey you bit that $5 and you get $300 back on that Bonus bets for show only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Alright Bill, we gotta move on. What up Nate? This Super Chest Thank you guys for having the best morning show. Working me a rub. Always looking forward to the pie. Nate, we appreciate your game. Yeah I would pop my shit. Yeah I I would play pro hims You know that ain't really my thing. I do that four years of high school then City was y'all here Indianapolis? Come on man. At you came to watch You know when you never left. When I, when I played real basketball I ain. I ain't when I was hooping for real in the NBAI ain't play pro did I play in the pro him You might had one little Stick. Yeah it had to be a whole bunch of, it had a whole bunch of NBA players. The lockout year you was torture. It had to be a whole bunch of B players, Whole bunch of niggas that do the same thing. Yeah It had to be quality ruins.


I ain't man, I hooped in pro when I was retired. Club five 20 get shit like this man GSB and can never listen. I played pros when I retired man yo my dog we just started running shit AO 43. We still running pro. We still winning it. Pros. That is crazy. Come On bro. Everybody look, last time I played bro we won it off. We 45. Shout to my dog da we was winning shit. Yeah just saying bro. Niggas put up their stats have some real respect when you talk about TV people put put up they stats from a pro. They gotta be real respect. You said from eighth grade shit been real. Come On man. Come on man. Man has come on. He had 15 offers in eighth grade. I wasn't worried about nothing.


Come on man. Not second asleep. Come on man. About nothing. My boy went to Kentucky boy. Boy that boy top five player of the nation boy. This is a McDonald's America Jordan brand. Jordan brand 18. It sound Crazy. I mean shit. Doors Is closed though bro. One and Done first round whatever. I mean we just kept Was USA Yeah. Yeah Was closed. USA doors Was closed. Yeah. I don't know. I just felt like doing that 'cause niggas just doing rant and I was like bro I'm not. I'm showing you love bro. I said you was good. Okay The real chronicles. But if you really want me to be that kind of person bro I can. We can. We got two sides. Come on I can pop shit. You be humble but we can. Yeah I can talk.


Bad nigga talking to me about pro. When we went told to talk nigga I was 34 nigga and I didn't care about basketball. I just won a championship and I had no cartilage in money. I know my Motto. We off the couch with it bro. And the crazy thing is we won. Yeah. Off the couch With it. I'm like shout to you bro. You play good bro. You play good. Shout to the pro when I was 25 and you was I'm might get him all he wanted. He wanted this attention. I'm gonna get to you. When I was 27 and you was in your prom at like 21, you became a coach. Alright there you go. Well in the super chat after that We're respect to all people.


Respect. Nope. No but If you Come talking shit we gotta talk to shit. Don't talk shit to me 'cause I wasn't talking shit about you. I said you was killing. I said Mook, you wouldn't beating them 'cause I went to that game. That's how it started. 'cause I went to Ty 'cause Tyrone was really killing that game. Shout out to t. Shout to freaky t. Shout out to Lil Ron. They was killing. They had a good team. Yeah, squad for sure. Shout tot too. It it just got outta hand And he good and he and he was nice and you did your thing at Georgetown. Nobody never said you sad bro But But it's argument. You just not gonna win bro. It's certain arguments you just not gonna win. I know after you left Georgetown next year you were a coach. Respect It's all love bro.


Come on DJ with this super chat. Alright. Yo, what's good? Biggest coming at me. He like Jeff You know. No you have and You know my name. I know your name. We have, we tried to get you a coaching job name. Yeah you gotta stand on shit. We try to get you a coaching job. You right. I do know your name, you talk your shit. We try to get you an iu. You gonna be saying people names. I don't And all that. That's extra And I was showing you love bro. That's what the fucked up. He was talking shit to me bro. Talking Shit to Mo and That but yeah that's what I'm saying. Yo that's your generation. Not even his like our era was definitely Different. He took it to some pro him shit And I'm gonna take it to the real shit. Yeah But you was really like the only nigga in the city with all that type of attention nationally. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. There was people here with attention but you had the most Yeah, after Greg and Eric it was moot.


Yeah And that's a fact. Yeah. Proof's in the pudding. Respect man. Alright man y'all was good. Five 20 found me. I care if y'all talk about this but what do y'all think about the bad conversation LeBron and Luca had? They was talking about LeBron. He said talking about I got a bag and I got 50 billion points. I agree it don't matter what they had the most buckets ever. He said he Don't got a bag bro. He said he like I got 50 billion points high, don't got a Bag. He got he the best bag. He's the best. Like I hate when people say he's not the best scorer, I'm like what's the object of the game to put the basketball? Yeah however you do it in the basket. Yeah Because if y'all gonna say Kareem had it, he did it with all hooky. But how you not the best score and nobody can stop you from scoring.


Literally He was talking shit to me about the Mike Beasley shit. But I guess he got a bag bro. As long as you can score you got a bag bro. He, he really does. Don't matter how I look, I'm just, I'm just was going off how I look. You know some people got handles but if you can score the ball bro you are the best score. If you have the most points and nobody can stop you. Yeah. How you not the how are you not the best score. They like play game. He don't score better than Kobe. I'm like well he shoots 60% from the field and he scores 28 points a game. Yeah He actually scores easier. Yeah. People just like certain people's styles Bro. That's a fact. I think that, I think that's the real Yeah I think that's the real argument of it though. But I, I get both sides of it though. I know like somebody that can score, like KD can score in multiple ways bro.


But LeBron can too. But I'm saying I, I agree. When you say KD could be the best scorer because obviously KD got hurt and all that stuff but KD rarely misses like he shoot 50% a fact fish his head, You know what I mean? Like I'm like okay but then when you go look at LeBron he got the same efficiency you like dang I and he doing that every year. You know. True. But to Moose Point, people get technical when it's how it looks. You can get it But do it go in inside. I know somebody when I was in high school had the prettiest jumper and it never went in but it looked good month. It's kind like it never went in. It's Like the mellow and KD beef you like which, which style do you like better? Nah. Right, exactly. They both score like One but which one you like better Look better to you. So if he score on 30 shots and KD score on 15, that's why efficiency definitely matters to Me and respect to bro for sure he is the goal.


But I think that's why KD gets it for me because he do it in more ways and on less shots. He don't do it on less shots though. LeBron think bro, LeBron dunked the ball a lot and shoot layups a lot. He knew but KD does not shoot the ball like these niggas can You go to LeBron. He don't for real like Phil go percentage. That's why I used to think No Ty. That's why I used to think Mike was crazy 'cause his like career field goal percentage is like 50%. Yeah but he, he got it up though. He got that. Yeah But when you shoot 30 times and you make 15, I mean it's like especially You know 50% bro. Yeah like but like damn you shot 30, Mike didn't pass before 89 bro. Nah he did but look at bro, that's crazy bro.


That is crazy bro. Shooting 50% as for career. Come on Bro. Other kds real quick bro is 50 34 and 73. Yeah shot he shot 52% last year. Yeah I just wanted to see That's crazy bro. That's crazy bro. If he, he shot, he shoot a lot of jumpers though. Like That's, that's my point. The versatility in that. Can you blow that up For his career? He done about 50 49. That's crazy. He's Denver 50 49 bro. Hey he is crazy bro. Nigga been averaging Denver 25 points since his second year in the NBA bro. No that's a fact. That's crazy. Outta his, his rookie year he's averaged 25 more.


That is crazy bro. I love to, he just don't got, he just don't got enough points. He would Four points if he wasn't hurt. Yeah if he didn't get hurt and shit, he probably would be on his way to catching Brian. But No they got Brian messed up man, there ain't nothing else for him to Say isn't I why care? That is fucking incredible. I mean that is crazy incredible stats. Literally bro can you go to Kobe's? We had this talk on That is crazy. We Did Mo and them pot like I think KD different bro. Yeah he is bro. His real 44% And what's his three Can't blow it up there. It should be the Yeah. Yeah. So he not really that efficient compared to them two be honest.


Kobe 32. Damn. So Got a lot of mids bro. You know what I'm saying? But a lot of people would say Kobe Bryant was a way better scorer than Brian and you like is he How? Yeah, that's what I'm trying to say because he had 81, I mean he, he was a more aggressive scorer I would say. Most definitely. Y'all gotta Think it's some people that love Kobe out here bro. So they not hearing none of that. Oh we know. Oh shit. Ton of people. Oh look at the Points leaders bro. Bro. I'm saying but he's a more of, he is a more aggressive scorer but efficient. Yeah. Kobe will shoot over four people. Yeah he was more aggressive LeBron but, and he's Shooting the game winner no matter. But Kevin Durant's crazy. If K wasn't hurt he'd already be tough off. Yeah. If KD didn't get hurt, K is crazy bro.


Hey we got a a Kevin Durant bro. What Career put bro? He damn near 18 years bro. He gets No slender bro. Nobody slanders him about basketball. Kevin Durant bro. That just matter. He would like choices he made. Hey It's not Kevin Direct. Don't get hurt man. Everybody Know what kind of that is crazy Out to me. I swear to God says long time he's the greatest offensive basketball player I've ever seen him and I I I I can stand with you on that. Not player bro. Man he's Seven foot bro. I'm not mad at you on that. Go back to please too. The bro the only, the only thing that makes a difference like bro might be able to score a little easier 'cause Bron can bully you to the basket. Yeah. Yeah. That's the only difference. Just Somebody just shooting jumpers though at a high Click and the shooting like that to get that is crazy.


Shooting jumpers bro. Yeah and that's, that's crazy. Nah elite. That top 10 list is is crazy because you look at James Hart right there at 11. Oh boy pop that's Tough. Go look at lemme can any way y'all can pull up Melo and see what his efficiency was me there because he's top 10. Top 10. That's another person who would've been hiring the list. He had years that he didn't get to really? You know what I'm saying? Do what he's supposed to do as well. But Kevin Durant almost 50, 40, 90 for your career. That's crazy. Kyrie had seasons like that when niggas was praising him. Come on man. Or Melo 30 44 and 35. Four five. That's Right where he should be. Yeah That's about that sound. That's about right. That sound like a mellow. Yeah and that 22 and a half is misleading. Especially the you check out those last three or four years bro.


It's totally different. I poor in LA shit And he had a couple years in New York where he played basketball That Houston, Houston stint. Yeah. Still remember that game. DJ Houston bro Never forget brother Boy came out like in last dance bro. And DJs part a legendary moment in games. Bridge analytics bro. Kill the legend bro. Y'all think Mike Beasley can beat them? He they said Joe and Melo. I don't think he can beat Joe. I don't think he'd beat Joe. You think He would be mellow? No. Melo don't hoop right now. He Don't bro not like that. Melo. We try To get Kanye into League Me Melo doing his wine thing. Smoking good Bud. Melo Still look good bro. Like he's still in shape. Melo not, I'm Not saying he ain't but we ain't he working out still bro. He might but Mike Used play basketball Every day. He play every day.


Joe Melo is mellow bro. I don't see that's Carlo every single day. I love, I Love Carlo, Anthony, Lance, all that. Okay. I don't see car them is different too. Carmelo Anthony would say I'm gonna take some time in the gym to get right if I took prepare For this. Okay, that's cool. I'm not saying they gotta play today but I'm saying if he do that Meow real life 40 bro. I don't care bro. Joe is Too bro. Joe a different bro Joe. Joe do yoga every day Joe. Ready Bro. Y'all get that money right? Yeah Joe is Don like To Joe about a hundred K is crazy. You know that's my time bro. Joe is, Joe is in a different, Joe's in a different shape bro. Joe is in better shape than when he played basketball.


Yeah. Damn. That's how crazy he is. He said it is. I feel better than when I was in my prom. He a little lighter. Come on bro. Joe was 2 65 when he was in the league, bro. B'S my dog but Joe Johnson 1 0 1 bro. He's, it's not Lance bro. His name is ISO Joe. Bro. Bro, bro. And the thing is people don't know about Joe Johnson. He really got defense like he really can lock up bro. Yeah you ain't, you ain't running through that And people don't realize he's six eight like no bro. Like he the same side. You not posting him up. You had no offense. You not little boy in him. No. Nah, that and he gonna be in way better shape than that, than Lance. Lance was tired. Oh yeah. Shot all jumpers Joe not doing that. You can't give Joe jumpers make him, they gonna hit every one of them.


Lance was with it. Yeah, I don't Know. He might wanna leave Joe alone Bro. Leave that alone. Oh you don't know if he'll show up anyway so go ahead. Might be the, he might not make it. Nah, for that bridge Joe show up, Joe gonna step on that court. But for that hunter he sliding what? No, not for the hunter. The hunter he told him told got me fucked. He said he sat down with him for the, y'all got me fucked up. Oh y'all Ard disrespect me. Y'all know what I did in the league. You know how much paper I got, I Have 20,000 points On. Yeah come on man. And that's different. Nah for sure man. Yeah shout to the next chapter. Leave him alone man. Leave Joe alone for sure. Leave him alone. Y'all need K. Hey I got some people y'all can set a battle up for without him. Alright man. He said they tried to talk to me about a undercard under card on me.


That's disrespectful. That's Joe Johnson y'all. Alright, let's get through these super chat questions. Robbie, Rob said there's a small trend where players have gone to the Spurs towards the end of their career to play under pop, but pops up and down. Does this trend, see with Wendy being the draw. If KD comes, does he retire a spur? If he comes to that team and they can be as good as we think they are, he probably will. 'cause they will be very dangerous until KD decides to leave there. For sure. Good question. Alright. Christopher Smith says no, Jeff and Moog be arguing with everybody at the gyms. Nah, I depending on what day it's, I don't argue. I do sometimes unless you, you say something to me then I don't, I don't have no filter. I just keep Cheating. Darius Adams keep cheating.


I don't argue with you. He get mad at DI do get mad at da. Thats my guy. He shout out da that's my guy too. That's the one person he get mad. He a killer because da be cheating. He be cheating. DB ch G five. That's my best too. He be cheating sometimes. Be and Greg and laugh about the cheeses. Da won't admit he cheating. Da take it to heart. Yeah. He be like, I don't give there. He sitting in the middle of the court, sit the middle of the ball. We not playing. Did Shout Out to Derrick. He swear he four brothers Middle the court. Shout out to DA man. Alright man. Sneak central. Say what's up. Y'all love to the five 20 team. Where y'all rather build a team around Prime Mellow or Prime Tmac. That's a great question. I'm, I'm gonna go with I think Tac for me.


Mm, I I I'm mellow to the Death. I'm gonna go mellow too. I'm gonna go mellow 'cause he won more. Yeah, I feel that. I just think Tac is one of them guys you can put at any position having a cha. I know I always talk crazy about TM Mac but having a chance to play with him. I seen his greatness and he was on his last league. He could run Point, he can run shooting guard and he can run small forward and he one of them dudes you can just get a ball and be like, hey let's make something happen. T-Mac one of 'em people. If he never got hurt, you don't know what was gonna happen. Boy, that's in fact one of the best scorers of all time. Me BA history man. T-Mac was no slouch at all In the Hall of Fame for a reason. Nah, all man and Hercules and the super chat my dog said y'all got love, a lot of love in South Central LA be here ain't got the barbershop going up.


I need that Jeff T Double zero Jersey Peres appreciate you gang. Love to la to LA man I can't wait to come out there every Zero. I I seen you. That shit right now It is right over there. It is Over there cooking Peace Street. I I I chill bro. Chill bro. About I said Why did they put that on the front of the Fucking Peach tree That's in Main Street in Georgia, bro. In Atlanta. Pace would never have on Jersey never have RO on Jersey. Hold on, hold on. I, I don't, I don't know if this is, I dunno if y'all joking on the Hawks or because y'all making fun of the Hawks. The only one that invited us somewhere. Y'all represent for the Pace Pacers.


They invite us to shit. Shout out to the Hawks Love. Y'all expect next time? Yeah we off these tree DJ DJ Zero. I'll say so. I was about to say something crazy. Dj nevermind. He gotta go to the the P clubs with them. Oh The lover you wanna love. Alright man we gonna go to the W Man some action yesterday for show Sparks took care of the ACEs. 97 to 89. Rekia Jackson went crazy yesterday. 30 in seven. Dika Hamby 19 eight and seven solid game. Kelsey Plum came back with 13 to nine. Jackie Young went off with 34 8 and Chelsea Gray had 28 solid game yesterday.


But both of those teams are underachieving. The Mercury took care of the wings yesterday. 90, 80 Chato Ali your girl 28 9 page Bakers had her best game to date with a smooth 35 piece. We got that clip of her please. We love somebody. Hey she's going crazy but had a crazy movie yesterday. We had they knowledge that for sure. Man the wings are terrible. They would've bow Come here, bow here. Excuse me. Step through lay. That light was crazy. I thought about see something crazy. I thought she was about to fall or something. Luke is ignorant. I ain't gonna lie bro. I thought I thought so was crazy.


I thought so. Like that cross right there. I was like oh she must have fell. I was like, oh. I was thinking, I thought she was about that. I thought it was about to be so crazy except, You know what I'm saying? That was a good move. But I thought it was about to be something so crazy. That was mom Zy thought. Think you said good Boo good. Yeah. Yeah I that was solid. Hey man move on man. Got the page back man. I swear right here. I was like oh she thought I thought yeah I thought the third one was coming. It was a she killed last night. She killed nah, 35. She got show yesterday killed. But she did kill y'all. She killed but I swear to God my anticipation was like oh she about to fall the was so defeated. He's like wait that shit Y outta pocket Wheeler Storm took care of the lick.


They first off of the season. 94. 84. Lemme go see her tunnel feet. She had 25 and nine. Kayla McGraw had 19 six don't some called a D this go set her tunnel fit up man. See what Erica had on last night. She hoop if said 29, Enrique had 21 to 10. Yeah, I know she took a picture after this game. It was some smoke. You know how typically at the end of game tell you to dribble out. I say damn. She took a labor and Kayla McGraw pushed the hell outta her. Hey that's crazy. Lemme see while we going to the tunnel fit go to her fit. I know she had a fit on last night. Y'all having beef as H Lyric because she always on my head. Okay she she on that ass. Okay. She came to win.


Okay. Yeah she put that shit on. I ain't gonna hate on you ewe. Shout out to Ewe man. They defeated links. They took their first loss of the season man.


Alright man. One time for Boost Mobile Man. Y'all know the vibes. $25 unlimited talk text data for the first he must be here $15 man. $15 Man you can get an iPhone four $99 99 cents. IPhone 15 with 48 megapixels. Yeah. Main camera $99 bro. 99 Deal. So good make you wanna slap your mama Don. Nationwide. 5G 99.9%. He Ain't 98.9. That is 99 oh 0.7.


Alright man. And the MLB Man Up Power took care of the malls yesterday. Five to two. The Feely took care of the Cubs. Seven to two Guardians Beat the sleeves off the Reds yesterday. 11 to two as well. The Bright took Care. The brew at six two. We go let's get back there. Hey man, Ronald Jr going crazy. My boy already got 50 plus home runs. Ain't there a hundred? He going crazy bro. Yeah, he haven't won of them years. Look at him. I want one of his jerseys though. Y'all Ronald Junior going crazy. I need his jersey bro. He having a better start than his MVP year. My going crazy right now bro. I need his jersey bro. Y'all know I'm a Braves fan. I need a Jersey bro.


Anybody wanna buy me a jersey? I ain't gonna lie. This morning I went on Lid to try to find a Jersey Dion. All is tap in. We need that jersey. You know the vibes Fred It tap in. Shout out to them man for handling business. The Blue Jays took care of the Cardinals. Five to two. My Diamond back to back on the right track. Baby took care of the manners. Five to two angels defeat the athletic six to five. And listen man, we slept on this. Denzel Clark had one of the best plays ever two days ago. It needs to be acknowledged. They ready the player of the year catch the year. Love to Drake. Mm. That boy thought he went yard two. That's crazy bro. That's that's cold. Yeah that's cold. Even this picture look alike. He saved him. That's why he was geeked yo.


Him dinner the way he climbed the wall though. It's crazy. Come on bro. Timing. You Wanna talk about playing above the rim folks? This ball is outta the ballpark by Yeah man it's fire that A different type of athlete Bro. That was two days ago. But he deserves his glory man. But the timing though, you see how he looked at the wall like yeah I got it. Like let me get up this wall because he can go ahead and grab this two step bow. That's crazy. Jumped the wall one more time. Man that's that's Elite. Oh he's on that? Yeah. Wow. Oh that was crazy. Yeah, that's hard. That's hard. That might be player. That's, that might be player of the year. Hey early candidate for sure. Man. That's crazy. That's special. Yeah, we skipped over there. We gotta make sure we pay due man. Greatness plays like that.


Gotta be acknowledged for sure. Moving on though. I couldn't do that shit. I would've definitely, I would've definitely dropped that. You said you get up the Homer Man that's home run bro. I wouldn't even run up the wall. I don't run. I've been looking like it hit that out. Your manager's gonna be upset. You not trying to Home run so much. You could do though. Where you gonna run to it and be like damn. All right. You gonna blame. I ain't Think he made the elite play bro. Elite. Yeah. Hell play Boys is not doing that. That was elite. Nah, especially for a reason. Dodgers took care of the Padres. Five to two Orioles beat the sleeves off the Tigers yesterday. 10 to one. The Red Sox secure of the race. Four to three. The mess defeat the nationals yesterday. Five. Oh shutout season.


The Yankees secure of the Royals and let's go to Aren Judge Man Home run number 25 number Boy beat. Hey, hey. Hmm. That's crazy bro. To hit a low pitch like that is crazy. But he, the way he hit home runs look normal. You know like You know when somebody hit a home run they pose a little bit. He don't give you no no pole, it just run the bases. 413 feet bro. That's a 99 mile fast ball bro. Straight yard. That's a big dude. Is that 99? Wow. Don't care bro. That number filthy. That Is that nigga number two. But The real 99. 99 all Boost Mobile for Aren Judge. 99 miles per hour.


Say bro, he don't flinch. Lord. It could get wicked man. That's why the good ones are all the good ones for show the Twinki the Ranger 62 Astros to defeat the Red Sox belt to ass situation. 10 to two. Man. Shout to Christian Walker. Man. Shout my dog some love. Mm. All this is smacking. Hey he, he destroyed this man. That shit sound like, see how he pos though. Yeah, that was a bomb though. That's a, that's crazy. That's a bomb. No souvenirs, bro. That was a bomb. Yeah, they was active last night for sure man.


And then the last couple of scores for sure yesterday in the MLB. We'll go ahead and talk about those. Rockies losing again to the Giants. 10 to seven. Shout to me. No surprise there man. Verified buckets. Behead. Who was getting to it yesterday? Man? I'm, I'm gonna give it to B. Okay. He at the top of the list for a reason. That was, that was a great game by him. Man. Got to be let off the leash a little bit so good shit Ben. Come On man. One of the most important games you play. You go crazy with 27 off the bench. Shout to my dog Ben T who you got? I'm gonna go with the same person I've been going with this whole day. Tyrese Haliburton? Yeah, him playing downhill, being aggressive. 22 points. 11 6, 9 rebounds. Verify for sure, for sure.


Man. When he's shooting that floater man, he get it going. Mo. Who you got? I'm gonna go with Pacer's bench man. We keep playing like this. We gonna be putting up a banner man Of this. Can we talk to a Mooch? I'm definitely part of this bro. It's crazy. It is crazy how DJ went to the game and Mooch. It's cool you wasn't there. We gonna be at the parade bro. Don't worry about it. You going to the parade? Yeah, we locked in bro. I ain't go to parade. I say Mo, I know what my foot is Ain't on that note. My verified bucket is Rekia Jackson. She had 37 foot sparks yesterday. Who gonna be rock waller head Little yuppies in that motherfucker. Hey You know how mad I'm gonna be when Terry Cruz has his own float in the parade.


I'm gonna lose It. Oh if he get his own float the city's out of pocket. He about to. He better die bro. He wore a German New Jersey with nothing else. Y'all bet not let him. He's not from here bro. What we going do? He ain't nothing. Hey y'all seen Reggie Miller? They ain't go crazy when he, they put him on the screen like that. I just want y'all to know that. Oh man we can't hear that shit. He been at every game bro. We done cheer for him or enough. Look at him bro. Now you every game speaking of get well. So go ahead and love to Drake while we there. This why they ain't cheer. Oh Lord. This nigga here. This was The nasty nigga. He has to know somebody bro. In the, at the organization. I ain't gonna lie, I don't know who fit was nastier but Reggie tooken in that hoodie and that jersey and that belt buckle was crazy. I thought we was gonna lose when I seen this bro.


He Has his him like that. He has His chest. Why is he grabbing his chest like that? Like that. And the funny part about all this Oscar Roberts sitting next to them like hey get the hell outta my way. And he didn't even acknowledge though, or though he probably know who he was bro. Man, he didn't look the same nigga. 94. Why Is he grabbing that man chest like that bro? Why is he grabbing his chest like that when you get Upg? Reggie don't wanna talk to that nigga. That's what you do when you don't wanna talk. Gie tapped him. Watch out bro. Reggie Tapped him out. Yeah that's, Hey that's crazy. I ain't gonna lie bro. I don't want you wasn't Say what up to Reggie. I don't want see Terry Cruz bro. No bro, bro. He got his chest out bro bro. No Bro. Look how big this nigga Bro.


Fuck. Don't put that outside. Terry Cruz would kill somebody bro. Down T bro. He Look strong as healed bro. Yeah, that's a nasty fit off for sure between 'em two. Alright we got next. That dude is strong as shit man. Oh yeah man we back in the MLB with the low lights man. Shout to the ball boy. Not doing his job man. Look at I I oh I wanted to fall. Oh, lock in man. Oh, Oh. You should just start dancing. That's Bro. Hey, if people didn't start that minute, that'd been fire. Motherfucking helmet too heavy.


Boy. That's how my nephew Jamir used to rock when you was little big old head one tub and T, You missed the ball. I lay out young. Fell gotta lay out talking About, that's Jamir walk. Alright, what we got next? J Dub. Oh yeah. Shout to Benedict Mather. Hey come on. Hey Juan. That was a beautiful move. Tuchman move his. He a, that was tough. I ain't gonna lie. Yeah, Shout to Bendi Mather man went crazy for him.


Hey man, one more time for Boost Mobile man. Y'all know the vibes man. $25 unlimited. But we got the new special going on right now. 99.9. Tap in, get you a iPhone 15, man. Man. Four, what is it? Four Five Mega Man. 5G Nationwide. 28 megapixel on the camera. Come on. That's crazy. Get right. That mean it's clear. Real clear what? It's better than our cameras. You probably can low key. Shoot you a podcast on that camera. I'm sure you can look at ours. Yeah.


And on that note, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back. Same time Monday morning, five 20 In The Morning. The volume Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted it. They effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hey, there's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Sargento, cheese slices, Hellman's mayonnaise, lays party size, chips and snacks and Triscuits. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online. For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


This is an iHeart podcast.