
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's a per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Sir, Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It Is kind of star studded a little bit. Man, We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to it. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen To new episodes of the World Drugs Podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Thursday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My is DJ Wells full house. This morning we got Bishop Young Nacho five 20 MOOC Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What happen bro? Bro? Good bro. Feeling great. Listen, we got a lot of basketball to get to, but we had the debate before the show started and we gonna bring it to the chat to see how y'all feel. If you had three options of fast food to pull up to, whether it be churches, taco Bell Long, all Silvers. Where y'all pulling up to? It's that Order, Bro. Okay. Niggas not for real. Human beings are really not supposed to eat long. Y Oh, I'm some real way better than Taco Bell, bro. Taco Bell is dog food. It's not bro.


I'm going with the bell. I I give that shit to my dog. Nah bro. He trying to kill me bro. She eating good. That's a premium. That's puppy child bro. I'm going with the bell bro. The, the bell for sure. Okay. You can't even eat it. You gotta eat it instantly. You can't let it get home. It's gonna get soggy. Yeah, now fast food does have a very low shelf pot for sure. Eat as soon as you order. Not McDonald's, you can have that shit for. Yeah, you can have that shit for 12 years. Yeah. I swear to God though. Chalupa, that's why you gotta get a chalupa if you on the road Chalupa Chalupa. But if you stand in the parking lot Get that's the shit I want to eat a Chalupa bro. Nah bro. Beef chalupa Supreme extra side cream mouth sauce. That's nasty as fuck bro.


You gotta chill bro. Long John hurting as long. John Silver says fire get you some chicken. Planks some fish, bro. Chicken fire bro. They h We want to go to jail. Get your half up with that baby. We started jumping more down on some bullshit. Let's get to it. Nicks bought another 20 point lead man. I mean, excuse me, the Celtics bought another 20 point lead. Nick's got the win yesterday. Let get this shit right man. 90. Yeah, I no disrespect. Let's get it right. Yeah. Shout out to the New York Knicks dm. Slap him bro. I know they got lots to say about you. Two gentlemen over here. I know nigga. Fuck Tics. Niggas talk. Shout to what took place. Shout out to my name. Shout to the bro old Jada, You know what I mean?


Cam Maze. Hey Better win game three. You know what I mean? All you y'all gonna, man I don't got nothing to say. I just done with the S Hey getting they Ass. Shout to my guy Jake Mills. He celebrating Jake his Turn. Hey Right now. Enjoy this shit bro. He Told Paul, Chris you better get the walking, He can walk 20 miles to work. Oh yeah. There will be a Paul Pierce tracker for sure about his Robert to work today. Let's talk about it. Josh Park showed up 23 6 and three. Kat had 21 to 17 rebounds. Big game for Kat Brunson only had 17 to seven. Still didn't matter to clear business. Now JB had 20 and six yesterday. Derrick White showed up 20 and nine.


Jason Tatum only had 13, 14 rebounds over five assists. I Was doing this like Kat or Yoic. That's what I was doing yesterday watching the Cat Stop, stop Joker. That's where I'm at with that Scale as hell. Disrespectful. That's, that's big me scale. Nah, that's the Armstrong nuts the real strong. That's Lance Armstrong, that Nigga because that's what you niggas Do. Somebody have a good Gamero say niggas is the greatest. Nah. So Cat, they said the kids have me doing this every like what you doing?


Y Niggas is crazy any other time, any other player, y'all start comparing him. Greatest DJ said Aren Gordon the greatest, one of the greatest role players ever. He is a fact. He's a champion. So Cat. Cat and Yoker. Yoker. Hell Cat and yogurt motherfucker. Yeah, Waders man. Man That is crazy man. What, what's going on with the Celtics? Them three, what's going on? Three, two threes bro, they don't care. Let's go to the team of let's go to their, they don't get down Yesterday, I think it was 10 for 40 yesterday for them from three. They coach don't call Tomm, he don't care. He just love him. Keep shooting threes bro. Like why? Why don't they put Cat and pick and rolls and go downhill?


When JT went downhill and crunch, he got the easiest dunking the whole game bro. Just keep going downhill bro. Go downhill. Like what are we doing? Go to the real Jalen Brown started going early, then they stopped doing that shit. Mm. Go to the rack bro. Simple. You look at shoe percent yesterday Jalen Brown went a for 23, 2 for seven from three, not enough. JT five for 19 from the field, 26% is never gonna get it done. And one for five from the three Al Horford 2 4 11. Jesus, we are not asking Al to shoot that much, but he had two yesterday. Please stop. What's up Pingus? Man, only 14 minutes yesterday. Real illness. He got the flu or something bro.


Stomach plug. I don't know. Yeah he must be having some long John Silvers. My boy going through it out there. Luke Cornett three for four. Yeah. Look at these percentage. They shot 10 for 40. They Just locking them niggas up bro. Niggas at bro, They playing defense though. They just locking niggas up bro. They are Guard. They are guard. Shout out to Mike Hill motherfucking Bridge nigga. Let's go to the Knicks please. We Put Smart on you bro. Him And OG bro. Yeah, no OG is a real deal. Yeah it is a real deal. They Got them in hell bro. OG was like fuck it, I ain't, I ain't gonna squirt tonight. I'm gonna just lock these niggas up. D he played really good DJ two for nine from the field. Didn't quit get going offensively bro. He he played defense yesterday all out he first team bro.


He, I don't watch the hard watch First team but What Team can't get past him bro? Bro, if he ain't ain't on First team, I don't know who on first team because I'm like damn they can't get past this man at all. And now listen, a lot of people were questionable about that contract. They was like, I don't know if the Knicks over paid him, he's the biggest contract worth but so far he showed worth the listen. They time all them picks that traded from Mikal Bridges worth it. Listen, six or 18 still worth it. 14 points And locking up played the whole game. Yep bro they be locking up Play the whole game y'all Man. I'm a Knicks fan bro. Aw Nah like DJ tell you bro, stay over there bro. Stay over there and stay that way bro. This Shit crazy. This playoffs has been fired.


It's the best shit I've seen in about three years though. Yeah. Shit crazy. A lot of unexpected teams getting dubs. I mean listen, a lot of people still feel like this stuff can come back but right now I got some respect to the Knicks man. They handle the business, they too. I really don't want 'em to. They handling they business, they handle the business. Gotta respect it. You know we make money off content so. Oh yeah, when the K Nix is booming baby? No, YouTube is great. Boston lose the trade scenarios that's gonna come out. Oh yeah. Oh my God. Oh it's already smoking the area. What was already talking about is they trading Jaylen Brown. I said damn boy they ready, they on that already. They on that bro. Man. Yes. Fire up to Trade Engine. It is time. Fuck it. Jalen Brown, take your ass to Phoenix nigga. Take your black ass Series Ain't over.


God, here we go. That's what I love. Don. Get your ass on the other side of the world bro. Get far away from Boston. If they trade, Derrick White, drew Holiday should never cut his head bro. Poor Z. Nah man we keep them. Nah, poor Zenga might have to go bro. Poor Zenga gonna have to keep sitting out with stomach aches bro. He might have To go. I might be fucked up bro. He got the tightest bubble man. He might. I really might be fucked up. I Think you gotta keep Zenas though bro. Why would you train him? Because bro you hurt. I'm nothing bro. He I need availability bro. He's sick. Y'all like no nigga hurt. He be hurt a lot too though. Yeah, I would say nigga don't got aids. Damn. Like he'll come back. He can beat this whatever he going through, he can beat this bro.


I'm keeping Portus on my team if I gotta trade. JB get the fuck outta here bro. Why? Why you always you're gonna get fired is always hurt. JB I'm keeping Jason Tatum bro. Poor you gotta break Jason Tatum bro. I'm saying but you gotta break that up. It's time they Don't have to. It's been working bro. It'd be funny because you always tell us when we overreact Not over bro. Bro it's not working bro. It's been, y'all Just wanna chill Bro. Y'all are saying bro. It's not working. Y'all saying together bro. They just want chill bro. It is done bro. Yeah it is cooked bro. You say after Luca last year no matter no more, it's, it is the best duo in the league Bro. No they're not. Show me now. Who I would Trey J for? He talking crazy. Is that Thompson Twin?


Yep. For Houston One? Yep. Okay, you cooking But who else is going in that trade though? 'cause you gotta get somebody else to make the contracts match. Shit, fuck the contract. All them young wings. Let me get Ken Whitmore. Yep. Let me get, what's the tall one that can shoot from? Auburn Tar? Nah, nah, Smith. Oh Jabari. Yeah Jabbar my pop. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hell nah. Yeah, I don't know if Houston gonna make that Go call back on that shit. We'll figure it out. They like you can get Jeff Green. Hell Aren holiday. We don't Want Jeff Green baby Too bad. Look, I'll be like, let me get the Thompson twin Jeff Green.


He gonna be a Celtic Beer contract over There. Nah, jg wanna be a Celtic again. Fred Fleet, they got a decision on his contract and moved out his auntie bro. 44 or I asked, I called Detroit. I need Fred. Oh okay. Hey you want Jalen Brus? I mean Jalen Brown. Will you take that Thompson twin? That'd be cool. Might be Good for that. Yeah, Jalen Brown will be solid over there. Jalen Brown and K to really whoop shit. That'd be a fire. I like that dude. Yeah and then you gotta, you get down, they get, they lose some money. They get down on the tax Boston would, but you still get an up and coming star. Yeah. Yeah but if I'm Detroit, no I'm not Mexican. Why? Nah, that's Jalen Brown bro. Still Jalen Brown cold Most now you over the home Dj.


You gotta push that. You drunk. You gotta push that button. What He has to, you gotta push that button bro. Trying to build it bro. Jalen Brown gonna come there being eight, he's not 40. Jalen Brown about to come there be option number one bro. We got K, we got time for that bro. Nah, that's what we, I I'm number one Steel. You come to my team? Nah JB number one. Nah, I'm number one see's, that's why I just said that. But he, he, he about to come in there and be option number one bro. He need that though. Like Jay and the Thompson twin for Jaylen Brown. I don't know how you get the more money you throw somebody in with a big contract Isaiah Stewart or something or somebody who making a little money because K need that ball bro. What? No I, I believe that they could work but I just also believe that I'm the finals MVP and I got the biggest contract in NBA history right now.


I'm not about to go to Detroit and be the second option. I mean he realistically he number one but I mean that's what they need bro. They both gonna play. They both gonna kill but I'm just saying for the Celtics to get under the cap, not even under the ca, they're not gonna be under the cap. But for Celtics to get off some of that money if they lose this series, if they lose this, yeah then, but if they come back and win, we ain't talking about nothing but they lose. I'm going to get one of 'em Thompson twins. Jack Brown can't have the attitude anyway 'cause I mean shit, if you going like what DJ saying, if you go to a sad team, nigga you ain't gonna win shit. It's gonna be he wanna win bro. Detroit Ain't gonna be sad though. If he wanna Detroit, Detroit would be, Nah, that's what I'm saying. They'd be cool. Yeah, he, I think he'll sacrifice a little bit. He don't wanna go to a goal. He don't wanna go to Brooklyn bro. I think that shit, He'd be out pocket bro.


I already Got the chip, I got the bag. Nah, it's just time to cook bro. I just think he is. If they went to, if he went to Detroit they'd be a top 13. But I, I think that the Boston sales Aren traded Jason Tatum or Jaylen. They not, we just, we just having fun for this conversation. They, it'll be Drew holiday for Z. It'd be one of them guard before it is either one of them too. It's all two Eric White Drew Holiday poor. It is Not y'all. They lying. They're not getting Mix it four fucking I blowing up. They If they got swept they might trade one of 'em bro. Any other time y'all niggas blow team. This show is crazy. Yeah, swept is crazy. They they had trade all them other dudes and Kevin Durant look somewhere else but we got swept. They had Drew Holiday.


Derrick White for Zenga on the block for Kevin Durant. I man losing Derrick White and Jr. Holiday is crazy. They got to too. They make that team move. I know what I'm Who the fuck out that jersey? It took me here in Jersey. Don't worry It, it is. Save it guys. Don't worry. I'm just waiting for game three. I know I still got the, the goat over there. Don't worry. Yeah nigga, that's a real Mitchell Es not the other shit. He disrespectful. This is a, this is a real bitchy. This a game more That is that I would never have another nigga name on the back of my church. That is a LeBron soldier jersey. This a, Hey send that nigga jersey man.


He got buy your name the back of his shit. Let go. It's my name. Even if see Mike snitching, we Were supposed to keep that after Game three. I'm, I'm getting a Celtics jersey with my name on the back. Oh. I forgot I played for them my bad. Oh Richman another swing man. Come outside. Tea Fish. Alright love bitch. Come outside. Go nowhere. Come outside talk. I'm here $2. Make some more. Jay Fe. Yeah, you can't tell somebody to come outside for $2. That's crazy. They don't even walk the stroll for that. Shout out to the tariffs za ton say yo as a he fan. I'm still gonna Get Well Soon after what the Cavs did. But watch the TA Jerone Smith mess everything up and turn into a traffic cone now.


It's wild. He trash Yeah. Yes. I ain't gonna say trash but he even having a bad series. I good. But we appreciate what you're doing right now bro. Keep looking out. It's love in the city for top row. He's having a bad Oh you niggas is really rooting for the Pacers Key Tcho when they play tomorrow. Respect on Bruss name. He's the best guard in the playoffs. He might be the best guard outta Jersey if he can lead them to the finals, boy. He ain't better than Kyrie style. Watch your mouth shout Brus y boys be wild boy. Boys forget niggas get hurt a little bit. Chill on the Kyrie tone. There would never be no Kyrie slander on this podcast ever outta Jersey To KC. Now we Gotta chill bro. Got a hundred clips. Hey I ain't gonna lie. That's a fire song. He got New York way more lit than Kyrie did though.


He did. I give him that. He did. Kyrie didn't have Brooklyn lit. Like he got new, I mean playing for the Knicks is different than playing for the Nicks bro. But they had the option to go to New York. The The Nets were, they Had option but the Nick messed up because he would've turned the Knicks Up. Yeah, the Nets were like the Clippers for sure. I don't know if he would've had he just in the wrong part. I ain't know. I don't know if Kyrie would've had it this term. There would've been no, no they, there would've been no Vaccine s smart on him. There would've been no disrespecting. They would've handled that a lot differently. Especially this this rendition of the Knicks when Dolin kind of took a step back and let them cook. Yeah bro. That done had the garden turf for sure. But shout to Ja Bruss. He doing his thing bro. That's with Jeff. Huh? That's Knicks super Chad. What Jose Luis got damn boy.


Santiago's and Gonzales and Amigos. Carne Asada. I love that Taco. Hey lots of love to y'all from the Mexican community here in Texas. Shout out to Texas. Shout out to the Mexican. Yeah y'all invited to the carne Asada. But I can't wait till the patients play Knicks in the Eastern conference responds and the plague hits the Knicks. Damn. We're not gonna put Thatm on this. That's probably right. That's what's gonna happen. You right. I remember we beat them last year in seventh. Shout out to shout out to them though. I, I think I know them bro. Probably if y'all from Houston. I, I I y'all probably some people out fuck with Or El Paso. Why y'all bro? Fuck You Gonzales. I don't ever put that shmo on the Knicks name like that. I knock you a Knicks fan. I Disgusting Work.


Alright man. Can the Celsius come back into the series all jokes? They can, yeah. Okay. Hell they just gotta win too. I mean the Knicks just did it. Okay. They can win big game bro. Yeah they can. They champions. Nah I feel the Knicks fans, they keep saying everybody's like well game three is the indicator. Y'all done said this about every game so far. Y'all gonna wait until I win the series Said if they go go up three Oh it's over. Yeah, if they go up three oh it's, it's cooked. But if the Celtics wing game three they got life. Oh I think The Celtic gonna win three in a three in a row. In row. Yeah. Cel in rows win game three. The Celtics gonna win a series. Okay. If they win next, I still, they get though. They gonna get life bro. Yeah That's got the Knicks Because all the pressure right now is on New York.


Y'all y'all supposed to win that two. Oh this all how y'all supposed to win? Get I'm nothing on that Y'all now Bullshit. Nobody is feeling but they up too. Oh. Nobody's feeling. Nah Y'all don't bullshitting now. All the pressure. No way. The pressure's on us bro. Y'all Feel supposed to win now. Y'all up two. Oh going home. All the pressure's on y'all if y'all supposed to get the ass. Whoop. Yes bro. The fuck do we got pressure bro. From the, From the jump they was supposed to lose. Nah they had turned bro. The pressure is on the Knicks like we up two O. We Are overachieving right now y'all. Nah y'all up two. Y'all made this roster to win a championship. That's a fact. Y'all over, y'all made this roster to compete with Boston. We got a whole bunch giant story. Y'all was supposed to compete bro.


Y'all winning. They got four damn near max players. Y'all basically getting what y'all paid for. Y'all winning. This is what they win. Black cap for Bridges. All These niggas is crazy. That's a fact though. All the pressures on the Knicks bro. You going home, home up to oh if you don't take care of business Boston, can y'all win a couple games so we can rest New York like please. That's what I'm asking. Just win a couple games rest. Everybody in New York, all my New York Fans enjoy day thinking out the pressures on the Patriots too. Hey it's if you ain't seen nothing we not worried about and I want the Patriots to win. We not worried about them. Like everybody y'all going up to up. If you up to everybody back the game Bridge going be turned up. If y'all lose game three, the momentum switches game. We have to win. Y'all have to. The Momentum switches.


That ain't a, if they go go back to Cleveland too. Gotta even, the only thing about that Pacers, the Cal series Theon conference is a that that series is a ass but not even disrespect it is just like a boring series 'cause everybody hurt. There's no way you watch that game lit. That shit was lit boring bro. That was, that was boring to me. That shit was lit. That's, that's it. It was boring. 20 point comeback with game winner. Niggas was good. Think about niggas turned the game off when the Cavs was up 20 and shit game. That's 'cause y'all niggas like basketball. I'm talking They was, they was walking niggas down though bro. That To See Donald Mitchell Denver score 50 and then the way it ended, bro that's a fire.


That's Not boring bro. That is boring bro. That serious is boring. Indiana verse that's crazy. Ohio that's a, I get what you trying to say? Nah, that's just boring. He's trying to say like the scenario, it sounds boring but they played a fire game. That's boring bro. Normally the, there ain't no real stars like Donvan, Mitchells Stars Tyres, Halburn a star but they like boring stars like, but they after turned the Cavs was hard the whole year. Nobody watched. I thought Diamond Mitchell, how many Cavs George he was killing 50 on some real shit outta 82. Probably like five. I'm gonna keep it real outta five. Nah, me too realistically. That's what I'm saying. But the game was still fired. Alright, now let's switch to the other side. How many Thunder games you watch?


Yeah. Five. No, no watching. No I was tapped in with the Thunder though. I, I got a little money now so I'll pay for the premium package on my tv. How many nuggets, how many nuggets gave do we watch? We didn't have a choice TV every night. But I'm saying I don't fuck with the Easter conference though. That's whole point besides my Knicks. So. Oh my god. She Sounds my Knicks, I only watch the Hawks games anyway. But I'm a West Coast nigga. I'm a west coast Besides My Knicks is crazy because I've been telling y'all all your day Easter conference shit is trash bro. But you not Knicks nigga. What is that? The junior EYBN. The NY. The yc? Yeah. Yc. You not have all Houston jersey. You're not a real N fan. You're not Anick. I got a mellow Mike can you throw me my swer bro because these niggas is out pocket.


That's a swing man. I'm Gonna save it. Shout out to my dogs. I know Melo. Shout to JR r Smith. We still got the tags. Show y'all. We not playing. We got thousand. Y'all ain't got this yet. That motherfucker fire too. I ain't gonna You shout to Dex. Shout to Mitchell. That's how fire the D jerseys are Fire bro. You know what I'm saying? So we here baby. I Gone with this fucking show. Yeah. Hey what New York Go new Go go New York. Go. I cut that shit round. Let y'all know Knick Tim's my favorite coach. We, I'm back. I'm back. I really want Jesse Tatum to win The final Don't I'm back.


Real. If the Knicks play the patience DJ your Show for sure. Talk to remember happened last year. They said that's gonna beat this. Yeah, I'm not rolling with that Shit. It's over. We walked niggas down game second bro. Yeah that's might work Tim. I'm still family dog. Yeah we need to pull up to the corner. Hey if I didn't have up respect, I would expect table. Why y'all going For the niggas nasty bro? Nigga I'm from Harlem. I did grow up in Brooklyn. Crowd height, Crowd height to my niggas in Crown Heights. Man Mar.


Yeah You know what's crazy y grew up out to Brooklyn. Shout the room Seafood baby. I miss you. They can't cook. I was a regular assu. Yeah Bro. What the fuck these whatcha talking about bro? Hey let's go. It's got a come on four these get them outta here now I'm rocking with the Knicks. I mean no excuse me. Win The NBA is a better place though bro. Nah, seriously bro. You see how they took over TD Guard? Yes. They will leave the don't S smart shit. Fuck you Sandy. Damn.


Alright. Alright. Christopher Swift and the Super Chase says what do y'all think of the Pacers in Nick's ECF? Would that be good for the league? That'd be great. Most definitely. That'll be one of the best. That'll be all the, they gonna replay all the bro Reggie Miller. Shit we need that. That'll be fire bro. I don't even want see Boston and Eastern conference finals no more. I seen enough nigga this saying fuck these niggas flat out bro. Y'all not of the year. Y'all got time to watch 103 Porters no more. That shit, that shit. Yeah JT I love you to death bro. You know you my brother man. But I, I'm gonna let y'all have that basketball man stop. I rather see yeah Pascal come drive with his right hand man. Damn. Damn That's I know what you trying to mean by that but I don't like that.


I'd rather watch that shit man. At least they go just foul and shit. But hey You know it's crazy. There was one position they had yesterday when they got three offensive rebounds in a row. It kept shooting three. I'm like I gotta turn this shit off. This crazy. Yeah, not it's just not fun to watch y'all get to my other game. What we doing? Alright. Belt to ass situation yesterday. Okay see get to my other fucking game now. That shit was embarrassing from the play games all the way to the finals.


Now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase scorer. Ready to place your first bet. Download draft King Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus. Best instantly Make it a playoff for us to remember with DraftKings. Download a DraftKings sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino. When resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and they did not go over well with the fans degrees hold thing. It turns up sweat other protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool Chris and Fresh it's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try. See what the fus is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit man. Yeah, we got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It Just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne. For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug thing Is. Benny the butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got be Real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Kara Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the Warm Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures. And your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide. And hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


1 49, 1 0 6. That shit yeah that that's what Boston was supposed to do. They had some shit on they mind. That's Literally what they was supposed to do. I mean if Denver had your cat, they probably would've 'cause these stats ain't it from Yoker 17 C. You can't have one game bro. That's me. Don't you ever He can't have one game. That's me, me that that nigga was tired boy bro. He found out on purpose. Like he, he Was tired. He was, don't you ever Compare them stats like That? Jamal Murray? No we don't need them. Flip Murray stats. That's all that Said. Done nigga. They gotta go to Denver. You call him Flip Murray. Yeah, we don't need 14 to four nigga. Nah we don't. Yeah We need 34 and eight. Definitely Shout out to Flip Murray. He was definitely Flip Murray. Yeah, for sure bro.


Flip Murray. Shout to Jaylen Williams. Shout to flip. He PE he was cold. Shout to Chad. Nah flip was was it all? He was cold for For sure For flip. What is it? Flip Murray, Ronald Murray don Curry OKC and 5 1 49 to 1 0 6. Them niggas is trans. We should be up too old You ass niggas. For real though. For real. Real 40 Ball. SGA hat 34 8 and four. Jaylen Williams has 17 seven. Chet 15 and 11. Russ Brook led for the Nuggets with 19 to five and Joker has 1786. Not enough. They look like a a U team bro. Not enough. Flying up and down the court. Yeah, they be having fun. They were flying up and down the court. And there's one point that you say earlier about this.


Okay. C team always like pay attention to their play. They like playing defense. Yeah. Yeah. They they take pride stops. They like playing together period. Yeah they having fun. They locked in that shit. Fun to watch. It's kind of like New York though. They very, they having fun. New York is having fun. They like playing with each other too. Balls like they, they enjoy being each other teammates like I wish they stopped. Stop showing that weak ass commercial though. We about Nigga Don tab. Oh Yeah it's been at Low My nigga look lowly as hell at commercial sounds. They stole my nigga advisor bro. Any people in double figures last night.


We, he Keeps saying nigga are you a Knicks fan or a OK C fan. Listen saying I told y'all East Coast I'm from Harlem one 25th New York till I die Al West, I'm a thunder boy. You from Lin. I'm a Thundercat. That's Wow. I'm a thunder. If everybody in Boulevard here, this bro Bro Should not claiming Y'all. I spent my summers in Indianapolis bro. I was raised in New York And then when you with the OKC When you got to the league. Oh that's ridiculous man. Listen, obviously OKC took care of business.


Y'all still feel strong in the serious, You know what I'm saying? A lot of y'all said maybe Nuggets. Nah that was y'all. They got the split they was looking for regardless of the beatdown. Think it, I think it's gonna go seven bro. I think it's gonna go seven. They're not gonna be like that in Denver. It's over. It's gonna be a good game. Yeah I got, I got it going seven. All they had to do was win one bro. Hmm. We beating them by 20 next game. Okay that's not gonna happen again bro. Yo tired bro. Nah, they going seven. They going seven. You feel like it's going seven? Okay. Yeah, I don't know about seven. Maybe OKC might win at six but it's not gonna be like that. Okay. Be here. How you feeling? You get these niggas the fuck outta here. They gotta, they got a lucky win the first game, You know what I mean? But nah, we, we back into it. Chat rebounding, crashing the glass. He must have watched me bro.


It's over with bro. They had a good year bro. All and the super chat gonna say Gene said what's up but the coaches like Missoula and I making endgame adjustments. Y boys be having me dying before going into work. Shout out to you for tapping in before work. Yeah Joe. He didn't call, he didn't make no he ain't making no adjustments bro. None. Joe said get it how you live. He don't call Tom Mouse. He just like y'all figure it out please. He like, we gonna do what we gonna do. Like he trying to stick to that formula but that formula just ain't working right now. Yeah bro. If y'all haven't hit a three in two games bro, drive to the rim bro. Let's get some free throws as players. You kind of know that like yeah shit my jumper off let me drive, I'm gonna try to do something different. Yeah.


So that's kind of, but these, and to be fair, they did shoot what, 20 less three. Oh they did But they still went 10 for 40 and but that's them they shoot three so nah. Yeah they won like that so they gonna keep doing it bro. Yeah, they just, nah. Do y'all expect to see if a change of game plan for game three? That's what I'm gonna ask y'all. I don't think so. But if they get hot it's gonna get ugly because the way they lose, they lose 'em by one point but they be up 20 and keep, I don't understand why they, they keep shooting bro. Y'all up 20 bro. Let's go to the rim, get some free throws. Let's take care of the ball. We good? Yeah they can literally burn the clock. Dude. Denver need to make moves this season. Kea asks, does Denver need to make moves obviously Yes.


They have to get your some help. Who they going to get though? He can't keep getting 50 and 20 for the whole season bro. Fuck no. Who do you think they gonna get? I don't know But they need somebody. They gotta make a move. Yeah they need somebody bro. They cap ain't the most friendly situation either. They they go get Kevin Durant. Nah They trade Michael Porter Jr. They have to get rid of Him. You gotta get rid of Jamal Murray too. Hell no. Nah you can't get rid of Jamal Murray. You Gotta get rid of for kd. Michael Porter JR Though. Michael Porter Jr. On a max Deal. That's not no straight up trade though. Shit. They ain't about to dope pick dope pick in or something bro. Y'all niggas high today Michael Porter for kd. You gotta think about the, I get what you saying. You gotta think about the son scenario Draft.


Y'all saying the son's trying to force their hand to get him outta there anyway son, They wanna leave. They don't have a choice. They have to get whatever but they need draft capital back. I don't know what the nuggets draft capital situation. They don't have any draft capital at all. I can't see Kd. You get a young porter, Porter pick. They need the picks and shit bro. Whoever K gets traded for is gonna sound crazy 'cause it's Kevin Durant. Yeah sure. But they not in a situation to be making too many strong demands. Go to KC Man let boys I would love that. Yeah go to KC but Denver, I don't know what they gonna do with this roster but KC don't need KD bro. They gotta get yo some help man. But they got right now is enough. But Murray getting a A bag. Yeah. Damn. He is Jesus Christ.


And it don't end for a couple years either. How much right now? It's like 36. Six? Yeah. Ooh boy that would've gave me 36. Michael Port Jr getting 35, 30 5 million a year. Shout To MP J. Yeah he Got, he getting too much money. Way to get that chicken. My boy. He gotta to Go bro. Joker get 50 and he underpaid. That's the crazy part. 50 a year is crazy And he underpaid. He underpaid bro. I really deserve 70 no 50 million bro. Aall he deserves 75. Yeah bro. If I had 50 million a year. Oh my god. Imagine I couldn't imagine signing of that contract. 50 what a year the baby mama's our and I crashed out. For real? Yeah I future that thing. What that 50 million gonna get cut real soon then fuck it.


It don't matter. We all gonna live together too. Yeah. Damn. Shit About to change. I just fucked your bitch 50 a year. There some go shit. Flip shit about change. 50 50 a year. Y'all living with all y'all baby mama. Shit might get a lot different kind of. I'm still a human being bro. No way. Shit get 50 million your life. A lot of shit going to change me here. Your Thought process Shit going to change bro. I put y'all in the same what is housing edition? I'm not living with all big. All my baby mama. Y'all have your own little space. What you got 50 million. You living With 'em? Y'all Wildly. That mean you getting that for at least 5, 4, 5 years. Not bro. Huh? You could get a, I'm getting a cul-de-sac in Indiana. You could get a fire ass crib for 6 million Elite crib here.


What? Yeah. Oh my God. For 6 million. I just would not live there. Yes, but I, I'm not y'all 30,000 square feet for 6 million. Everybody get a million. I'll give her all my baby mamas a million. And y'all get cribs in cars bro. Leave me the fuck alone bro. How many baby mamas you have? Six. God damn. Just playing. I got, I had two Shit. Not me. I already put it in my head nigga I six is crazy. The one that's why you saying they all can't leave with six is crazy. I was just playing. I was like 2, 2, 2. Carry The one two. I ain't doing enough. Let's move on. Oh war is t whoops tonight. How y'all feeling? I'm gonna be a rapper for real nigga too. It's crazy. I'm playing nigga. Fuck what the chain.


What the chain gonna look like? What's jv? Huh? What the cha gonna look like? Oh the shit work day nigga. All baby mama pictures on. Oh you gonna get the Tony got oh to open up. That took charge. Oh. Oh me nigga. Mike what you doing? I'm looking here Mike leave me alone. Give a half CI gets all of it. Mel what you doing yo boy crack crazy nigga. You gonna be at your boy with it. I'm going nuts. Keep your boy swag. No you be with it.


What means aint got no kids. Oh damn you holding on to the be a fool boy. I'm going a all when you gonna leave me baby mama gonna alo turn. How would you throw in the lore? You got 50 M. Shit you throwing 20,000. That's a light night. Light night White. He gonna turn Malcolm to Orlando Brown. He going 20 beds in the lore. He having a top. It's a light night. Ooh Fraud Fry for sure. He moving to a letter outta here. Oh you moving by in. Ooh he booby trap when it open back up. Okay. He might open it back up.


He he is the investment. That's crazy. All man. We know Steph is out unfortunately who's gonna have to step up for the timber Ws, You know what I'm saying? To take this elder tonight. Who gonna step up for the timber Ws? Nah we gonna for them to send 'em home for the Warriors. Yeah we gonna get to Buddy Hill night. Ah this shit over with bro. Shit bro. This a blow out Jimmy Butler gonna have to get 60. Buddy gonna have to get 40. Yeah I told you they about to four out. They're have to get 20, they about to four One. You ain't got no faith in nobody in the world stepping up to get a Dove and tonight quiet. No, I see it going six. They look like a G League team without Steph bro. They do. Mm they is dead now. They have been playing great defense though. I mean obviously You know Defense, they've been playing great defense bro.


But you missing 30, 25 to 30 points a night bro. And you don't understand how much attention Steph draw Most like he gets Dre Mile easy shots. He get everybody on their team easy shots 'cause you gotta always put a double team on him. Yeah, respect the Jimmy 'cause he going to kill but ah he that's gonna be tough bro. I'm cool bro. By myself. It's hard. It's gonna be tough bro. Alright. Be in for your timber. Take care of business. What you got for him? I think, I think the Timber Bulls dude win tonight but I think the series is gonna go six. I don't think Jimmy aint Jimmy ain't going out lose a four straight I feel. I feel you. I'm, I mean I can't see Jimmy lose Force Track. We've seen Jimmy do crazy stuff so Yeah. Yeah I just, I just don't see that's A big loss though, shit.


Y'all right. I mean it's a big loss. Yeah, Steph Curry lost Steph Curry. It ain't like you lost and you replacing him with Moody Lost Steph Curry like no disrespecting Moody but yeah Moody. That's a difference. But it's a difference. Yeah bro. Top 75. That's like Jay Daniel said, I mean I kind of guard Buddy Hill like I guard Steph Curry but he, he's not as good as him so it's different. Yeah, I mean that's not disrespect That's true bro. It is the fact, I Don't know. That was funny how he said it though. But he was but he was being real. He wasn't even trying to like throw a shot because that's true. It is just a difference between Buddy Hill and Steph Curry. No disrespect bro. He is though. Yeah I'd have been like all disrespect. See You know not Steph Curry but he ain't even take that as disrespect. He he couldn't. No because he, he not Steph Curry can JR me some money to me.


Can Jr step up and You know what I'm saying? He Don't, to me I feel he could still play the same way he Do that nigga do we five bands. I ain't go Who are you from? Buddy Hill. Oh I didn't know about this. I tried to see Buddy Hill. You got them new teeth on Team Dollar. Y'all didn't even hear how you said it. Team bought them Buckaroos nigga That nigga still owe me five bands. Wait, wait, wait. Why does Buddy Hill you five? Man man deeper to rap. Yeah I can't. I respect, I don't wanna get nobody in trouble but just pay you up man. Pay what you way buddy. We love you buddy man. No we don't. I see you. I see you smiling. You my dog too. I fuck but yeah he cool as hell. But he all, yeah respect pay what you weigh.


Yeah. Shaq, Ernie and Kenny Cade. Rob, what is it Nigga say I guarantee I do. I looked up. Nah you didn't. Oh. Run That. Run that. Okay. Okay. Respect. Yeah. Pay what you weigh. Niggas start logging up? Yeah. Jayden, Daniel, Jayden. Shout to my second favorite player of the league. Jay Mc d You a fry for sure. I say obviously everybody's taking Timber Wilson tonight. Yes. All right. Moving on tomorrow y'all, You know what time it is? What cash up to the bridge. My favorite series. The thunder verse nuggets.


Don't disrespect us. We talking about Is ever Moberly back? No we we won't know is out. We won't know. These niggas are charming man. Hey I'm so mad at Darius Garland right now. He's charming Bro. On me bro. Niggas are they. Hey Stephen, A is out of pocket bro. What Did he say? That's kind of messed up bro. What's Steven a say? He just disrespected this man. His toe hurt bro. He like bro I don't care what you do bro. You need to tie that toe up, Tie that toe up. Put something on. He said if you have to limp out there bro, if he limp, if his toe is messed up he can't run bro. He'd have to play bro. That's a tough injury bro. Big toe bro. Like bro you've never played basketball, you don't know how that feels bro. Yeah he's hurt bro. Nigga he ain't just sitting out for no reason bro.


Yeah, I don't like that notion at all bro. They're not just sitting for no reason bro. They have disrespect. It's the playoffs Darius for sure not ducking no smoke nigga Not from no fucking Pacers. Hold on now what The fuck? Nah he really not though. He He's not. But I just didn't like the way you said though. Yeah Man. Darius Garland my nigga. Hey DG Cole for sure Allstar man he hurt that told he hurt. I ain't gonna lie as a guard though. Like let me quit playing 'cause everybody would think I'm hate as a guard. Your explosion and your quickness shit is everything. Shit. If your toe is messed up bro, you cannot play basketball. Yeah he Has two shit bro. Then the NBA is nuts. Yeah you can't be out here like Tys, Halliburton is a all, all NBA player. Yeah he can't be out here. Her trying to guard his nigga bro.


He gonna to cook you bro. That's just three big injuries. Get him the fuck outta. I'm saying I'm just Sitting down. Yeah, that's bro. Like Benedict Math is a cold player bro. You cannot be out here with a heard. They going to attack you bro. These two niggas. That's questionable bro. Y'all, y'all gotta play questionable. You need to play because they even mo bros ain't gonna put You think Ankle though. Okay. He Ankle and Dee Hunt dislocated his thumb. So all these shit is legit injuries. Yeah, it's unfortunate timing for sure. Yeah but a fan. But if I'm, they just wanna see people play by. If I'm them I'm hitting Tyrese in the hand. We gonna see if that risk's fucked up. Yeah bro. Like I'm fouling him hard as hell so every time you go to the basket we knocking him down Jesus.


So every, every time he laying he gotta land with that hand. Jesus. I'm just, I'm not saying that's what, that's what Dylan Brooks was doing. That's what you gotta do And next substitution James Johnson is the game for the Indiana Pacers. Fuck it. That's even better. The game played all year. Just take it back to that old school. Yeah, even better. Yeah like that. So James hit cool get that nigga a rock. Nah there would be no basketball player during that substitution. All swings for chaos. That's but I ain't saying you don't. Two close lines. What I'm saying is you don't do nothing dirty like it is just rules a little pet, you don't do nothing dirty. But when Tyree Drive to THE BASKET, hey put him on his ass Sha Shaq would've put him on his ass. You gotta put him on his ass man. For sure. And you gotta make sure he try to land with that hand it, it ain't nothing wrong.


It ain't dirty That bro. That sounds dirty bro. Do sound dirty. But that's basketball. That's Basketball. I, I want y'all to try to clean that up as best as possible. It's Not, it don't matter bro. That's Basketball. Put him on his ass and make sure the nigga fall on his, I'm shaking them. You watch Isaiah Thomas and Hoop bro. I'm saying when you found somebody basketball we go to the basketball like Benedict Math did it to Deandre Hunter. He, he went to the basket. He went to test the shot. Deandre Hunter tried to lay it in. He he bodied him but he still didn't do nothing dirty. He contested the shot. I ain't see Hartenstein push what's his name yesterday? Jamon Murray? Yeah. You coulda just laid him fight You pushed that man they people be doing little shit bro. It's just basket what I'm saying Yahoo. So I get you could Contest the shot bro. But like if I contest your shot and I'll body you while I contest it, I know you going to fall.


You don't really wanna hurt nobody. You ain't hurting them But shit, when you, everybody naturally laying with they hands like trying to brace they fall shit and say crazy. We gonna see if you gonna brace that fall or not. All that being said, patience for, I'm not saying we win but I'm telling you what the calves need to do. They should. I mean they talked about the physicality of the series and I like the kitty and came out and said nah they're not playing dirty. Not is it fiscal? Yes, but it's not dirty. I've been put on my ass plenty of time bro. Yeah it's play out basketball, it's part and I didn't did a lot of fouling on fast breaks nigga I Out the gut. Yeah. Motherfucker jumping in the air. I'm swinging hard as fuck. Yeah. If I'm mad trying to block, trying to block this shot but know I'm about to foul you hard enough where you going to fall or you gonna miss the layup.


Jesus Christ you're Not scoring this ball. Play basketball get real Personally gotta swoop these niggas then if it, if it is, if it is that sweet, It's that bro Swing these niggas bro. But the Cavs don't got that kind of mentality like Tristan Thompson do. Ah that nigga foul me hard as hell before But they need to put his knock knee ass in the game. Yeah, Yeah. Oh when Tristan comes in, that's when James come back. That's a fair matchup. Let's go. Yeah. And then, but the Patriots already doing that shit. They put niggas on the, you see how hard they foul Don Mitchell. But they play so hard bro. Y'all see how hard they foul. Donovan Mitchell, every time he was dropping to the paint, it wasn't dunk. He was definitely landing on his, oh. Nigga had his head on arm on his head one time. Donvan Mitchell had to swing Yeah back. He was like, oh he threw a swing.


Like Yeah nigga his one time Aren E Smith kicked the nigga in the head. Yeah he did. Facts. Hey, he tried to jump over Head. I'm just saying, Trying To draw 50 points for them to stay close in the game. It might be over bro. Nah, it's Probably over but it is. Nobody else is playing is over ain't You Bro? Alright, shout to us. We gonna handle the business like we supposed to. Verified Buckets B he. Who was getting to it yesterday? My boy, SGA man 34, 8 and four. Man. Also, I'm giving it to check too. Y'all was hating and I put him on his ragy ass list but my boy had 15 and 11 so shout to my thumb. Shout respect to his game yesterday. But typically we don't put 1511 on Verified Buckets. But respect your thing. Nah, that's a, that's a heavy double double bro.


They won By 70 points bro. Nobody care about that Weekends 15 bro. 15 and 11 bro. Y'all hate it bro. Y'all not solid bro. Respect my 15 no matter how it come bro. Get these sad ass stick on when the was all line. I can only play who's in front of me ain't that What y'all saying? I'm shit. Y'all would've never been a verified buggy 15 was the, I think I only had 15. That's what I average. What the fuck? 15. But you might have some 15 to 10 games we would've threw. You Think you had 30 and shit? Yeah. Yeah, but they, we Been off that day. That probably been a Friday. It was a weekend game. That nigga had 30 ish shit. 30 On Saturday. I hate this nigga man. That nigga had 40 on a Saturday night.


A matinee. 12 o'clock matinee. Oh NBC game nigga. You hear me? This nigga here man. Disrespectful. What's I gonna do when we ate pie tomorrow? Man the Feds gonna be hurt. Play what game It'll be okay. Oh yeah. Who played tonight? Warriors too. Yeah. Yeah. We'll see y'all day it be blow out. Tell you who you got. I got I I'm gonna just go with the whole KC Thunder because beating somebody about fucking 40 in a playoff game. It is crazy. So y'all all verified to me 'cause the rest of these niggas Cat don't matter. He had 17 rebounds. That's good. But 2117 is respectable for sure. That's, that's a nice game. I ain't gonna hate for sure. I show love to Cat man. He hooped out yesterday.


Josh Hart really Catalyst 23, 6 3 and two blocks and he made some threes last night. He showed up when? Eight the most because they show leaving me over. Ah. You know who I'm gonna get some love to though. That played really well for the Knicks last night. Mitchell Robinson most definitely. He did a great job. Defensive that crossed that trap. Hey man, he hey he played well for the Knicks bro. And he always be on the trade blocks every fucking year with New York. Hey Jalen Brunson really is the clutch player of the year, bro. Oh he, he is really that bro. When you need it bro. Jaylen Brus gonna, I know you gonna score in a clutch bro. Every time he cold little chubby nigga. He's cold bro. Don't jump man. He should be a, he should be studied for all guards. What? Under six foot The blue player.


Two. He should be your blueprint man. Watch his tape. You have to. He not fast, he not quick. He just shifty and he good. He's skilled. Very skilled. Can do everything. Most definitely. Speaking of Mr. Robinson wrote a clip, Get Well Soon he shoot free throws worse than Shaq. This is why he's on the tray block. That nigga up there, that nigga up there playing. He threw his orbin air first. Hey rewind the swing in the head afterwards is what made me tight. No nigga the practice. Why are you practice nigga? I hate niggas that do that.


Who do the practice shot and then you shoot nothing like your practice shot. Like I love look when you do ever he slap his hands and throw the after he because without The pill that motherfucker looked good Bro. Without the pill. He looks solid. That motherfucker Fuck. Look at the Celtics bitch. They look at this headband. Big niggas Are so uncoordinated. Fs. That is crazy. Go backs bro. Shit. Hey look at the Celtics bitch though. Comb over. It's crazy. Like Nick look at the bitch. Watch the Celtics bitch bro. Whoever that nigga next to the coach is is rolling.


He is. We look, oh my god he is weak bro. He is weak. He's weak. He got his hands in the air. Oh my god. That is crazy bro. I ain't gonna hold you the clapping, the heads in the swing really pissed me off. Hey that is one of the worst. Who's worst? Who with Chuck Hayes bro. Chuck? No that's nobody. One's beating is nasty. Why is in a playoff bro? Why he doing playoffs? That shit bro. That's nasty work bro. Oh Get Well Soon man that that goes in my top five of all time. Yeah that was nasty. That's wild. Him Ken Martin son at three pointer. Oh Ken Martin. Three Disgusting. That was crazy. Alright, some more the super chat.


Excuse me. Do you think LeBron should opt out and consider Slim Kleeman? If they get bounced out? If he retire LeBron. If he does that to them. That's crazy. That's hard. That's an abusive relationship at this point. Yeah, if you go back to sleep sleep you keep going back. Yeah that's toxic. Fuck it. Do it bro. Let us See it. I fuck with that Shit man. Damn somebody want eight k off your picks. The real draft King turn up Was he was probably just taking some of 'em. Not all of them. Just taking some of my picks and putting 'em in shit. Damn. But shit, shout to you Big Mac and he spent, he spent a hundred with us. Whole stuff. Appreciate you bro. All real. One shout out to you show love bro. Okay? For sure.


Alright, let's go back to Get Well Soon. Please put Sandy up here. Oh yes the Dick's fans show they ass last night in Boston. I fuck with this. He threw a jersey in her face. Go back. She fell and shit. Look at him bro. Get this man out his Lit. Why are y'all putting us out the arena? The game is over. We got Hotel rooms and shit. Nah, He put the jersey in her face. Go to the beginning bro. Her fault on them chairs just made it all bad, bad.


He got Jersey in her. He say he said what's Oh it's so stupid ass outta here. I hate people that take their job too serious. Bitch don't put yourself in harm's way. Move around. He turned Down we on live going crazy. Yeah you were not about to stop that by yourself. Call Security and move around. He said I just Want him. I don't give a fuck about nobody else. Him Word. The men in the building. Y'all gave her too tough of a job. That nigga rooting For New York. Look at him. He lying. Sacho Bob. He like, I Don't gonna pay my nigga got a Sprewell jersey on out there. You for sure not stopping him. Look at me. I see Pat Ewing. I see Mel. He telling he's stunting On him. Let's go New York. Go New York. Go New York. Go.


This blue orange is fire man. Aw man. Give up some Man. Jason Tatum. This is tough. Come on bro. Alright. You gotta be able to get a shot against Him. Come on qui. Alright bro. Kill Mr. You. You gotta slow up. Kill Mitchell Robinson. Slow down and kill him. This nigga ran to the best defenders get out the way on the floor. He ran to the best defenders. He trying pass Up. Yes. Yeah Al get your old ass out the way and let me kill him bro. Come on. Whatever was happening, it wasn't enough. Wall Frazier this for you nigga.


Four. Fuck these niggas. Four. Oh my God. Let's Go To end the day on some bad SOS news. Paul Pierce load up to Drake, get the lemon pepper Step is ready my boy Tic you walking here tomorrow? Is that nigga got blonde in his hair? Yeah, he, he tweaked that motherfucker shirt. Weak KG menswear for sure. He definitely got the pants with that motherfucker.


We need Paul on the show. I to Get on the show. I can't wait to see the footage of this nigga walking bro. It's eight hours bro. He's not walking. He put it on his GPS. He said shit, Paul got a come on shit. Hey he walk eight hours Is Crazy. He gonna say Paul person not be walking to work this morning. We gonna check and see. He probably called out for sure. But listen, we got a super dope episode of Club five 20 drop today. 12:00 PM Eastern speaking to Jerseys. Man my boy be here. Start off the episode with a fire away Jersey man. Tap in for show. Yeah, last but certain, not least man. Five 20 day next weekend. Five 17 live in the city back now we going crazy special guests.


We got Bow. Wow. Pulling up for the live show. Tap in. Y'all been going crazy with the tickets? Listen, we gonna put a couple more up there. Once they gone, they gone. We've been doing the most for y'all. We trying to make sure everybody get in. But hey to the extent tap in starting to show off though. We gonna have for the love of Barbie, man, be here. Gonna be holding it down. Yeah, We gonna be hosting that. We need 10 gentlemen. So hit the five 20 DM and then we'll, we'll let her pick out 10 guys. Yeah man. Make sure y'all write Barbie and them dms. So we let y'all let us know that y'all trying To be part of, I think there shit. Barbie mobile or something. We'll figure it out. Yeah, we doing background checks too. Make sure you ain't got weird cases around here. Yeah, this is content and fun. No weird shit for sure. But we appreciate y'all. We'll be back Monday morning five 20 In The Morning.


The Volume


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled. One of the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast here. Yes Sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It kind of star studded a little bit. Man. We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to it. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.