(0s):
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal, you can send money instantly to friends and family When you're trying to go to playoff games, Go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app. Now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.

(27s):
Listen, as seia tells us why she chose to vaccinate her daughter. Right after my daughter was born, my husband and I are having to decide whether or not to get her vaccinated. I definitely felt like the pros far outweighed the cons. The diseases that I'm protecting my child against, they're still here. Talk to your child's doctor and learn more@yvaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck.

(56s):
When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely

(1m 45s):
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we started together. Watch the Today Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC,

(2m 1s):
The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesday's, five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show. We back, I know we miss yesterday, man. We was traveling for WrestleMania, but we gonna hold it down like we supposed to. We got a full house this morning. We got Bishop, we got Young Nacho five 20 Mook Fellows. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up Bro? What's happening bro? Good. Come on man. Crazy stuff going on. NBA playoffs have lived up to everything we thought it would be, but first man, we gotta talk all WrestleMania. Man. Raw was crazy last night, but let's start. What happened this weekend, man? We pulled up to WrestleMania. Shouts to WE. Shout to Chime. Great weekend. How you feel about the Match team? Man, this was your dream pull up. Yeah, this was my ultimate one of my bucket lists. I wanted to go to WrestleMania so that was cool.

(2m 42s):
It was, it was hella fun. I was disappointed in the main event a little bit. I thought the Rock and those guys would show up, but Raw didn't disappoint me yesterday so it's all good. How you feel about the Rock doing Pat Back show, but what? Being a WrestleMania. I mean, it is what it is. You know, that ain't really his go-to job no more. I mean he one of the leaders of the, the company now, so he gotta do what he gotta do. But it was cool to see him be a part of Pep McAfee show and even seeing John Cena do that show too. Most definitely. Hey, he ain't man watching the event. Travis Scott pulled up. Hilarious man. Travis Scott, damn near lame in the ring. Shout out to my boy Metro. He is a real fan. Metro booming.

(3m 22s):
Pulled over two belts. Shout out to Stone Cold, pulling out the four wheeler, smacking the young lady. Get will soon. Hey, did you See how he got off and he was just like, Hey you cool. Matter of fact, I'm gonna just get off the, he smacked her pull speed like Mario Carton just hopped in the ring. I, we, we do hope you Okay, because I thought you was a wrestler too. I thought it was. I'm I'm new to this so if I laughed, I'm sorry. Nah, I, that was a part of the show. I didn't know. Hey, But did you see the dude go follow up and check on that? He's like, Hey, no, you ain't gonna sue. Right. You got some good ass here. You can't sue. Right. You signed a liability waiver. Nah, for sure. That's, that's, that shit's entertaining man. I'm, I'm not probably the biggest wrestling fan but so far as entertainment man.

(4m 2s):
I'm, I'm rolling. I'm rolling For sure man. Wrestling man was crazy. We gonna talk about it more man. But let's go through some topics man. Before we get to the greatness. Cooper flat declared for the draft man. Obviously we all anticipated that. We know he going number one. It is still to count. Where now we waiting for the lottery man. Yeah. Where y'all think he might go? What's y'all, y'all first bold take Utah before we get to the lottery. Utah? Yeah. Yeah. That ain't bad. Probably Utah. Okay. No way he's going there y'all. Why you think that the ball's going go a different way bro? It not doing that bro. Okay, what you feeling Bian? Scroll up a little bit. Utah, New Orleans To New Orleans. New Orleans or San Antonio. Okay.

(4m 42s):
I hope He go to San Antonio. If San Antonio wins the lottery, that will be crazy. I know their chances are as high as other I Man, that would be tough. I could see him gonna Washington from the moves that the wizards put in place, getting vets in there trying to change stuff around. I could see them putting him in Washington for sure. But if I wish he could go somewhere and it would happen. It's definitely Charlotte. Y'all know how I feel. We need him and Lalo ball man. Cool. Basketball needs scoop flag Lalo ball bro. Run the bullshit up. Let's go. Don't start his career off like that, huh? Yeah, Please don't do him like that bro. They be Utah I guess. But y'all know how that shit go man. Sometimes it don't always end up like that. So he didn't Be the next Gordon Hayward.

(5m 22s):
Mm Utah. That's what he, that's What Gordon was supposed to be. Gordon did his thing in Utah. He Became All Star and everything. Okay, I like that. I like that. Yeah. Cooper go to Utah, he gonna shoot the ball whenever he wants to. It's up. Do you think they move lower marketing if they get that number one pick because Yeah they gonna Let lower You go. He Finn go play some good basketball somewhere. Yeah. Yeah. He deserves a new home for sure. Facts. Alright man. We'll stay tuned for sure. We laugh about this possibility of happening, You know we talked about the NAO situation with young Nico going to UCLA to bag the medicine but Tennessee really funny because they went and got UCLA's quarterback Joy Aguilar in the transfer portal. Yeah. So basically they traded quarterbacks. That's funny.

(6m 2s):
Yeah That's crazy. Shout out to the pettiness. That is wild. Like I wonder what the NIL situation was. It's gotta be cheaper than what they are. They Probably got him for 1.5. Yeah Bro. We can get so signed production outta him for 1.5, 1.8. He probably took that gladly bro. Yeah, we got about 1.5 because and he about to go play in the SEC. He likes Up. I'm solid. Yeah, Yeah think about it bro. He wasn't in the portal so a boy pulled up. So yeah, Fair trade. We be all right. 1.5 is solid. Yeah that's solid. A Hundred percent now I'll say that. So what if that kind of opens the door to like backdoor trades in college Because we never see trades in college obviously.

(6m 43s):
But now with the same IL situation you might have some handshake deals that could really transfer people across the nation. That's kind of far About to see a lot. We never seen NIL in college so that's a fact. It is about to, it's about to shake the room. Fuck yeah you gotta put a trade deadline in there. Deadline. I mean it's a support deadline I believe but Nah, the trade deadline, it's a trade deadline. You know how lit trade's gonna be. They just Did it. So I'm just saying it could really get to happening bro. Yeah, it's how old that's gonna be cold bro. That's kind of weak though. 'cause I did not. Nah, I'm rolling. If I don't agree to the trade, I didn't wanna go to this school bro. No, why Am I getting trained? Money's involved. You are. You are a worker now. For real bro. You wanna go to a league with this an early start? Yes. Hell get used to this bro.

(7m 24s):
So what's the league now? Like what's the point of anything? Everything the same. I mean you can't get no money like the NBA though. Yeah, yeah. Or the N nfl. I can get traded in college bro. That's Sick. Yes bro. You are not working out bro. Sorry Bro. I mean technically they can cut you in college. Yeah take Ain't never seen nobody get cut in college though. Home when they NL Niggas lose scholarships all the time because well Me for crashing out but nah, they be losing. Hey you ain't now especially with the NIL, they be like it's a one year deal. Yeah. So they be like hey we not gonna pay you that this year. So yeah, now I can see it with the money but when I was coming in through college I didn't see that happening. Oh nah it was down there a guarantee four years. Yeah, imagine that you're supposed to give you a meal. You supposed to average 20. Oh yeah, average 12. Yeah it's looking like 500.

(8m 4s):
No that Makes sense. I'm paying you, I need production. Yeah. So now I'm about to trade you to Tulane. Go Figure it out. Go to Duke. I'm sending you to t Bring me this 24-year-old that got one more year left. That killed last year. Tulane. That's crazy. Which crazy win the championship bro. You see Saint Bonaventure found a Duke who was playing pickup. He 28 years old. He like 16. Yeah bro. Found his, yeah, found his clip on while here Hooping? Yep. He just started hooping bro. He just started hooping? Yeah he, he just started hooping. What are we doing bro? He got nice. Yeah he is 16 mo Tap in. See Woe is the plug bro. Bro. Swipe let SPN bro tall scout for sure. It's the wild Wild west out here bro. They do? Yes. Speaking of transfer in the portal in Jackson St.

(8m 45s):
John's t you called us early how you feel about it Move. That's a good move bro. Going back to the crib. Patino gonna get him right. Yeah I feel like he gonna turn up. Yeah that that's gonna be A league situation for him. That's more his style of basketball. Hard playing erratic, You know what I mean? Just full of energy and a patino gonna let you score on offense. He just wants you to play defense. Yeah I know he he back at the crib more comfortable. He ain't fit North Carolina. Yeah he ain't that type of person. It seems like he like he gutter like he talk crazy. He need to get this shit off. Yeah That had him on a leash and he need to be free. He don't wear light blue like on me bro.

(9m 26s):
He don't go, he don't go outside and light blue bro. All now bro on not too much on the program bro. Can y'all see Ian Jackson door out? It's super blue collar. Yeah, On and I a bunch of my, Do you see and Jackson walking outside in a sky blue shirt. It don't look right. He supposed to be in red black. All right. Some gutter shit like PAC Center or Ville like MOOC City. Yeah, Yeah Right. Look at it. You ain't never seen, you ain't never seen you gotta adapt. You ain't never seen a nigga at Carolina with dreads. Nah Kind of dreads bro. Them is Wicks bro. Yeah. Crazy Like everybody else be having their ear.

(10m 9s):
You know Paul's pulled back and like fades and shit like this nigga look at his dress compared to his, he ain't supposed to be at St. John's. Yeah bro, he That's crazy Bro. Yeah For sure he ain't got them Riker Island dread. Yeah he's supposed to be he New York throwing and throw. Yeah he supposed to be in New York bro. Man shout out to Ian Jackson man. We are definitely locked. He Gonna go Q too. Yeah they Got some other guards so that's nice. You know we got some shooters. He gonna go top 20 now. Yeah, yeah he's definitely, NNC was holding him back. He was coming off the bench for some sad dudes man shit. Which was crazy. He was one of the best players in the country. Davis 29. I've never seen that Old ass guards in front of him bro.

(10m 50s):
I don't. I don't care bro. RJ Davis bro. He Gonna play. I got a scholarship from every school in the country bro. These old niggas need to go bro. And then when he got in killed talking Davis bro. When he got in he killed he he is Mr. North Carolina bro. Nobody cared bro. Be there somewhere else. His coach Cared. Go to NC State bro. We in Nah go to NC State bro. Yeah go to a and t. You Watch McDonald's bro. Does not matter right now. They should went to St. John from the beginning. Should have bro. For sure we've been Up but shout to him for making that move man. Listen, Nico Harrison had media availability yesterday and please load up to Drake reporter Isaac Harris asked him one of the most lyric questions you'll ever see in a professional setting. Why? Why shouldn't you be fired?

(11m 33s):
Well one, I think I've done a really good job here and I, and I don't think I can be judged by the injuries this year. You have to judge the from totality from beginning to end. And so I, I think I have a really good working relationship with Patrick. I Think you add in Rick, the leadership that we have is, is really elite. And you'll see next year when our team comes back we're gonna be competing for a championship. He don't need to do no more interviews bro. Man, like why did you even answer that bro? I would've been like bro what? Why don't You need, I crashed out bro. The funny part about it was the reporter Isaac Harris asked, he said it was a little bit unprofessional he said but when you go to a game between thousand people are saying Fire Nico.

(12m 13s):
I feel like that's fair. Is that out of pocket y'all That was out of pocket. Out of pocket bro. And he really sat there and answered that shit bro. That's why now I like Nico. I would say Fuck you locked In. Yeah Nico, I want y'all to do well man The funny part about it's he had a point where he was just like, what? I didn't know the fans like Luca that much now that was crazy. That's why I was like all right now y'all, you get off this press conference bro. They Said the owner told him, why didn't you tell me to fast like Luca this much. Like what are y'all doing over there bro? How don't y'all know that this is a top five player in the, everybody likes Luca not just y'all. Nah Bro. When you playing too much money don't bro Don't know that Luca don't Y'all Just like the dude that brought the net, the dude that brought the net. Dunno nothing about the team. He just, But not like he not doing shit like they doing.

(12m 53s):
He Ain't, but I'm saying he didn't know I'm Papered up know that Luca was his best player basically is what he saying. Why he ain't tell Me? He probably knew. He probably like damn he really is slit y'all. Hey He right, he they really fuck with him. Damn 25 is young two. He said Nick I wanna fuck you tell me bro you about to get fired though. Why you ain't tell me that? The funny crazy, The funny part about it is Jason kid got let go. Yeah Right. Yeah. So Nick was gonna stay in that job. Right. Are we a greeter? They Fire anybody that like Luca Champ God next down. Yeah You fuck go against.

(13m 33s):
We don't wanna put that in the air but go against The crane bro. It's over bro. If you fuck with Luca you are done. Damn look at it. They fired the trainer that Luca fucked with. He worked for the Knicks now yo this is crazy. Last year they fired him. They said he was too connected to Luca. Like what does that mean bro? Like I can't be cool with somebody. We're supposed to have good vibes around the building. So What do y'all Want bro? Anybody? They said Luca had too much control man Bro, we see each other every day and they be hurt a lot bro. We be locked in with therapy bro. This is my coworker too bro. He should have all the control though. Like I'm the team bro. Come on. They said he had too much bro. Got rid of anybody else rocking with Look Man you gotta stand on your decision though, shit. Yeah it's over now.

(14m 13s):
Yeah it's over now. Ain't no I wouldn't even talk about it no more. That's what I'm saying. Yeah if I was Nigo I wouldn't have answered shit. I'm not talking about this shit. I Would've checked dude though. It's O yeah I would've checked the shit Out because that is, that is crazy. I don't know how to check niggas professionally but I would've checked him professionally. Bitch ass nigga. You got me fucked up nigga. I would say hey fuck you Real, you crazy ass nigga, why would you ask me something like that? That's definitely not the professional way to ask. We're saying, I'm saying For sure that was out of pocket. It left Nico Handled it that well though. He did? Yeah. Oh well the rest of the interview very, very shaky. But that one I, I respect that. I Never seen nobody get criticized like this. I don't think nobody ever, you Never seen no trade like this bro. Yeah Fact. Yeah he's been getting torched for no reason though bro.

(14m 54s):
We know that in the face of it bro. We know he didn't make that call which Crazy he did. GM bro, that's your job. Fuck it. Respect. Speaking of GMs, Landry Fields got let go. He had a record of 2 0 1 and 1 99 I believe in his tenure. Uhs what's up with your Hawks man? Ah, new voice in the, in the front office. That's all. I mean he was young. He got thrown in the fire. He did. I mean I don't even think he was ready for that, You know what I mean? They just kind of threw him in a fire. He took his chance. He was came from scouting to You know assistant gm but he got thrown in that fire in an organization that really hasn't been about winning since, since I left to be honest. And I ain't even trying to be funny though. That's but I know they made it to the Eastern conference finals one time but it was like a fluke with when they had coach Nate McMillan, he was in that little room when he took over and then they just got out.

(15m 44s):
They got hot at the right time. But they haven't had a really, really good team in a long time. Like we haven't had 50 win. You know what I mean? Now we felt like we was really stamped. We haven't had one of 'em teams in a long time. So they just gotta find somebody who can put together a good team. And I'm not saying Landry didn't do a good job, he just was handed a bad, bad hand boy. Yeah and not for nothing in this situation. We, we talked about multiple years about the piece they put around Tray on he became a solidified Denver superstar all star for sure man. They had not put no pieces really behind him. Did ante Murray trade definitely wasn't it? That's the trade that probably got him fired. Mm Think that was the last one. But I told not trying to tell like I'm somebody You know office but I just knew that trade wasn't gonna work like Deonte and Trey, they both need ball, they need the ball.

(16m 27s):
They both point guards. It just didn't make sense when you could have traded for a real two guard or a real small Ford like Brenda Ingram or all these guys that was available at that time. Yeah. Instead of going to get Deonte murder and you ain't giving up first round picks for 'em. It's kind of crazy. Yeah you leverage a future in a situation he's already gone. Yeah, Most definitely. Alright man let's get straight to it man. Last night. What's crazy we start with the Clippers game man. They got the dub yesterday over their nuggets 1 0 5 to 1 0 2. Hell of a game yesterday man. Kauai went crazy. 39 5 and three masterclass. He went 15 from 19 for the field. Man Mid Ranger Solo Alive is Cosal around man He looked unbelievable bro.

(17m 9s):
I told you I had the Clippers winning this series. They should be up two. Oh yeah, But James hard and Guy that'd be better. He was okay in the second half but if it wasn't for Kaw Leonard, I mean obviously they lose this game but the bench gotta give us more production Bo bogey we gotta take him out the rotation bro. We gotta tap in bro. Man we gotta take him out the rotation I You Gotta give us something bro. Over five. He ain't made a shot. The whole series like I damn near gotta get bogey 'cause I, I got y'all coming out the west. We gotta get somebody else in the rotation. You not being aggressive though. Like he Normally aggressive as hell bro. You gotta get back on your aggressive. He might be hurt bro. I don't Think you can move no more because I was looking at him, I'm like he can't.

(17m 52s):
Yeah it, it is damn wrong. Ben Simmons need to be aggressive too bro. He made a good move. They just, they take him out so quick like he played in the pocket. That one the layup he did make, he played in the pocket. They hit him on the pick and roll. Yeah he got to the basket, laid it up and then after that he was in with a bad lineup. He was in with bogey Nico. Yeah. Nah yeah he can't rock with them. Nah he can't but I'm just saying like he ain't gotta kill but just be aggressive, get into the paint, make your plays just put some pressure on they defense bro. Right bro. Because he can change that series too. He can but he only play eight minutes. Nah, I know. Yeah it is tough. You give him some time. We just got back moved but Kawhi Leonard being that good after sitting out for so much time like he don't got no wrinkles in his game.

(18m 33s):
He not like outta whack. That's crazy how he do that bro. Yeah he just come back and start killing like nothing. Nine for ten first half bro. Like he like he ain't just sit out the whole year. He come just start hooping bro bro. And people disrespected him man. They was telling him to retire. They said he was trash. They said he was Cheeks. No, Kawhi is still one of them And people got mad at me when I said the duo Is he right there with LeBron at 40? Like he's, he better than LeBron at 40 and he should be because LeBron is 40. Yeah. Yeah I so ain't we keep saying he's 40 but I'm just saying that's why I was like that duo could possibly be better than Luca and LeBron but if James Hardt not playing good this yeah it's gonna get spooky and because in that first half boy boy he was out there tweaking.

(19m 16s):
Yeah For sure. James Harden had 1870 yesterday like you said had a much better second half and he did the first had a couple random turnovers but I mean Yoka tried to do his thing yesterday with 22. They had a little bottled up too though. Yeah he had a lot of turnovers that was unlike him. Most definitely they they blist him a lot yesterday. Yeah they putting Ben Simmons on, they just giving 'em different looks. Zoo box fighting. They just blissing him. They trying to wear him out bro. Yeah. Yeah. And then you got athletic people that's helping like Derrick Jones Jr. Who slide down that situation to make it a little bit harder as well. Yeah. Jamal Murray had 23 at six yesterday but so far I wanna ask you, is this the best first round man? 'cause we talked about game one. Yeah this could very easily be two. Oh right now. Yeah this is my Favorite series. It should be. Yeah I feel like they they going to seven in this one bro.

(19m 57s):
Think they going seven. I Like, I like seven for the season. Yeah. Yeah I see this as well. Like you said could have went either way. Game one, both games have been close. That last game was an ot. This one ended goes man crazy but Kauai, when he's healthy we talk about it. He top five in the league. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it was one point in the game where Jamal Murray was guarding hard as hell and he started complaining to the ref why he was guarding and Kawhi didn't flinch, didn't do nothing. He didn't with a fake hit the jumper just ramp. I said yeah he, he a robot bro. He locked in bro. So that's a robot bro. Like god damn he locked in. Yeah Bro. Emotions like he hit that shot to go into the half and just walked past everybody like all right I'm about to go take a naps before again. It's crazy man. He really liked that people sleep but you talk about those turnovers yesterday man 20 as a team, you're never gonna win a playoff game like that.

(20m 41s):
Yokers had seven yesterday. I can't even really blame him but what adjustments do they need to make from him getting bl? They better spacing. Okay on the backside get some shooters in in them corners. I know a lot of times they was jammed up too much. He was, he ain't had nowhere to throw it. Really? They don't have many shooters. That's a problem. Christian Brown can make a shot but he's great in transition. That's how he get most of his points running the lane backs and they taking NPJ shot away. I mean they closing out hard to him but they letting Westbrook shoot and they letting everybody else shoot like go ahead Aren Gordon knock yourself out. So they got a good game plan for 'em. That's why the game's been close. But I gotta see how they play at home now. Like are they gonna take they foot off the gas or they gonna turn it up and usually game three to home team play great.

(21m 24s):
So I'm, I'm going with the Clippers to win game three but we should see because they gonna let Russ shoot that he got three open threes in a row last night. He made one of 'em but they gonna roll with that shit like yeah get 'em up. Most definitely. It definitely gonna be interesting to see game three at the new, You know what I'm saying? Facility new arena, they lit in there. Steve Bomber gonna have it going crazy and the clip's got something to be happy about for sure. I think this gonna go seven for sure. Be him. How you feel? Probably six. I see it. I don't see it going seven. You got Clippers and six or Nuggets and six I. That's why I said this is my favorite one. I don't know man. I I just Yoko and Murray is a lot man if I don't know.

(22m 6s):
Yeah Well Kawas playing like this bro But the best part is James Harden. He ain't played if he have a breakout game. Yeah. Y'all know how I feel about Zoo Paul but he's playing good. If The Clippers win, I ain't mad either like I'm cool with whoever won this this series. I'm I'm scared James Harden's not gonna get on track though for some reason. Yeah but it's James Harden it's always a chance he might yeah feel but he never really get on track in the playoffs. True. Like You know what I mean? He kind especially, especially when Kawhi gonna be so dominant with the ball. Yeah James need the ball bro. So I don't know. It might be hard for him to get on track. Yeah hopefully he do though. He was missing. Why open shots? Because I don't see Yoic, I don't see the Nuggets having 20 turnovers again.

(22m 48s):
Whoever take care of the ball gonna win this series 'cause the first game Quiet had like seven turnovers games. Yoic got seven. Whoever take care of the ball probably gonna win The call for show super chess C Bass says when all said and done, y'all think Yoko's gonna be top 10 all time he can Retired today be top 10. Yeah he's definitely one of the top five centers of all time already as is. So I ain't bad at that at all. At all. When you two time MVP? Yeah I just got Shaq being better than him. Mm. He could be three time MVP We shall see but Yeah he gonna be top 10. He's one of those ones from show JJJV and the super chat says what does Kawhi and Clippers have to do to potentially push for the conference finals Win.

(23m 29s):
Boy crazy. If you win four games you get to move on. But yeah if Quad gonna keep playing like this, it's gonna be a real possible They gotta figure out their rotations though. They Gotta get some production off the bench though. Yeah. Derrick Jones Jr. Played good but Bogey and the rest of 'em dudes they just non-existent right now. Yeah come on we got Nick platoon getting minutes in 2025. He gonna hit a shot though. They just, he would hit a open shot. They non-existent right now. They just need some type of production off the bench He built for the playoffs. But I seen Patty Mill get off the bench celebrate. I said that's crazy. We watching him too in 2025. Good dudes. Hey keep getting that bag. Ain't nothing wrong with it For sure.

(24m 6s):
Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on action at DraftKings Sportsbook an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus bets instantly take it to the rack with DraftKings sports book where every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.

(25m 12s):
This is DJ Wells from Club five 20 podcast and this show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to two 50 per session, which adds up pretty fast. But with BetterHelp online therapy, you can save up to an average of 50% per session. Therapy should feel very accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything from anxiety to everyday stress. It's helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries and it empowers you to be the best version of yourself. With over 30,000 therapists, BetterHelp is the world's largest or live therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join the session with just a clickable button, helping you fit therapy into a busy life, plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash club to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp help H eop.com/club.

(26m 8s):
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family When you're trying to go to playoff games, Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.

(26m 35s):
Listen as seia tells us why she chose to vaccinate her daughter. Right after my daughter was born, my husband and I are having to decide whether or not to get her vaccinated. I definitely felt like the pros far outweighed the cons. The diseases that I'm protecting my child against, they're still here. Talk to your child's doctor and learn more@whyvaccines.com brought to you by Merck

(27m 4s):
When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist 'cause You know I have to have an Iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider Hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know Hypnotic is great, but describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The Hypnotic comes out, we're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find Hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know those court side seats which are available. But look, Hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.

(29m 10s):
Alright, let's move on man. Piss took care of the Knicks yesterday. A hundred to 94 man, I'm pissed. I'm telling you bro. Oh it is time for some conversations man. The Knicks offense is too, like Jalen Brunson one-on-one dominant bro. Like at times it's real stagnant and they couldn't get good shots bro. You right bro. But I'm asleep on Kat and I scoring in the fourth ever again bro. He he wasn't playing good bro. Hell yeah. And that's all you. You're human bro. You gonna have a bad game bro. Bro. This is over bro. Bro. Be isolating for Nixon 20 seconds bro. He's cold but that's hard to play. Like even other guys, when they ready to shoot they shots they ain't had the ball.

(29m 50s):
He hold the ball for 20 seconds bro. Man let's just run down the sets like you just brought up interest. Wanna be here, look at the for the Pistons ca when Crazy yesterday dominated 33, 12 and three then the shoulder hooped out with a clutch shot to win the game with 20 and three as well. Brunson had 37 and seven but his shot percentage yesterday, he probably shot the ball 30 times. He got a lot at the free throw line being the five merchant as we seen Kel Bridges had 19 and five, but Captain scored the second half. I think his last shot came with like five 20 in the third quarter and he played a whole fourth quarter without a touch. Yeah, that's That's crazy. Yeah bro, I'm asleep Bro. The Pistons did a good job of mucking up the game and they, they really should be two and oh they was beating they ass the whole game. Game one. Yeah.

(30m 30s):
Yeah. Minus a 21 old run which probably will never see again. Yeah, But Detroit they they believe and they got a group that they know who that guy is. Like K Cunningham know he the guy but the thing I like about K Cunningham, he let everybody play. Yeah Like he, he was killing Dominic But somehow Dennis shooter still had the ball in his hand at times. And Dennis made a big shot. He played Will for them last night. I was hyped for him but Kat and I touching the ball in the second half. Basically this is a recipe for disaster. Yeah, like why we got him if we ain't going use him bro, give the ball a little bit bro, bro. And he got the advantage, You know he going against a young guy in Darren and he give him a chance Now.

(31m 13s):
I agree that's Kat, he need the ball. My biggest problem with him yesterday is I seen him having problems posting up Tobias Harrison by no means is Tobias hair is small by any means. Six to eight. Got some sides to him. He ain't weak at all. Yeah but you all NBA you gotta dominate that matchup. Yeah they ain't though. They they a lot Easy though. He was trying, He was catching the ball in three point line a lot of times though, like trying to hoop from the outside. You get your big ass in that paint and Certain times they weren't even helping. He was getting like three or four dribbles to get to the paint. I'm like all right man, you gotta win that match up. It Ain't time to be the 16 guard. Yeah he he's supposed to, I guess he is supposed to hoop against the Tobias ain't no slouch bro. No, no, no, No Disrespect at all. You ain't Finn to just catch that bitch and spin off and get a leg. He not, he's not sl you gonna have to work bro. Yeah but Kat better and the help is on the way But Kat better do that.

(31m 54s):
They running the wrong ways for sure. They gotta, they gotta do duck ends. You gotta be able to use Kat's size where you can't just throw it to him and cut and let him go. One-on-one gets to quicker than him and then the help is coming and Kat big, he ain't the strongest. I seen James Haren garden before. Yeah true. I seen his recipe when we played James Harden and them in the playoffs. They put a smaller dude on them, use his quickness and they got, they strong. I mean the NBA players. Yeah Most definitely. But they gotta use ducking where he can get closer to the basket and he can throw and can use his size to shoot over quick jump hooks. But they never ran no plays like that 'cause every play was here come Brunson. I so he was fucking killing but he killing but damn You gonna win like that.

(32m 36s):
Kat is not Hakeem Ewan bro. He can't just, just catch and don't matter who coming. Kat ain't like that bro. Like he need like he said bro. Quick hitters bro. Yeah give him some quick hitters like facts. I don't know but Bruns had ice on the whole game. They they gonna lose bro. Yeah he looked like Allen Iverson yesterday bro. They gonna lose Bro. And dude. Dude on his ass the twin. Yeah he on his as. He really was like he was really locking him up. They was calling some books, calling him some crazy calls. The referee that was a terrible officiated game yesterday. Yeah. Nasty. They was calling some bad calls. I love the twin. I love both the twins and they ain't dunking no smoke bro. Nah bro. He talking bad to him too out There competing But getting cooked but talking bad so Come on tears man Cat ain't Theo Ratliff my boy.

(33m 20s):
Get my boy going. All I wanna say is shout out to everybody who's just now watching the Detroit Pistons and realizing how good K Cunningham is. He had a superstar performance yesterday but this is what he's been doing all year. Nah, you killer bro. I was on the People don't watch small market teams bro. I Was on the Detroit train early. That's A fact. You was on the K Cunningham train early. He said he was all NBA early. I said that Detroit Pistons was a good team. That's A fact Early. I remember B was like nigga these niggas is Bro bn still way And that changed. Y'all gotta speak for me King. If they they beat these Knicks though boy. Yeah they beat the Knicks bro. Old bar Brandon Jen is a thousand.

(33m 60s):
Woo. We better, better, better band. Crazy up too old bro. Now You know gonna be the head coach of the Knicks. Mike Malone. Mike Malone. Ooh You see the play because you look what they gave up for this team. You give up five first round pistols from Mikhail Bridges and man Bring in Kat. We spent too much money bro to lose to the Pistons bro in the first round. Mike Malone. Man I wanna ask y'all this question. When I watched that game yesterday around some people that ain't too sappy with basketball. That is like so's k ke here the best player in the series. Fuck no. Yeah, no bro. He is bro. Yeah That's Who better than him. Let's talk about it Brunson we do the same thing and I'm six six If you put ka kat gotta step it up bro.

(34m 41s):
Ka Kat's the best player in this shit. I'm not gonna say that bro. He just didn't have no points bro. That's one time Disrespect Bro. No disrespect K Bro. It's playoff bro. It's hard to be the best player in the series when you a big man like it is. The playoffs is built off of guards guard bro. I have the ball bro. You have to eat if I give you the ball I have. You see He can't get the ball cu like I don't respect y'all niggas. Who I get it bro. But saying K Cunningham is better than Kat is crazy bro. He is in in this series right now. He's better than Kat bro. Not overall as a player he better than him. But that's what I'm saying. But in this series he gonna be the best player in this series in this, the way his team is built is built around him.

(35m 21s):
Yeah, he's gonna look better than Kat in this series bro. He Kat better Kix. The k nick was made for Jaylen Brunson. It wasn't made for Kat. Kat joined Jaylen Brunson. You see when the shit got going Jaylen Bronson, You know who got the appeal? Mm. Very interesting conversation. I know Pat over there. I know Kat over there pissed Bro. I'll stand down But there ain't nothing you can say 'cause he was killing Nah. Yeah but like and they was loose. They was getting, they as beat bro. Gimme the ball bro. A couple touch. I'm ka bro. Gimme the ball. Yeah bro you Shot ball 27 times last night. Ka, That was Joe's beat. He would've win the locker room and smack the shit out you bro. Yeah bro. Like Ka need to do some shit like that bro. He need to get some understanding around there bro. He need To crash out even though that's not his personality, he needs to say Something. It needs to become your personality bro so you can hit the ball.

(36m 3s):
Yeah, They would never do that Kevin. I think ts gonna make some adjustments though. I believe in T. Yeah And I know ts my guy but I I think he gone I I'm nothing on them losing to Detroit. I pay what I weigh though. So if they lose like I get it but damn I I I never saw this coming Bro. Look at the shot selection of this team last night you mousey Rod got three shots. Mitch Robinson got two. Jalen bus got 27 Mikhail Bridges got 18, Kat got 11, OG had 10. It's crazy Bro because at the end of the game bro, when you need somebody to make a shot they not going to hit it bro 'cause they ain't touched the ball. Really? You gotta use everybody throughout the game bro. Man Nothing on having the same points bro. It is Moses Moody bro. Shout out to Moses bro.

(36m 43s):
He he your whole family bro. But it's quiet bro. Moses got a crazy shirt. Where did the fuck you see Moses Moody name? He In the west because got where the fuck is Moses Moody name? What's that down there? Miles McBride mc I damn. I was Like where is Mo? Fuck you Moses. I'm just, yeah that's crazy. Miles McBride. I don't know why I said Moses Moody. Oh that's hilarious. I'm like damn what fuck is Moses Moody here scroll up to the, he got nothing to do again please. Nah that's what I'm supposed to do is check me my fault mouse mc. That is hilarious. But shout to K Cunningham. You know why he a hell of a player 'cause he was passing in the ball in the second half and they wasn't doing shit with it.

(37m 27s):
At one point. I watched him hard way Miss three threes in a row. 0 4 8 is not gonna cut it. But they Denver kinda sold K that and shout out to Paul Re he had a big fourth quarter yesterday. Thanks Big fourth quarter. Beasley did not really show up yesterday. He went two for nine. He had a couple open shots in the clutch that could have got it for him. But like you said, man shout out to Dennis Schroer. He had one of the craziest NBA seasons of all time. Yeah, he started off killing in Brooklyn. He went to the wi, I mean not the, excuse me, the Warriors and they was ass. Then he got to the Pistons and now he contributed to playoffs. Man, big shot from him yesterday. Yeah, big shot bro. He played really good shout out and he competing defensively. I mean we know he gonna do that but he made some big shots. Yeah, he two big three. He had one that bounced all over the Ram Pauls and then the next, the next one was just clutch.

(38m 11s):
I was surprised he had the ball at that time but K gave it up. Yeah. Yeah. I wanted to ask you this. We talked about the payment situation for him. You think it's restored now with Dennis. You know we was kind of iffy. He's playing hard in Brooklyn and You know the Warriors kind of messed up his status. You think now he's possibly back into that starting role? He gonna get a nice payday in the Offense? No, I think he gonna go back to Detroit and play this role for the rest of his career. This six man, seven man whatever backup PG row that he playing with them. I think Detroit going realize that that's an important piece for them. Mm. Obviously going down the street you see what he did for y'all. So I think he'll be back in Detroit. Most definitely. And not to You know, foreshadow too much the situation. K is a superstar for sure. I think it solidified himself so far.

(38m 52s):
Who's gonna be his running mate? He is got a decent role play but who? Who y'all think should be a good running mate or who they should go get to pair with him to for the Future? Nah, I don't think they need to pair anybody. I think Duran or whatever his name. Darren whatever. You know what I'm, I think he's a him and K got a great connection. Okay. With the lives and stuff so I think he gonna be a button a star coming up. He young would he probably 21. Yeah. Yeah. He got a lot of potential to be a really a star. It's like a one-two punch. Not saying Shaq and Kobe but You know that kind of vibe. A big man and a guard. I think they got a chance to build around them and just keep getting solid role veteran players. Yeah. Yeah. Don't start adding superstar and let the twin develop 'cause that's your star.

(39m 34s):
I Like that The twin gonna turn into something. He might not be Jason Tatum but he sure can be Jalen Brown. Yeah I like that because right now you don't wanna take away from Cade bro. He really coming into his own. Just let him do his thing bro. Sure. And you got, You know Jayden and I be coming back off injury next year so you have some more firepower off the bench. Yeah, I do like that idea of Dennis standing there being at that six minute back at point guard. That's a perfect fit. What Type of people you need bro? Yeah. Yeah that's like the Dylan Brooks, Dennis tro. You need them mess up the game energy. You need them type of people. Alright, Before I go to Super chat Jeff you say this all the time. It's not serious. So then You know what I'm saying? You you still won. Yep. Now it's a series bro. Both. Both of them. Denver. Yep.

(40m 15s):
And the Clippers. And now you got Detroit and the Knicks. Do you feel like the Knicks should be a little bit of concern? Oh they pressure them bro. Pressure. It is about to be so fucking live in Detroit. Yeah but that's the best place. I know the Knicks gonna win one on the road though 'cause it's a lot of pressure like being in this situation before when you still win on the road and then you gotta go home, you expect to win like they expect you to win it. It's a lot of pressure. Yeah you watch a lot of people have super bad games when they get home because they did it, You know they played on the road, you feel good, you going home, you're like shit it's us now. Yeah it is over with.

(40m 55s):
Mm. It be a lot of pressure boy. Very interesting. That situation as well. And the fans make it worse when you play at home. Really? Yeah because like You know they be hype as hell for you but if a team going a little run they start doing all that. Oh like getting uneasy. You seen the Knicks fans, they was uneasy in a motherfucker then You know they going to run. Fans go crazy but once you start missing shots, every shot feel a little like oh I always like road games bro. Yeah like it's just us. We ain't gotta worry about nothing else bro. Your fans will be like don't miss three or four in a row. You like road games better than whole games. Yes. I love road games bro. Through your whole career hooping.

(41m 35s):
Yeah because it's just the team you ain't gotta worry about all the like he said the fans all that outside noise. 'cause shit going to happen in the game bro. Fans is emotional when you on the road you don't gotta deal with that shit. Just us nobody. Nobody give a fuck. Like if you miss a shot like some of these road guys miss a couple shots in the game. Yeah the fans gonna start saying shit like what is he doing Matter, take him out, come on get him out. Not gonna hear that on the road bro. No this us fuck come fuck we got it. Listen. You know what I'm saying? It's just the guys You know how it is. I guarantee them Knicks fans start saying shit. What the fuck are you doing Kat? They probably said it for sure bro. They were saying it a hundred percent. Most definitely. Hey missing builder statue for K already. He got the first playoff win for Detroit Pistons since 2008. They have not won a playoff game in over 15 years so shout out to him for that.

(42m 18s):
No shout out to Kade for sure. For sure. Super chat Jay Smooth says I think the Detroit Pistons should trade for Bradley Bill or Zion next year. That's How you spell Bill. Okay Bill. Nah Brad Bill. Fuck it don't matter. K Cunningham needs help. Shout out to the K and the Cunningham for sure. No they do not know he get Brad Bill. No bro. Shit I'm trading during for Zion. I'm not bro. I can rely on during. Yeah bro. He plays every game pretty much. Zion and Isaiah Stewart at your four and five is crazy but if you can make it make sense, I'm not mad at Zion and K pick Row. I'm cool bro. Nah bro. It gonna be too short bro.

(42m 58s):
Bro Too short bro. Ja is six six bro. Oh I'm a killer too. I'm a killer bro. You are a killer. Definitely. He's A killer and I, I'm more serviceable than your bigs bro. You only gonna Healthy when I play 25 games bro. I need somebody on. I'm Still young bro. My career is on the up and up bro. Your body old as hell. Ah Bro. We going through a line bro. Y'all made me lose 90 pounds bro. So shock factor bro. Let me get through it. I in Detroit like we cracking. Right. That wound, You know that shit going on. Stay where you at Hoops inch Ask is it Tia's fault that Kat OG and Mikhail can't be consistent on the Knicks team or is it on the players?

(43m 38s):
Nick said also tell me a Teague story. Tell me a story. Teague. Yes. I'll Let you answer that nigga man. Anyway for the five, tell me a story for The five you outta pocket Put 1 0 5 I got, I got a perfect story for you. Yeah 1 0 5. Give what you get though. Throw fit master sense back. What's back once to apologize for calling. You guys just met last week. You guys do a great job and don't matter if I agree with an opinion, it's still sports. No need to speak like that. I pray you guys next to get that a hundred million. Right on Master Sin. Oh man. Wait, do recant the statement man. Your ass on Respect Man Needs apologize like that bad bro.

(44m 22s):
My mama bro. I swear to nevermind. This ain't club five 20. Respect I I fuck with it. Respect bro. I don't respect Man. I hope we get the a hundred million Too bro. Yeah I do do too but damn bro you crashed out on us then did crash. You praying for us come On, shout out to him man. Shout to me man. He should just passed. Maybe he had a little change of heart. Who Knows bro. People have bad days bro. Damn. Don't have it against us bro. We don't even know you bro. Yeah, Because we'll make that worse. Alright man. Tonight Lakers t Wolves be he. What's going on with it man? Can I Lakers top the series? Lakers Gone man. They got two. There's gonna be one. One. It took me a while to get that out.

(45m 3s):
But yeah man, Lakers gotta a Lakers gotta get this one bro. They tied it up tonight Mo. I don't know Anthony Edwards having too much fun bro. My life, he's screaming at the crowd all kind of crazy shit bro. He said he got two F and my thrust is bigger than yours. Yeah bro. He, he having a lot of fun bro. I don't know. I'm a little scared for the Lakers. The Lakers gonna win. No refs going to take the game. He Just says anything man. It it's good for tv. They need more games so the Lakers gonna win this one. Okay. You gonna start seeing some crazy calls? Mm. You'll See there's gonna be some cooking in this. A Bro. Yeah, shout. He gonna have a couple. He's special. What's the Jay McCain's gonna have foul trouble tonight.

(45m 43s):
Damn. Remember I said it? If he got three fouls before the first half is out, what we gonna know something. Yeah, He gonna have foul triple tonight. Man. When we talk about that game, one man Nas Reed really went crazy for sure. Jay Madams went crazy in the second half. They hit a lot of threes bro. Record setting actually Like a lot. I don't know if they gonna keep doing that. Hell nah. Yeah, That's over with lots. Okay, so do the Lakers need to make any adjustments to win this game or just You know? No they just Was hot bro. Okay. I think the Lakers gonna win. They was hot as hell bro. They that's the best you could play. Mm. That was a good D for them though. It was. That was a good d They made it, they made the seriously six games now. Yeah, Now you talked about this probably five but them hunt Luca, he still had 38 but man they was, You know what I'm saying Was looking for offense is not ever gonna be the problem.

(46m 31s):
We know you getting 38. Okay. You have to guard somebody brother just a little bit. You ain't gotta lock nobody up. Oh just guard a little bit. You Need a little effort. Yeah so we can Help you and shit like straight line drives and just getting killed. Come on bro. Yeah, Like his defense is so funny bro. Like James Hart defense is funny. Yeah they just basic but Luca shit is funnier. Luca give an arm Like get Oh god outlet before they shoot. Hey Man Like James Hart, he just at least swipe at the ball. Yeah, Nah, that little reach At all either. But Luca Is crazy now. It was funny 'cause most my time we had a reel about who played better defense between the two man.

(47m 13s):
Now it's even crazier because James in year 15 and Luca still played worst defense of him. That's great. Yeah. I'm taking James the defense. Jay Har steals the ball. Yeah Bro. He hit that pass lane hard Steals the ball. He'll switch on the post comfortably. Yeah, For sure. Yeah. Alright. Alright. LeBron had 19 in game one. He got what he gotta do not to get a dub More than that. Okay. Because you look at these stats, they only had two other people double figures besides him. Officer Reeds had 16. It's gonna be some home cooking man. RS might beat them by 30 tonight. Damn. Okay. They need to, we need to send a message bro because they feeling good. He ain't up feeling good bro. I think they need more outta Austin Reeves than LeBron. Yeah, I mean Austin Reeves gotta show up. He had 16 though.

(47m 54s):
Not too bad. He third option bro. LeBron get you 25 and we will win bro. Come on. Okay. See the recipe people for sure. Alright, we will stay tuned. It should be a good game for sure.

(48m 4s):
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.

(48m 31s):
Here's why April chose to vaccinate her child. I think actually meeting someone who was not vaccinated and now has a lifelong struggle with a childhood disease really cemented for me that it's super important that we as parents continue to vaccinate our children. Talk to your pediatrician or visit y vaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck

(48m 59s):
When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause You know I have to have an Iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an Iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. For me, I consider Hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know Hypnotic is great but what, what describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The Hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find Hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know those court side seats, which are available. But look, Hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely

(51m 7s):
Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is Today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy we celebrate It because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch the Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.

(51m 36s):
Who y'all got tonight obviously Lakers. Yep. Okay. You got these Lakers going to get it. Alright, we shall see another game tonight. You know what time it is? We in Gaines Rich with it tonight. NBA tv. Hey they disrespectful for putting us on NBA tv. Yeah. Not the fucking Memphis Grizzlies. After them getting beat by fucking 50, y'all decided that the world needs to see more of that. That's crazy. I do not wanna see Memphis on tv. No, they Made it crazy. Paid to be on that re Halliburton too. Yes he did. Yeah. Out of pocket bro. Yeah, Man. Played for the What? The who The most, the NBA players voted who the most overrated NBA player is and he won by land slot. And that's from Central. That ain't from my guys in Tel.

(52m 18s):
So that's Obviously after this play we gonna have a different Conversation bro. Real. That's real. That's real. We're Gonna have a different conversation after this playoff run bro. We, we gonna put some numbers next to each other. Do you agree The most overrated? Nah, I, I'm taking Rudy Goldberg. I I actually like Tyree we got like bench or every time we see each other but I the most overrated basketball player is quiet. He's a good player bro. Yeah he's player. I'm gonna take, I'll take Rudy Gold Barry, he Max deal. I'm taking Rudy. Ty is damn Willard Coming back 'cause he wants to kill him. I oh load up the clip He was talking that's Why this game should be on prom time tv. You torch him Bro. We built a rivalry. Well I guess it ain't rivalry 'cause we beat the ass but You know we built it back and forth.

(53m 1s):
Yes. That's crazy. Should be, I mean I'm just speaking facts. That's DJ talk your shit. Yeah that's crazy when you ain't won a championship. It is crazy. Oh. Oh nigga that even got Chip. He don't care. He told me he was gonna beat his ass and I Beat your ass. He did say that. Hey shout to my nigga Peach skills. He said who you talking to nigga? He says You know that I like that. Well this is not, that's not basketball. I ain't got nothing to do with that. But What do you mean If Dane plays tonight, hold on. If he don't play tomorrow I ain't got nothing to do with that. That's the grown man hands. I ain't, I ain't the third party of that. I'm about say Dane's a way better basketball player than him bro. I I'm not top 75. I'm not disagreeing with you in that situation. All I'm saying is the Game too tonight.

(53m 42s):
What do Tyrese be saying popping Shit he do popping shit. He popping two with boys bro. Yeah Bro, I, I whooped shit last year bro. I went to the conference finals bro. I wanna gold medal bro. I I'm cold. I had a bad start to my season but I'm cold bro. Realistically When I I 20 he gonna respect him bro. He was arguing with dude on Brooklyn. Yeah like he sn Wofford. Yeah Like they don't respect Tyrese or something bro. Hey That's cool. Don't respect we're going back to conference swallow baby tap in. It is 'cause he light-skinned. It is hard being mixed and tough side bro. It was so much Jason kid could do. Y'all just go play your game Kings.

(54m 22s):
Yeah There's so much niggas can do bro. True for sure. Now niggas don't believe it. No, No they don't bro. Like They don't believe it. No bro you not like that bro. And to be fair, if first thing about who could feel like that dam is loud super bro I'm top 75. You thinking Everybody, you don't believe it. Like think he be talking shit 'cause JJ over there bro like yeah I ain't gonna do shit bro. He was talking shit before I can give Tyree. That was, he Was talking I don't like the Frontrunner allegations bro. Because even last, last year the playoffs before game seven started, he was talking shit in the, he went dropped some nigga Was talking. They talking about fighting. Well I'm not getting that. That's that's he was because Tyrese ain't talking about beating his ass off. The reason JJ on the team 'cause Milwaukee was hoeing him.

(55m 3s):
He was hoing him. Yeah. And now it stopped. He trying Hoing again but I'm saying Tyrese Tyrese talks shit like I'm gonna do what you do. I'm going talk shit in a basketball terms Uhuh. He ain't saying nigga beat your ass soon. He saying I'm gonna beat Dope Dame, Dame low kid crash out you my nigga Dame but you crash out Dame be crashing out. Oakland came out this Situation. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I hope he plays so they can really go at it For But I don't want DII do want Dame to play but Tyrese is gonna play better. Dame ain't Hooped. I don't know bro. He Ain't play basketball and Tyree. This is why Ka Hawaii's so good bro. 'cause he can do that and come out and get 40 bro. But this is another thing. Dame ain't got the same freedom. Yeah that Tyree got.

(55m 44s):
Tyrese ain't playing with nobody really raw like that. I mean Giannis don't A fuck about out. Cool bro. I'll tell you Yiannis ho tight bro Talk shit. But he can't though because like I don't give a, ain't Talking shit. I need to get 50. Y'all niggas do that. If, If it was me I would let him. If this was Tyrese going against Damon Portland. Oh he'd be in trouble. Oh he'd fucking, he'd be fucked up. He'd be in trouble because he battled real superstars like facts Russ and all them Paul George his Steph. Yeah he done win at. That's still the hardest ending of a dynasty. Well that wasn't a dynasty but the hardest ending of a team I ever seen. When he did He from A franchise bro he didn't battle with the best of the best. So that's why he really talking like you ain't none of them. I know that's what he thinking. Yeah y'all the bro you are Sad bro. Please tell you are sad bro.

(56m 25s):
And I matter of fact now I wanna whoop you here. That's escalated. He like well you not on that bro. I've been against top 75 I and I didn't send people home. You not but Tyre, I don't know man. But guess what They said on this your last year we whooped that ass regular season, end season tournament facts when he was on the court for that 26 and 15. So Dame is gonna come back probably not in the best shape he could be and we gonna hunt him Facts he gonna hoop 'cause he Damien Lillard but we gonna hunt him in 'em. Pick rolls facts and if Kaira k out there doing what he did. Listen, I told y'all when Christian sen go I wipe my forehead. That's the real killer. Okay. I wish Dame was in Portland against him bro. That's why Tyree told Dame one of my favorite point guards of all time.

(57m 6s):
He one of the coolest. He like you can't crash out out here for real. You can't really kill me. You can't Ain't get his ball. Really like Bro you are not shit bro. Like I wish but I wish that's why I wish him and Giannis had that relationship. I feel like if Giannis was American he would understand If I was Giannis I would be like kill Him bro. Yeah. So I could talk shit. For real bro. I got, I got your back bro. And I would, I would, well if I was coaching him I would let Dame hunt him. I would put because I know Tyree ain't gardening at all. Tyree about to be running. Nah Tyree's about to be running on. That's what I'm saying. We gonna find you. We gonna guard him. Oh yeah. Sit this pick right here. He gonna get this work. Yeah But You know what He gonna be on tour and Prince come on Prince come set this screen.

(57m 48s):
We are fine to you brother. Yeah But that's what they was doing. They was trapping with too. And the crazy part, I, You know how I feel about Rick up and down situation but Doc also when he got up prescribers he said yeah man it's kind of hard to get a rhythm when you don't have the ball Fam you could draw up a play for Kyle Uzman right now. Right. Today Kyle Ousman just ain't, that ain't Kyle t have a rebound bro. They not. What about that shit? I told y'all that wasn't gonna work. I give Kyle Uzman some bail bro. I'm not. I am bro. I'm human bro. Y'all don't be giving niggas the benefit of the doubt bro. He get a rebound sis. Nothing Kyle Coolman don't fit cardio Cos bro. Last year, last year he made the tweet he said nobody wants to be in Detroit Pistons. His they was just like funny out the table turn He the new Tony Sna bro.

(58m 32s):
The real sna. He The real Tony Snell Bro. Alright. Who y'all got tonight man? What y'all Think you think the bus need to do If they wanna get tonight? We know Giannis is gonna kill. What Adjustment Make if game don't play? Man I'm going with and I never say this man. I'm rolling with the Pacers bro. Okay. Dam is playing tonight. You rolling? Yeah I'm going with the Bucks. I don't think they gonna go down too old bro. Okay, I I'm gonna go with the Pacers bro. Ty Tyree really my dog man. I want the bucks to win but the way that Bucks play bro, I just don't, it's just hard for me to see it go down to game. Not there bro. They don't have nobody. Yeah. Yeah That's tough. That's tough 'cause I just like y'all said bro, I just don't see Yna saying bro go get this nigga, fuck it, I'm gonna send this one out tonight.

(59m 17s):
No, Yana didn't care. He was going through triple team and he Ain't, he don't need you to sit it out. He just Nah I'm just saying like nah you let me go kill still let still Gonna get 25 niggas Just lemme kill this thing for Yeah lemme kill bro. Damn. Yeah I don't like that. I I I got the Pacers. Yeah if the Pacers win this game it's over. Yeah. Dame rest up. You got a very important off season coming up. Pacers is six regardless. Tamron Johnson and Junior the super chat said Tim Blacker says real final contenders have a legit closer and bucket getter where everything else isn't working. Who was that on y'all Hawk's team T 20 14 20 15. We Ain't have one. That's why we lost nigga. Like when you say a bucket getter you have like somebody who averages 25 points.

(1h 0m 0s):
We had a bunch of dudes that's averaged 16, 17 points. I mean you have people that can score but if you being honest with yourself like that wasn't our roles, our team wasn't designed to beat that. I think everybody on our team could score. Like somebody told me Jeff, go get 20 points. We don't care how you get it, just go get it. I can get you 20 points, I can get you 25. But that ain't wasn't how our team was designed. We would've been terrible. That makes a Lot of sense. Like our team was designed for everybody to get 18 points but that was our problem too. Damn. Like if everybody didn't get 18 points we wasn't winning. Yeah so let somebody have a six point game. It was over with.

(1h 0m 40s):
Like you said when y'all got in the postseason, y'all had a couple injuries, it didn't go your way. Yeah threw everything Kyle get hurt. Ow Or whoever it was, we was banking on them 16. So when them 16 wasn't there it was over with. Most definitely. Good question. Alright man. Thunder Grizzlies tonight. Hey man I don't Thunder three, I don't don't watch Thunder and three Thunder Dang Niggas Is deflating. Thundering three What I What we watched this weekend was a joke. That's Ridiculous bro. Yeah Jar Jackson bro. Hey I'm gonna let y'all do y'all thing two, I don't want no smoke. I don't wanna watch bro.

(1h 1m 21s):
I don't want no smoke. I think the job threes are amazing shots to job. That's a crazy shoe. But for him to have to debut that shoot and that's built to ass situation's. Crazy It Bro We just took a hit bro. Them jobs are a fighter. No they're elite. They are fired. Took a hit for that though. God damn. I'm nothing on the Grizzlies bro. They Told y'all bro. Treys, I ain't for Jared Facts. Fuck it. Yeah pull The, I told y'all pull the Trigger bro. Pull the trigger bro. I ain't, I am not fan. Give me back my a u teammate. Yeah At least, at least we'll have some type of fight bro. Yeah Jaron will be cool in New Orleans bro. We were Lost by 18 instead of 50 Bro. Jaron and Trey Murphy ain't cool bro. Let them figure that out down there bro. To get 50 ball to fj got it's funny.

(1h 2m 1s):
Yeah you gotta go south For Real South. Yeah, I'm nothing. I'm cool bro. Gotta go New Orleans brother To get 50 ball and Shay only have 16 bro. What we Doing man? I'm not, I'm not a fan bro. It's because they lost, they lost their coach bro. Yeah, I'm looking at the the whoever the coach is right now bro. He look lost bro. He like what the fuck He looked like me bro. My first year when I was coaching Pike bro we was playing God damn that boy Was stretch Fishers. I what is this? What the fuck what I'm supposed to say? What supposed say Who we get beat by? We play corn wall. Oh yeah we did 16. Two niggas sitting down. Dude keep playing hard. Keep fighting. He look like he didn't even say that no more. We just watched the game.

(1h 2m 42s):
Nigga just sat down You know You said he just trying to get outta here bro. New quarters long What? He didn't know what to do. He ain't know who to sub. He Put in a JV quarter is long Bro. He looking at people that ain't playing all you. You Ready? Like hell No come no bro. I ain't gonna Hold you. They shoulda had a run the clock and I know it's the playoffs but they deserve to run the clock because they was getting the sleeves beat off them in the first quarter. Totally. Noah offense, they Sky Juniors a good guy, A good, good player but he was uping him in like he was about to say today. I like He should, Scotty should have got nothing before let it go. I'm like fuck I would've let it go. Well I'm like Scotty Fisher bro up. I'm saying Scott Cooper's good bro.

(1h 3m 22s):
He deserves it bro. Bigger contract or whatever. But it's just like he ain't saving y'all though. Wow. This ain't the guy Bro. Thunder too much y'all. He is too much bro. We is way better than y'all. Yeah Wow. But At but at one point, like you said you do leader your coach but about a couple weeks ago they was number two in the west. Yeah bro. When you let your coach Team bro they are N NBA team Y 50 people is crazy but that y'all always talk about how match matter bro. I Agree. It's the coaching bro. It's the coaching but Jar Jackson bro bro. No, Taylor Jenkins had believing it. He, his rotations was totally different. They don't even play Luke Nar That which is crazy Like bro. Yeah that's all. Is he hurt?

(1h 4m 3s):
'cause what did he do? Oh he needs to play. Yeah Jay Huffer is getting a lot of minutes early in the season as well. I know maybe the player project got a little bit tighter. Luke Nar used to be starting. Yeah. Nah bro, I'm just, he be playing for sure. Sure He needs to be starting bro. Don't get in but it's just like yo coach know the the pulse of your team. Yeah and they basically took the coach away and added whoever they wanted. That's what they getting these results they Karma man know bro. Can We go what? How many rebounds Jerry Jackson have Three No defensive rebounds in how many minutes? Please scroll over for Me please. Probably 40 Jar. That's crazy. That's crazy. Big dog.

(1h 4m 43s):
Two for 13, three rebounds. It's not gonna get it done bro. Not you hasn't. Listen y'all, this is, this is just my, my beef with y'all sometimes. He hasn't rebounded all year y'all. Why do y'all want him to get in the playoffs? Average 10 y Haven't calling me a hater all year. Jar you a great basketball player. You are. You have not averaged no fucking rebound all year and you are an all star cinder bro. He gotta get sick but he's not okay In it's the playoffs bro. Bro. Jeff does the same position. Nah he can't get three though. He can't All Three. You have no defensive rebound Bro. You're not trying bro. He play with Zach. Edie bro.

(1h 5m 23s):
You not trying bro Bro. He say play with z Edie. That's We're not trying nigga you didn't get one defensive rebound bro. Shout to everybody that apologized to me on Twitter. Two 'cause y'all been giving me hell about Jerry Jackson come. He not trying them Memphis fans are pissed. There's no way he tried. Charles and Triple J Man get Wilson to the Grizz man. Nah, keep moving bro. You've been doing this, you was an all star got rebound so for them to be mad at you now I'm on your side cheer. Jesus. Leave me the fucking alone Bro. Hey that is fair. I've been consistent Like get outta here man. He Still out pocket for he is being consistent. Respect for sure man. Let's wrap up some more games for the weekend that we missed 'cause we wasn't in the office yesterday. Substance took care of the magic 1 0 3 to 86 the cast beat the sleeves off the heat.

(1h 6m 5s):
1 21 to a hundred and the Warriors Rocks game was crazy man. 95, 85 Ell and Jimmy. That's a tough out 95. 85. I thought they was gonna score more points than that. Yeah I didn't expect it to be a low scoring. Serious. Yeah, Fred Van Fleet and Jalen Green shot. I think like a combined like seven for 30. It was horrible. But that Warriors defense was real that obviously the Rockets would hit more, make more shots. But they play great defense. Great great defense. They was trying to go ask Steph but Steph was locking up. Yeah, Steph wasn't going at all because Steph is going at least fight. He ain't the greatest defender but he's gonna fight. Like you ain't just about to look at him bro.

(1h 6m 45s):
And if you look at his numbers, he really not a bad defender. Yeah nah he but he gives effort bro. He be trying to fight. Yeah but that whole Jimmy Butler, Draymond Green, You know what I'm saying? Mucking up the paint. That's a, that's A lot. Two of the best at it for sure. That's a lot. Alright. Verified buckets. B hint. Who been getting to it man, Y'all just said his name. I'm gonna give it to Steph. Okay. Game one. Yeah. 31 piece. Yeah went crazy. Had one of the crazy shots I seen too on that right half. That was just so disrespectful. Who y'all got tonight in that the game though? Don't the Warrior and Rockets play tonight? I do not believe they play tonight. Who Play Pacers? Who The fuck? Memphis. Okay Season's the later gamers and then you Got Lakers. Lakers? Yeah Lakers Just they put us on NB TV which is crazy.

(1h 7m 25s):
Oh yeah the Lakers disrespectful as hell out of Pocket Download NBA TV today. That's crazy. I shit on my That is crazy. That's funny as hell Bro. I was mad because I, yesterday I was watching can we do it on Playback 'cause I don't even got NBA TV in my, You can't watch no playback too. That's an option for sure. That was crazy. Alright t who you Got verified buckets? I'm give it to Jaron Jackson for three rebounds, three offensive boards. He was verified and I'm gonna go with Kawa bro. He was crazy last night with 39 points. Unbelievable for Sure. Mo. Who you got going With Kade Man. Yeah getting to it 33 and 12.

(1h 8m 6s):
My boy went crazy for show. I'm gonna show a little Jalen bruss man. Even though, You know what I'm saying? That foul merchant stuff's getting played out. We get tired of watching it. He had 37. You gotta respect her. He's one of the ones and even though he took a LP five went crazy in game one. He had 36 and 11 for sure. Alright man it's a long list of get well soon man. Be here. Who needs some encouragement? Yeah we going to give with to freaky cow man That that 0, 0, 0, 0 0. It is a hella hell of a stat line in 22 minutes. You literally did not do nothing. You didn't Do shit Bro. Nigga didn't foul. I I wanna watch those 22 minutes on a iso cam. Okay. He, This bro spread back and forth. Jeff. I'm gonna tell you right now if we look at these stats, he had zero fouls.

(1h 8m 47s):
That's crazy. Nah, I Was lying. I know he, I Gonna say bro, if he didn't have no fouls in that game, that's crazy. Yeah foul. Okay. He just missed free throws too Man. That is crazy. You Ass get well soon man. Moku, you got Fucking Grizzlies bro. Getting smacked by 51 bro. It's ridiculous. That is a lot of points of lose bro. I ain't gonna lie. That's crazy bro. In the playoffs bro. Come on man. That's the word T. Who you got? I'm gonna go with James Hard and putting the moves on Christian Brown. Get lonely on that island bow. Mm.

(1h 9m 27s):
Twice, Two times you key in the quarter with it. That's disrespectful Bow. That's arms man. If he playing like that and like killing it's over. Hmm. Just give us two games bro. Jeez all You gotta do is kill two games. Yeah, that's true. When you think about like that two games, it's enough For sure man. You know what, just go ahead and load up the clips man. We got a lot to get to man. Get what's on Kel Bridges man. K with a Ya. Hey Andy. Point and Meow. That was crazy. Mm. Hey He's cold.

(1h 10m 12s):
Yeah all NBA loading for sure. You think he gonna make second team or third? Second. Okay. Nah he gonna make third. He too young. He gonna make third. Yeah. Okay. This is crazy as well. Please bro. This Yeah Did Jamal Murray and MP Z get well some of my boy 'cause Jamal outta pocket. Why he pick him up like that? Don't pick me up bro. I'm grown bro. Jamal Murray out there and somebody granddaddy long sleeve because that did not come from the NBA picking the normal pal like he was a little boy is crazy. He the only One that ain't getting nothing out of this. Everybody else got texts and shit. He should, he should have spun NP around man.

(1h 10m 52s):
I thought he Was about to rock bottom me way and picked him up. He got a normal foul. Chris Dun be on that. Nah Chris Dun. Chris Real Told I will beat you up bro. For real. Why did he pick him up like that? Hey you see Christian Brom after he said that his arms went straight down. He ended there for show it last turn. Not least Man. Draymond get well soon man. I know it happened over the weekend. We still gonna bring it up. Hey duck the shit out Draymond. So you start the game off. Ow.

(1h 11m 36s):
I'm rolling. Your The ball To get ball Bullet. Nah fellas, we replay got your as jam done. For sure it well suited D Drake Listen man, we appreciate y'all gonna be some great basketball tonight. We'll be back to talk about it in the Morning. It's five 20 in the Morning. I got a shout Out somebody real quick. I my, my apologies. Shout to my dog. What's her name? Lemme look her up man. Shout to Christian Man. Oh that's her name? No, no Carolina.

(1h 12m 17s):
Shout To Caroline. Caroline. TT whatever You know classic last name. But shout out to her and her family man they named they kid after me. They said we was on a bang bus or whatever it was. Shout out to my boy Drew. They Outta pocket. They said with T got on their bus. We thought she was getting wicked. Nah, the real Patreon. But shout Out to Sean man. I appreciate y'all man. It was cool meeting your shout out to Christian. Her husband. He was said he was a fan back in the day so I appreciate y'all man. That was a cool moment for me. Thank y'all. Shout out to y'all young one. You got a cool name. You gonna be probably a hooper so that was dope For sure man. RB Philly asked earlier. Show y'all bugging for pulling up to that bang bus. That was Chime. Shout out to Chime Was Bus.

(1h 12m 58s):
We had a Great job. Yeah, in Vegas. It was the chime hoop bus actually. So the hoop bus. Shout out to the hoop bus man. Shout out to Booker T for walking past us. Like he never seen us in his life. Cool. Nah, nah. Talk about it Luke. Talk about it before we get outta here. We He's like the regular nigga. We seen Booker t an hour after the episode. He walked back. He with a, he never seen nobody in his life. Yeah bro. He ducked his head bro. That was funny as hell. Oh man, I was crying. Luckily we seen him on the way back in and het remember who he was before it got wicked for a second. That Was funny. Niggas got treated like fans, so Nigga Chuck the Deuce. All right, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back tomorrow. Y'all be smooth.

(1h 13m 39s):
The Volume.

(1h 13m 43s):
This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists you can connect with via video, phone or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hess hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. hlp.com.

(1h 14m 40s):
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.

(1h 15m 6s):
Listen, as Senia tells us why she chose to vaccinate her daughter. Right after my daughter was born, my husband and I are having to decide whether or not to get her vaccinated. I definitely felt like the pros far outweighed the cons. The diseases that I'm protecting my child against. They're still here. Talk to your child's doctor and learn more@whyvaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck

(1h 15m 35s):
When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.