
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's anti per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to OG Cool rush for yourself.


You have a long list of things to deal with. Check dry eye symptoms off with refresh relieve of PF extra lubricant. Eyedrops offering an advanced formula to soothe and hydrate your dry eyes. Refresh Relieve of PF extra. Includes moisture locking technology that prevents further irritation and gives you lasting relief. You deserve relief from your dry eye symptoms and your eyes deserve extra. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop section at all major retailers FSA and HSA eligible


Kickoff summer with Memorial Day savings at Lowe's. Right now get five Scotts Naturescapes, one and a half cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. Plus, get up to 40% off select major appliances and save an extra $50 on every $500 you spend on select major appliances, $396 or more. Lowe's, we help you save. Val do 5 28 mo Shopper excludes Alaskan Hawaii selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com for more details. More.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report. The volume


Happy Tuesday. I mean excuse me. Happy Wednesday, five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a full house this morning. Bishop Young Nacho five 20 Mook Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up? What going on? Chilling brother. Come on man. Before we get to the recap we gotta start with the real, You know what I'm saying? My boy made the announce yesterday. Wrote a fucking clip. Roll the tape. Be here in favorite moving basketball to Sham Guy. Oh my God. Giannis. Nah, the real iso my boy boy. Low key was tough though. This is what he wants to come talk to me about. Yes. That wasn't Bad bro. That was tough. You didn't do it right bro. Nah, You crazy Sham.


You the fake pop Your shit. Shit Got to the MI Can T Come on. Come on man. My boy ssis is back man. Fresh off Achilles injury. He's recovered Ready to go. Yeah Milwaukee. If y'all want to keep his brother, y'all know what do I know? Yeah, yeah. Make it right again. Y'all know what it is. It ain't been right since my me and my boy been gone. It ain't been right. Y ain't wanna play off Serious team. TA left. Y'all need us back. Facts. Y'all need us back man. Facts is facts. I ain't want a serious since I left. Talk about it King. Nah, facts are facts for sure. I'm nothing. Facts are facts bro. I'm nothing. I left y'all in shambles.


Shout ta Man. Everything about B shambles. I left the hawks and shovels. I left both times. I left the past and shovels. Oh you for sure you did a number on us. God, we just now getting back You to that locker. Boom up. I left Minnesota and she you and Evan Turner. Oh for Suret? Yeah. EE, yeah. T Red Ro Ty Gang for sure. But the NBA with more of these random accolades are going to announce whenever the fuck they feel like it. All rookie teams were announced yesterday. Let's go to the second team first. Khalil Ware Young macho in the Chicago Bulls s Missy who's going crazy. End of year he got his number called Ila.


Big man up in Portland. Bub Carrington. Mm. Shout out to Washington man. Two players making all rookie teams. Yeah, you got Alex Star making first team. That's Bub Carrington for sure. Yeah. Shout out to the the thriving Washington wizards. Thriving. That's, that's a word to use for them. The first team, unanimous castle. Rookie of the year. Yeah. Now Zachary, your guy a TL. We got a bright future in Atlanta. Yeah. First team speaking the two rookies on the team. You got Jalen Wells. What up? 'cause Zachary Eddy, the Memphis Grizzlies first team, our rookie and last a certain out least Alex Sarr. Yo. How we feeling about this rookie class so far? One of the worst I was about to say is like who supposed to be on that one?


One of the worst rookie class I ever seen. But shout out to young Zachary. He zacharia he came in and I don't even think that's, Hey bro, that's a fact man. That's a bad, this is a nasty rookie class man. That's a bad class. But Jerry k would've definitely been first team out rookie. You know I'm saying if he wasn't hurt but boy was hooping out. Yeah. A thousand percent he fuck around Ben Roy. Like the first team I met him. Yeah. The first team that had some bright spots like Stefan Castle was really good. Yeah. Like we all agree that he should have been Unanim rookie of the year. We think he's really, we think we, he's really good. Zach showed potential. He had some 30 point games and Jalen Wells and Zach, Edie had moments. Everybody else. Mm.


I mean mata we, we seen some moves from him some times. True. I mean good players, he got potential. Yeah. But nobody made a significant impact on their team size. Find Castle on Zach to me. Yeah, that's the fact. K clear. Were also big promise for that team. Even though Miami was, You know he got big potential for low par. I like the fact that Jaylen Wells really cracked their rotation. Him and Zach Idy. I mean for a long time Memphis was two in the west. Yeah. And they were big parts of that dude trying to kill him. Yeah he my boy healing it up. Yeah he back in the lab working but had a hell of an injury to the end of year for sure. Alright, we supposed to get the MVP tonight. That's what they said. Seven o'clock pre before the game. We're supposed to see who wins the MVP say GI Alexander Let's us You doing Bro.


Shake Gil. I don't know what the dramatics were about. This is dragging it out that long. This is ridiculous bro. Shake Ress Alexander. Yeah, they doing a lot now bro. Just give him his trophy so we can move on. Pretty much. I think it would've been funny if they would've announced it after game seven. That would've been fire. That would directly after the game. That would've been fire My But if but if it's an MVP of the season award, just give it to him after the 82 was up bro. That's what they should have did. I don't like that they drag it off into the playoffs 'cause because You gonna maneuver some shit And that's not what it's about. And you might start, yeah you might start looking another way. Like Yos would a beat them and killed. They might have tried to do some weird stuff. You gonna say imagine the MVP losing the first. They'd be like oh we give it to em but nevermind.


That's fucked up. You know that happened with Dirk though. You remember when Dirk got the MVP they lost in the first round. You know what I mean? So some weird shit be going on. Yeah. NBA do what they want to man let's get straight to it. Belt a ass situation. Yesterday in Oklahoma City, thunder took care of the wolves yesterday. One 14 to 88. Who's a rocky start? You know what it is though? They had the plan with, with SGA, they just foul 'em too much. Yeah. Like some of them shit ain't fouls bro. Yeah they not but like a couple of them, Jay McDaniels got a, and y'all know that's my second favorite player in the league. He gotta like quit reaching. He always put his hand in there.


He's super aggressive and shape play like James Harden. As soon as you put your hands on him he going to throw his arms in the air and it's a foul. Nah it is really a foul. But he just gotta use his length pause and just keep his hands out the cookie jar man. Yeah. Yesterday was definitely a tell two halve, like you said for the first half you thought that Minnesota had a game plan that was gonna be successful. Yeah and when that third quarter hit it got real spooky. But SGA showed up yesterday 31 9 5 Jayla Williams 19 8 5 and five five stills. He was getting aggressive yesterday. JR had 28 and eight and AE had 18 9 3. That ain't gonna cut it. They ain't cut Not enough That and ju Had most of that in the first half. Yeah, true. I don't think that will cut it but everybody so far is a role player shot.


Horrible yesterday. Yeah they did. I take Devin Chino bro. He gotta make a shot bro. I told you. Hey boy you making us look bad boy. You gonna have to take that damn zero off tape. Hey man, zero boy Man for real. You gotta go to double zero tape man Toy bro. He, You know I love you brother. You my dog for life but boy get that zero. Clean it up now he Gotta hit a shot. But all they role players play terrible though y'all For real. It wasn't even the role players. Everybody played terrible yesterday. Everybody was shooting Horrible yesterday. I'm saying I feel like if everybody played good so far as role players and and had 18 or nine they could have probably made some shape. Yeah. Nick u Alexander Walker didn't shoot the ball. Nobody shot the ball well for them. Gretchen, let's just go through the list of this of shooting percentage yesterday.


Jay mc Downs three for five. Cool. He couldn't play. He was in foul trouble. Yeah 'cause yeah, kept hacking and also like I said, we'll talk about this SG foul shortly. He gonna be in foul trouble. This whole series bro. Ju Randall nine for 13. All right cool. He hit all threes though. Yeah, that ain't 5 5 6. That ain't the aggressiveness I need from him the first quarter. Like he hit four threes in the first quarter. But that's he Cooking empty bucket y'all be talking about. Yeah that's Legit. Well see I can't say that because has been Julius Randall been killing the first half in the A cleanup the second. Yeah he supposed to take him home so I can't be mad at him setting the tone. Yeah, that's cool. But I'm saying I think if they role players would've played good bro. It'd been a Different game. Nah, he got us 28. AE would've got us 30. We probably would've been Yeah, it's a different story. But the way Julius Randall got his 28 like we know that he's a, he's like a bull in a China shot bro.


He attacks a ri, he's physical. Yeah him shooting threes. Nothing wrong with that. If he making them, he making them but he need to put pressure on Chet and all these dudes that gets him in foul trouble. But I told y'all that Caruso that damn Caruso. Yeah he didn't figure motherfuckers out and he know how to he car. That was crazy bro. I said this Caruso, he the most value player on the team. Can we go back to the timber wheels please? Yeah. Their super procedures are awful. You look at a SA five for 13 nasty work. Mike Conley two for eight. Come on nap down bro. We gotta have more of that. Na Man. Chad, Chad was comfortable with Julius Randall Gardner. He was, he was. He was real comfortable. Chad looked real comfortable. Yeah Soche look real up.


I thought I agree with Y too. I was like damn ju Randalls is strong but seeing Che going against him, I'm like oh he think shit sweet But but what to Jeff saying, he ain't making him play no defense bro. Nah. Yeah he laid him off the hook bro. Beat beat him up a little bit. Didn't make him come down. Play little offense. Yeah most definitely. Nas Reed won for 11. That's never gonna cut it. No seven bro. Dante three for 14 Nasty word Akia Walker Alexander three for 11. You're not gonna be nobody shooting like that. Yeah that's dead. Yeah and there was at one point at the beginning of the game they dropped Rudy a dime and he dropped that bitch so bad that they said Rie and he came in immediately. Mrs. Shot Ager said I was gonna be a long night for the Timberwolves. Yeah I think They they gonna shake back though. Nah they gonna shake back. They're not gonna shoot this bad.


Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I don't think they gonna shoot bad but I just don't, I don't know. I can't take away from OKC defense bro. Nah. Yeah they locking It. They was, they was locking shit up. So I wanted to ask both of y'all about this. How'd y'all feel? I saw the game Esterday starting off. You had Chet Gardner ae? Yeah they just switching that, that wasn't a real, that ain't a real thing. Okay. They just switching. I don't like that though. He said yo like that. Nah, He's not Sham guy Him. Nah that's just us just, he's gonna Score 40 on him if that's, They probably just, he probably picked him up and transition or they just was switching. That's Lou dork. That's it. That's his assignment. Him and Caruso OKC dude got a good ass defense bro. Yeah Lou.is built like re Artes bro.


How was Caruso being able to go all these big people was crazy. He guard Julius Randall bro. That's crazy. Well with no help. Nah I they play, they play well together. I think they probably had four people in double figures. They play a team game. SGA struggled. That's what I mean. If an is struggling Yeah the role players should fill in like KC. Yeah because SGA was struggling at first bro. Yeah you started first half at one point. He was two for 12. I'm saying I seen seen that text he sent, he sent the text Chat but they was on their way to lose it. Like I told y'all about SGAI said they Was on their way to lose at that moment though. When he something s me out, my DM say yeah bitch it's my damn I wonder to shout you out.


But you was a hoe. He was a he said but you was a hoe. Nah but I was watching, I said this nigga he called this shit but he just, I don't know he just turned it around bro. He really a dog bro Because he don't stop bro. He don't stop. He keep attacking bro. Yeah, he'll shoot 30 times and don't he did. Yeah he don't care about that. He was going to the cup yesterday But I'm just saying he don't stop attacking. So if he miss a couple, that's not going to waver his confidence. He at all. Nah, not at all. I want to ask y'all, there's been a lot of questions about SJ being a foul merchant. How do y'all feel about that? Is he doing what he's supposed to or is it a little too extra? He playing within the rules bro. Man it's part of the game. If you can do it, do it. He of good.


He the best at it. So shit, if other people could do it, they'll do it. Jaylen bro do that shit too. But I'm saying so many more people that done done done Trey, Trey Young do that bro. James they took it out the game with Rey Young though. Yeah they they made, they hated Trey Young so much that they took it out the game for him. Yeah but they kept it in for SGA just because the way Tre young like y'all don't understand I've learned through the NBA tre Young get a lot of texts. Oh okay. Like Tre Young will cuss the ref out fake, You know you seen him get ejected fake spin the ball to the ref. He talk shit to him and SGA don't do that. You know what I mean? That piss me off though. We doing the same thing. It I don't like me so I can't but it is the way you treat me. You know it's how you treat, You know you treat your lady, you treat, You know what I'm saying?


No you right bro. You right. I didn't know that was a Thing though. They still human. I didn't know T Tray Young used to do that. The worst bro. He used to be getting all kind of Fs. Yeah I Mean I know that but I'm talking about how Jeff saying his attitude Play a part in too Know They don't fuck with him. Yeah they don't. The league don't fuck with your young, it's 'cause the aunt at and he is a cold basketball player but it's just the way he respond to the refs. Yeah it is like James Harden. He always talk cool to the refs. Y'all don't never, you rarely see James Harden get attacked. Yeah, yeah. But the ones that talk bad to the refs that do the same shit, you be like damn he going to the basket. He don't get no calls. Y'all called him with Fred Van Fleet Boom. Oh yeah they got, we in the playoffs. They was getting Fred shit With Fred. You gotta treat them boys. Right. You tell 'em hey man you missed that but it's all good.


I know man. You got the hardest job in the league bro. I ain't complaining but check me out bro. They, they fouling me bro. Yeah and in the league You know them rest for years. So you got a relationship with them bro. For sure. Like they ing you for the weekend for years. Yeah this is not au they are holding grudges. You got a 15 year career that re been reffing for 28 years. You know All that shit bro. Yeah. What adjustments are y'all making for the next game? If y'all, I mean flat out make shots bro. Yeah ae gotta give us more. I mean I know he had his little ankle shit but you gotta give us more and Julius Randall get to the rim, get in the post. Attack the rim for me. I'm gonna have to see if Lou dor and Jalen Williams gonna make shots. Right.


So I'm gonna load up a little more. SGA obviously he's driving a ball like a madman every single time he was driving it, driving it, driving it, trying to create. Yeah I'm gonna make him see more bodies like and I probably ain't gonna start Jalen Jay McDaniel's on him. Even though he's a great defender. We, I'm gonna let him be a help defender and I need you to guard him at the end bro. Yeah I'm love him. Him be a help defender and I'm probably gonna put Mike on him 'cause Mike can guard. Right. That's shit if he can't guard I I see it. That's cool because even if he torch Mike, he's going torch anyway bro. Yeah so let him cook see if Jaylen Williams, I don't think Jaylen Williams can knock down like, like that. Yeah I don't good he didn't airball a bunch of threes.


He'd be like hit one. He had come the second half but he a little shaky in that first half. Jalen Williams would hit a three than Airball like but I see y'all point. I much rather you beat us then we just keep letting SGA get to his spot. 'cause there was at points, especially after our quarter where he got to the freeto line bump, get off me fadeaway, fuck it. And I'm saying like they got so many long defenders. I mean Jayden McDaniels being the primary defender SGA kind of figured him out like I'm gonna bump him. He get his hands closed, he play he handsy defender. I'm gonna get him in foul trouble. I'm gonna keep attacking him. Mike is a what you call a balanced defender, like he gonna stay right in front of you. Yeah he gonna make you shoot over him. Which SGA probably gonna shoot over him but when you got help defenders like a e and Jay McDaniels that can come and contest like a second contest and stuff like that.


Yeah and he might have to kick it to Caruso. I don't think Caruso can hit 10 threes. He might. Shit I don't know if Jalen Williams or Lou do I'll take your chances with Lou Do. I will take them. I'd rather lose to y'all than him. Yeah I will take 'em. Yeah it is just y'all night. If y if y'all hit this Yeah it's a regular night. If he do Lou do Hit five six threes is, I'm not saying he can't but if he would take capable but Yeah but the differences between like they looking at how Jay McDaniels guarded Luca. Yeah against Shay. That's a different step. They both give fouls but Luca more of a physical like boom boom And he was using his quickness to stay in front of him. Yeah well Shay just as quick, just as fast handle. Just as tight, Just a little bit more craft Field. He down heed all the time.


Way more. Nah Luca not playing that fast. Luca shooting step backs. He can contest it like he is downhill bro. Every time. Yeah, all the time. Yeah there's at one point I remember SGA caught him on the left hash and bumped him got the F 'cause he pushed off sold it and hit the fight. I'm like yeah Luca you could have pushed back and got in there if it is over that because he move that fast Luca gotta bump you. Then he go side step and his arms was long enough he was quick enough to get back. Yeah. Even though Luca still was killing, it was just looking a little tougher. Yeah. SGA boy he moving just as fast as you. Most definitely. And I be here, You know what I'm saying? You know you like to post up battles. You look at the points yesterday for okay C he's big Chet 15 seven, Isaiah Har shot 12 and five Go Bear two points, three rebounds, NAS re four points one from 11.


They Held the pain down man show him nothing. He couldn't get nothing down there Stein bro. He is. He is a quality, quality big bro. That's a tough assignment for real. I'm giving you $300 million. You can't give me two and three bro. You can't. When it's hard, it's hard. I'm giving you That's crazy nuts. I'm giving hundred million dollars. That's crazy. Shout out to Rose Sparks When it's hard, it's hard. Shout out to Viagra, shout out to Rhino, shout out to Honey p shout out to when it's hard. Free me something so I can do that. You know I mean when it's hard, it's hard.


Pop Viagra then bite the honey and die. You go doublet the last dance for show Kevin Samuels just entered the building that might bring you back nigga that cop off with a Red Bull damn turn Young Bull. Did he who move to Red Bitch I'm turned stroke patrol that and here the Patric. Yeah. Trying to send me out like Kevin Sam For sure. That's a hell for sure.


Okay y'all fry. Alright man. If you're the temple Wolves you just take this under. Alright it don't matter. We trying to split leave it here anyway. You just watch this game away. We taking this for sure they post to win game one. She said no choice. I already lost it. They posted the home team post to win game one. Okay We used, You know if you steal it you, You know you cooking with fire but You know this is the game they gotta get right here. Most definitely game two. Alright. DJ Dre from the Bay said shout out to y'all for holding down the morning spots. No need for ESPN salute. Do you guys put any soccer in the first game to KC versus W? Will it be a sweep? No Sweep. No sweep baby. No sweep. There ain't gonna be no sweet. We ain't gonna do that one but nah we, I mean it is a filler out game.


Game one is just see what you got, see how they going to play and now you gotta go make your adjustments obviously they see how they guard ae how they guarding Julius Randall? Yeah they got Caruso guard Randall at times and he's switching off. Yeah so that one, two that pick and roll with AE and Julius Randall pretty much dead 'cause they playing guards on him. So Julius Randall gotta go back to that old bully ball. They gonna be switching these little dudes on you. You too strong, you too physical. You gonna have to be the advantage for this team. He tried to post lou.one time though now lou.no nothing. I told y'all Get that I told y'all now And shit. I said Lou do That is Lt Lawrence Taylor bro.


Lou do Straight up. I said that That's he could play football bro. Yes bro. But Lou do would kill somebody bro. He's 6 7 2 50 bro. He six seven. What is he? 6 5 6 5 6 4 6 5. Oh I I guess in my bad he's strong. Look at his neck pulls look like Look at bro. Bro that bro. Yeah Bro he hit that corner three yesterday. I'm like he doing this. Hey what you, what can you do bro? What? They had a good game yesterday though. And they at the crib they going they role players gonna hit bro. Facts play good. I think N gonna have 40 next game. I hope So. We shall see.


So we all made mistakes, right, but own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well but the fans degree whole thing. It turns up sweat other protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purser for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Interested in investing in Bitcoin but not sure how to get started. Well with a Gemini credit card you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying. Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas, or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Go to gemini.com/card. Start building your Bitcoin stash. Now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend $3,000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Kos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least he grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh and he stumbles Oh Right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos Stronger makes everything better because


The 2025 NBA plows get more exciting. Actually yes because this year thanks to Dash pass members only deal when they swoosh you score. Specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use your promo code Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score time for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


Alright man You know what the time it is Eastern Conference models kicks off tonight. Oh Pacers in New York with it tonight. Alright for the Knicks. What they gotta do tonight to get the dub Don't matter. Pacers in six bro. That's what the fuck I'm talking about Mo. Yeah I'm not here for that shit. Go ahead. Be here for your Knicks. So it again for my Knicks New York cat. Go kill y'all tonight. Cat. Go Boy. Mal in trouble. Mal and trouble 25 and 12 tonight You got Cat 25 and 12. Book it. Book it. Put that on your parlay.


It is Okay That that's, that's your key to W Shout Out to Draft Kings. That's your key to victory. Not cat. I mean y'all Now y'all gotta figure out a way bro to stop og stop our role players bro.


Our role players are better than y'all bro. Y'all really? Bro, stop og, what's his name? Yeah, Ted. Who? Neem Hart. What the best player Time Smith. What's The other brother name? Aren Knee Smith. Knee Smith. Smith is what they gonna do tonight. They gonna kill trash. Okay. They're gonna kill Aren. Aren knee Smith is gonna have a good game. Them hard is gonna have a solid game. Yeah. Pascal going. He gonna kill tonight. Pascal gonna hoop tonight. See the take over. Y'all got Pascal for 20. Fatigue go. Oh You know Pascal always get 20, You know to go ahead. The difference between New York and Cleveland Cavaliers, no disrespect to Donvan Mitchell but he on guard so Nihar and them was getting off a little bit.


That ain't going to happen with with these boys. Them hard them about OG and Mike Mikel Bridges and Josh Hart. They play defense. They do like a motherfucker. Yep. Now they gonna have to find Jalen Brunson and if they find him because we gonna find him but we gonna see him in we, we will find where JB is at. We okay we were not, y'all gonna have to hunt. We're hunting and I don't know if y'all got ISO ISOs like that now one iso. I like that a lot of people are overlooking if you look last year's conference final know they got some addition their team but OG or Pascal ain't easy money. That's, he struggles with that matchup. Well we gonna see, oh we saw last year Be 25 tonight. They used to run ones in Toronto.


They homies Be 25. Yeah that's little bro for Pascal. That's OG to everybody else. That's lil homie. Mm. Yeah so that helped. You gonna see it. I talking about OG a different player this year. Most definitely. Oh y'all seen what he did to Boston? No, OG ain O Cole. There is no his name. We Just, but I'm saying we Jeff Just had y'all pull up they stats back to back for the year. Respect. Yeah. Different but Respect little bro is cool but put some more, a little more respect. But I just remember the reason you got a championship 'cause big bro got you out there 'cause you wasn't playing. That's a fact. Yeah he a different And then last year when they matched it up, You know what I'm saying, they had to send a little bit of help. Yeah he a different player. This shit because it got wicked. Yeah he a different player this year. I ain't gonna lie. Yeah, Josh Hart about to hit a lot. Threes tonight we gonna see I, I ain't gonna lie, I got pictures in this game though.


Yeah but it's just a different, I know it's a different, it's a different field when it comes to that Knicks team Paul. It's like yeah bro they got some that I want the Knicks to win a series just because I wanna see what New York look like. Tyre slipping up. I just want to see what New York look like. Like but round three recap. This is where you start right here. They gonna burn if New York won the championship they gonna burn that city down. Yeah. Hey did you see what they was on? They was just like put your hand in that register. That money is yours y'all about somebody shocked them. Mo gonna get somebody clap saying I want, I wanna see that. I want see what they call fucking Gotham City. Turn the Gotham City. Yeah. I wanna see what New York look like. Like that's what I want to see.


I don't really care. Like I see the page finna go in there today and win. I think they are. Yes. Just like we walked in there game seven. It got them the fuck outta here. I'm gonna tell you how the first quarter going. I gotta see how Hall Burton is. Hall Burton really gonna, if he gonna turn up I gotta see his energy. I think bro got a dub tonight for the Knicks. He gonna show up tonight. I wanna see his show up tonight because You know he had get 20 and Pascal think we gonna win bro. Because what game he had? He had like six points in one of the series this year we talking about the game where we got, we got Y got the Cleveland game Belongs no six points in that. Yeah he be having moments like that where he just don't feel like it was bad game. No I'm just saying nah I feel you. You can't, there's no more coming up playing moments where he just like yeah today ain't my day, I'm chilling.


Yeah but so far in the playoffs we're eight two so You know I'm, we allowed a little off game. Yeah we be gentleman sweeping everybody. I just don't know if that's gonna be tonight. That's all I'm saying. I don't know if that tonight gonna be a good one. It's gonna be a good game. Lacrosse though. Good energy. It's gonna be a good, he gonna set the tone. Okay. Yeah. Gonna be a good one. Talk to him. Gonna be a lot of points scored. It's gonna be a good one. Watch. Alright, super Chat Big Z 11 says when you ate and lock in his inner Trey Young and get these Knicks boys out here like 20, 21. Facts. But who does NY? Hey more t Trae Young or Reggie Miller. Reggie Yeah. Yeah. They hate Trey Young. They still chant about him right now bro. Yeah. Yeah they do hate Trey Young. I love that. This is different bro. Tre Young ain't got nothing to do with this one shit about him right now. It'd be random events that just start saying fuck Reon.


Trey Young is the Goat Gie got years on this shit. He Got a lot of real estate. Yeah he living free but Reon shoot the dice on that shit recently too. That was disrespectful. That was fired Fire you go. But then him saying Oklahoma City way louder than New York. Yeah he liked the fire for sure. Alright. Agent Mores in the super chat says Jet, when you gonna get in the ring like Holly or Bro said where'd your WWE e name be? Shit I can't wait to get in the ring but that's a good question. What? What my WE name be Jeff T. Oh yeah. Body Slam that. Damn why would I have a, why would I have another name Like hey man throw that nigga in the crowd with that. You gotta have something in the middle bro.


Your name. No You not. I'm already, I was a basketball player. This nigga said call me Jet, just call you Jet. Hold on. This nigga knew call. Hold On. Where you at No mo Cross. They call me Jet. Oh Lord Fry. I'm still mad at Kimball about that. He, he made that shit live on Or you can be something. It could be something simple bro. Jeff the freak Teague bro. Jeff the why the freak you wanna Call everybody The freak bro. Jeff the freak tea. I didn't put a while on your shit bro. No bro. I ain't the freak nothing Jeff. The legend killer tea I'm taking Randy. Alright this is not from the super chat. This is actually from Malcolm on the production team and go say it would be better if they had two days in between games.


Do you agree? How you feel about the playoff game dates? Hey man y'all getting up time to rest man. We wanna hear that shit. Yeah, nah for real though. The playoff games are so much harder than a regular season game that the starters play way more minutes. Right. So two days in between wouldn't be bad but for TV purposes like we love that we get to watch something every single day. Yeah. Yeah. Like the finals are awful when they got them three days in between and stuff. Yeah you low key forget that basketball. Yeah you kind of forget basketball is on. So for the viewers it is good to have basketball every other day but for a player I get it. You know what I mean? You banged up, you need a day of rest but you ain't practicing or nothing so it don't even matter like you play a game, you gonna go sit down the next day.


Yeah I understand but keep how it is bro. But the only thing is it's that flying shit. Yeah that's a fact. That where you down in Denver, the OKC that flying shit is awful. Like especially for like Minnesota. That's why you need them days in the finals 'cause you going from east to west. That shit falling from it's trash. But also y'all ain't flying Southwest me. Y'all getting in. Y'all private jet kicked out man still I feel you though. But that shit still Oh definitely affects you. That shits trash if you fly after the game or something like that. Bro that shit hurt. They be getting in at three In The Morning. It it is still trash like going from New York. Where they playing Indiana. That flight ain't crazy. Yeah But going Still trash from New York To la. If you play the Clipper, if you play the Clippers that is wild.


Going back and forth. Say Let's play tomorrow. Trash. That's right, that's right. Trash definitely. For sure. Alright man. WNBA coverage had some good scores yesterday. The dream beat the fever yesterday. 91 to 90. Shout to Atlanta boy wrote the clip. This is the end of the game man. Brittany Grinder. They tried to put that S Smart on your name with that fake allegation. We straight cold bro. I watched her yesterday. Who? Brittany Grind. I wanna ask you how y'all feel about this? How y feel about Kaylee inbound on display at Basketball. Ah okay. 'cause I ain't know what you was. I ain't know the vibe. You know Get that Here. I thought You know Brittany Grinder bad Dump that. So that's how the game ended yesterday and Kayla Clark was the in bounder.


How do y'all feel about having your best players inbound? Nah and not getting touch in that situation. That is a great call that she got a they defense. That's A good dude video bro. She just got blocked. That's a good play. Trying to hoop like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar nigga. Brittany Grinder looked like Tim Duncan out there bro. She was killing. Look at this bro. What was you finna do? The hooky. She got a pump fake or something. You five 11. The hooky is trash. Now I gotta ask two attempts at it. She had two attempts. She got a fake bro. Ceci ain't supposed to get one of 'em touches. All right. A Hook shot. Stop y'all. Yeah for G is tough. Any seconds left on the clock up And Get in the Lab. My dream or my dream is back.


Your dream. That's disgusting Contact. Yeah I used to root for a learned dream and I had my girl angel. This Nigga, I don't know. I wonder, I wonder what angel up too now She's commentating right now. Oh okay. I remember she did 360 11 in the game. She got so high. Two crazy ass threes last. Angel N was raw. She Had like you said the real BG grinder hooked out. She had 21 to eight yesterday. You and I Mecca of your world in a TL home For the Yeah she home. Hey go crazy sir. You Moving, you moving to to Atlanta. The city is yours that weekend, that month for that festival is gonna be lit Keys to the city running around with no shirt on.


Give every key with every color on the key. Shout out to my shout out to the dream man. It's always some hate Ron. Hey listen Ron to You BG Ryan. I'm proud of you too. You played good last night. Brittany Howard, bucket Howard. She named her to her daddy. Hey I thought about you yesterday being here. Kay Clark had 27 to Levy yesterday. She moved it up on the the ranking and she's number two. Oh yeah. 2010 games with nah she's number two in history. 25 And 10. It only took her 41 games. It only took her 41 games. Everybody else in that top three list plays 700 games and 500 games.


Kalin Clark is the best player ever. Have to lay some sneakers in the WNBA bro ever. I'm sorry. Don't care what nobody say bro. I get as mad as I want bro. Nobody in in the NBA has those type of numbers bro. No. So what you say about the W one games? What you say about the WD trash? Hey I'm sorry boy is it progressing? I'm not. It is. It's progressing. Yeah it is. It's getting better. She's raising a level of competition. The league is young. That's what they say. Be second place at all time at 2010 games with nine. Listen, They Gotta know that's crazy. That's Crazy. Cheryl. Cheryl Swoopes, that's my dog bro. Cynthia Cooper, my dog Cheryl Swoopes hate her too.


They are 60 years old bro. The first WNB game I believe was in 1997. Bro. I don't even know if Kayla Clark was talking due to math. Most definitely Bro. 41 games. Nah, that's crazy. And there's other people on the list that have 500 and 700 games. Three. That's RO 40 loop. It's crazy bro. It's nothing you could say to me bro. Nothing if she plays a hundred games bro. Nobody ever gonna beat that record bro. Tangling numbers bro. She the best. She's the best ever bro. Don't best bro care bro. She's the best ever bro. So she gonna have and she gonna be like LeBron with the stats. Oh nobody's gonna be breaking her stats for this shit bro. Yeah shit's gonna be unbreakable Jeff 25 in 10 in 41 games.


The next closest person to me did it in 700 games. Bro. That's crazy bro. That is insane. Well she is second. She's second all the time right? Yeah she's second. What Does it matter? It took them 700 to get there. I'm gonna finish The season for 2010. The record is only 10. She got nine. She probably have 2010 next year. Realistically. So what the fuck are we talking about? Hey man, we gonna be out reach dude and listen the game would play like it's played now. She got the balls a lot. Di Tara, you gotta think Diana Tara and them teams was they had way more hoopers though bro. Nah it is quiet bro.


Talking about Yukon bro. Not I'm saying Brittany Grinder. She played with Brittany Grinder for a minute. No, The comments was really good when we was kids fired The had whips, the sports and Tina Thompson, Liberty, the sports, everybody swoop Cynthia Cooper Bro. I I was quiet y'all, if you went to the league and did that at 41 games, a motherfucker couldn't tell you nothing. Don't God nothing bro. Brian know won't able To tell me nothing. I be like this nigga the best nigga that S smart For sure. How mad is Sheryl So said we talked about this right now. You Know how she feels. She is pissed right now. She's hot. How she get 20 and 10? Y'all letting this little girl do this? She is hot. She put all that smut on her name. I would've put her butt on the ground Man I got the favorite winning the chip on everything.


I'm getting the Kayla Clark jersey Ns I'm pulling up today. Paw. Nah I pulled up Today. You get Clark bro. I'm going. I got the dream winning it. Shout out to my girl Brittany Grinder. You gonna hold it down for the city On and off the court. She Don't want you calling her that bro. Yeah, Call her BG One of the guys Bro. Mr. Brittany Grinder. You gonna hold it down for whatever y'all want me to call it. Let's move on some other games pl yesterday. Shit. What y'all say Call her. I don't know shit. Brittany Grinder, bg the real mama call you Clay. I'm gonna call you play. Call her Pops, Pops, pops bg what I call 21 and eight last night. Hold it down for the city on off the court. I will be in Atlanta soon to come see y'all game. We will go to Magic City and hold it down.


Oh that's crazy. B Tyson bg my dog. See listen that gonna be crazy. Me and bg, me and BG was hanging out one day. She tall though. Up kids. Hey That's a wild duo. Real picker roll. We looking at the same. We looking at the same shit shit. It ain't like she looking at, she ain't looking at me. Yeah, I don't know. She might have an off night. She a hooper bro. Y'all are friends. We try to get to gym bro. Off night is nuts. So she Deion Mitchell sometime that's his name.


Oh Night right Saying come on dj, Y'all fry the ancient security. So yesterday 87 to 62 as Wilson with crazy twenty two ten four Jewelle Lloyd newly acquired to the team hat 25. She can hoop too now. Yeah I like, I like to see Drew Lloyd gets a hoop match. Shout to my dog John Lucas II out there grinding with them. The ACEs out there. Him about the right way. Shout to my dog. Alright, Verified Buckets B here. Who was getting to it yesterday? Man, I guess BG Real B 28. No hate. No hate from me. Shout to bg. Yeah Keep Holding it down. The city is yours like I Said.


Yeah you are the city and a choke. Real fuck. Alright, who you got Caitlin Clark? Man y'all 27 11. Come on man. What an l second all time for sure. Boom. Fucking keep breaking records to who you got. I'm gonna go with my, I'm gonna go with my dog Aja Wilson. Man. The best player to ever play in the W. She's better than Sheryl Miller. Yes. No, I mean we didn't get to see Shel Miller but Sheryl Miller was crazy though. Yeah, from where everybody tell me into some of the videos I seen got respect. She probably would've been the goat but she ain't get a chance to do that. So Asia Wilson you the goat and she killed last night when she had 22 and something. So shout to her. 20 and something slight. Yeah. Shout out to Asia Wonder Co.


I'm show some love to SGA 31 9 and five. Held it down. Get Well Soon. Who need some encouragement? This wonderful Wednesday morning. Whoever got tape, Mike Malone, Whoever got they shot blocked by the fever. Yeah whoever that Natasha Howard, whoever that. Oh yeah, Mike Malone. Let's get the hate out the way. What's crazy is that might be his real opinion but the fact that they brought him on after they beat them. That's hate. I was about to say is that really hate. That ain't hate bro. He just speaking. He's been a fact. But it's still hate though. The facts. Shout out to Mike Malone. Mike Malone did a good job. Ain't Proud of way he, You know you gonna fire me during the season to get me to come talk to you motherfuckers. I'm about to Create. Nah he said no I'm not. Get talk about my opposite. The people who fired me, I can't wait. Well I was, I found this random me on Twitter.


I y'all let me know if this is the Fallon. Not all. What the fuck is it man? What is he dude man, what we doing man? Is this a league? Yes. Oh they slammed me to the league. It's Wrestl Slam basketball I shirt and ski is He just took it. Oh he ran. Oh it's like WWE e basketball. He ran from out the crowd. I hope he sl him on his neck bro. They said this is Dre my big three when you get up playing he sl him on His neck bro. Hey that's a real one movie he hit the shot to. Oh that's crazy. Yeah that is Dre Marvel show. Whoever he is, send some black Ps. On everything.


We gonna get your info, send you some Black forces man. Strong. Yeah, I don't think he got a mailbox doing shit like that but we'll find out his information for sure. Oh yeah. Another Get Well Soon Gil Gilley. But I gotta speak the real how we feeling man? You played damn near just as many games as as you didn't play bro. Rebuild all this shit man. Because we don't, we don't even know if our motherfucking best player going to be available man. Like it ain't no doubt bro. Willing and be is the best fucking player on the planet. The only difference is we don't know what the fuck we going to get every night man. Oh we might come out one. I'm okay.


I'm about to give you motherfuckers 50 and 20 come on in and we might come out the next night and he might just settle for 17 footers all day. The one thing about Giannis is You know you gonna get maximum fucking effort every fucking night. Man. Philadelphia, we like to see effort. Allen Iverson didn't win shit. He will always be the goat around this motherfucker because he put in a hundred percent effort. Respect. That's respect. But respect for talking to me like this bro. But yeah, don't talk to me like that dog. Like motherfucker. You do not own the team. I don't give a fuck. Fuck you. You might be cool with the owner shit, but don't talk to me like that. I've told PI be that's cool and now shit we was hurt. Yeah and I was hurt.


For real. I'm be like bro hurt bro. What? Fuck what you say bro? Yeah that All and that's what You know. Shout to pg. It's all love on the show but you gotta take up for your guys bro for more so yourself. Yeah but when somebody putting the smart on your guys, even if it's true or not bro, hold your team down bro. Yeah really don't gotta go rock with them guys every day next year. You do. You do bro. Yeah, So Damn he telling him to rebuild his show first be one of niggas bro. He be like, Hey bitch ass nigga. Yeah For real Bro. And what's funny is he told a nigga you played just as many games as you set out. At that moment I would said I was hurt my nigga. I was hurt. You know I was hurt. Very simple playing hurt bro. I can't play. You wanna go to work when you hurt and your knee don't work or your foot don't work.


I would've had to defend myself. Don't go but shout out to Gilly for going on his show and turn that bitch. See I'm the real, I represent for all the real Philadelphia six and we hate you. What he said? He dead serious. Dead serious. I, I respect that by Gilly. He ain't hold back. 'cause most people would've, will that show been like nah, he would over there spoke his truth but PG you guys. Yeah. Shit. Fuck all that. I think they would've respected if you would've been like, shit, fuck all that. I was hurt. You don't think I wanna Play? Yeah, that would've, that would've been viral for real, Man. Like you don't think I wanna play like bro, I ain't trying to sit out and I don't want to go to the game and watch. That ain't fun. Watch these sad niggas. Who Yeah, I would've said some shit like that. Now y'all talking about losing the locker room.


Fuck this. Fuck it. Tre me. Fact, I'm mad. Matter fact, I would turned up and I really wanna get the fuck up outta here. I don't. Fuck because I feel because anyway, shit. Shit me on my way. You talking about rebuild nigga? Yeah I, that was tur that turf, that Shit would've been hilarious to me. Shoulda Walked out. Yeah. Even like what Pop George got Stand for something though bro. Yourself and for sure your team bro. You know what's really going on. Yeah. Damn. Say bro, NB heard what the fuck you want him to do. I'd been like, you can't do it bro. Don't give a fuck. You can't come out here nigga. Healthy and player. I see you Trying to hoop all the time, Bro.


Nothing. You gotta have that rebuttal. I think he would've respected you more if you would've had that back and forth with me. Yeah, because he told him like, help me understand like what's going on And then the nigga just fell back. I'm like, oh that shit weak. Yeah, I would've had to, I would've talked hella shit. Most definitely. Even if I ain't feel it, I ain't, I wasn't even confident in my lie if I even, I know Joe just didn't feel like playing. I've been like he getting blood and pus coming out his knee every morning. Nigga ain't Wal, I would've made up some crazy stories. That's right. Yeah. I would've been like this ACL be moving off aq. I've went crazy. Real man folks just different though. Wow. You ain't gonna ride on my team then I would've been, I would've just started talking crazy like, bro, you see, You know what I be doing bro. When I'm healthy bro, I'm really like that.


I'm hurt bro. Yeah. You think I'd be like, bro, you think I really only can average eight points bro. You think I really wanna watch Kelly Uber shoot all the shots, bro. Boys catching shots. Yeah, I would've been going crazy for sure. You know v I'll throw you under the bus or a heartbeat. Clearly I still, I'm still getting conversations from Saturday. Yep. Don't worry about it. Shout to the live show. Tap in for sure. Yeah, I be just 'cause you part how you party? You Should have heard what your brother said at the live show, boo. What'd I say? Ultimate. Ultimate. What'd he say? So Bow. Wow them You know Bow talking about He gonna bring it back up the studio, You know Bow like Yeah, well me and Chris Brown in the studio bro. I got the, You know I'll be having How old's real? Your brother, your big brother says, oh you like this nigga.


First of all nigga, I don't rap. Second of all, yeah you do. My wife is out in the crowd. Yeah you do right. Talking nigga ing jerk is your classic In the crowd. I said, are you serious right now? He trying to clean it up like bro, I Seen your studio. He was in the bathroom. What I'm saying, the apartment was right there. He walked in the bathroom, everybody was outside drinking. You took the ER jerk bottle, went in there, made their DJ plastic DJ to show her move over. It was three big girls, two skinny girls. Oh wow. This selection was different from, that's the crazy five. This target is crazy. This selection was different from Bow. Wow. But it was a selection. Nah. Bow. Wow. New ho. Big in a motherfucker.


No, no, no. She's not.


Shout to Boost Mo. Man. You know the vibes. 25 Text, unlimited talk and day. Tap in man Nationwide. Man, don't forget Nationwide. It's forever. $25 forever. Get you for forever. Tap in for show shock club.com 5G Nationwide. Right. Yo, You know the vibes. We got some new merch on there. Tap in. We appreciate y'all. We be be back same time in the Morning, five 20 In The Morning. The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more@chase.com back slash business Chase for Business. Make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chas and Company.


You have a long list of things to deal with. Check dry eye symptoms off with refresh relieve P fex extra lubricant. Eyedrops. Offering an advanced formula to soothe and hydrate your dry eyes. Refresh. Relief of PF extra includes moisture locking technology that prevents further irritation and gives you lasting relief. You deserve relief from your dry eye symptoms and your eyes deserve extra. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop section at all major retailers. FSA and HSA eligible.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discovers accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report, you're Listening to an iHeart podcast.