
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal, you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all yours with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stacker, $1. With a in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack and an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Monday, five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show Army host. My name is DJ Wells. We got all the gang in here this morning. We got lots to talk about man. NCA tournament March Madis, Andy NBA. I got Bishop Hendricks. I got Young Nacho. I got five 20 Moog fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? It's good Bro. Chilling. Chilling. What's Happening bro? Hey man. March madness man. It is lived up to the name so far. So far. Man. Let's get straight to it man. We gonna start off with a game winner from yesterday man. Shout out to Derrick. Yes sir. Man, let's find UST young freshman. Y'all talked Holly Hill man. He got his moment. Top Five bro. I don't care what nobody say. Okay Move. If he ain't top five They hating. Okay, That's his close up Bow.


Good shot. So who, who would top Five say he travel right there. Hey, That's Hating bro. Hey, no we're not. We're not hating. Let The ball go bro. Bro, that's three steps. The ball go. He didn't travel. He took three steps. That is hat bro. That's a hell of a fucking Shot. I'll fuck with him. That's a big shot. He they don't call travel on Brian so fuck it. You Get a gall step bro. No you gotta the ball put your hand on the ball. He could still kept dribbling And it was so smooth. If you call that you're Crazy. Yeah, as a ref you are out pocket. If you call that, even if it is a travel That was fire Go 16, that's Nasty Going left. Yeah, off the one leg bank in Maryland. Fucking game Maryland ain't been shit. Feel me? Just Juan Dixon So Said Steve Blake ain't walked through that door since I rock with them.


Hey listen man, shout out to Colorado State. This was a hell of a game too. The shot that went up before. This is a hell of a shot too. Yeah. Which is crazy. A three to get the lead. But man, Hey whoever they coach is he need a new job bro. He's a hell of a coach bro. Okay. Colorado State put him in a portal. That's a big fucking shot right there. Y Niggas in this portal talked about this. He probably fucking game Let's go. Yeah. Xavier or something. Hey him and Patino. So That's so crazy that you said that bro. We just talking about niggas in the, The portal Bro. Great coach. You always say go when you Celebrate till you celebrating where he's Nah. Bigger parties. It's time to level up baby.


It's time to level up Man. Y'all crazy For sure man. A couple of the top performers. Mook, who you feeling so far in the tournament? Man, The kid from Florida. Nice. Okay. Walter Clayton. Tough, Tough PG Tough. He hit some big shots. He had like two big threes down the stretch bro. He's a killer. They go final four. Okay. Yeah I've seen a lot of people say he's first round. He should Be, most definitely should be. He played, he started off at Iona With, he been to a few schools. Yeah, With Coach Patino. Yeah, coach Patino had him. He's a killer. Yeah, for sure. He is showing up man. Florida looking real serious. That game against UConn was a hell of a game too. That Was a great game. They was looking shaky. But like I said, he came through in the clutch, took the game over UConn a Hurley.


He a asshole but he coach his ass off bro. Yeah, For sure. Coach's Off bro. Yeah 'cause that Oklahoma game was a good one but yesterday. Yeah he almost got Florida up out of there. Damn near. Got him Outta there bro. And if you keep it real, some of them calls, if they go a little different way you can't get that win. That's A fact. But shit, I'm glad he lost. I don't, I hate him bro. I mean He Fucking arrogant bro. I hate that shit bro. He's a great coach. He's fucking arrogant bro. I love people like him. He be turned up man. You need Two turfs people bro. Because Everybody want to lose So hopefully they don't fuck y'all like they fuck us, Like just leave bro. You lost, let's go home. I love him Bro. Yeah I look at the STA bro. I bro you won like 10 straight ECH tur games.


You haven't lost in two years of Terms. Don't matter bro. Don't be trying to fuck us bro. We're trying to move home man. Don't do my kids like that man. Shout out to him man. What's up man? They about to reload anyway. They about to be be just as good anyway next year. So give up on the Yukon. Hey young getting pet for the Auburn man. They call him Tee 2.0 Young Teague? Nah, I don't see it. He cold though. He is cold. See even the real, I watched him play. Okay, What you see then he Come off the bench. Oh hell, Here we go Be me. Here we go. But he got people on his team. 26 bro. What is he supposed to do? He average 11. I would, I average what? I average a freshman.


That be your bad. That be your bad? He he on the number one team. I'm just talking shit man. Nah young boy. It's nice for sure man. Nah, I like, I like his game Playing half the game too. Facts. Yeah, he don't get enough time Only playing 22 minutes. Yeah he special. Yeah it wouldn't have been me couldn't go there. We know you'll be at the portal what, mid through 20, working out 22 minutes Soon. This conference starts getting Enough time. Boy I never picked Auburn And You know how crazy this you to be having, I ain't feeling this shit. Yeah. Hey they We doing that though. Teams is calling boys during the season now. That is Crazy. Yeah, I'm not going to play with the OGs either though bro. That's crazy. I don't Lie but I could see him.


I could see him leaving this year and being a go to the league. Okay. For sure man. I don't know if he'll be a first rounder but I could see him trying to do it or at least testing the waters. He Probably should stay one more. Yeah. Who out? Yeah, he's gotta see him for sure man. Hey next year he be top 15. Yeah. Shout to young boy CP and the OG Hooped out yesterday. Caleb bl killing 30 ball. Yeah But he 30. Well he is about 2329 and he's 29. He killing Though. He killed Killed? Yeah he be doing his thing. Nah, I ain't never really watched the dude from Auburn play though. I gotta check in. I watched him, I watched a couple of their games but he ain't have good games like they play Florida at Auburn. At what? He ain't play well.


Yeah y'all he knocked up. He nice. He got bounced handle burner shit. I got, I got, I gotta check him out 'cause when I watched him play everybody told me to watch him play. They played Florida and Clayton You know was they was having a good game. Yeah, Mike got got, if he played a grown man, Caleb love 23. Yeah Caleb love ain't that bad. 23. We just seen him in the tournament every year so we he was good early And he kill every year too. Yeah he was good early facts. He did what he was his sophomore year he killed or freshman year, sophomore tournament. Shit. Probably both. He been killing every year. Got say he was always sophomore year he went to the chip right. Yeah. Yeah he should have left that year but his NBA probably over with now but he should have went his sophomore year. Yeah you talk about that you said earlier when that happened that he should have dipped out the year.


He should Bro. The older you get the harder it is to get to the NBA now For sure. Unless you a a seven footer. Yeah. Ah yeah if you were big it don't matter but yeah. All right. Keep doing your thing Cap. Love you hoop out boy. You'll get your final four. I bet you they come calling you be in NBA for sure. Listen man, Kalari Come on man. To Some respect man. I'm not gonna say Cal is a better coach to Patino 'cause I respect Patino. That's probably, it's pretty close. Hey Mo. Yeah But As far as that match, We all family always on Cal about I wanted to, I wanted to start to show with respect to what Arkansas has done this season. But we not gonna do that. Why? What's the truth? We know what's up. He Got Cal play Patino.


He's, he's gonna win bro. That's just the proof is in the pudding bro. It is What? Rick Petito has a chip at Cal school and his school. I'm not saying Cal is a better coach but when they go against each other I know who going win bro. Mm Respect I ain't mad at that's All I'm saying. Hey this was a hell of a game though man. Crazy matchup Arkansas St. John. The committee knew what they was doing putting 'em two against each other right there hell of a game. I think the rest had too much of a hand on the game. But they, they competed like a motherfucker man. I feel like Cal came in the game and said we gonna pack the paint and make them beat us with they jump shot. I feel like Patino should have did the same thing. He was trying to pressure the ball And You know he was too prideful about it. Like nah I'm gonna play how play Cal outsmarted them bro.


Pack the paint beat us from three. They couldn't hit a three. What? They hit two threes between both teams. Hell They couldn't hit layups. Yeah they could. Yeah it was a bunch of sad people Playing. It was, it was sad basketball. It was a slugfest bro. Bunch of, bunch of sad hoopers man I'm keep it a BI was watching like dude can't nobody make a label. Yeah My boy boogie hurt so I'm gonna give him some blessings but boy they, yeah there was a lot of mis lays for sure man. DJJ Wagner missed like seven letters. Oh God. And he was getting there though. He, I was happy to see him get there And we talked about RJ Lewis boy Man he Was chucking that thing. Hey PTO say yo fell shit that shit outta here. He Was saying put him back in.


I'm like bro do y'all see what he is doing on his court? He is chucking bro. He not even trying to like pass or nothing. You just keep chucking. I took him out too. We talked, we talked about on the podcast it's gonna drop later today. You played for C Perry? I told him that Cali Perry really can't coach. It's not, it's your coach. I'm saying this is my perspective. I say he's not like a good X and old dude 'cause I can call out every one of y'all plays even when y'all play. I used to do two chess little shit and then y'all did it every time down. I used to play, let's play his ass then this they play, I used to call it out. I'm like this is a whack ass play to play. They ran, it was into a pick and roll DJ wagon come off the pin down he go into a pick and roll. They trying to get a switch. It was just a ass Play. Nah, Kyle not an ex and olds guy.


He he, he's not. That's not what he do. He's more of a motivational guy. You know how to get the best outta you. But as far as the playbook, he let his assistant do all that. That ain't his thing. Yeah he just motivate people And that's what we say. He's a goat because he can like handle personalities of all types. It don't matter what background where you from. Listen, he gonna get you to buy in. We gonna lock in, we gonna win and y'all can go to the league. And I've always respected that from him. Yeah, yeah. He know how to make you turn up right. Yeah he he a great manager of men. He that's what it is to buy in. Most definitely because his old game it's filthy. I'm like cow we a different play bro. It's all different type of culture. It's It's bro but but that's why you got your assistant though bro.


That's what you got. Build your team. Yeah Bro. Yeah but I tell a team bro, they all been together so long that they kind of like tibs guys. Like everybody got they thing. Yeah he need like a little new fresh blood in there. Somebody like a little nerd that just got all the plays. 'cause you could tell like if you go like he said you watch ucon and all them. Yeah they got plays. They got some nerve over there. You can be wearing some shit. Cal thing is I'm gonna get the best players and y'all better win this goddamn back said this, I said this yesterday, I said it's a fact he don't write the plays. He just be like look you better be him when you get to this room. You better lo that up there if you don't. Yeah that's literally what he says. Yeah drive it.


He say this is why DJ keep missing layups. Get the ball up on the rim and they'll rebound and tip it back in. But just get the ball on the rim or throw the lob. That's that's what he gonna tell you. Mm. And that's what I'm saying like that's, we gonna need a little more execution stretch Now. You Do. That's what make Hurley and them so good. Yeah they got some fire plays boy. Yeah You kind of had some plays down to stretch that game. Most Definitely. But hey man we talked about it Cal first year on the job we did. Sweet 16. Gotta show respect. Get it done bro. A lot of people said it was over, a lot of people wrote them off. They started off bad. Nothing wrong with sweet 16 man. See The thing about Cal, he had his best when people doing that to him. Okay. Writing him off. That's when he turned up the most bro. That's what make him him. Damn.


So, but he do get some talented players. He got a great eye for talent like so I'm not hating on his coaching style 'cause I would rather coach like Kyle than anybody else. I wish I just had a So you could relax. Yeah, yeah. Hey you better beat him because that's really my style. Let me just get a bunch of people that's cold and look I got three or four plays in my head. That's About it. But it's hard managing all those egos though bro. Year by year. So that's why I put him up in my ranks as one of the top coaches And for me obviously he leaders even he was the ops but he said a trend like we talk about Seth like changing the NBA a Cal Perry changed college basketball And I fuck you guys print on it. I'll fuck with Cal 'cause he said I'm not changing my style.


Yeah I'm gonna keep getting young guys. Yeah I'm not gonna get as many but I'm gonna keep doing this bro. Y'all not about to change what I got going on And it is working shit. It work. Sweet 16. Yeah Come on. Niggas was snitching on him and everything bro. Beat all the allegations man. But now can't be a snowman. But now look at like John Shire. He got good Xs and those though. Do his playbook is filt. He gonna be, he probably gonna be one of the better coaches of all time. He probably gonna go down the hall of Fame if they win a national championship too this Year and they about to win. They look scary. Are You rolling? Yeah I'm rolling bro. Okay. Yeah they look good rolling too. He he one of the coldest white boys to ever lace up a pair of shoes too. Yeah, you Can. Who? Chicago legend.


Alright, so He went at D Rose in high school? Yeah Bro. Yeah he got records in Illinois for sure. What's that question in Super Chat? No. Okay. Biz Kid 96. I know it's earlier coaching career jet. But who do you model your style after any of your former coaches? No now I don't matter. I don't have any of them. What about your attitude? I'm like a Bobby Knight mixed with a who? The coolest dude in the room. I'm like Jwan Howard and Bobby Knight mixed in one J Howard Smack. Nigga I'm saying Sound like I'm As fuck And I get on your ass. Sound like you need therapy.


I'm fresh as hell on a bitch but I get on your ass but hell no I forgot. Hey we need to do a verse. The will Smith slap with the D Harris smack the shit out there in In the handshake line bro. Smack the shit out buddy. Sometimes you forget where you at man. Ain't nothing wrong with that. For sure bitch shout to Juwan Howard can we pull up the sweet 16 match ups please? Alright man we started off, we got Florida, Maryland. How y'all feel about it? I Got Florida. I got Florida going Florida. They got a bunch of big dudes that can guard him. Mm Okay. Scrolling down. We got Texas Tech, Arkansas, Texas Tech.


I'm gonna go Arkansas. I got Texas Tech. Them boys playing hard. Definitely got Kentucky. Yeah Kentucky to the city. Conversation. Hey SEC. Most teams in the tournament I'ma take, I'm gonna take ever I'm gonna take Tennessee Ain't Kentucky. That ain't no hate but Tennessee. Boy that little, that little point guard they got Mid. Yeah. Hate on the movie. Let's go, let's go Kentucky. I ain't saying he caught but the way that little dude play defense. Nah he do. He be locking shit up bro. He do. He do. I'm just what was the SEC defense player of the year? Nah, nah he actually good. He like five. He like five, six. How you the SEC defensive player year five six bro.


Pick up 94. That crazy bro locking shit up. Definitely Got Houston. Houston Purdue. Mm Defund Purdue. I'm sick of it. I'm ready for them to lose. These are two programs that will historically let you down so I don't know how this gonna go but I'm gonna rock with Houston man. Houston off. I'm just a fan of Braden man. I'm gonna take Purdue just off the string I got, I got Houston 'cause I think they gonna trap him all over the court. But You know Braden, Packy bags, Trey, Trey little homie man. He worked out with us all summer so I wanna see him play well. Yeah I wanna see him kill but I got Houston. Alright. How's the game Auburn and Michigan? I'm taking Auburn man. I'm fuck with, I got Auburn. Yeah I got Michigan.


Okay. I'm two I two big guys. They guy about to kill Broome. What's his name? This is about Right around the time where Auburn Get beat. Yeah, Auburn started. Yeah them In Houston. It's about They time. I see that's shit. Sure we get disappointed in Auburn right here. Yeah, big break Michigan bro. Okay. Duke, Arizona. Oh Dukey. I'm going Arizona. Duke All the Way for some reason Caleb love gonna have a moment. He Gonna have a moment. He he always have moments Gets Duke too but he always had moments. That's cool. But yeah gimme Duke. Yeah everybody. Caleb love Kevin Love Duke and fool.


Johnny Love Kevin. Love Caleb love Duke. Duke till Lee Crazy. I got Arizona though. Okay. First if Caleb loves we Duke 30 and Beat Duke. Nah Duke that he going first round. Duke got that other shooter on their team too. That's called Proctor. Proctor. He got a burner, A dumb burner squad To make a shot And Then Bobo on the team Too. Nah, he good there. He good though. They center real good And We about beat Center. The bench is good. They have a whip problem with the dreads got the little fro he got a little fro.


Oh yeah? Yeah they come in so good too but nah they ain't got nothing for Arizona boys. Them boys about to play free. They don't. They supposed to lose. Y'all got Cooper flag facts. Oh they ain't playing with house money boy. They about to go out here and kill. They about be about 20. I can't wait to see the, the odds on that game for sure. We got BYU Alabama. I'm going with Bama. I like they both can score. Oh that might be the, I'm fucking with BU. That might be the best game of the night right there though. Okay. It is. I like BYU they might score a hundred plus. Yeah because Alabama will like not play defense at the right time. Yeah. So game I'm going with Bama though. BYU They shoot that ball. They do Bama do too though.


They do. Hey You know it's crazy. We always clown have been paying all their money to AJ Vanessa to pull up just for a rental. But you got your program going to the sweet 16 before you get here. Hey that might solidify them as a place for people to pull up. For real. Yeah. They ain't going make it next year. BYU. Yeah. AJ ain't gonna C 16. Nah he's finna come shoot every shot. They about to be first round. They gonna lose the conference tournament, make the tournament. He gonna average 25 in college. Hell nah. He gonna try. He gonna get And that's not good for BYU. That's not how they play. I'm saying He had the opportunity to do that. Nah, he's not gonna kill like that 25 in college. You gotta be Kevin. I ain't gonna lie. He he nice but the way he play is not, he play the right way.


He don't play like a bogus way. Yeah. Like You know what I mean? Like if you watch him play. Yeah he kind of, You know he a star. He do fans, he do star shit sometimes. Yeah but he don't play like a bogus way. Like where you gonna see a dude shoot 40 times? Yeah okay. He be passing the ball. Shit. Aging 25 is crazy in college. Yeah you I'm just saying he getting that he getting 7 million or whatever he getting. Yeah he's Supposed to. They paid for 25. Yeah 20 but 25. 25 in college is ridiculous. Like you, you gotta be kept direct. You like literally. Yeah unbelievable. Average of 20 as a freshman. You code you super nice nasty. You super nice For sure. Alright, let's go back to the averaging 16 nasty. You go back to the bracket Police Ole Miss Michigan State.


That is an ugly game. I like Ole Miss though but I'm going with Michigan. Michigan State. I got Michigan State going to the four. Yeah I like Michigan State. I'm fuck with my boys on offense bro. At Michigan State for sure. It is on time. Yeah. When Tom get this close he fuck around going win this time. He get to that Final four and ole Miss of the final four just don't sound right. Nah, just don't they need to go run the ball or something. It just don't sound right Bro. That's crazy man. Hey shout out to my boy Michael or man I About say shout the ball side. That's what y'all need to do. We always celebrate him on this show. Oh. Misses sound like they run football. Y'all. Y'all Fried. They made a hell of a run. I Shout to Y We never had Ole Miss the sweet 16.


What? Anybody bet on them at the beginning of the year in Vegas. You hit a lick. You Should be up Me if Ole Miss offered me a scholarship outta high school bro. I say no no way. If that was my only offer Y we play Corner. Nah Y y y'all only offer. Y ain't going to old Miss. Yeah nah but I ain't, it's weird. Yeah it's D one major conference would. I would've waited it out. Ole Miss, Ole Miss or Ion. I'm going Ole Miss Miss Ion what? Ion D three or something. I Ole Miss put some smart on Marion. You NDD two. I got Ole Miss Miss thank you never picked up. I'm saying I fucked up. I'm sorry. Shout out to Marion Ole Miss or I-E-P-U-Y. Come on man. Like y gotta gimme something a little more familiar Ole Miss or like Debate.


No I'm saying like Old Miss or like like say nigga go to the league bro. Ole say Old Miss or Xavier Ole Miss or like Jordan Mason. No hell no. You can't say Ole Miss or Xavier bro. I Xavier. Yeah I'm saying when we came out Xavier was in Atlantic 10 but that's a basketball school. Ole Miss or Coastal Carolina. Oh That's too low. I'm saying you gotta say something Coast Carolina's as you gotta say something. I don't even know Ole Miss or right state. I think my homeboy coach at Coach Carolina Lil what's her name that went to Tech Go there and play football. Oh yeah? Yeah. Hold on. Yeah, yeah she Justin it is not. That's my guy. He went to court. No just compare college. She ain't Go there Don. Yeah, Yeah, yeah Yeah.


Shout out to them man. What was you gonna pulled up? Shout to Old Miss. Yeah Justin Ger is the coach. Okay my bad. Justin. Y'all not chance to JG bro. Pick Somebody else bro. Different school Nebraska. You go dj. They both terrible. Both for I gotta get a Football. I'm gonna to ole Miss Bro. I I'm playing in the SEC bro. It really don't matter. I'm playing In the SEC bro. Y'all crazy. Alright. I don't play against Lee Talent And I get somebody tell they go to Nebraska you ain't you. He probably cool, You know what I'm saying? No that's fine. Sonick say I'm gonna miss you. That Supposed go. I believe he did too but I, I be like damn you play football. I swear that's the first thing I would say. No bro. Who that's respectful like some respect Bro.


I I be like damn what position you play corner? Ah Bro. Point guard center bro. Well somebody Yeah you a Bruiser. No I'm shouts Ole Miss bro. Shouts old Miss. Hey is Trey Stewart outta pocket for this load? Load the clip please. Who? Trey Stewart BYU at the game. That was fire. Swear to God that shit Made me so hype. It was it wasn't out. Nah it clock went went off. I was the counted to the clock went off already and people expensive him for doing this. Probably ripped my jersey off. I woulda did that bro. Yeah. Oh the Mac And I Ripping off. Why was they mad? Because they won game like that's a sportsman like like y'all already won the game.


Now you show about fuck y'all throw that bitch up game man. It was a close game. He Go to BYU he can't get no ass. He at least gotta get hyped bro. Damn that's fair. If he gotta go soak, I get to do that for Forgot Yeah My boy earned a soak co session. Yeah he went soaking, soaking. My girl gonna have to understand. I just threw it off the glass had hey that Shit was fire. Oh y'all are fried man. Super shit Assy. Y'all see Mario Tramer pull up undercover to get some runs at the black top. Have you ever done something like that? I don't know what that is. Basically he just Scott that shit Joe Johnson was doing too. Yeah like scouts himself and somebody else in Go Hoop.


Oh Okay. Mario Tramer did that? Yeah he was catfishing people playing basketball apparently. Oh okay, Okay. You just want hoop Y'all Uncle Drew facts? Yeah one of the best campaigns. Cool. Joe Johnson been out there Hooping. I'm gonna tell you Jeff do that shit. I'm on his ass about that. What shit your life man Content bro. Some content. I'm not dressing up for him basketball understand it now. Oh. That's the shit they be writing me about. I'm not doing that shit. Why much money y'all paying me? Because y'all get views and y'all get paid off YouTube talk about it. Who y'all think gonna win a 1 0 1 though Lance or Beasley? Y'all been seeing that? Yeah We talk. I Michael Beasley. Yeah Beasley. But Lance got a good shot.


Oh Yeah, fuck with Lance. Be is different though. Yeah Professional score bro. That's all he'd been trained for his whole life that see I just don't, I just don't wanna write off Lance that fast. Nah, Nah Lance a bucket is tough But Beasley Different because that nigga's strong too bro. He can get to the Cub Beasley's Six nine though. No but he still got Guard him too. Look at, look at this chat from the super chat K one B. Cool. Can y'all talk about how crazy sports is for Youth Ref? This is my second time having to put hands to somebody. Parent becomes the man in their household. You out here whooping family. You want The nigga daddy and slid on his mama. Hey fifth grade. Hey you better stay Lowkey K one. Yeah. Yeah.


What Fuck Go shoot you to they shoulders fall outta sock nigga. Nigga gonna sign you in. Best choice of you better stop playing with people. You supposed to be. I told y'all that U shit is different. They be too. They be too hype about they kids in fourth, third grade. Yeah like bro he might not grow like chill Bro. He might not even wanna hoop next year. Relax, he might get to seventh grade and realize I'm sad. Yeah I wanna play tennis. I want to be a bodybuilder. This weak ass movie I seen. I just wanna get on the hose and chill. What's that movie called? I've seen Magazine Dreams. Worst movie I ever seen in my life man. Oh magazine Dreams What Man, bad movie out to June 1st Body Builder.


Bad movie man. Bad movie. Five 20 movie reviews baby people trying to say what was over my head but oh Love Ass. It's over your head Now you that shit trash as fuck. My nigga trash. I still fake woke motherfucker. I can't stand them boy. I ain't gonna go in on the show today but that triggered me right there. A fake woke motherfucker. Boy we can move on. This is a sports show For sure.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are With all the new ways to get in on action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA, you compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player. Props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus bets instantly take it to the wrack with Draft King Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on Draft Kings The Crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method to send the money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Yo, what's good? It's Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast. Here to share some fresh takes on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the only official hamburger of March Madness. I've been checking out the brackets the last couple of days And I really look forward to a couple. First round matchups, ucon, Oklahoma McNeese. Stay Birch Clemson. In terms of the teams with a shot to win the whole thing, I really think St. John's has a chance. Coach Rick Patino who's won two national championships already with a pedigree like his, he can take his team to the top. Now if you're looking for a upset, like I said, I'll take McNee State over Clemson. They have a really strong defense. They create turnovers and Clemson struggles against pressure also. Another upset alert could be Xavier over Illinois. Xavier fought their way into the tournament by booming a playin game And I think they have some scores off the bench and some stars in our team that can really get it done. Stay tuned for more from me for the next couple of weeks. And while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast food Gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can grab a junior bacon and cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an end app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger, $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official Hamburger Marsh Madness.


Hey everyone, welcome back to Bachelor. Happy hour. I'm Joe. And I'm Serena. And we are here with the iHeart Music Awards and Davids Bridal who Are sponsoring this podcast And we are so grateful to them. Thank you. Thank you for finishing my sentence. And we are here with our favorites Ton and charity. Where Were you in bikinis? In the Snow, Montana. Okay. She flew out and joined you guys. Yeah. Isn't It cold? No it was we Bi bikinis in the snow Risk. Risk. Getting hypothermia for those photos. Wow. Yeah, they were sick Though. I don't get bikinis in the snow If like, just like an aesthetic. I dunno. Thank You. If him And I did that, if we did like Speedos in the snow, you guys would be like douche bags. I Would. Well Speedos in Snow would be hilarious.


I would be like, let's see it. Come on. I would not complain here. I beg him to do stuff like that. He's like nah, That's gonna be the name of this podcast. Episode Bachelor, happy Hour. Speedo in the Snow. David's Bridal. If you're listening, David Bri Sponsored By Shift Your Branding a little bit. Sponsored by David Bri Bridal Speedo in the snow Room Wear. Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some golf and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower.


All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda BNIs. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Y App, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira. An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Cadillac. The ads b y u shoots worse than Bama. Rebounds worst internship.


Baltimore is curtains for them. Soakers. Alright. Sounds like a Baba fan. Respect y'all go run the ball too. I would've, I wouldn't have went to Alabama eating. Never like Man y'all crazy. Never For sure man. Alright, let's get to it's football schools bro. 'cause well I no more shit. They did the right thing. They got it all over for sure. All, let's get this NBA action. The Nuggets snapped. The Rockets nine game win streak. One 16 and one 11. Jamal Murray been going crazy. He had 39 at seven. Yo did not play yesterday. NPJ didn't matter. He had 17 and nine. Jaylen Green had 30 and five. Jay Go had 17, 14 and 10. Trippy Dove for show. Hey man they get, You know they get the dub without yo his fourth game back.


But Ma Murray looking like he back to that. That one we saw win the championship. Yeah, that's why it's getting scary. Yeah, They need him to play like that bro. When he that they contender always. Do you think they can win? Nah, not this year. But when he playing like that and Yogi playing like that, they a contender bro. You don't think they got a shot at all? They got a shot 'cause they got the best player in the NBA. But yeah, I, I don't think they gonna win. Let's go to the standing leagues and Western conference to see where they at. Oh you talking about enough on here The matchups right there at three. Damn They could I I could see them get to the conference bundles 'cause if it stays as is, You know what I'm saying? They could get the Rockets, You Know what I'm saying?


They got, they definitely got a shot they got. I think they, yeah I think they can too. Mm Yeah it's crazy how far ahead the Thunder are than the Rockets. That's crazy man. That's a hell of a year about a Thunder boy. They hooped. They Did all that. I hate, I hate they ain't gonna make the finals. They all that not to win. That's the messed up part is they have a historic season. Everybody like Yeah it is cute. But yeah it's gonna get quiet because in The playoffs they not gonna give Shay all them fouls bro. They not gonna call foul every time for You for that. I'm still root for my dogs man. I feel that. I'm just saying they not gonna win bro. Mm. You think he gonna get a different whistle or I think he got the superstar whistle that's gonna translate.


No, He gonna get some calls but not as much as he gets a lot of foul calls bro. He does. I'm really impressed by the Lakers though. I ain't gonna hold you and That's who I don't like them against. Jj. JJ Reddick Bro. Hell of a job. He got good exs those too man. Got show respect. Well Niggas compare. JJs trying to say Darvin Ham was a better coach at the beginning of the year. Y'all remember that? Who said that? The the world. They said Darvin Ham was better than JJ Red. Look At JJ Reddick. Look at Darvin Ham at this point. Oh but the record the same Niggas trying to put that sweat on jj. Ah Shout out Darwin Hill bro. That's my man. Shout out to Darvin Hill up there chilling with Doc man up there chilling with Doc but the Rockets not games in a row.


They got back to two. I know they got quiet for a minute. Thompson Twin Woods out. But I think they gonna be a tough out. I think You know everybody counted 'em out early. I know it's a lot of veteran teams at the end of the west but I don't think the rockers just gonna go out easily man. They got a nice team for sure. Especially young. I think they gonna have a hell of a first round matchup. I think they can win a first round but that second round I don't think they gonna get past any of those veteran groups. Yeah but they got a bright future. Most definitely. Could they get the timber wolves? Yeah. Okay. Yeah That'd be a fun series. Could they get the Clippers? Yeah they could. Yeah they could. It depend on which, which claw show up. Yeah I just believe in James Harden That that too.


You got quiet and James. I don't know about that one For sure. Hey man, shout out to them. Let's move on to us. Speaking of Thunder, they gotta win yesterday. No six game win streak took care of the Clippers 1 0 3 to 1 0 1 SGA at 26 yesterday. But he shot horribly from the field. He went seven for 29. Damn that Har had 14 and 10. Kauai Hooped out yesterday 25 and 10 and James Hart had 17 and eight. Hey man they get to Dub yesterday. No Jalen no check. That's what I'm saying. They figured out ways to win. That's what I'm saying. I don't know about the Clippers bro. Yeah, that's the game you gotta win. Gotta win that bro. Okay. Especially missing two of they killers Gotta win that and that's G shooting seven, You know what I'm saying?


Yeah he broke as hell. Y'all gotta win that. Yeah that's yeah 24%. 4% is crazy. But he still had, he still killed. That's the crazy part. Still had 26 he shot nasty. All free Throws but all free throws. That's why I just said it bro. I'm telling you The real foul merchant for show. And it's funny 'cause everybody get mad. You see all the coaches coming out like hey you can't guard this man 1111 free throw line. How they used to do James Harden bro. Put him on that line. Yeah. Make shit way to knock on free throws down though. Fucker Do listen fast. Boys definitely do smoke them for sure. Yeah. Shout to James Harden no 11th all time pass Moses Malone. 27 K points.


Boy climb it up. Who? Who has to be the number one option for the Clippers to Mexican noise in the playoffs? Kawa Kauai Leonard. Kauai Len. Okay. Do you think that'll change in the playoffs? Nah, Kauai Leonard always have great playoffs but I mean they gotta get there. Okay. But yeah we talked about the scene. Your boy Big zoo, he shows up. Nah I love him. Yeah I love Big My boy and Peasy starting to come back. You know he had a rough game yesterday but they'll be okay. The Clippers be all right. My boy B Simmons is hooping yesterday four for five. I aint he did but my boy look crazy out there. Hey I ain't like that. They show hey come on. He had eight points, seven rebounds.


I ain't look y'all know I celebrate my boy bro. We gotta, You know, I mean the bullshit is the bullshit bro. I mean wanna break beer stone Like his back hurt. I'm off when that front trash bro half? Yeah Ben, Ben that's crazy. In Philadelphia. That was a two hand duck at one point. That's crazy man. Shit. Shout to my boy Ben man. He not Really been Hurt bro. He moved like he hurt. Yeah For sure bro. Nah he was hurt bro. For Sure. Everybody ran with the jokes and everybody ran with the narrative but I definitely believe he was really hurt. He was hurt bro. For sure.


Give You don't just get that sad bro. He was hurt bro because He was even Allstar bro. He was silly bro. I thought To be LeBron bro. No way. He's hurt For sure man. Get Well Soon to the Clippers. Boston gets another dub yesterday 1 29 and one 16 over the Blazers. JT went crazy. 39 to nine. Sam Houser eight for 10 from three with 24 points. Jayden Sharp Hooped out with 23 after times had 15 random games like that from the role players from Celtics. Man lets the, nobody gonna win another championship 'cause Sam House just half quarter but he don't miss. Yeah they on the road to the finals. Yes. Sha Sharp is cold. I was watching him, he's nasty. He caught A Uber last night that was so crazy.


Some of my favorite teams, he's A killer. I that's probably one of my favorite teams. What are most athletic players in the, in the league too For sure by Far We talk about them. What's a young player you just like see the draft rock out with Port last year? Mo Damn, I don't know. You got Dylan, you got your boy from Maryland? Nah, they draft another big in Portland. Somebody gets fired. Fever Flag. You got Ace. Who else they have Lottery Maybe Ace Bailey? I don't know. Mm They already got Sha Sharp. They didn't let my boy rock out. I'm I, I just don't like the Blazers at all.


That's, I don't really know Them. I'm gonna go with Dylan Harper And I would like him to be out there but they probably gonna be too high. You done with Scoop? Yeah, me and Scoot. Me and Scoot moved on. Jeremiah Fierce. I like him. Jeremiah Fierce would be nice out there for sure. Yeah they need a point guard. A exciting point Guard. That's why I ain't say no point guard. I ain't know if boys was over with school. Yeah It is over. Yeah it is. Them school need to be Like You know who your mama is? Davion Mitchell Just play defense lock up. Not even that school. I mean school can get to the basketball like just need to be that six man row. I know Davion's starting out there wherever he at right now.


But I don't think they look at him as a franchise. Pg Where he at right now? He's in Miami. Yeah. I don't think I, I know they don't look at him as the franchise pg Ain't nothing wrong with I ain't hating but yeah I just see like they gonna be good six man like school could be, it could be like Dennis Schroder almost. Yeah You know start well thinking The point guard. Go get fierce bro. I like him bro. He nice. Yeah we talk very high. Him on the show. He's a dog. I Like him. I can see that. Him coming off the bench being a really, really playing high minutes. He is being a good contributor that way. Yeah. Getting by 14, 13, 14 points off the bench. Good energy come in being an X factor. Be aggressive player game being aggressive game. Yeah. Yeah our run for sure. Listen JT one of the most insistent players especially over the last five years.


At some point are we gonna get a MVP candidate for him? He gonna get MVP man. Nah he ain't gonna never, he never have to do enough to be MVP. Hmm Because his team is so well balanced and so good right now he never gonna have a MVP his, his stats gonna be MVP quality but we're never gonna feel that 'cause they got so many quality players. Like you said you see Sam Houser go eight for 10 then one game is gonna be Zenga come back and get 28. Jts still gonna have 25, 28 points but it ain't gonna mean as much to us. 'cause even though the critics, whoever watching it because they team so well balanced even though he's still averaging 27. That's weak though. That's weak. It is not fair MVP Bro. That's weak.


It's not fair. I'm killing bro. And I'm winning. That's supposed to be a MVP. I'm on the best team And I'm Killing But then you got Jalen Brown what? Jalen Brown Average Probably 24. Yeah Jalen Brown. You got Jalen Brown averaging probably 24, 25 All Star then you still got Perus. Y'all cannot hold it against me. That my team 2223. Yeah 23 game. Yeah we it they holding it against them 'cause they no they are got so many quality players they Are but that's fucked up like I am killing And I win bro. What more do y'all want? Ain't that the MVP bro? It is. I shit I wish you won the MVPI. You right Though.


They is holding That shit against me. They gonna hold it against him. Yeah. Real simple playing man. Shout to JT here. Why everybody else that's in that. You all right you are? Yeah I can't damn nigga can't have Sinuses. Nigga was tweaking. Nah nigga fucking no niggas weather changed. Hey man without Malcolm Music Rubb off on you. Malcolm's playing NY Music. We walked in thought got you activated nigga said Slack. Nah niggas talking like I'm on that cane. I don't like that. I don't like that. I know y'all energy on this show. Y'all had these people thinking I'm on that cane.


Oh love the show. Oh y'all fry. Hey alright man. Did he snap a 10 game loose His streak damn 10 games The heat is out of pocket. They started Dam Mitchell bro. But if You know what it's turned up. He gonna say that. I told you that. Shout to wig 1 42 Wig we're crazy yesterday 42. It ain't no hate bro. I'm just saying You know they not in that mode right now bro. You talking about they on a ticket Game. Hey Star buddy. That is funny man. Bro I go to the stat Bobby Heat gave please.


Oh I don't even know if he played last night but I know he was been a big star. We know that's supposed to be Terry or whatever. He, You know he had some good give us some permanently. He had some shit going on. Shout to my dog. Can I go to the stats? What? Who'd they star last night? Damon? Mitchell definitely started. He played 35 minutes. Okay, what he do last night? 12. And what that ain't bad game. Hell no. That that's, that's a cool game. Which y'all playing in the Hornets. Hey listen Wigs had 42 yesterday and Taro had 29. Wasn't number used some help. Yeah bro. Deal go to his stats this year. I ain't, this is not to kill Damion bitch. I actually like him. Yeah, all right move on. My boy was stuck in Toronto. Get Well Soon man.


He keeps saying I ain't trying to kill him. He keep killing me bro. I'm not killing him bro. I'm just saying like that. That can't be your star and point guard. Nah in this day Am I lying? Nah lying. You right. Seven is crazy for my starter. It's insane. I'm not hating bro. He you better than me right now bro. Swear to God you'll kill me. He handle it. Pat Rally don't care right now he just trying to make it you. That's what I'm saying. So we gotta find Miami a guard 'cause my, the basketball world is better on Miami Heat or T Facts For sure. And right now what's that? What they ranked? Not at all actually they lost 10 in a row. Yeah bro they're Free ba They didn't play. Yeah free baly, that's You know rap. You know that's how You know the east is trash bro.


He is 11 games bro. And you still have a chance bro. Yeah the east is won. He's Gotta stop talking to me about this east side Shit bro. East is trap we lose 10 in and still be good bro. I still got a chance. I always talk about the top four teams Denise. Everybody else is wherever they can be. That is crazy bro. They go on a five game win streak. They they in the, they in a five game win streak. They turn around. How Mitchell bro you can turn this shit around bro. Get paid man bro. Turn up bro. Fucking nightmare. What they call niggas could have Went on vacation for 10 games bro. It Night off. Yeah guard off guard off night, off night.


I said night off He can't guard though.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method to send the money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast here to share some fresh takes on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the only official hamburger of March Madness. I've been checking out the brackets the last couple of days And I really look forward to a couple first round matchups UCON versus Oklahoma McNeese. Stay Birch Clemson In terms of the teams with a shot to win the whole thing, I really think St. John's has a chance. Coach Rick Patino, who's won two national championships already with a pedigree like his, he can take his team to the top. Now if you're looking for a upset, like I said, I'll take McNee State over Clemson. They have a really strong defense. They create turnovers and Clemson struggles against pressure also. Another upset alert could be Xavier over Illinois. Xavier fought their way into the tournament by booing a playing game And I think they have some scores off the bench and some stars in nor team that can really get it done. Stay tuned for more from me for the next couple of weeks. And while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast food gotta be. Wendy's right Now. You can grab a Junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again, head to Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger, $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official Hamburger Marsh Madness.


Hey everyone, welcome back to Bachelor Happy hour. I'm Joe. And I'm Serena. And we are here with the iHeart Music Awards and David's Bridal Who are sponsoring this podcast And we are so grateful to them. Thank you. Thank you for finishing my sentence. And we are here with our favorites Ton and charity. Where Were You in bikinis? In the Snow, Montana. Okay. She flew out and joined you guys. Yeah. Yeah. Isn't it Cold? No, it was We Well it's bikinis in the snow Risk. Getting hypothermia for those photos. Wow. Yeah. They were sick though. I don't get bikinis in the snow. It's like, just like in aesthetic. I dunno. Thank You. If him And I did that, if we did like Speedos in the snow, you guys would be like Douch bags. No, I would, well Speedo in the snow would be hilarious. Like I would be like, let's see it. Come on. I would not complain here for, I beg him to do stuff like that. He's like, no. That's gonna be the name of this podcast. Episode Bachelor, happy Hour. Speedo in the Snow. David's Bridal if you're listening, David Bridal Been Sponsored by Should Your branding A little Sponsored by David Bridle. Davids Bridal, Speedos in the snow Room Wear.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports Reporter and host. You forgot to say All my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you Spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like. Plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yapp. Tune to our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


What did the horns do to off season? Nothing. Nothing. Get Cooper Flag. Trey Lalo. Get a new team. Fuck they gotta do everything over. Damn. Give us to the hoarders. Don't do that to Cooper Flag man. He don't need to be a part of that bullshit man. He don't really Mellow is the most unserious basketball player in the league. He doesn't give a fuck bro. But he be killing but he shoot anything he wanna shoot. He's having a ball bro. I lead the league in one legs bro. Respect me. Yeah, he don't give, they got, they got a move. He he great. He a super great talent. Oh He's amazing. But he don't Give a fuck if you get Cooper flag, you gotta move on from Lalo. And I ain't saying that like Lalo not nasty.


He's not nice. Nasty. But you can't. It is that gotta be Cooper Flag team now we need that energy. No. Yes. Send him somewhere where he can compete. For real Now not get Coopering the Durag. We need to see, we need to see Lalo on a good team bro. Yeah, with some real, You know So can lock some real people around him. Respect Super chat ass Jet. Would you rather see Cody retained or he'll seen or break the record at WrestleMania? We know this is scene her last year so Nah, I let Cody retain. Okay. I'm let John go out on his, You know what I mean? Yeah because he ain't gonna do no more.


Like what else he gonna do, John seen? Nah, I'm cool. Okay. He Cody man shout out to Kobe, beat his ass Cody with two reasons. Y'all think JR Holiday is better than Chris Paul? Nah, nah, I'm saying yeah I am too bro. Give Drew Holiday. I mean Chris Paul is better. Gimme me holiday career bro. Nah, that's a champion. Gimme gimme Chris Paul career. Yeah. Hell nah. Gimme Drew bro. Man shit. Chris Paul. Chris Paul is is really good. His Chris crazy too. Chris Paw is his Chris He is bro.


Top 20 something thousand points. Top five in Steels, top five in the sis. I mean Chris Paul's better. I want, I won with two franchises. Yeah That's cool. The ball's better. I mean I Was a effective. Yeah They two different players though nigga. My name is Cliff and Chris. That Ain't tight. That just be, he a star bro. That's some ho ass shit. He, he made a whole nother personality bro. Never stingy with the Ho. Were to Cliff and Chris Cliff is like a no bitch shit. So I'm cool. I'm I'll take that. I'll take Chris shout The Kanye.


See That was Cliff, That nigga, he's the first step. The first step on Kel, Steve and Stefan. Man, shout to Chris Paul though. Hell of a pg, Pg CP three man. What best To Do it. Yeah, legend. Hell Yeah. I take his career though. Yeah, I mean Mean fuck it. Yeah Kelly was either way. I mean they both made a lot of money through Holiday man. What Chris? Probably like a 12 time All Star, some shit like that. Yeah, Chris. Chris Paul Accolades are Im no they were, Yeah, ridiculous. I'm more, I'm more individual. They're ridiculous. I'm more of a individual award winner.


Shit. That's shit Be real. Real. It depend on how you look at it. Anybody could win a championship. They ain't gonna be a part of it. Like he was. He was effective. I'm not saying he wasn't. He very, he very much so was he was bro. Anybody could be part of a championship. No disrespect to Robert Horry. Robert Horry got seven of 'em things. He had some big ass shots. Not saying you didn't, I'll talk a lot of shit. If I Was Robert Horman I would too. You know what I would say, alright, I'm 15 time Allstar average 26 point. Well I won seven championship. Well you play with fucking Shaq and Kobe Bro. I still won. You play with Tim Dunk you turn on tv. They gonna have my big ass shot on A highlights though. That's cool. I got, I got a ring too.


They gotta holler at me looking at Giannis. Alright, Well somebody didn't win the championship. Who career y'all taking? James Harden or Chris PS? James Harden. I won MVP James Harden. That's more comparable. I was 35 bro. I won an MVP so Far. It's like individuals. I was The best player in the league at one point. True. Yeah I comparing him to Drew is Yeah. Is different. It is just way different bro. No because not the same winning boss. Not the same bro. I'm a winner And you loser and your whole career is about, I said Your whole career is about you winning. Yeah, He does make teams better. But he, him don't got no chip bro. I mean I ain't never really played on a good ass team. I had James Hardt in one year And I tore my Hamstring. Nah ka their Clippers team fire.


They were supposed to win. No they wasn't. Yes they was bro. So what was so Fire about that Sold on him though? They was supposed to win. They had two niggas. They had two big man couldn't shoot. Oh. Blake Griffin was Deandro. Jordan Didn't make a freak though. Blake Griffin was couldn't shoot at that time. Locked There. Blake was the animal bro. JJ Reddick was a good piece on that team bro. That was a fire put together team. Nah bro. They was winning 50 games. They was winning 50 games every year. It was a good team. I just never Sold, Our team was fired. We had one 50. They was supposed to beat the Warriors bro. They smoked that serious. They Was not supposed to beat the Warriors. They Was up. They Could be up. They weren't supposed to beat them. Mm Oh they let them niggas come all the way back bro. Yeah. Alright. Dunk What? Put together team. They lost.


They were supposed to win. They was supposed to win the The Clippers. They was supposed to win Bro. I say they had the team to win. Yeah but Clippers, nah, nobody really ever believed that For sure. Good question for sure. But I wish we made the championship and play the Clippers. I would've been super confident. Cool. You would've been confident. What The Hawks? Yes Man. Hell no. Well we used to smoke it About hell no The play. Hell no. It's crazy bro. They could Bro. They couldn't shoot the Hawks. Could've did they thing they just ran to bro. Bro. Bro, they couldn't shoot bro. That's it. Think about that. They could Was a good team bro. They Coulda beat the Clippers. That Was a good team bro. That been a good Series bro. Bro, they couldn't shoot bro. It would've been a good series. They had JJ Reddick and Jamal, that's it.


Everybody else was asleep. It would've been a boring series but it would've been good. Yeah, for sure. It would've been boring motherfucker. But respect. Let's get the last night games for show. Piston took care of the IESs yesterday. 1 36 to one 30. CJ McCone were crazy yesterday with a 40 ball. Jalen Dur had 22 and 12 for sure. The cast beat the jazz belt to ass situation for sure. Your boy stretch. Jerry Allen had 18 to six. Don Mitchell had 16. They ain't played too many minutes 'cause they kicked they ass. The Hawks beat the 76 ERs yesterday. Trey Young went crazy with 28 and 12. Your boy playing grs nigga. 26 6. I seen him and my boy talking bad to each other. And George Minivan out of pocket.


He Hating. Yeah, hating said you be in the corner. Yeah. Dang. You Be in the corner On every, matter Of fact, go in the corner. I'm about to rock out. Yeah, Like damn why you coming at Quinn like that bro? Nah, Quinn Grs is starting to guard now. Move over Tyrese. Nah we ain't doing that. Guess bro. He scored just as good bro. Not doing, just look At my stats bro. When y'all let me, when y'all play through me, I'm getting he average damn 25. He is killing bro. He is hooping bro. You say move over to Ty. Max's very Disrespectful. It Yeah, No disrespect Max but man Max shooting 30 shots a game when everybody was out shouldn't Have got hurt. 'cause now I feel like this, I'm out here killing. No, Do your thing Bro.


But like Now you got real Bro. So you can leave bro. Bring you gotta, bro. Get up outta here because I'll be back. You gotta bring your shot attempts down bro. If I'm here bro you, you can't shoot 30 no more. It gotta be like 21. I like them together though. Like pause. But I, I think they'll be cool Together bro. They gotta be like 20 shots now for Tyres. Damn. That's crazy. Cool. Grime's doing shit And then Bring Buddy with the nails off the bench. Yeah Sure Will be back too. I like Like That. They gotta put Trey, they got a amnesty Paul George or something. Man Have to, they still got that? Yeah I Don't if they used it already but yeah probably They still have it. Yeah they probably can get some, they probably can trade for Paul George. I don't know who gonna take that shit but damn man give us something.


You got Trey Paul, George Quentin Grounds needs to grow as a player on man. And it's crazy that all the teams he left really could use him. Every one of them. That's scary. Spurs beat the rappers yesterday. Belt a ass situation. 1 23 to 89. De IL went crazy with 25 and six. OG. Harrison Barnes had 22. Alright man, we got some games tonight. Wanna see how y'all feel about him? First we got T, wolves, a Pacers, t, Wolves, Pacers, disrespectful. See what happened last time we played y'all. I'm go with the Pacers. Let's go Pacers. We up Lakers at Magic. I The magic. I like the magic. Okay, I'm gonna go Magic. Please win rappers at Wizards. Soak go to sleep. Yeah, I'm cool. Mavs at Nets.


So Mav soak again. Cut the grass. 76 ERs at Pelicans Pal again go to sleep. Bulls at Nuggets, Nuggets, Nuggets. Bulls. Bulls win games And we don't pick them in. It is been proven the last three weeks. I don't know why but they just be winning. Shit. I'm gonna run out with the Bulls. Bucks at Sons Bucks. Bucks. Sons been playing better though. Get Well Soon. That's crazy. I'm gonna go Bucks and then Celtics at Kings Celtics. Celtics. Celtics, Celtics. Alright. Verified Buckets be here. Who was getting toured over the weekend? Oh dang. I would choose him but I had to see the name. Yeah I can't, I can't rock with him.


I got daughters. CJ McCullum with the 40 Ball. Oh Josh Giddy. R Giddy. Yeah I do y'all thing. 15, 17, 10 or eight. Crazy. I ain't gonna lie. He got that's a fire stat line. He be killed. Never had quadruple double. That is that is killing Ace. Still scraped dude. Goy. Yeah you was not Shout a giddy man. You verify Bucket on this show today. Today Sure man. I'm a right out with Jamal Murray 39, 7 my boy. Man hooping I'm gonna take JT 39, 9 getting it done Last but certain, not least. Wiggins went crazy yesterday. 42 man. Got show some love to wig. Alright, be here. Get Well Soon man.


It's a lot on this list man. I'm gonna take Get Well Soon. OG Alex r Dunking on him on Saturday. Alex r got a highlight Finally. Hey Lil baby boom. He had the quietest number two pick year I ever heard in my life. Man I forgot about him. I forgot he was even in a league. I forgot all about him. So because you have him, if Washington gets no more pic, do you not get Cooper fla? Yeah, betray him. Yeah, you gotta go. This ain't working out Year one. Yeah, year one. I ain't this. You gotta go James Wiseman. Damn. Move on.


Gotta go. That's tough. That's tough. Would you rather see him with Washington or in Charlotte? I don't wanna see him go to either one of 'em. I either want his career to be pretty good. I do, but those are possibilities And I would hate to see them on tv. Either one of them franchises right now. But if, if Lalo there, that'd be exciting. B Mill. I love Brandy Miller. I like him in Charlotte more than I would Washington. Facts. It'd be fun, but I don't know bro. Mike ugly. Flip a coin. Same thing For sure. Mike going to Luca. Yeah. What Luca do he feel? Nah, he he was a victim.


Oh. Come bow. Hey. Ooh, why Don White Crown Bow Bow? That was tough. Hey Kendall. GI said that's Cooper Flagg already in the league right there. Mm. He supposed to be number one pick He good. Wow. Yeah. That's tough though. That was nice. Nah, him and Josh, somebody on that bench stood up. Look at him. Ooh, somebody forgot who team they was on. They stood up so Oh, oh, oh. Sit your ass down. You better go to the bathroom nigga. Fuck wrong with you. Oh shit. Tee. Who you got? Shit, Get Well Soon.


Go to my damn nephew. A thousand percent Malcolm Performance in New York City. Malcolm had a, he went over 15 in New York. The real rj, the boy left his wallet on the plane. Yeah, Get to the hotel. The boy don't realize he ain't got his wallet for four hours. Boy. He can't get in the room. He is sitting on DJ floor for half a day. They go into the stores. All he got is his camera can't buy nothing and Might as well work. Then we pull up the next day.


He got by the boy Mike Bump bed. He thought he had a room to himself, Mike, on the balcony. So now Mike did pulled the, what you He slept on the, he slept on the floor. I don't know what they, they they Had two twins in there. Oh, two twin beds. Yeah. Guy, I be shitty. I come in my Room. Mike got six Kids and Mike got his shirt off on my balcony with his hands looking at the view. And then they was trying to have a photo shoot all in the same room. So they try to get mountain photos better or whatever it is. Just a bad, bad couple days about And he still ain't got his wallet.


Those niggas will Cell, he's in New York. Oh man. Oh man. Where y'all at? Man? Y y camera. Get them two things on camera today, man. Look at em. They're right next to each other right there. And then I guess throughout that weekend they celebrated with each other. Malcolm was playing all your YM music for Mike. Mike Man Za and all the music Shit And what he said. Now Mike is coming to this terminology. If you got a drum, what'd you say? He got a switch or a drum. You can't aim Not not shooter when you get locked up with your whole head, But that, that he's about to get well himself.


Most definitely MVP of the week for show man RB hen people trying to win some bread. What you got for him Today? Only PJ Tucker five threes a thousand dollars for you. $3 million today. The Volume,


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player, Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.