
Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon, go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Legg, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Thursday, it's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this wonderful morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Henderson. My right my brother Teague Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up? Nasty? Yeah. Chilling bro. What up? How y'all feeling man? You know what I'm saying? We back on this broadcast game. We on playback last night Celtics man, we was in the studio trapping late night man. Y'all good? Yeah. Shout. It's like a back to back NBA in the podcast game. Nah. Yeah, I enjoyed that yesterday. Yeah man, shout out to everybody who pulled over to the playback situation man. It's the big ass party. We gonna do that every week, every Wednesday the best game we will beat in attendance.


Let's go ahead and start with the game that we broadcast last night, man. Pistons belt a ass situation in Detroit yesterday. Took care of the Celtics. One 17 to 97 man, Malik Bezy with a 26 piece K went crazy with 21 and 11. Hey man, we was early on this Pising team man. Yeah, especially you as well. Yeah, A game win streak man. Showing some love. Yeah, I seen the real, You know what I mean? But they led by K Cunningham. We was been having a fantastic year, but guys like Malik Beasley are having breakout years. Probably can win. Got a chance to win six men a year. It's between him and Peyton Prichard. And last night, if that was in any kind of example of who could be six men a year, Malik Beasley, like he stepped up.


Most definitely hooped out yesterday. 26 beats, like you said, playing with crazy confidence. Be here. You was locked in yesterday with the Pistons man. What'd you see a big difference with? I don't know man. They just play harder than the Celsius. I feel like the CEL took a little bit off the gas. No disrespect to the Pistons but good win. Good win for the squad though. Straight up KK The beast K. Shooting that bitch 12 times out the gate was, I ain't never seen him do that before. I was gonna say look, we looking right here at the stats yesterday. Shot my boy 21. Yeah, he definitely got 12 of those in the first quarter for sure. Yeah, he was aggressive early but they, I mean I guess they need him to go so they feed off his energy so that was a good win for them boys for sure. Hey man, you look at the K stats man 25 9 and six.


I don't know if he's hiding MVP but should he even be in consideration for It? No, He said hell no. No he been killing it though. He Should be in consideration for all NBA though. Yeah, he should be fighting for that third spot on that third guard NBA team. It's gonna be a tough one but he definitely should be in that conversation Man. You said that. Now I'm thinking about some of those possible players who will be eligible. You look, you got Donvan Mitchell obviously he's probably gonna be first team SGA gonna probably be first team as well, right? Then you go after that second team. Jalen Brunson probably gonna get second team. Who's that two guard ae? I don't know, that's the question Jason Tatum, would they consider him a small Ford or a shooting guard?


I don't know. They Gonna put him in the front Court. Jalen Brown. Damn. I don't know what you consider him so, so JB Demmer gotta get one of 'em second on NBA spots for sure. Yeah, but it's gonna be between K Cunningham, Damien Lillard. It's gonna be a battle. Yeah, I was gonna say, I'm thinking all the, all the good guards in the league this year. I ain't mad if K get in that third spot though. He has to at least. Yeah, Ozzie, it would be a travesty. He's at least not 13 by NBA. That'd be a travesty for sure. For sure. Yeah, I think he should. I think he deserves that and I, I wouldn't be mad if Malik Beasley got six men of the year. I mean I know Payton Pritchard's been on a hell of a performance too, but I think, I think the Celtics would still be the same without Peyton Pritchard facts.


I don't think Detroit would be playing like that without Malik Beasley. Just obvious. Yeah, most definitely. I wonder if the Jay Ivy timing of the injury is gonna hurt him in the situation. 'cause how many games he probably been started with might disqualify him from the situation or do they even care about that? I mean he came off the bench last night. Yeah, touche. But I know he played a little bit more, but yeah, I agree man. He, he d should qualify for sure man. Hey we laugh at JB Bickers Savage telling him to take him to hoodies off and put on the Coach Carter swag. But hey so far as work. Nah man, He, he gonna turn the team around bro. Yeah, I think he did a hell of a job. I mean he should be considered for Coach of the Year but obviously we know Kenny Atkinson's gonna win that. I mean 48 and 10, how can you, how can you go against that? Yeah, But and take y'all team too to 4, 8, 10 more importantly.


Yeah, JB having a heck of a year, a bounce back year. Got them boys playing. Right. Playing with a lot of confidence. Most definitely be here man. Like you said. Is there's anything we should take from this game Celsius just had off night? Nah, nah Celsius. I mean not the Celsius, the Pistons is playing good bro. Nobody even had them in the six position. We never would've thought like we damn near was thinking playing or Cooper flag stakes for the Pistons. So they over exceeding this year for sure. Most definitely man. Show some love for the Pistons man. Respect as it is now in that sixth spot with the Knicks. They probably wanna get away from that but Why? Oh you don't think they, they worried about the Knicks? Nah, I don't think nobody worried about the Knicks to be honest.


Damn. I think the Knicks are good but I don't think nobody feared the Knicks. Like they haven't beat any quality teams really. That Is show any of the top teams. So they play well against the people under them obviously. But I don't think nobody's scared. Like if you look at the matchups, the two teams in the east that everybody like damn we hope we get probably the Knicks and the Pacers. Yeah It ain't no shade. It is just like damn I don't wanna play the Cavs, I don't wanna play the Celtics. I damn sure don't wanna play the Bucks. It's like shit I got a chance against the Knicks and the Celtics. If I'm the Hawks the Heat magic New Pistons. I'm like yeah A Pistons Pacers first round match up would be fire.


Obviously we built ass in that situation but that would be a really, really good competitive series. I would love to see a Knicks bucks first round as well too. But yeah man shout to the Pistons man. Super competitive. We didn't think that it was gonna have a better record than the magic. I know the magic was hurt but like you said we was thinking definitely play in but for sure salute to them man Pacers play the Pistons first round if that was possible. What's that series? What's the number on that? I think it's a a hell of a six game series. Pacers get it. I would probably go just 'cause the Pacer's been there last year. They'll probably win the series. Yeah, but it'll probably go seven though. I think at Detroit. Pistons gonna win all the games at Detroit. Pacer's gonna win all the games at home.


Yeah, that's why I said I could see that going six for sure. I don't, I don't but that would be a hell of a series for sure. Very, very entertaining to say the least. Speaking of the Knicks took care of the seven Sixers yesterday. One 10 and 1 0 5. Man seven Sixers on the nine game losing streak man. It is real wicked, You know what I'm saying? Six first working in the league right now. Gotta lock in to go get this chip bro. Nah for sure bro. Yeah. Yeah he's locking in for prize picks is what he's doing 'cause It is Time is not on your side bro. It's quiet like get that locker room together bro. So y'all can go on that stretch and be a playing team and You know what I mean. Get that road the real, the real little giants, You know what I'm saying? Success story. Can we go to Easter conference end please because I would wanna see what type of a win streak they would have to have to even get into the play to the tennis spot.


Right. Well we're 58 games In. Ain't that bad. That ain't that bad. They got a, all they gotta do is on a five game win street they Hit to 10. Yeah. Yeah that's Crazy Shit. They can catch the he and the Hawks really We right there. We right there. If y'all are asking this team, if they really Get rolling though, like if they just going a a six, seven game win, shit. Hey I am so fucking sick of these niggas. No they ain't a nine game loose streak. They're not about to win shit in the row man. It is over. Hey DJ, I don't, It's over. Why can't we just say it? It is over you in a nine game loose streak. All they gotta do is lock in bro.


We've been saying that all year bro. It is March now. When are they gonna lock in? I ain't even be a fan of that team. I I know Wes. Why? I'm like why make the excuses? I know I hate Blue, red and White Jerseys. Nah respect anybody. I said respect Blue, Red and White Jersey. They suck. It ain't crazy out these what Jeff's saying. It's like shit, look at the numbers. I I don't disagree. It is definitely feasible but when they're having historically bad season, their Raptors are two games behind them. I don't wanna hear no more about the 76 ERs making any push. I mean They're lot closer to the Bulls bro. Look how close they are to The Bulls. They's right there. But they, You know what's sad, they was past him. They had a nine game lose streak. I know they lost nine games and they still right there. That's nasty bro. I'm not making those excuses for them. I think they gonna make the play in to be honest, I think once they figure out that Jola B is just done, let him just be done.


Think they gonna start winning games. Watch. But the thing is they, they play weird lineups. I hate how they play. It's nasty bro. Yeah I don't like how they play but whatever for sure We gas is scooters. It's Crazy. Yeah, yeah. There's no way in hell we expecting him to do anything but hey PG hoop out yesterday he had 25 and eight. Jalen Brunson went crazy yesterday with 34 and seven. Mikhail Bridges been hooping as of late as well. He had 28, You know Tar Maxey had 30 but You know 12 for 32 from the field. That's crazy. Yeah I don't like watching that. What's Crazy that or Kade is first quarter K Nah I don't do that bro.


At least K at least Kade was hitting 12 for 32 is crazy. You miss 20 shots. I know I'm never going against au Tyrese bro. I'm never going against him. You an oh for 10 for three. Man, bad night man. Bad night. We in a lab. We in a lab Man. And I ain't even mad at him 'cause I see his post game. It broke my nigga spirit man. Yeah it is. That's crazy. 12 for 32. You just shot that bitch a alive bro. Oh for 10 for three is crazy Too. Yeah, I don't pay attention to this season For sure man. Shout to the super chat. John Carter asked what made the pisses different from last year Malik Beasley or the chemistry Afro Horrific losing streak last year. All the above. Probably getting a new coach as well. Kade taking a big leap.


Like you said they got some, some vets in the off season that helped that locker room with Tobias and Tim Haraway Jr. I think just a combination of things man And Kade is really really that good too. For sure. They actually got some players that played basketball like You know I'm being, they had a young team last year. They just didn't have a good chemistry at all. They brought some guys who were playing for something. Tobias Harris got a contract. He always gonna be solid. Malik Beasley is playing for a contract and he's getting an opportunity. He stepped up Tim Hardaway playing and stay in the NBA. They playing well. Yeah. You know what I mean? They building something there and they all feel like they can be there for a long time now. Like damn we gonna be here a while and that's all you ever want.


Then the Thompson twin is getting better. Most definitely some of the young guys Duran getting better And you still got what they call him beef Stu Isaiah story? Yeah he's still You know holding down the fork so they got some quality pieces on that team. Most definitely man. Shout out to the Pistons before moving from this game. Like you said, I don't think too many people are really having that same respect as everybody as the media does for Knicks because that game remember blew 20 point lead last night. Like this should have been a belt to ass situation. But the Sixers made it close on Tyres Maxey shooting 1232. So Yeah I like the Knicks though but I ain't really, I don't You ain't sold on them? Nah like it don't. I know they good.


I know Kat good. I know Brunson good but I'll definitely not sold. What's your biggest reason like for not being sold? What do they need to do? They just an injury away. Okay. Like If Ka go down it's over. True. They definitely can't lose him. They done every time Ka what if they lose Mike Ke Every time Ka go to the basket. I'd be like Oh shit. Yeah They lose my ke it's it's ugly, It's Christmas, It's ugly Bro. I just, I don't know man. Like You said they are, they are super relied up on niggas to be healthy. I mean they are run To the ground if but Mike Kele bridges, they probably can still make some noise or him or og. Nah they gotta have both of 'em. Jay Jaylen Bronson get hurt, it's Over. Oh it's over For sure It's, and the way they play it's too grind of a game.


It is like Yeah You, you gotta, you, the way they play is a lot of potential to be hurt. They play a lot of one-on-one so it's like a grind game. Like I gotta be my man every time. If you watch Jalen Brunson, he, everything he do is like hard stops and bumps and right pull backs and it is just like a lot of wear and tear. I see why the end of the year he always be banged up. I'm like damn the way you play is just so physical. Cat the same way. Yeah he go to the basket, his elbows hey ah fall on the ground. It is like damn. Then you watch Boston play and it's just a easy flow kick it four three drive wide open.


Kick it, kick it again. Jason Tatum look like he playing so, so comfortable. He never doing nothing. Look like he gonna get fouled. Just Look all easy. I agree bro. I'm Rolling. Shout to trouble in the super chase. Happy Sixers set it down. You think that in B tray is on the table? Ain't don't nobody want in be. Yeah I was gonna say they try to figure out how he can get surgery so That's, that's damaged goods over there man. Yeah like they talking about he need back surgery, make the knee. Right. I don't even, I mean I know it's all connected but it's all good. Yeah, that's ugly. Superchat questions as well. Quick random question. Who was the best hooper to come out of Ben Davis?


Best Hooper to come out of Ben Davis. Courtney James who you got? Yeah. Yeah Courtney. I like, I like Clark, I like Rod. I like you wanna Say Stanley? Stanley? I like damn what's old boy he played in your men's league big guard. He was huge in high school. Six four. My dog Aaron, Aaron, Harry, Aaron Henry. Hey he yeah they had some shit. What's up man? They had some shit. Shout out to Ben Davis for sure. I'm gonna roll with Lil Mark though. Think Mark was good For sure.


Four years starter. Yeah. You know what I mean. Got got the chip went to the chip, I won the football just yeah, I ain't say best athlete, best hooper but he was, he was. He did his thing. He was one of the best, He was definitely the best athlete to come out of Ben Davis. Yeah For a fact. And probably one of the best outta state on the loyalty keys accomplishment wise, a lot of people might Might be football state starter basketball state champion. Yeah. Very important piece. He just won a football dude. The hooped? Yeah he was a hooper that played football. Yeah. Straight up. Shout to young boy going crazy for sure. OKC came back down from 18 yesterday to beat the net 1 29 to 1 21 SG light day at the office with 27, 6 and five. Chet had 22 and 17 J Dub had 22 as well.


They Ron Sharp had 25 15 to five. And your boy Kelly Hayes back in the league baby with a 19 piece yesterday. He heard you were Saada talking shit Wasn't me, it was Sada Trying to come and play. Nah I'm hype for him shit. He was so trash back then. He got better shit. Y'all sent that boy off to Europe. He said nah I'm back in the league with it bro. He was weak. I ain't gonna hold you. I'm glad he got his opportunity hooping. Good job bro. 'cause I was, I ain't gonna lie, I was a tough critic. Yeah, yeah it was. It was the best he was out there being Down 18. It's Crazy. It might've been a team but You know what I mean. Detroit was a tough place to play at that time. Yeah they wasn't winning nothing.


And it's crazy about the Pistons of we'll stop talking about them but Jaylen, I even back next year like him being hurt. I think that he'd be even better with him but hey man shout out to kill Hayes man. Forget another opportunity. Taking advantage of it. Yo Thunder. Hey do your thing boy. Down 18 to get some net smell. What was going on last night? Yeah You know we just playing down to our competition. Respect It happen in little rec league all the time man. It's, it's okay. It ain't nothing. We don't even care about that win to be honest with you. We just glad to see Che healthy and playing with the team again. I was gonna say 20 20 17 boy you get numbers like that from Chet. We scary bro. Ugly Man we scary couple years away man. We gonna win a chip. Alright. Three teams right here in the west.


What team do you think they probably wanna play the absolute least outta these Lakers Nuggets. Warriors. Lakers. Lakers. That's a bad matchup for them. That's a very bad matchup Boy. That's a really bad matchup for them. Oh that's horrible Man. Even worse than the Nuggets. Yes. Yeah they got enough. I mean that's gonna be a tough series too but they need to stay away from the Lakers. Most definitely 'cause they do have two bigs who could kind of deal with Yoic or try at least they ain't got nothing for Luca and LeBron. Nothing. Just the mental standpoint. I been here before y'all knew y'all the little bros Definitely That's all talent is there but just Like Sha and J Dub against LeBron and Luca Christmas tree, I don't look right.


It's not fair And I mean obviously you probably take SGA with LeBron right now but it's arguably Lakers got the best two players in that series. Yeah. Yeah. That's always a downhill battle win. The best players win. I want TC to win 'cause I think Chet, You know if he killed they got a good shot of winning. It is just that OG shit kick in bro. And it can affect you if you ain't ever been in that light before. Most definitely. Alright, super Chat. Which 1:00 AM I'm starting with? Yeah they running a bank around here today. Them taxes hit For sure. Taxes Just hit Turned up. Super chat. Atic 98 said Yo Jeff what's up big? What's up bro? Big fan. Always wanted to know what Rusby whispering in your ear after a foul. I didn't see it or you might be right.


You be like man that ain't a foul, blah blah blah. Be like you might be right. I gotta look at it at half time. My bad. We'll talk about it. That's it Rochelle. What the fuck thinks said Where is the file 20 career page. I'm trying to put this ba to use for the morning show the fans me all deserve freaky Mike didn't respond. Get Well Soon. What? What is that? You want a job? Oh He got a degree and want to show us his resume. Oh. Oh you wanna Show your resume where You live bro. Get on Indeed. This is a like career builder. We ain't hiring you Nick. Hey when's the last time you been a career builder?


Shit, when I have a job like 20, 20 19 or something like that. For sure. Shout to It's a quality source bro. Hit your nearest temp agency. Hey niggas on Indeed boy. Get it out the mud for sure. Super Chat again. Mike O nais. Y'all going for the Joy One High Union today. March Madness almost here. Who's your final four? They already got 'em, y'all. I'm gonna try to get the unions. I don't got 'em. They definitely fire Final Four. I just know Louisville gonna be there. I don't like the unions. They they like but That's crazy. March. March Madness that was, hey nah I don't real, I don't like them ones bro. He say you got the real unions Turned up. I got the other ones them.


Them ones kind mid but March Madness I got, I don't know who the hell I got. I got St. John's, Rick Patino will getting in the final Four maybe to the final four. I wanna St. John's Louisville Final Four game very, very bad. Duke is good enough to be there. I don't know if that happens. 'cause most of the time the best team don't win. Auburn is nice as well but I think it's all about the draws this year for Sure. Yeah I ain't really rolling with Auburn though. Yeah it is. It could be Fools go For some reason. I think Texas a and m gonna make a run. They just random. They offensive rebounding is crazy. Yeah, That's Chris Beard right?


No dude, he used to. Nah this is Buddy used to Chuck coach at Virginia Tech. Forgot his name. Oh My bad. Shout to Chris Beard. No He Spanish Chris Beard coach at, he was at Texas Tech. He I know they're trying to get him to IU bad. Yeah I can't remember what school he at right now. Yeah they trying to get him to IU bad. It is. Okay you Chris Beard is how it goes. Get back to the shot. You, You know Mike. Yeah. I forgot Man. Who's scoring big in NBA this season You are


With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props money lines, you name it, DraftKings. Got it all new customers. Now it's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus. Best instantly. Take us to the record to DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today. Use Code Club five 20. Yes, that's Code Club five 20 for new customers. To get $150 bonus bets with just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Desmond Cloud from Super Chat says shout tot but can the Cavs get a little bit more love? 48 intent is dumb. Very rare. I mean shit, I gave 'em all the love for two Months. I gonna say you kicked off the Cavs. Yeah, I've been, I've been repping the Cavs but now it's become a routine. We gotta see what they gonna do in the, in the playoffs. I mean we just did a podcast with Kyle Corver and Paul Millsap. This look like our team. I ain't gonna lie, we was whipping shit like this and it just like normal now. Yeah now we waiting for the playoffs. Let's see where the real ball start. See what they gonna do for Sure. And also y'all had to go against LeBron. Ain't no LeBron in this east so no excuse for them. But They do gotta go to the against the defending champs.


That's very True as well. Most definitely. Alright man. Rocket took your Spurs yesterday. One 18 to 1 0 6. Twin went crazy with 25 and nine. Jay lag Green. 21 with seven D Foxing have a good game. Yesterday only shot three for 12. Hey but this young Rocket team man looking promising. Very, very entertaining team. Jabari Smith back playing for this team. Getting some minutes. Hey y'all feel about the squad man. Is this a team that could go to at least to the second round? Yeah, they can make it to the second round. Do I think they will? No. Mm. My Thompson twin, my new superstar on the way he called Hooping. Yeah, him and his brother good but this is the better one. He the guy? Yeah. Yeah. Respectfully. He the guy. But I don't know man.


It depends who they match up with. Lemme can I see the West standards. That's another young team too. Yeah, They, I think believe they're at the fourth spot right now. Yeah. If they match up with the Lakers, that's gonna be tough. Yeah they need to go get the three spot. Yeah, They don't matter who they match up with. It's gonna be a tough, it is a tough out over there in the west man. Yeah, I think they could handle the Clippers. They could beat the Clippers but it's still gonna be tough. We don't know. Kaw Leonard turned to a different person during the playoffs so that is A fact. Why is James NP z? Zac? Ah it is quiet. I, I don't think that, I don't know man. I just need to be a help us here. I think that's their best chance winning Though. I like that matchup though. Gon whatever you call him Beck though. Yeah That's solid. Because them OGs gonna have to guard them young boys too.


This Is James Harden so smart bro. I don't know But James Hart does not play defense and he's gonna have to play defense that series. Maybe He gonna have to bro. Especially with Fred. He gonna have to play defense. The thing about him, he can guard the Thompson twin. Yeah. 'cause he can't shoot It Is strong. And James is strong bro. Yeah, James is so James is like a power forward on defense. We saw he gu miles. Nah, For real what I'm saying, I don't, I really don't matter shit. He gonna forget in where he fit in. But them young boys run up and down. They keep a game like that Though bro. I don't know. James Harden different. I mean Hall Of Fame Clippers can slow that game down. They can get different. Yeah. Yeah.


But and you right play off Kauai. It's gonna be a different, it's gonna be a tough out wherever they go. Kauai can walk the Rockets down for Sure. Yeah. You can't duck smoke in the West. But even if the Rockets get to two now if they work their way up to getting the two 'cause they only wear a game couple games back. Yeah, from the, the Grizzlies they can, they can get to two and then it's green. They get to two, it's green, they can Handle the timber. Whoops. It is green. Okay. Yeah I agree. For sure. For sure. Yeah man can't Nobody west. They really probably beat the hell out though. Timbers Actually, what's gonna get spooky in as West if we be in For real. If Anthony Davis come back healthy and Gaffer come back healthy and they go to the eighth and that one eight matchup between Thunder and a Mavericks.


Yeah. That's another, yeah that's another Warrior's Mavericks. Yeah. Back in the day. Yeah. Yeah. Oh That, That could get real Tricky. Yeah I can get, I can get, I can get Dangerous. Yeah. We gonna see how good Chet is 'cause he's gonna have to do Anthony Davis a pissed off Anthony Davis. Yeah. Yeah. That Could get, That's a hell of a series. I can get dangerous right there. It it can, it it is just they ain't, they ain't old enough bro. Sometimes you're old enough to get in the club and kick it. Man. That's a fact. I would love to see them healthy ma. I hope the Mavericks get healthy and get a, a good four or five game winning streak before. Yeah because you gotta deal with Kyrie Irving and Anthony Davis and the playoffs.


That's tough. Mm For sure man. Let's get through some other games that took place yesterday. Belt ass situation in Nap Town. Patience took care of the rappers. 1 11 91 Tyrese went crazy. 33 and 11 like that at the office for show The Blazers Beat The Wizards yesterday. 1 29 to 1 21 Shayn Sharp broke the internet yesterday. He went off for a career high of 36, 8 and five yesterday. Hey man, your blazers, they got some Pieces. They solid man. They Got some pieces. They A fun team to watch. I promise you man. If y'all ever get a chance to watch The Blazers, if y'all born and y'all wanna watch, You know, you on a game get you some NBA league passing the, the Blazers are a fun team to watch.


They got a lot of young talent, good athletes. You might see some highlight plays like last night. Good. I mean they got good young core. Hey man, if they don't win the, if they don't capture the flag, you mad at Ace Bailey out there? Mm. I don't want Ace out there. He gonna come. He I like shading. They they basically similar. So you were saying who do you what? You said beginning of the year Harper. Hey they Harper out there. Yeah. Can He play with Scoot? Jeff said that I, I I'm, I'm ready to get rid of school. You school. School? Yeah. Yeah, School. School. Remind me of Davion Mitchell. Damn.


He, he a little better. A little bigger but like they good backup guards. Yeah. You know you got that guy come in gonna pressure the ball, play defense ski eight, eight to 10 points. I think Dylan Harper is a star potential. He kind of got that K Cunningham in his game a little bit. Not as athletic, not as tall But strong, Strong good pace. Jalen Brunson strength pace can shoot. Can pass. Yeah. Yeah. When you said that I was like damn bro bro damn that right that you don't wanna get rid of school 'cause that's what, You know what I mean? You had him as a projected superstar but sometimes you ain't working out.


Yeah sometimes you just gotta, You know, Make a pivot for Sure. He took care of the Hawks yesterday. 1 31 That A should to 1 0 9. Shout out to my boy TH 2014. Your favorite white boy were crazy. Bam had 29 as well. They just split that little back to back series they had as well. Clippers took care of the Bulls yesterday. 1 22 to one 17. James Hard had 30 and six. UA had 17 Dagger three at the end. Yeah. Put the kids to bed man. Play off Kauai on the way. Freaky giddy. 21, 12 and eight. He was hooping King took care the jazz yesterday one 18 to 1 0 1 man. King Murray had 26 zec. Lavin had 22 as well. And a surprising 25 from Walker Kessler.


He hooped yesterday 25 and 14 for show. And we got a couple games tonight. I wanna see how y'all feel about 'em. Warriors at Magic. I'm gonna go with the Magic tonight. All with the Magic all. I'm gonna take the Warriors Nuggets at Bucks. It's gonna be a hell of a game. I'm rolling with the Bucks. I got the Nuggets. I'm gonna go Nuggets as well. Hornets at Mavs. Mavs Mavs Light work. Pelicans at Sons Sons. Take a nap. Taking the sons T Wolves at Lakers. Lakers Bro. All home games for me man. Okay, I'll see where we're going today. Straight through For sure. Back in the super chat. Sean Stewart said Young Nacho, can you come off the bench and get my Pistons 15 minutes?


Nope. Very quick. I can't real Jay Ivy. Damn. I really can't. The real j Ivy's crazy by the way. You give me like they gave me like seven months to prepare myself. I could. I could play but I ain't gonna give y'all shit but I could play For sure. Can't go in there and just, You know what I mean. Lead the team for a little bit. Yeah I can get some assists. I could do that. But Little pick and roll. I I'll be so tired. I'll be so tired after the first five Minutes. You, you and Isaiah Stewart in a pick and roll is crazy. He'd be, yeah he probably average 10 fucking with me.


That bitch up. Yeah. I could pass like a motherfucker. I always could do that. You sound like me Don. Always Pass. I'm gonna tell you right now the link up that we don't need is you and I Isaiah Stewart. The YouTube compilations is gonna break Real The real crash house. The Blues Brothers. This defense is Gonna be awful though. You might as well. Ooh that boy ain't getting back. TG gonna be reaching his hand. Definitely not getting back. It's a wrap. Shout to the take fos playground Queen oh six at tg. Would you wear the shades, new shoes? Once some more colors drop. Yeah They signed me Converse. I wear them too. Hey, they actually fired too. Yeah, they got a bad looking shoe.


I would wear 'em for Sure. Teddy Hart the super trade said focus seek gets bounce early. Bring Katie back home. We got the most assets they have to consolidate at some point. Too many youngs and picks to keep 'em all. Not a bad idea. Not a bad idea at all. Yeah I still think he got a few years left in him so Yeah. I wouldn't be mad to see KD back in OKC. That'd be fire and he can play in any kind of system. Yeah. Yeah. He just love hooping until I, I like him Back there better than us. Pretty well But I don't think he want to go back there OKC. Yeah we will see but we know who damn sure he will not be in Phoenix next year. BK bully. I got a theory that the NBA and media pushed the analytics narrative to limit players from the trenches making it and give white boys a chance to excel.


I ain't against that. Yeah. Yeah. It started making it about you kind of. You can tell that with the way they ref the game used to be a more athletic game. You had to be like a superior athlete to be able to get by your defender strong. All these things. And they changed the rules to make it more appealing to guys my size or guys who weren't as athletic. Like a white guy basically we say white guys wasn't athletic, they were more skilled can shoot more fundamentally sound. Yeah. European players all that and they made it more appealing to them to grow the game worldwide.


Shit, look at Yoic, he running the league. Yeah. Whooping shit. It's just for a worldwide like game because most Europeans when they were coming over here, they were getting bullied, they weren't athletic enough, they couldn't get by they man. And if you go play in Europe, it's more of a team based game where you gotta use plays and fundamentals and stuff to get open. Yeah. And the NBA was more iso like you ain't athletic if you ain't got handles you can't beat your man, you not strong, you can't play in here. It's a man's game. Yeah And they changed that to make it more of a worldwide game. Most definitely. And we talked about having Kyle Corver in the pod. If Kyle Corver played in today's NBA, the pay difference is so crazy. Yeah. Yeah. So definitely a little bit of the truth behind that for sure.


Nate, Patrick, what's it really like to guard Kyrie? We see visually what the covers look like. But what is it like as a player who has had to guard him? Is he really that much better than everyone on the floor? Yeah, he is just a shot maker. Obviously we know he can dribble, he got handles and all that stuff but he, he makes shot at a high rate like tough shots. You could be right there hand in his face and he still makes 'em. He's just a tough shot maker. Most definitely. Last but not least, Romero says if Shay was not Canadian, do you think the league would be gearing up for him to be the next face? Yep. No I know you got the personality bro.


You got the personality. I think. I think he's too reserved. Like he, he's super chill. Like he, he the coolest dude in the room. He is but he hella marketable bro. Yeah. But he like the coolest dude in the room like but You don't see him talk about anything else outside of the court, which is cool but you don't see him talk about anything else that would kind of be a detriment to him to be in the face. He's super marketable to us. We like oh he get fresh, he Fly. His captions is fly. I don't Know that's to us we thinking about the masses like don't nobody cares. You got a mink coat on. They probably laughing. The masses is laughing like coat on with with a bandana on like what he doing For our NBA We he 1000% 15.


Yeah we like he fresh. He fresh as Hell and he chill. He be chilling. He got his young niggas lit like he got all the ingredients but for the masses probably not. Nah the masses it's more like damn how many people can love you like yeah the masses love Steph Curry. Yeah he don't have no Anthony Edwards. Ja Miranda Effect. And that's more for us. I mean like No J Miranda is kind of worldwide though. Yeah that's 'cause he got those highlight dunk like Shay game is not highlighted. Nah at all. To us, if You know basketball, the highlights that he do are amazing. Like the step throughs and all that. Bumps fades. He got longevity game You like them it hard like but for the masses Ja Marant goes dunk on people and he's six foot.


It look crazy For Sure as a kid I wanna do that. I go to the trampoline shit the park and do Ja Marant dunks. I don't go do Shay GRE's moves but if I'm a pure hooper I go to the gym and work on Shea moves. Yeah. You know what I mean? But Well said for sure. Brandy team from the super chat said why do y'all think Tatu Mannis get the most hate for no reason. If you have a problem with those brothers, something gets wrong with you. Joke is is the only that gets a free pass on the media. Yeah Tatum. They just want him. They don't believe it. They think he trying to be Kobe ish. You know even like some of the quotes he said when they win the championship. Yeah we did it and all that stuff like That Boy wild.


That's my dog. That was nasty. But that's what they try to use that like they don't feel like it's genuine. Yeah. Like he trying to be something else and that ain't true. I mean he being him but Kobe was his idol. Yeah. And you tend to follow people that you admire. Right. That's only normal. Yeah. And then Giannis, he just not from here And he don't care And he don't give two shits about what y'all talking about. Yeah. He just make babies in basketball bro. Fuck what y'all talking about. For sure. Alright, be here Verified Buckets. Who was getting to it yesterday? I don't really care about that. Master P being the president of basketball operations at the, at New Orleans University is crazy to me For sure man. New G.


That's wild. All these universities getting GMs bro. For the NIL. Having P coming in and get all your NIL money is crazy. So Is his son transferring from Houston? I will not go play for the New Orleans University. Why I'm not gonna Simpson. You ain't getting no tick though. I don't know bro. I don't. I'm cool. This is Nah man. New Orleans is not the vibe. Not for my nah bro. So you can work here bro. Your son ain't good enough to come here. Huh? I'll transfer if y'all get double M out of there bro. That's my only request bro. My thing is, are they playing in the P Lewis? Nah bro, I just, he about squad dude, but Match P dude got hella connections though.


But I just, I'm not going to play for my dad bro. I Just asking bro. If I ain't getting no tick, I'm with New Orleans. Yeah we gonna have everybody like Jackson State on the sideline. Wow. Master P Snoop Dogg. Yeah that's not the vibe Took the shocker. Where they gonna find peanut there? That's not the Vibe bro. Birdman gonna be there asleep. Wayne ain't gonna be high. Birdman doing the national anthem just going Straight. Nah bro that's, that's not New Orleans ain't it. You know what I'm saying? But hopefully peaking, You know what I mean? Turn, turn around. Shout to New Orleans University man.


I ain't even know they had a University. You know I support all black HBCU. Oh that's A-H-B-C-U. It's probably not but I was gonna say I don't know if it is Say just because Master P became the president. It is now a prestige HBCU University No limit University Tap in hell know. What is That? Is that like a, is that a HBC? It is not an HBC. Oh It's not bro. But now it is. I've never heard of New Orleans Uni. The University of New Orleans. I've never heard of it. If TI mean Nott, if Masterpiece sent somebody to the league from New Orleans, he'd the goal bro. He'd the goal, he's literally had his hands in everything in life. You would've never thought Master P would be the head of basketball operations at a at a college.


That nigga didn't even go to college. Wait they Said wait, they says notable alumni. Why is Urban Johnson on there? I know that Magic Johnson ain't got no damn degree from University of New Orleans Probably in this later years bro. Why you Hating? Nah I'm just saying bro I need to see the play now. Hey he didn't Who? We know who for Miss mistake but damn he probably went back and got a doctorate. He has to get an undergrad person. Oh that nigga. Oh I know that Irving Johnson. Yeah I know him too. Yeah he Played for fucker say he Definitely played for the bull number four. Four? Yeah. Okay. I say nigga that ain't magic now I say they outta pocket. Oh damn. Okay. This a real school. Yeah. Hey go back to the pick though. So he made it to the league outta there.


No, scroll down please. I wanna make sure I ain't tripping. You not tripping Nigga have the wrong picture. Okay, I'm gonna say why is Magic on there? I on man. Hey look, respect the real One man. Match of peace starting already. Nah, respect him. Scam him. Respect the real one man. For sure. Hey man my beer pop bucket going to Tyrese man. 33 to 11 my boy be killed. Thesal Star break. We back up man. You know the vibes man. I about to say something rich. Respect. Mine's going to Sha Sharp out in Portland Career High. One of the best highlights we gonna see all season and Dunk was amazing For sure man let's get straight to Get Well Soon man. Sha sharp lead it off You dunked on some goofy Had a hell of a night.


Who number nine boy Catch up Body. Boy the Damn Boy. He jumped higher once he got closer to him bro. That's crazy. Ja had a crazy though. What? Hey Who was that? Hey look at a nigga face. He may have to got there. Champagne. What was that? Yeah, Yeah he got punched on That nigga made a sound effect after he got dunked on. That's crazy. Get Well Soon for sure. Hey my Get Well Soon going to Jason Tatu. Man he got wicked last night. Detroit Boy put that boy on skates. Sure Said Twin ain't had no Bag moves on JT Paul.


He found out iso? Yeah. Ooh, Ooh. Turn that boy around Them shoes bro. Boom. Told them shoes. I ain that. I gotta See the bench reaction to anybody. Nah, they kept it player. I would've stood up. Oh And no he'd have got on their ass in the locker room. Yeah definitely. Look at that footage. T who you got? Oh shit. Damn sorry Thompson. Nah I got Jt. I got jt. Yeah he did K. Dirty K In the three made K Touch Earth, bow touch Earth boy I'm really the face My nigga.


K just went for the rebound. He said fuck it. Yeah Box out. I'm the face of the league. Really? That nigga dropped you off at the three you ended up doing Match the baseline. That's tough. That's hell move jt. Excuse me. Damn. Last not least man. Give what on the Drew you banks man Kobe White caught him lacking last night. Caught him like a little bit. I'd be surprised he be dunk on people but then he does this shit like every month. So ain't no surprise no more. Shout out to Kobe B White. He like six four. Yeah, he just looks short as hell on tv. Shout out to the fro.


Be here. People trying to win some bread this weekend. What you got for him man? Paolo 25. Jimmy Brother. 25 Luca 20. Anthony Edwards. 25 Yoki. 20 Zion Williamson 20 Lalo Ball 2,500 when you 17,000 today. Damn. 500 for 17 bands man. Yeah. Not too bad to start off a Friday the right way man. Last one, not least Ly Cooper from Super Chat says we need the Hendrick experience in Dallas. You putting the show on the road? Man we, we working on it man. I got a lot of other stuff going on right now but we would love to have the Hendrick experience in Dallas at Kitchen and Cocktails for sure. Facts Shout. We got Travis Scott coming to the boat.


Come on bro. Stop disrespecting my concert bro. Travis Scott at The Bow coming soon. Shout. Shout out to my dogs. They probably watching. I'm sorry for his ignorance. Shout out Travis. Oh Travis Porter. We got Travis Hunter coming to the ball. Alright, Travis Kelsey. Alright, Travis, hunter. Travis, we still, we trying to keep was, and on that note, we out The Volume.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet and I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Legg, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blues, sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.