
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops, new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Hey, all you women soups, fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're Women's Hoops fans, we've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Full house as usual. We got Bishop Young Nacho five 20 MOOC Fellows. Good morning. How y'all doing? Cool bro. Yo, Tuesday. Hey Tig, I see you last night in the stories man. You trying to tap back in Tre Young Got you motivated. Donate that 1 million to Oklahoma assist GM with the basketball program. Damn you on that? I'm just waiting for my car. Okay. No donations though. No donate. I about the ain Damn freak. TI Got, I ain't gonna lie. I do got 50 K for y'all. Okay. He got that M y'all V 50.


Nah, 50 k go with the check. 50 K 2K V-C-E-B-T. He Got that M. He just need a percentage of the NILC nigga. Y'all pull in Facts. We gotta work something that I would never donate a million dollars but you putting kids at 360 Crazy. You gotta do it. I need 20% on everybody that come in here got a meal on the table. Real. That's the cushion. He's gotta need 20% of the door. For sure bro. It's An interesting experience. Now After the game, What y'all think he doing? Really there? Just getting kids to go to Oklahoma. He de using his name. Yeah, I'm saying he don't got enough.


Tre Young. Yeah, Tre Young is the real NIO anyway. Yeah. That M is. Well I ain't gonna say what it's for but the, the M is there Like, You know what I mean? He just, that's a generous donation. Most Definitely. Yeah. But I think he on call, make a call like he trying to get his university live. Bro, that'd be hard if you get your university back up and he from there. He really, he That's hard. He really care. You know what I'm saying? I think James Haren about to do that with Arizona State too. I think he already a part of it. He said he coming with the real check though. You need to do it for iut. I ain't go to iu. Don't matter bro. You see where they at? Pretty a, I'm a free agent when I come to school. See what I'm saying? You in the portal. I'm In the portal. You in the alumni portal. I'm in the alumni portal. You know, You know listen to me. You the first nigga to leave college for real.


Go to the league and transfer to, That's crazy. I'm in, I'm in the portal man. Being in the alumni portal's. Crazy. IPUI whoever tap in, I'm in the portal. That's not where we started to, we can't start IPY for Wake Butler I think. I think Yo Michael tried to do this for Ohio State too when he done hooping. Okay. Nah, For sure. That's The new wave. Yeah, I heard he trying to get a part of that too. So That makes sense for him. That's, You know the funny part about that is we literally gave Indiana University basketball team next year. I looked at some of the visits they got for the portal And we gave y'all a lead starting five yesterday. Pay homage when it happened. Y'all really did. I thought about that oyster the grill. I should be able to built them up already. We gave them in Elite eight squad Bro. We did.


Speaking of NCA, Olivia MAs going in the portal instead of going to the league, she's projected to be the number two pick. Yeah. Wow. I feel you go tot ain't no money in the league. Get that Check. Yeah Reporter get a million dollars go to South Carolina. The other girl. Oh yeah, young Hilda. Yeah she liked that too but she like nah it's my time to shine. I Need that women's basketball is the only place where you could be 40 and still move around. So. Yeah. Or it's acceptable. Yeah because we literally tell them, nah y'all, it ain't worth it. Don't go to the league yet. Lose all your time. Yeah. Every year. Yeah. Yeah. She need to. She should go to South Carolina. Crazy. I've been seeing South Carolina, I've been seeing LSU don't go to LSU Listen, she raw though.


Nah, she like that. Yeah, she raw but man imagine the purse she about to get. 'cause I think the average salary and they range for a first round pick. I know it may be close to 80. I know next year they'll have a new TV deal so they'll get a little bit more revenue. So it's probably be six figures for show but she about to go get an M. Mm Yeah. That's gonna outweigh two of them years out the gate. Yeah. Yeah. Gotta get that bag. You know what, what's a team that like was on the brink of making it to the, trying to think of a girl's team that was just almost there but L-S-U-U-S-C-U-C-Y was gonna say she should go to U-S-C-L-S-U lost. She go to USC. She it is up. She could hold the shit down until Juju get back and Yeah, it'd be ugly. It'd be nasty.


What shit Guard for the culture Wing. Guard doms. Okay. Know nothing about her. She's the number two pick. Like if pay age Becker she might be number one. Yeah, she okay. She's worthy of the purse for sure. Go get your, get your cheese for sure. Nah, love to see ya man. Go crazy. Young lady. Plic could shut down. Zion and CJ McCullum, they been shut down but as guess it's official now. Zino played 30 games. That's a record for him. Man. I Don't like that man. I don't like that man. But he, he went on record said hey, You know, so it's back to backs that I'm ready to go. They'd be like nah, I know you're not. So we can't put all the blame on Zion bro. That that Kers organization especially Those fault injuries.


No, it's not fault. It's Not his fault. Brandon Ingram, CJ they, hey. Yeah, it's a lot going on down there man in New Orleans after He snitched and it was okay. I know it wasn't his fault bro. It's cool. They curse bro. Pelicans is cursed bro. You go there, you're getting hurt bro. Damn. Who else got hurt? Shit. A lot Of 'em are got hurt. Drew Holiday got hurt out there. Eric Gordon? Yeah, Eric Gordon started it. Yeah. Well he was on PTO too. Yeah he was. Gordon started when when the Sun nigga Said I hate this church. That's what nigga got to Mar S. That's what I about to say. That's what everybody's saying to Mar Sap right now ac. He on a press run right now. He said I didn't say lock the door And I just say close the door because he was trying to slide off.


Why you every nigga I'm gonna say that for another time. For sure. Get well to the, he said it's 20, it is a thousand people on live. He said I need 40. How we gonna do this? He said he talking everybody up in the pulpit. I need a hundred. He cost me up here. Hey that's crazy. Hey that's how gonna get the weight. I'm yeah. Yeah we need 20. If y'all need the money that come get Cost the I get paid to be here. You me to do this Fry.


Hey man, shout to PJ Tucker got a two year deal with the Knicks. Let's go. That's my guy man. I texted him yesterday. He said they thought I was done TI said I did too today Out to pj. Man that's hard Laugh for certain. Not least man. Get well soon to KD out with the ankle sprain. Supposed to miss a week. Go ahead and shut it down. Yeah bro. Just shut it down bro. Get the vacations playing bro. 1, 2, 3 Cancun for sure. Obviously there 11 Spot. The Kings are still trying to actively win games. They lost last night but go ahead and take that 10 C away man. It's going. We don't need to see the sons team in the playoffs bro. Yeah, well soon for them for sure. But let's get straight to it man. The Lakers gotta win.


Yesterday over the Rockets 1 0 4 to 98, Luca had 2096 bro hat. 16 to eight tops of twin work. Crazy with 25 and four. Check Gun had 14 and seven. It was a really, really good game. Best made close game for sure. Rockets. What they gonna have to do to win some of these games in the playoffs? It is just a Lakers. 'cause they got old savvy vest to get the dub or they got close game out better too young man. Mm. I mean it's a up and coming team. I don't think we expected this much out of the rockets. I don't think nobody in the league expected it. They're playing well having a great season but when it comes to this playoffs they just don't have enough savvy vets. Damn. Yeah that's real. Can we go back to the game? I wanna see how much did Jalen GR have yesterday?


Jalen Green. Green. Yeah. Not enough. Not enough. That's not going, that's not gonna cut it. He has to score at least above 15. Yeah I need 20 bro. Realistically I was trying to coach some Esman in the playoffs bro. I need 20, I need, I need a dub. Yeah, yeah. They just don't have that. He's one of those guys that can beat a go to guy but he's just not their go-to guy right now. And in a playoff series you need a guy who can go get a bucket at any time and they get when it get tough, everybody know everybody plays. Everybody know the scouting reports. Everybody know what's gonna happen. Yeah, you need somebody who can break off a play and go get a basket. Yeah because right now the only person I see that does that consistently on the team is Tar Easton and he don't get that many minutes.


Like he had 13 points in 21 minutes last night. But when he get in the game, ain't no swings. He gets straight to it. And if we got a bank on Tar Easton, we in trouble bro. To be my go-to guy ain't had that and there ain't no disrespect with us. Nah, he a good player. That's real talk. It gotta be Jalen Green bro. Yeah, unfortunately this year's playoffs, all the teams in the lower seats are all savvy, proven best. Each one of those teams have champions so it ain't as easy as it is. But they all got Hall of Famers. It ain't like just Champs. They got top 75. Yeah the Hall of Famers MVPs at the bottom half of that playoff round. So tough. Of these four teams, could they be any of these in the playoff series? Lakers, thunder and Nuggets? No, no, no, no.


The above No. Okay. Now even if they somehow got to a Golden State, could they be Golden State? No man, so they don't have a, like we looking right now at seven Seed Timber Ws we said we don't know but A is the best player in that. So that's who we gonna give the nah to Clippers. That might not be the best look for them but they are young and they can run. But man, being a two C and not having no advantage is crazy because like he said in the playoffs it get different bro. You gotta have somebody that you could throw that rock to. Yeah. At the end of the game bro. Most definitely. Yeah they they too young got to. Yeah but listen man Lakers got 20 a piece from Gabe Vista Dorrie Finney Smith last night when Gabe Vista is is shooting the ball like that bro. They're a dangerous team for sure.


Yeah that I ain't even try to discount him like when he's shooting as well as You know how he did in Miami that make them a totally different team. They role players show up when they need to and LeBron Luca go go get you games man. Yeah if they can make shots like you said Finn Smith and the rest of the crew is making threes. The Lakers are tough out because you gotta, you gotta guard Luca and LeBron one on one basically. And that's them their impossible tasks And Jackson Hayes rolling to the basket. Austin Reeves being who he is man it's a tough out against the Lakers. I ain't gonna lie. Yeah because I mean look at that. You get 12 or 24 from Dorian Finn Smith from Gabe visit from three yesterday. I mean that gonna have a lot more. Nah but if they just hitting a couple of those it is ugly.


It just opened up the offense so much. Brian and Luca didn't even play great yesterday. Yeah at all. They was just cool and they Gonna make shots 'cause they shots is Wide Open bro. It's like practice shots. Oh that's a fan. They getting 'em wide open was a layup line. Yeah Especially the way officer been playing like yeah so Now you getting real, real open shots for your role players. Yeah I remember people thought I was crazy when I said Austin Reeves was baby Luca. They like oh he's crazy. Nah he cold. He nice, he Cold. Nah he showing, he's showing his value. For sure bro. Yeah nothing but respect. 26 and five playing next to LeBron Luca y'all hey ain't mad at it man. SHA R 15 going crazy. Alright man the Celtics took care of the Grizzlies yesterday. One 17 and 1 0 3.


JT went crazy. 25 and 14 Old man al balled as well with 26 and eight and POAs had 19 to five yesterday. JB got a DNP yesterday but Ja went crazy with 26 and Triple JA proved you wrong yesterday. 15 rebounds of 20 points. I support Triple J Man. But you got a rebound like that but it ain't enough. We purposely said our, I guess your best player some would say And we still smack y'all Al Horford getting 26 points is crazy bro. Celsius ain't never gonna lose. Let's Just be real bro. Bro. They too Good no matter what bro, no matter what they gonna find a way to win the game bro. That's what I'm saying though. It wasn't no knock against JT last week but he coulda did the same thing and JB could've played and this probably still would've happened bro.


You right. But that's all I was saying bro. Bro that's all I was saying bro. Tank can't too many teams do that bro. Shoot your best work. Yeah, 26 it's crazy And eight and he's 50 Bro. That's Crazy. Hey a couple weeks ago he was on the island to against LeBron comfortably. I said yeah this is crazy. Nah, shut down man. Yeah grab you another one for you on your way out. Fuck it might get two Bro. Yeah I don't even know when his way is out. This nigga just keep playing. He about to signed a three year deal after this run. He Look healthy bro. Oh that'd be hard. That'll be hard. Hey that's crazy. And you 17 I ho for all his benches averaging nine, six in two. But see you don't even look at that for real 'cause he do stuff like this randomly throughout the year.


Solid numbers though. Numbers. It's good numbers bro. But if you looking at that from somebody else, you don't think they gonna get 26 bro. Was his last three games? Yeah, he, yeah, early March he had four or five and then from there, 14, 16, 26. Nobody's mad at al for having points. They shoot Four 50%. No That's, that's cool Al We just have you out here And you play defense block shots, do all the little things and still rebounding the ball together here at five Police still had Denver 10 rebounds like unlimited action though. Come on bro. It's crazy. Shout to Al Horford. I've seen a lot of rumors about this. They said basically next year that Boston Celtics, You know win lose a draw, they're gonna have to make a move 'cause they try to get a under from that tax. Could you see them trading for kd?


I've seen one of the popular rumors they said that they could unload a role player and a couple, well a couple of role players to make it happen. I don't really want see that bro. I don't nothing. They gonna unload what? Who they gonna trade? They gonna have to get rid. They actually saying they have to move Drew and and Peyton Prichard. No It's quiet No Love. K I'm nothing. Yeah I'm bro I don't wanna see that bro. I don't either but That's trifling bro. K Jc I don't the same. That's the sons all over again. I don't wanna see that bro. Nah it ain't the same. The same vibes you in a way. KD in a way or JT and JB bro. Where where y'all wanna see KD though? Not with them. I don't, I Don't wanna see the crazy part is, I don't know because I don't see O kc.


I was thinking that KC is the best part I think but I don't even know 'cause I want him to go to a team and he take out the resources again and it'd be like the son's 2.0. He one of them people. He going to take all the resources bro. And he's worthy. He's one of the greatest people touch basketball on the back, on the back end of his career bro. I'm not giving up my whole team again. I see Phoenix bro. I'm nothing bro. I can't give Up my whole team. He not, ain't nobody gonna give up nothing for KD right now. Not like that. Ks still cold. Fuck he looking for a cool deal. Cool but whole the only team that can give up something for him is like the spurge and then you got who the Spurs can trade for him and then you got OKC. Everybody else can I like Spur bro. Ok C just makes sense. They got the picks. They ain't gotta give up personnel if that dude, it ain't gonna matter too much.


Spurge would be crazy. Spur heard they got picks and they can, they got some valuable tray picks you can carry. If he went to the spurt they'd be nasty. You can get rid of bro bro and Victor Ana cheating bro. And you got D Fox that's you can give VA sale and they gonna get a top Cap or whatever. We give up VA sale we we can do it. Yeah both of them probably gotta give up Cap other. No he's not. No no deal. He don't have two bro. You have to go. Somebody have two bro. Luke. That's what I hang up bro. There you Go. Harrison Bars. See you later. You Phoenix, Harrison, bar Den Johnson Ell and Blake Wesley. Well Castle gotta go. They ain't gonna let To the place. Gotta give up something bro. Get what you getting. Don't throw a fit bro.


You're not getting some fuck. I'll let you giving up two first round picks. Fuck it Vessel. Yeah Kel Johnson Ke gotta go and Harrison bars And I say another first round pick three first Rounder. That's what it's gonna be. I'll give you two first round. No I give you one a pick swap in a second. Well now they need first round picks. I'll give you two. But it's gonna be future though. Yeah, Harrison Barnes gotta go to Charlotte bro. You gotta get that 18 meal outta Charlotte bro. Hey shout to shout to Harrison Barnes bro. My great ass BA career on the lowest of keys Bro. Ain't no bag maker for Sure show And you got shit with Golden State the first time. For Sure. Show he killed. Killed always average a dub Harrison some oranges Real you gotta go for if KD coming to town.


Oh You, You know what time Respect bro. Pack your bags. I like to see KD up there with them son Antonio. That'd be hard. I ain't gonna lie For sure. Now back to this grizzly scene. I wanna see how y'all felt like them going into the playoffs like with no coach like they said. So Rent is on the chopping block bro. I seen Perk and them saying he auditioning to stay on the Grizzlies bro. I said that's crazy. Wow. That's What they saying bro. Well so if they're not gonna have Ja, they obviously not gonna play Triple J then. Right, because that'd be crazy if they kept Triple J and then got rid of Ja. That's what it's looking like bro. Right. Ja ain't going nowhere. They saying They can't afford that bro. I wouldn't I what you, what y'all gonna do next? So who they Ja who you trading Ja rent for?


Oh My Lord. Me nobody. Yeah there's, there's nobody else who's about to come turn the city up the way y'all does bro. That's a bad business move. Terrible. But if he been, You know I don't know how he behaving but if he cutting up We ain't heard nothing. He been chilling. No. Yeah But I'm saying You know it be, it be different bro. You fire your coach bone And we, we number five out west bro. You're a two game win streak for being. They said that was because he ain't wanna change that offense. I mean they had one of the top offenses in the league but Ja want the ball. He, he don't got none of his coaches on this staff no more. They hired all his new assistant coaches so he just there really, they was really just waiting for him to be done. Oh okay. Because they hired everybody else around him. They want to run this certain kind of offense and he's running his old offense which made Ja a superstar.


So that's where the friction was at. Ja wanna run the old offense I'm assuming. Yeah. Taylor was like fuck we gonna run the old shit. This new shit is weak. Yeah. How y'all gonna pick my offense for me as a coach though? Like ball's crazy why I can't run what I wanna run. I mean that's true. Especially if it's working though. Yeah that's what I'm saying. I made two Allstar here, almost three Destin Bay. It worked. I mean that happened bro. Niggas got fired to being coach of the Year so Facts. So what happens where Carl then you a crazy crazy, I just don't now I just think that the morale of the team is down Bro. Desmond Bay put pushes his own teammate in 30 point blowout bro. Morale has already been working.


I don't Know that that had me tight. Desmond ba you my guy too. You outta pocket still bro pushing me bro. And we about 40 bro. We got a risk both of our careers at this point Bro. We gotta risk the rest of the season bro. Did you see When he, you see he was like man that's my bro man I was at his wedding. He gonna probably pull up tomorrow. Hey bro I don't give a damn about his wedding bro. Yeah you tripping bro. Your hands off. Well y'all show this score you gotta start rolling A team fighting each other the third point. Boy that's crazy. That's that's a real stuff for show man. You know they locker room crazy bro. Yeah Energy different out there for sure. Something of these four teams, which one of you you think would give the Celtics the hardest time to get back to the finals? The Pacers, Knicks calves or Bucks? Nobody.


Y'all funny as hell. I ain ain't mad at that answer. I'm gonna go with the, I'm gonna go with the calves. Okay. Just because I seen 'em compete well against them and the Pacers but Donovan Mitchell was out and they was giving him a nice run. I think if Donovan Mitchell's healthy Darius Garland's playing well they got a chance four one of these to go to go 6, 4 2. If I had to pick to go six I'd probably go Knicks just because Jalen Bruns was gonna come back strong And I remember that team at full strength and with OG playing the way he'd been playing, they give him a little bit more pressure to play defense. But I still think it's the Celtics experience. I think they'll sweep the Knicks just because of damn the atmosphere.


Sweet. Nah you gotta think when you play at the Guard everybody. Yeah everybody, everybody hyped the play at the Guard bring the brooms up and then you already know how they Oh wow. You Know how they play at home. That crowd already a Knicks or they not going for all Nick Celtics already too. Yeah they not going for that Jalen Russon Craig. They not bro. I ain't mad at y'all but but Captain Quick so good bro they can't get one game bro. Madison score they can't get game three. Sweet. They might be four one. I get y'all four one, that's about it. Yeah they can get one at the crib. I give 'em one four. I mean I've seen how well Patience played him last year. We got sweat but damn the Knicks man they played great. Got sweat freaking brus up. That's tough man because you gotta think JT and JB gonna be so hyped to play in the garden, the playoffs like the vibe gonna be different and then you already know how they play it.


TD Gar whatever it's called. Super cha said AZ said Trey Ja for the Melo no Trey Ja to the Hornets let's go. We need that backwards of the Melo and Ja Marin. That would be crazy though to swap them two out. That Just, it just get crazy in. I like y'all playing this one, this one of the wildest trade in NB Be crazy. Fuck look at ad. That'd be the best Trade in the back History. It'd be a damn near not. They both be sitting out missing games and shit. Damn are equal trade I'm near. Yeah Triple J lock in Jello about to be on all the three six mile he go Be grateful Triple J rap too. So shit it is a part of de lineage That's nasty work.


Shout to Jello who's scoring big in the NBA this season You are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the EBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Best instantly Take it to the record with DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio


Yo what's good it is Jeff t from Club five 20 Podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite eight were Duke beat Alabama, Florida B and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida B and Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in the 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food's gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with a in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine in HL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey, Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its Knees, the FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly Apre Enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami AP enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Atho is where sports music and fitness collide And we cover it all. Deva sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Humate who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It all changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know you're not Latina enough. First of All, what does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah. History makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Pace was come back down from 16 to beat the Kings yesterday on brought Aren East Smith Went crazy yesterday with 24. Halliburton went crazy with 18 and 11. DeMar. Rosa had 31 to eight yesterday. It's a bonus. Had 25 and 16 yesterday. I don't know what we can do to get back to the conference finals 'cause we in a bad position 'cause we gonna probably have to see the Celtics. So if you get there it's a great season 'cause they gonna whoop shit this year. But I definitely believe that we can get out the first round. But what is this King's team gonna do next year? Man? Blow it up. Yeah, this the king. I'm looking at all these pieces. The kings need to hire Taylor Jenkins. Yeah, that'll be a good to hire. Somebody's gonna get bust with him as a coach. That's a good call take.


Yeah you gotta blow this team up where you send DeMar de Rosen bro. Wherever he want to go bro. Let just let him be bro. Just keep shooting mids. Yeah bro. Fuck So can bro send him to the Clippers. He can go help somebody. I like him on the clips so obviously Exactly. Vinny's gonna be there franchise player right now, correct? For those two years I'm imagining. Yeah, I think Saboni would've cut out. He definitely do. Yeah but they said he complained about, You know what I'm saying? Mike Brown. So apparently he, he he over this shit. I Don't know. He kept somebody For real. Yeah. Come back home. Y'all gotta get rid of miles. See it is loud. If y'all get rid of miles. Oh we've been through that before. I don't wanna go through that again. I'm so though getting rid of miles and first samona though.


Oh last night the end of the game did not make me miss the Malonis defensively. My boy be on that eyelid looking like Christmas. But he gonna rebound that basketball. He do. I was about to say is it gonna make a difference with bonus for Miles? They gonna be the same team. Low key. We just gonna get more rebounds less. Same team Bros. Bonus box out bro. You know how I feel about boxing out bro. It is different. That's crazy. I wanted to ask you this question 'cause you was high on being, if we have to choose between Aren e Smith and Be Mathern who you roll with? Benedict Mathen got more star potential. Mm. But Aren e Smith is gonna be your every day he gonna be there. He gonna give you the same consistent shit every, every week.


He gonna be the same person. But be Benedict Mather got a chance to be a, a superstar kind of player. I shouldn't say superstar all star kind of player. I'm rolling so I'll probably take my chances on math than I would Knee Smith. But Nate Smith, he one of 'em people that do everything you need though, You know, record, rebound and blocking. He gonna hustle. He gonna play hard. He can hit a shot. Yeah. He more like the, we was comparing Old Pacers. He like Lance Stevenson. Mm. He don't play like Lance. Not at all. But he, that energy, I get what you're saying. Yeah. Utility and then math is like Paul George, You know who's special. You can see it. He just gotta turn the corner. He just gotta go do it.


Yeah. But people love Lance more than they love Paul George now. For sure. I mean even when he was on the team, when he came back, well I was on the team when he came back. Yeah, yeah. Paul said it. He said you not gonna understand how much they love this dude watch he subbed in the game bro. I was like what the fuck bro. Even a couple years ago with his first game back as a pacer, he was like on a 10 day and they played the nets and he went crazy in the first time. He was fucking killing bro. You would've thought Reggie Miller returned bro. He was killing though. Yeah bro. They retiring his jersey as a pacer. I, I don't mean bro. They they him bro. We fuck with Les bro. He had three stints as a pacer bro. That is crazy. They All got progressively worse but we still fucked with him anyway. That's a fire apart.


The child's man, all his sliders go up when he get in the city bro. Bro. At Gaines Bridge bro. He's a different player bro. Bro. His first game back was so fire bro. Bro. He, when he came back In against his the crib. That's hard bro. He a dog in the Nest bro. Charlie, the first time he came back with us bro, he got in. Hey I thought Michael Drew returned. He talking about I'm back. Hey that went crazy. Yes, I'm back on the 10 days Crazy. Then he shot a layup with the time up a little lid bro. Count to Legend for sure. Clippers got the win over the magic yesterday. Man Kawhi went crazy with 22 n eight. James Hard hat 20 and five Big Zoo went crazy.


1825 you say Top five Big be here. You was early on that what My soul is bro. He is. He really is STAs bro. He really is bro. It's not six five niggas better than him bro. I'm sorry. Shout to Big Zoo for show P five Be Car with Crazy with 26 N six and Franz Hooped out with 21 n five. Alright man, Clippers looking at that seven or ac could they scare somebody? They got, they got all the personnel telling y'all Kaw getting he getting ready bro. He been hooping every time he get on that court he be locking back in. They might want that seven C 'cause they might see the Rockets and be like we won't smoke. I can see that you play in though. Yeah. Begging for that smoke. Yeah they begging please. Yeah. Yeah they they might want that 'cause Kawa might really go to the Rockets and hoop out Because the Rockets don't want that.


The Rockets are rather, I think the Rockets would rather see the timber balls than the Clippers. Oh yeah, for sure. Of course. So yeah, you look at that right there it is a two A one game win streak. Realistically that's from six to eight than a two game perform. Five to nine? Yeah well five to eight. Excuse me. That's a better matchup for them. The Timberwolves. I don't know about the, I don't think they want them clippers bro. Damn. They got too much bro. Facts bro. They gonna get it done. Especially with NP being You know X Factor. He's the person who can get you 30 randomly too. Yeah, that's a hell of a team to deal with. Man. Shout to the Warriors too. I wouldn't wanna deal with them either. I know we talk about the clips but I don't wanna see Steph and Jimmy Bowl either. Yeah bro. I don't either. Steph can win three games bro. For sure.


Jimmy can win three games. That's already been proven. Feel me? So, but right now it's the Nuggets that's No bro. Yeah The Nugget. That's tough. That's tough. It is where the Nuggets gonna have to play. Nah That's gonna be a great series. It's gonna have to play. Yeah, there ain't no walk in the park at All that that's going seven. There ain't no walk in the park bro. Well yo been on the people. No he been killing bro. Yeah, Them 40 tripping dbs He been killing bro. He might step and Jimmy is different bro. That's, I don't, that's going seven though. That's like a toss up bro. That can go either way. But if he sees Jeremiah Green or Kon Looney on ISO coverage, it it, it would be he gonna Help on whoever on top of their head bro. It don't matter who guarding bro.


He said Quinton Post is new Walker. Kesler be gonna find out for sure. Yeah somebody send me Walker Kessler man blocks my boy leading the league in blocks or something like that. I think it was Tel but nah, no disrespect Guess or his fan base All Love no smut. He Could be a Patriot too. I ain't meant to Walker Keer protect the real, he ain't scared to get Duck on tap in I'm tell you. Nah, but they, they don't, I think the Nuggets would be a little, You need the league in blocks Bro by the Warriors. But that's, You know what and I'm gonna respect this game but that's only 'cause Victor with Myna hurt. I mean he'd be number Two. I gotta show respect. Gotta show respect. But that's the responsibility though. Sometimes you gotta take them Ls bro so you end up on shows like this getting poster ride bro. Shot Blocker. You gonna get dunked though For sure.


So we gonna celebrate you at the same time too. I respect man Big Zoo. 16 and a half, 12 and a half. Reba the game top five? Yeah he top Five ain't go look at me bro. Alright. I'm locked in. He Right after Walker Kessley first Tee off five 20 Baby. That's what disrespectful Walker. Kessel could never had them. STAs. Y'all gonna make me turn up on him. He's killing with Hall of Famers on the team bro. Come on man And Walker. Kessler's not hoop with any hall of Famers. Three ain't none Niggas on his team goes in Hall of Fame at all right now speaking of the jazz, they took l yesterday to the Hornets one 10 to 1 0 6 miles bridge went crazy with 26 10 to eight.


Na. Isaiah Coler made history yesterday in the franchise. 416 assists passes John Socker for most by our rookie. That's even crazy 'cause he started off in the G League or not playing. Yeah. So yeah real smart. Yeah so shout out to, I like him he be Diamond boy. Yeah Shout out to that young boy. Yeah everybody thought he was gonna go a little bit higher. He supposed to be number one pick coming outta UC situation and stuff. I know but hey shout out to him. And also we already know that them books was a little bit cooked too for John Stockton. So yeah. Ain't no telling where he really probably a little cook for him too. Four 16 is crazy but I'm show respect. Nah, nah. Good job though man. Nah, shout out to him. There's not too many bright spots out there. Hopefully they can capture the flag but yeah.


Wait what? Go back to that. Why? Why did Walk catch the play yesterday? Oh, return the competition re reconditioning. Yeah, he's off for the season. Yeah. What's he conditioning for? They have two weeks left. They're trying to catch the flag man. Shout to the Jazz. Did he beat the Wizards yesterday? One 20 to 94 belt to ass situation for sure. Ba we're crazy with 28 and 12. Your favorite white boy Tyler Hero? He had 27 and five and Jordan Pool had 35 yesterday. Yeah. Jordan Pool the only one that matters in this. Shout out to JP man. They can't guard you. Shout to AJ Johnson man. I'm happy he get a chance to play basketball man. He, I think he gonna be all right. Yeah, he been exciting. I mean the Wizards are awful but he been exciting.


Oh yeah, they're they are horrible for sure man. Free JP man. Where can he go to a a contender team next year? Man, he got, he got sat in Washington for another year. Stay over there man. I mean he could though. He done proved he could play on a good team bro. Yeah, he is a champion bro. He's having, he's having fun bro. Go to Charlotte bro. Let's Keith Hooper bro. Come to Charlotte bro. You Miles JP Be crazy. Brandon Miller Be score so many, We the Blues Brothers over here bro. He ain't gonna be the first team to have the entire team suspended. They gonna put the whole team out bro. DMPs for everybody bro. He, he's, I don't know where he can go man I hate that he went to the Witchers. I ain't gonna lie bro. I wish they could have figured that out in Golden State because Mont gonna pay for them sins bro.


They had it Figured out. I'm saying though, if he would've stayed in Golden State, they'll definitely still be an issue bro. They need him. They do. That's crazy man. Somebody like that who can give you that much off the bench or any team bro. He just gonna be stuck and watching Because they look at him as like a little badass kid in the league now bro. Like there's no respect bro no more. For real. Damn he lost. He lost it all. He lost the juice bro. That's crazy 'cause he ain't do shit. That's why I support him though. I keep supporting. He did. I'm talking about you go to a team like that bro. They sent you to die bro. They sent you the crash up. That's like a nigga who's shooting up the church and they let you outta jail bro. They want somebody to smoke you, You up. They line you up bro. The fail bro. Real talk. Oh I hate that for Jordan Boo.


Man They sent my boy to the nice watch they sent him from the championship team to the fucking wizards to the worst team in the house to the outhouse. He Is cold too Bro. Bro. I just hate that for him man. For Chris Millen too man. Yeah he went from contending to that's crazy bro. He right. He probably in South Carolina Already. Not for real bro. A nigga punched me And I get in trouble bro. That's crazy. What did I do? Y'all shit me on the side of the pool drive If you didn't let that practice facility up I wouldn't have been mad at JP bro.


I have felt you bro. Hey dude, you well Su for sure man. The Thunder beat the sleeves off the bulls yesterday. 1 45 to one 17 SGA went crazy with 27 to 12. I said Joe had 31 yesterday as well and Josh Giddy had 15, 10 and eight yesterday. I'm done betting on the Bulls man they let me down finally. But the super chat asked LJ what y'all think about flags to the Bulls. They had lower odds when they got Rose as possible. Those odds were cooked because Derrick Rose was supposed to go to his hometown team. Yeah you heard what LeBron said? Yeah the fix was in. Come on man. You seen Patrick Un to the Knicks that was completely fixed. Fixed was in man it's a business dog. They ain't leaving the chance to lottery balls. They don't care about us that much. Yeah but ooh flag on the Bulls.


I would love to see him there over the Wizards or the jazz. That's a hundred percent Where He from? Maine? Yeah. Damn. Got no time. He going to Utah man. Send him to Utah so crazy. That's where he going though. That's not fair bro. I don't think he care though. Ah he care. He probably care Bro. I don't think he care bro. What if he somehow got to the to the Pelicans Because like Lou will said bro, stay in college again if you want to, your ass is going to the chance no matter what. The same thing. Yeah. So I mean at this point lock in Same teams. We betray this whole team. You can play with us bro. Them so them ho they same teams gonna be awful bro. Yeah so But You know what's crazy if the Spurs got it though.


Yeah y'all said that earlier bro. That Bro the Spurs is like a piece of bro. That's a possibility. They did that shit with Doug. Tim dunk him or Something. They gonna be good bro. Bro. Cooper flag and Victor with man at your four and five is crazy and Dre Fox at your point come, come on man cast us three, all they gotta do is get a shooter after two and they lit. They did It back in the day. But you might move him to get somebody else. Somebody get, that's why would be cool if they got, if they got Cooper flag, they ain't have to move nothing. Yeah. Hey it'd be silly bro. I like but you go get Cooper do you like you entertain kd? I ain't mad at it. Okay, now at the draft, I'm trying to think of who was a player that would help that team immediately or something they might wanna build around that draft.


Yeah because they gonna be top five, top six probably Ace Bailey. I like Ace on that team bucket getter. They can shoot. Yeah 'cause they don't need Dylan. They don't need Jeremiah And they'll teach 'em how to play too. Yeah, yeah they get him right. That's a good piece. I ain't mad at it at all. For sure man. Shout out to the Thunder for taking care of bus yesterday. The net beat the match yesterday one 13 to 1 0 9. Quinton Grimes didn't hoop. I mean so excuse me. Nobody on this team hoop that we care about so we moved on them The Nets and the 76ers. We don't care about two players on the team. So if they ain't hooping, we don't care no more. But some games tonight. Wanna see how y'all feel about 'em? We got Blazers at Hawks. Blazers. I Like the Hawks. Yeah I think the Hawks are trying to win.


I don't think the Blazers are. I'm gonna go with Hawks. 76 ERs at Knicks. Nick. Nicks belt to ass Sons. Suns at bucks. Magic at Spurs. Magic. Magic. I'm go Magic Raptors at Bulls. Raptors. Bulls, bulls. Warriors at Grizzlies. Warriors. Warriors. I'm gonna go Grizzlies T, wolves at nuggets, T, wolves, nuggets, nuggets. Ooh nuggets. Don't lose their Home. Everybody away winning today. Okay I'm gonna go with T. Whoops. You see what's going on. Verified buckets Behead. Who was getting to it yesterday? We just spoke. How on you man Jordan Pool man we gonna celebrate you as much as we can bro. 35, 4 and three bro. Even though you lost it don't matter man.


Free to real my boy. Tig what you got Paige? Beckers 31 heading to the final four. Shout out to her. I know you coming back off from injury to get back to the final four in your last year. Happy for you home girl. Hey that's crazy. And her stats in Yukon history od Yeah she be killing. Especially including the fact that she got hurt. She's still top three in scoring. That's crazy. Yeah, elite lineage up there at the Yukon for sure. Mo who you got? Monroe Miles, bridges man he almost got that triple double out there holding it down 2016 to eight something slight for sure. I'm show little DeMar Rose man he had 31 to eight in the L yesterday to the Pacers but he balled out yesterday. Get well soon we'll be here. Who some encouragement Shaun Sagon, whatever your name.


Shoot a Guns down five. Yeah look at him dirty last night. Bow. Oh my Lord. Touch a earth. Make her touch earth bow. Okay, I'm gonna see what I'm gonna do to AO today. Hold on. Play that. Play that again Mike. I need to see. Let me see where he pushed him at. Okay. On the cross through the leg say less. Okay As he for Oh Don, I ain't gonna lie. If I get crossed I'm gonna just stay there for a little bit. Trying to run back and then get a nigga blow past you again. I'm shit. Shout To Troy Hudson. I know. It's like oh like why the fuck am I out here anyway?


Get lonely on that Ali for sure. Mines well loaded. The clip up him again. He had a rough night yesterday. Jackson Hayes called him blacking. Hey see South show Bob Jackson. Hayes so happy right now. Me bro. He was on his way out and about to get a three year deal. Wow. Ain't know what's crazy. We didn't check that Mark wheels Man. Ron fade them re cool. Who Bro? Did you see it the other day? I'm talking about today? It Was a remix At the doc riff. That's the Chris Paul. That's where he need to Be. I fuck with that Brian.


Yeah Bro you can't have it all bro. It's okay. Be bald. Nah bro, I bro you can't be the goat bro. You can't have it All bro. I'm a billionaire bro. Leave me alone bro. Give me a hair alive bro. On me. Niggas always try to tell people that what to do when they rich. No bro. Gimme a hair line bro. I'm rich. We just talked about tv nigga show your, show your money bro. Talk about Show me it's possible. Show me you can do it too. Get smoke the real bull for sure. Give bus up to Tony Bradley.


Man, I got W yesterday stepped on us, pull up back to Gaines Bridge. Got very disrespectful. Damn you got dunked on nice as hell. That was a nice ass though. Polite ass though. Yeah. Hey excuse me. Damn. Shout To Tony Brady. You know what I'm saying? Make a resurgence man. Yeah, We thought he got quiet for my boy for a second baby. He been balling for us some 10 days for sure. Shout to him. Get that bag. Yeah, it is quiet as hell. Hey. Hey man. He supposed to foul the shit outta him or something. That shit does. They get Attacked. You end up backwards though. On the block bro. Niggas are sad. Ended up backwards. Jesus was crazy. Yeah.


Polite ass up. Yeah it's dumb Excuse life. Hey he ain't yell or nothing nigga arms Long as Hell. That's he jam. He space jam his ass. Hey what's crazy? He was so slow. The hip side defense was horrible. We be on some bullshit at the crib but yo man Tara Easton went crazy yesterday. Dorie Finney Smith. I know you hooped out but it got, it got ugly yesterday. Bow come here. Hey Tar Easton a bucket bro. He just don't play some games. Like why NBA players is different School. Yeah bro. He's just way too good. 21 minutes yesterday. 13 points bros. Crazy. That nigga like six nine, bro.


For real? Yeah, because Dorry Finn Smith. Hey. He like 6, 8, 6. They dude, what's the name bad on that team too Kim? He gets no tick but he winning it off the court. Yeah. Ever since he posted that he ain't play bro. Nah. Play once to all. That's what you doing. Yeah. You ain't get no extra shots up. Don't worry about it. That's crazy how a BA is bro. You can't do nothing in your free time bro. You can do it. Post it especially get an extra Shot. That's it. Just Don't post it. They be killing. They be killing bald Jordan. They would just like, they used started the podcast back after for three weeks. He was like, bro, they season been trash bro. He should have been pot don't cook. We definitely gotta roll this Jim. Well the A I almost forgot they had freaky Mike fucked up with the production cash.


Cash. The above the rim edits come again. Crazy Cash. That pull up is disgusting. The curve ball paint, the edit is wild. Lemme get a shot, nephew House. Fire edit trash nigga. Pull up in the Cardi again with a bank three. You know Mike said, talking about if you're going to edit something, it's the right way. Ain't no more commercial nigga. That's like LeBron, I got too much money for the shit. Hell no. Oh Man. I'm crazy.


Oh man, it it's crazy man. Shout to HUTV for sure man. Listen, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back. Same time tomorrow, five 20 In The Morning. The Volume


For a limited time at Verizon, you can get our best price ever for a single line. Just $45 per month when you bring your phone, which is less than you spend on. Too Tired to cook takeout every week, get one line on unlimited welcome for $45 per month with auto paid plus taxes and fees. Visit your local Verizon store today. $20 monthly promo credits supplied over 36 months with a new line on unlimited welcome in times of congestion unlimited 5G and 4G LTE may be temporarily slower than other traffic, domestic data roaming at two G speeds. Additional terms apply.


Hey, all you women's soups, fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player, Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia Is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Cam Ramon at Amela Ortiz and our podcast Banjo is where sports, music and fitness collide And we cover it all This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.