
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Get In the zone. AutoZone. Welcome to bundle deal days at AutoZone. Well, I do need a bundle of things. When you bundle, you save. Do I save If I bundle oil with an oil filter, save up to $12 on that bundle. What about brake pads and rotors? Bundle? Those and the brake pads are free. Can't save more than free. You can save on hundreds of deals during bundle deal days ends June 2nd at AutoZone. Get in the zone. AutoZone restrictions apply. DUR last brake pads. Only Some stands for.


So others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


The Volume. Good morning. Happy Mondays five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sport show. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Everybody showed up to work this morning. We got five 20. Moog Bishop Teague. How y'all doing this morning? What's up bro? How y'all doing? Come on man. Hell of a weekend in sports. Hell of weekend first and foremost for five 20. Man, shout out to five 20 day this Saturday. Everybody who pulled up to back nine, we appreciate y'all man. Shout to Boost Mobile for bringing the vibes. JD Sports came through with the Black Forces. Yeah and shout to be here man. He started a new career as a tour guide of the city. My boy had Bow Wow all through Nap the weekend man. Yeah, shout out to Bow and his team man. Appreciate y'all for pulling up though. I had to show him a little hospitality man.


Yeah, I looked at the ID story. My boy said Nap Town owes me nothing. Yeah, He went crazy man. I'm glad he had a good time though. And like DJ said, appreciate everybody for pulling up. For Sure, for sure. Sure man. Appreciate everybody who slid through y'all were crazy with the merchant. Appreciate y'all again. Last certain, not least man. Agent B hen got the deal done, You know what I'm saying? In Vegas. Yeah. Shout out to Jefferson another seven 20, You know what I mean? In the seven 20 club. So he will be at every city. No excuses. Fuck outta here. No weeks off, No weeks off. I think we got a 10 week tour with the big three. So Cube. I got you. We locked In man.


Man that live stream was one of the favorite things I think we've ever done. 'cause I hope, think nobody expected for that shit to happen the way it did. Nah Bro. I be telling people like this shit just be organic. For real. Yeah. We literally didn't talk on that live stream. Like I, Mike was pissed and then I told put some respect on us bitch we golden then. Yeah I I was not to say I didn't wanna play in a big three, it was cool to play or whatever but I just know I gotta miss a couple dates so that's why I was like nah for sure. For sure. I was pressing the issue to play. We didn't believe that was real. Like we played all the time. Yeah. And stuff for that to really go through like nah y'all really gotta talk to him to see what he's available For real.


But then they was telling me I'm Shado. I was like you can't take my joke. We had already said it like he said with the fifth pick because the second round Then Mike is out of pocket for not telling us that these people are watching Us. Yeah. I'm like why didn't you let us know so we at least could be a little bit more active on screen. He ain't say shit. We like hey Mike. Mike had got a microphone to defend himself. So it's actually looked at a microphone today actually can't hear me. But I wasn't gonna say nothing else you, you didn't say a word. I Like a word because people were right chasing me like bro y'all out of pocket for having a draft in the background and y'all talking over it like y'all part of this shit or Not. No we the real draft.


Yeah. Next time big three pay we you victory three. You should let us do it bro. For sure. That's way more fun. Yeah. New season. No disrespect but Cube ain't supposed to be doing that. Nah he supposed to be behind the scenes smooth. Chilling, chilling. Shout to Cly Drexel, we got you next time nasty for sure. But like we said man tomorrow the official five 20 day limited church will be available. Please tap in for those who could make it. We appreciate y'all. It's almost gone y'all. Yeah. Limited capsules but let's get straight to it. OKC beat the sleeves off the nuggets yesterday man. Belt to as situation. The end a season 1 25 to 93 SGA 35 4 3 in a closeout. J Dub showed up at 24 and seven. Joker had 29 and seven and Chris LeBron had 19 Boys gassed.


They was gassed, they was Gassed, they was hurt by shit. Yeah man. First and foremost Salute to Aren Gordon for even trying to play yesterday. Yeah that show that says a lot about his character. He's had a hell of a post-season run so far and for him to play with a hamstring injury like that, I know y'all talk about it all the time. It's one of the worst things to have. Yeah and You know what that could lead to number but respect to him for even showing up yesterday. Yeah for sure. Facts. He gonna be out for a couple weeks though. He probably gonna sit down for about a month and a half. Yeah. Then there two. Yeah I mean listen it's a perfect time to sit down off season for show get yourself together. Yeah like we said we seen that lead to a lot of different other injuries in history. I'm happy we didn't see that there but since more about all cast C taking care of business be here and your team. Oh yeah man MVP shit life shit.


I told you I was gonna go seven but niggas is just sad. I've been telling y'all this whole series Michael Porter Jr. If you want to come ever wanna come to a Hendrick experience even jta, it's on me baby JTA will be in jail. So You smoked this whole series? I I believe he probably average like four points this series bro. You did? Yeah like probably third on the team in minutes. So salute to you nasty. And unfortunately for him as well bro he was severely injured this seriously He tried to show up for his team but he was severely Injured. Listen y'all niggas play basketball if you out there hoop you out there. If you out there, you out there bro. Your as. I don't neither one of y'all is playing a nigga if you saying he can't lift his arms Facts.


You know what I'm saying? I ain't going bro. Get Well Soon nigga. Now I, You know what I'm saying not to put no s smart on OKCs win 'cause they want like they're supposed to but a lot of people feel like if Mike Malone was out there think might went a little bit different. How you feel about that here? That's Why you got fired because it wouldn't have, they probably wouldn't have made it that far. Nah, they probably would've did better with Mike Malone. He had a better pulse for that team obviously. But I mean I guess you can't say that because they was having locker room problems but he would've played some of them other guys so Yeah, Yeah, Yeah most definitely. They talking about Julian Strother should have had more minutes than this. Yeah, Zeke should got more minutes than this. We talked about that contract. They resurfaced that on Twitter yesterday. They said hold on, he ain't getting no burn to get 8 million a year.


He's a goat. Yeah. Yes he is on me. Yeah he got in the game at the end he sad as hell M so I put that one on on played bro. Bro he ain't played all year. He could barely hit the rim bro. I'm like this nigga getting a lot of money. He should be making a couple shots Right now Mo bro. He ain't played it all year for sure. What was that two years ago when he got that deal point Gone? I know that Two years when he, before he got, before he got the deal he was hooping. Yeah. Ah he he used to kill Get the gym bro. He was one of them dudes. You'd be like yeah let's lock him in early 'cause he probably fuck around gonna outplay this. Yeah. And then he didn't play no more. Rico Hanes calling bro. Give him a call. Let him come well seen. You know Rico. Yeah. You know gimme some of them thorough speeches that you be giving these grown as.


Hey that's one of my favorite parts of summer, summertime basketball. The Rico s runs. Yeah he be talking to go, Hey I know y'all overseas players, y'all cool but y'all really sad compared to these niggas and I need to listen to them and I fuck with that if I got a 12 year event here. Yeah bro, shut up and listen to him. To him bro. He figured it out. It be him and then Earl Watson come out nowhere like yeah tired of that shit. Nah, damn Earl Earl be talking greasy too boy Rico You gotta go down because he be just play the right way, You Know what I'm saying? I love that. He like hey don't be here doing that S shit. Somebody get lay up, let it go. I fuck with that Rico pull up og. You know the love is here bro. For sure. But listen, joker championship window, is it closed with this team?


Yeah it is over. It's over Bro. Mm Damn y'all closing It? Nah he need some with this team. Yeah it's over. They gotta, they gotta make a big trade. Let's go to this roster N PJ Murray time is up bro. It's Time. No. Oh we need a new player for him bro. No, Nah, nah, nah. Yes we do. We gotta get rid of N PJ first. Okay, I like that. Definitely gotta get Rid of him. We is cooking this morning. He said let's go get him going. It's about to go ahead, run it, run with him. Let's look at the roster new energy bro. Who? Who You need It don't even, damn we need a Trey Young, we need something for Jamal Murray bro. Trey Young to Denver. We Need something. I hate it. I would love that. Him and Joker. No I'm talking Jam. I'm Atlanta GI hate Jamal Murray for Trey Young.


Hate it. Yeah y'all, y'all get murdered this time Bro. This time I would turn that down with the first. I agree. Hang up. Yeah I agree bro. Your time is up. You trade him like that Mo you I don't like, like the energy bro. He raised a better than gave Him everything he had to give Bro. I think they need another guard but I think they gotta get rid of N pj. I don't think they need to trade Jamal Murray. So You don't wanna bring help like bro saying that You know uplift the team. You want to get rid of the star player of the team bro. Nah, the star player is a joker. That's his co-star though bro. No we need a new co-star bro. He gave us everything he had to give bro. You gonna get the same shit from another player. Nah. Damn I wish Dame wouldn't hurt go gimme Dame or something like that bro.


Mm god. New stars in Consolation. I'm not mad at Damien Joker. I ain't mad at that Now You know you got a joker in ag for sure. They locked in. Yeah you look at Russ like I said on a minimal deal, gave them maximum contributions despite, You know people fed about them bring him back. He back ru Not it was some controversial like people was playing him. They probably gonna get a young dude. Okay Man they could bring Russ back. They can he really good season. Yeah Russ play good but You know like when you older. Yeah and I see what and you effective, like I told you, Russ is so polarizing that if he on your bench you gotta play him. Like people gonna start chatting, put Russ in. Nah I see what you're saying.


You know what I mean? It's A Problem and no matter what he do he gonna play hard as hell. So they probably going to, They was trying to play that little guard the other guard over him. That would've been crazy bro. Yeah like what, what you doing? That would've been crazy. They probably gonna let Russ go. He gonna have to go to a super veteran team like Mm. Shit I don't even know somebody that's like super established like this team was established this year, that's why it was good. But I'm assuming they gonna be a little different next year 'cause NPJ probably gotta go. Yeah. I don't know where that where Russ can go. He'd have been there everywhere that I feel like this. He supposed to win. I feel this team trust him. He he be going to some places. They don't be rocking with Russ bro. Nah. And they make him look like he crazy. I'm sure he want to come back but I'm just saying if I'm a GM it is like damn do I develop somebody else or do I keep getting Russell Westbrook?


Who about to be in his 18th T Minnesota ain't gonna play Rob Russ might as well go there. Oh don't you worry. Oh Rob to play he has to play This shit. He Will get him next year Rob. Rob will be the starting point guard here. He has To bro. Yeah, I hope so. Shit it what's the problem? Shout out to Mike okay this Year. I get it. It's cool. We going develop you let Mike show you the way next year he has to play bro. Okay. I'm I'm a I'm a fan bro. I'm just saying like I want to know what's the hold up. Nah, I feel you. I feel like he should've played too but okay Mike going help Out. He got hurt though at a bad timing too. He did And also to be fair there are the Western conference finals and you a rookie. Yeah so, so far. So we figured it out And Mike Conley out there playing, he hitting shots a little bit so I mean it's Rob Dillingham my favorite player in the NBA besides Jay McDaniels Go on DJ with this Taylor Super J JT Hurt.


He ain't in the NBA right now AC You see Rob got the new, the new Nike joints with the new logo on there. Oh yeah that's hard. Yeah he Supposed to be sitting me up here. I can't wait. Oh What dude got a question for y'all but y'all play the game and shit. So when a player get hurt in the real season, are they hurt on the game? Yeah if you do update the rosters, yeah. Oh Okay, okay. I was just asking. That's random but Most definitely. Alright and the Super Tech Chaz Pool said Jeff what's up with all the BS you was speaking to KC and Shay last week Better respect us. We got best for whoever needed. I promise you okay. Okay see so get shit. What did say real what'd I say about him? He's overrated. Basically I Ain't say it all. I said Say he was boring. Oh yeah he boring. He ain't a personality, he ain't a top 20 personality in the NBA.


He just say he was boring. My, my post game interviews with my team is is Swaggy bro. Not though. 'cause y'all in Oklahoma Lil we fun bro. Did y'all see the post he had though after the game he was just like hey they said I was wilding when I was smiling. That was fired. That was down when he Did that catches You know the fun guy bro? He need a rap bro. He got a ghost writer for Cap bro. I ain't giving him crack that one. Somebody write his catches for it. Shout out to CP Shout to t. I mean he cold as a basketball player but I still don't think his personality is key. Huncho set in the super chat. Russer Knicks T will play him 30 minutes off the bench. Hell, hell no. They need a motherfucker like that though. Well Shout out to Russ but if he's available you can pull up and play the series against a paces.


We would love to have you on the court game. Russell Westbrook will not be a New York knick. We would love to. I promise you that court against us bro. You know he gonna go somewhere like what? Yes bro. He has horrible moments in games. That changes the games bro. Yeah he does bro. Bro. He be, he Killing but he has like a span where he fucks the game up bro. Russ, Brooke gotta go to a team like y'all nigga. Okay. He need to go to, he need to go to Milwaukee. He a Airball Fallon nigga. Nah, rusty had to go to Milwaukee. Thatt like they dame hurt. Yeah I like That. Yeah he gotta go somewhere. Explain It though, around why you think that? Because He just, 'cause he got a, I don't give a damn attitude. Right. Yeah. And when you play with Gianni he need a nigga that like cut to the basket set screens get rebounds like play different spot.


Yeah he like Drew Holiday, the transition Ball would be crazy. Yeah he like Drew Holiday a little bit. Not not as good on defense but like do all that little shit like go get offensive rebounds get under the bucket lot of he don't shoot so he might scream for you and shit like that. Like that's the only downfall about Russell Faki on shoot the three. But he played like Drew Holiday in a sense like okay now you spoke about Holly, about the transition. What happens in the half court? Because if we playing a nightmare it is team under but they go for straight had To get some shooters Around him. That's the thing. Westbrook, well Giannis, he don't gotta be the point guard. He a point guard naturally when Giannis go out Westbrook, he gonna come off the bench, do his shit, whatever he do.


But when he in game with Giannis he gonna go to the dunker. Like I don't know if y'all ever watched when Rondo used to play. Yeah he used to pass the ball and he'd go under the bucket and wait for people to drive. He'd get layups on offensive rebounds, all type of shit. That's what rest book be doing. Okay. Most definitely that's what he should be doing. If he ain't making this stick, the fuck would That break down? I mean I don't think Giannis want to stay but I ain't, I ain't mad at that. I mean shit they gonna have to get somebody in there. I said that because Dame hurt, they'd be really nice if Dame was You know a hundred percent and they had Westbrook coming off the bench. They need something Now. Okay. See how you feeling Be here. I'm, y'all know how I ride.


Are you conflicted? You got two teams you gotta root for that's playing against each other right now. I am. You know I don't got enough. You know I'm the real NBA 2K. I called this shit but I'm a little torn bro 'cause I want to see AE in the championship. Mm. I think the world though Like a six C going to the chip with that type of star it it is lit for the NBA. It's lit for the world. I think it's lit for the ratings. I agree with y'all like Shaa ain't as turned as ae or as exciting but yeah I think okay C got the better team so I'm conflicted y'all, I'll let y'all do y'all thing but depending on Jalen Williams bro, if he act like he act yesterday it's over. But if he disappear and all that shit they they can beat them.


Yeah because Julius r being Jr. You know what's crazy? I Think You gotta call him play off Jr. I think this is the matchup that favors the Timberwolves. I agree because everybody on the Timberwolves can guard right. Yeah there's no, it ain't no Not no it It's a perfect matchup though. Yeah. Yeah. It ain't like no Jay McDaniels can lock like I ain't gonna say ain gonna lock Shay up but he can make it difficult for Shay. Sure. But then sure Anthony Edwards he ain't no ho either. Yeah and Mike Conley can guard too. Yeah I need Che to step Up. I think she cousin be guard. Yeah So shit I I need Che to do his thing.


I think that's the matchup that's going who? The series Che versus gonna be that matchup that's gonna be deciding factor be fool boy he gonna bully he got Don't speak on that might be that Ain the match and then Rudy go, I ain't gonna lie. Rudy Gobert, he gonna affect shit. He dangerous see Work because Shay playing the tools. Yeah. And that fit Rudy game like yeah He Can help. I get fucked up. He used to get fucked up when they did the switch, the small ball motherfuck shoot threes and shit. Yeah. But nah this is perfect for real. Especially if y'all playing Hartenstein man this kind of dude work out for the timber. Yeah this this gonna be some great basketball for show make the book is play in the twos.


Yeah it's gonna be a goodie though because check can shoot but he don't shoot like Am my only beef with OKC and I. They not some hoes it is just nah they not hoes. The T wolves are so aggressive that might Yeah bro it might pull their confidence away. So Yeah they hook six park for sure. Lou dot though he can guard. He gonna make it tougher. Lou dot Nigga gonna make make it tougher. Ae Lou dot the big bo fucker. Yeah that nigga a football player. He going jab him though. He going get him. He's in the spinning roll. He gonna shake the shit outta him. He Gonna put Chet in them picking roll. Yep we from this subject. When SJ go get his MVP what we gonna find out?


Yeah, That's what I'm saying. Why are we holding this award so motherfucking long Man the NB just doing if they want to. That's bullshit bro. Give him his award man. Fuck yeah he had, he literally had to make it here to get rewarded bro. We had to make sure nigga, I ain't gonna lie. He really play like Kobe. I've been seeing them highlights They been, nah I ain't Y y'all seen that some highlights. Yeah. Damn. Let me see, I, I was watching yesterday, I was like this nigga shoot all Kobe shots like one time he went to the baseline, they had him side by side, he did a lot of Kobe shit. Oh. Got see that he went to the baseline one time and he just gathered up and shot it. He missed it though. And I was like man was some Kobe shit. It was like two niggas running at him. He the smoothest nigga in the NBI like that He shit Now I didn't like what he said that Kobe was more athletic Jordan but I respect him, You know what I'm saying? Being the muse. Who said he was a more athletic G said that he talk to some kids.


I said stop talking to the kids. Exactly. Yeah. SGA must not know that's that connect shit. He disrespectful. He good. They young, they More athletic. Jordan Jordan was so fucking athletic. Yeah, yeah he young bro. He don't know no Better. No motherfuckers forget Michael Jordan came in the league in 85. Yeah but that's what I'm saying. Motherfucker has No idea about that. Yeah he remember Shay wasn't even he remember Mike in 96. He might remember Michael with the Wizards bro. No, I about to say He Ain't never seen Mike in the bass line with the two the lead joints. Yeah, he got some Kobe vibes though. He do man, he a killer man. Oh yeah. This is Christmas right here. All all right. I don't wanna watch the rest of these weak ass highlights. I'm just playing. I'm playing y'all. I'm playing Please y'all. He's, I'm joking Please.


So we all made mistakes right, but on up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans degree. Whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My car is making this noise. Sometimes it's like and sometimes it's like Do you have a dash light on? Oh yeah. And we don't have to listen for clues. With the free fix finder service we can read a check engine, A B, S or maintenance light to find the likely fix and even recommend a local shop if you need one. So You don't need to hear the Not with fix finder Everything. You need nothing. You don't get into zone auto zone restrictions apply.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington DC


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume Hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Alright man to the other side. No, here we go. That's easy. That's actually crazy. You know he has three in conference. I don't like that. But the fact that he going from New York versus to Pacers Concrete speed. He got a Knicks hat. Oh I mean fuck Yankees hat on. This is nasty. What's my nigga Peter Gus on. Hey this is crazy Bro. You gonna Peter Gus for the anthem of New York and discussing Out deal Rough riders. I got on clips beat They ass for jumping that pacer fan Out there. Yeah I Didn't fuck with that. We beat they ass for I I didn't fuck with that.


We whooping as Everybody else green nigga Shit bro. I dunno why he walked as if that wasn't gonna happen too. We whooping Them for that shit bro. Yeah. Pacers and six Bro. Yeah, somebody pulled up to the mural and peed on it. The Reggie mural. It was that somebody? Yeah bro. Somebody pulled up the bro. Where's the line at? Hold on what a kkk. A ride. Well I think he was, he might be in one of them so. Oh my. How much is To cut the line? That's disrespectful bro. You got a hundred on Man. Disrespectful. Obviously we know the Nixon. Where the gang at man? Where the sheets?


She say pull up Hundred three. Hey We gonna get to the fever game. We already fighting up allegations of that shit here. We don't need no more. Come on Y'all. Y'all really think the patients can beat the Nicks Crazy, crazy. That nigga said the hundred three. That is crazy Egyptian. That's what we about to start calling them not racism is crazy but obviously the Knicks took care of the Celtics Eastern Conference finals. You know what I'm saying? How we feeling? How we feeling? Y'all talk about it. You hear? You hear them bro. Shit, I I I'm like I I'm I'm taking all Mo Give give you a real we need, we need need real basketball analysis from you Jeff and dj.


Man break it down man. Break this serious. I Can't give you a Knicks Fan bro. This is, I'm not a Knicks fan but the only people I've known this series that play I'm cool with on the Knicks For sure. I fuck with JB OG Watch our show too. So none the patient niggas watch us bro. Oh OG OG Watch show you fuck with the show. Yeah. Okay well we fucking with og. Yeah. All right. If you fuck with the show, I fuck with you. PJ called me yesterday so You know I got my hat. What I'm saying? He said I'm coming to the city. What's up baby? Yeah, I said shit you got PJ Parlay in a long time so you obviously that line you got some play. He talking about coming back on the show. All we got to he gonna turn up PJ come back here.


He said he ain't playing this city. Bring some sneakers bro. Bring your heat bro. Bring the Smoke. He about to come here with some Reggie Miller piece. Oh shit. On some real shit though. He ain't play this series. Nah it's over bro. Come kick it with the game Bro. God fuck with me. Go foot with which tap in for sure. I think it's gonna be dope for sure. Obviously it's a historic rival between the two franchises. We took care of them last year so they're trying to get that revenge back. For sure. But I'm gonna tell you right now, if t play that drop coverage for Ka patience is six, they better adjust. Yeah I love they better adjust talk that real basketball talking crazy.


Yeah they better adjust. I know that that seven minute rotation don work with us. But one thing about them what they do, they fight over screens 'cause shit they just thought that's the same thing they just thought about poor Zenga like all that drop coverage ain't gonna work. Ziga wasn't hitting on shit but they even went smaller. They had Alford to shoot threes that wasn't hitting on shit. 'cause OG and them be blowing them screens up him and Mikel Bridges. They be running through shit man. What they blowing screens up? Who y'all Gotta guard Cat, Mouse, mouse? Yeah I'm fine with that. We good. Put a bow Mouth, we good. Oh I am just fine with that. The biggest bow. We good. I seen some hold him up with no problem. We good with Miles. We good And Kat foul too much too. That's another thing too. I seen Kat do the interview with the New York accent bro.


Oh don't you work? It is up the Drake it is there for sure. We not we check the tree. We not losing to no nigga like that. Yeah a nigga N Nigga real New York nigga. Real New York Street nigga. He from, He's from Jersey. He said the nigga dunno where he from bro. We not Jersey like Caramel to India. Exactly Kick go ahead and play that shit. You from my, my niggas from the Rucker. You know I tell all my brothers that was with me at Rucker Park, all my brothers that was with me in all those au games in Tri-State. Especially in New York. New York. You know I dedicate to this to them. You know they Hey something's wrong with This moment.


For Real to be on Be a neck and profile thumb. You know I don't know without thumb have the same moment without them. Hey beat they ass. That's for shit like that bro. I don't wanna fuck the Knicks up Aging 30 against shot Niggas. Why nigga Cat got seven different voices cannot lose that nigga. Shot that picture for me Mike please My nigga shoulder replacement dog. We can't lose to these niggas bro. Kat might be a Troll. I ain't putting that on my Twitter. He's a troll bro. That is my AbbVie. That nigga said no you guys see the interview where that nigga was in the car with somebody. Him and my killed Bridges they was talking about That was crazy. That nigga voice was so funny. That shit was crazy. It was him.


Who was they doing the interview for? White dude bro. Yeah Man y'all role players gonna have to play outta y'all body this series Mo. I mean ain them doing it. They are consistent. That's what they do. They're not playing outta body. They bro, we played 10 people for a reason and I promise our first five is better than everybody Bro. To camera. They gotta hold up bro. Yeah you are right. That's a lot of started five May there but boy when he get to the subs Yeah throw campaign out there so we can get to it. Oh whoa. Put a ball him, we can get to it. He set the tree, He can come in and get some little little, that's why niggas hit the Gator. Right. Hey y'all see Jim Jones try to put some twelves on with jeans? Yeah I think and You know what, I think that was inspired by you saying 12 suck and then he got out there and put them 12 on with that fit and said nigga torture said you too old to be a nigga was going crazy yo don't Try to jail man.


Yeah I fuck with Jim Joe. That dude I used to wear my braid, I used to brush my braids like him. That's crazy. That's crazy. I used to brush my, I'm my mama bro. You got a lot of inspiration growing up bro. Jim Jones bro I ain't look up to that many niggas. Jim Jones Nigga bro. I try to, I like damn Jim Jones. But they say we are not logged in like a YouTube premium during the draft. We had ass during the big draft. Nigga say pull up Jim Jones. Jim Jim Jones are getting fresh though. I ain't gonna violate that. So my niggas probably Dressed like a Y bro. Yeah bro he Does not him or Faab. Hooper is more like a y. Oh Jim Jones Fab Be fresh f with that shit on for you. Fab dude. Fab And Jim did two for a really long time but at some point You know you just, it's okay to, I think they still just stay with the, they stay with the Times bro.


Yeah, yeah that's all But you 50 bro. It's okay to switch to Mike. Why are we showing that on Some real shit? Oh you got this from Fab? Oh so the ACL came from Fab? Yeah That is Faab. This nigga fa I was Inspired early On. Mm. Shout out to Fad. So y'all, how y'all gonna be dressing when y'all get old when y'all 40, 50. Oh I already started. I got old man straight. I straight how I'm supposed to dress straight 90 swag Tracy Morgan. I ain't gonna lie Bro. I cannot no bullshit Though. Like Nah I can't wait to throw on the linen outfit though. The barbecue cookers? Yeah it might be this summer. I might come in this motherfucker bro. I'm straight windbreakers 19 Break Cool shit bro. We gotta do Qk W with me and the linen outfit bro.


Top of bottom Match 50. Yeah You know nothing under that motherfucker mo Respect don't bother. Let's go to the super check question. What the fuck bro? You come here and dress like mouth at 50. It's crazy bro. You can't do that bro. Wearing some Amir at 50 go home nigga you can't do that bro. Nah bro. You can wear a black Amir shirt with a Miria crossing and some jeans. Y'all wildling. Y'all niggas is not about to be wearing no old nigga clothes. I'm I want Y 67 I'm gonna Look cool but I'm not gonna look like I'm 22. I'm dressing like Jay bro. You see what Jay-Z wears nigga wear straight sweatsuits to every event. Yeah that's Jeff Teague. For real for sure. Alright. Smoke face killing the Super Chest says damn Cat boy actor that is funny as hell. Yeah he be wild Smoke Smoke face Killer.


That's a name bro. Oh Red Wolf under 28 HD Gaming. God boy get your ads off. He said Get Well Soon to Angel Reese. How you let Christopher Maloney push you like that? God damn Christian Maloney is fried disrespectful, very disrespectful. Shout to you. You outta pocket up. I root for the fever. Hold on now. Yeah hold on gang Cadillac said just watch five 20 on Patreon. Shout out to the Patreon game. Y'all did great. Keep that shit up man. Take the show on the road for more live pods for sure. Let us know y'all on the set. We got a couple seasons in mind but we'll love to pull up on y'all have a live show man. Alright man let's get straight to the wx like you talk about. Let's go to the play they got everybody flushing their bros in our uproar. Yeah WNBA fans, y'all gonna have to get used to this new NBA Twitter shit.


We don't do that soft shit like y'all like I guess we don't have the highlight for it to play at All. I don't like how they make them a rivalry. For real. It ain't no rivalry, it's not a rivalry at they Trying to gas that. Yeah I don't like that. Here's Here's a clip that everybody was fake upset about. That's not a bad F But How But look at the bench though. A lot of people didn't see like the play before that. I'm gonna keep it, I'm gonna keep it gangster with her. She flopped. Yeah and she pushed the girl first. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's why people not seeing that. I don't like that shit. Niggas weren't watching the game so Bro it is basketball. There are flagrant fouls, there are all types of stuff that happens in basketball. Stop being weird. Bad fo though. I know I like Angel Reese but that's a flop.


Like she just reached down and hit the ball. She ain't pushed you afterwards. She can't let you make a lay layup bro. Yeah and I'm okay with you reacting like that be on that. That's Cool. She would've swung up at your throat and shit like that then you could've Tweeted. But I hate when people do the extra like relax y ain't nobody about to fight basketball And y'all know Kailyn Clark's not Finn fight bro. No way. She walk. Right. She kailyn Clark. She really about to help her up her Her shit though. Yeah That's basketball. But look bro, she's not trying to fight bro. She's out here to hoop. She really is about to help her up at First Boy Aaliyah, Boston Boys Like if you look her intent like she's about to go over there and get her. It's some big ass girl. And then she got up, she said Oh shit, nah Aaliyah Boston. Yeah she ain't, she ain't like Broh boss hold shit down baby D how she pushed Kaylin?


Bitch go get outta here. I got Her, I got her. Now you see the whole team shit now go up there, get out the way. Keep shit cool. Yeah man I don't know why had all those weird ass stink pieces. Writer Robert Griffin iii. His tweet was fucking disgusting. What did he say bro? Basically saying she hates her. This is why she did that. Shut up Rob Parker was right. You are a corny ass nigga. But But that's, that's why this shit gets blown Up. Yeah like bro bro it's it's unnecessary bro. It's a basketball play. You dickhead. I don't don't turn that up. I hate when people do that bro. He say Kailyn hate her. He said like she hates her. No they don't hate each other. That's a basketball play. Like if you being real what dude Angel Reese get that Kaitlyn Clark don't get. Why would she hate her? Why what? I think the media is doing that so much.


It is really gonna make Angel be on that when she see her 'cause she's turning into that bro. But It is, it is turning they shit up though. It do. I mean as long as It's wwe it's Turning NBA up. Honestly. But Y'all gonna get y ass whoop by them every time you're playing. Yeah Because Chicago Sad. It's not robbery ain't a robbery. Y'all gonna get smoke. Yeah, Chicago's sad. Yeah Fever are nice So it's just some internet shit bro. It's just bringing attention to these And it is bad because you everybody is using this for their own narrative. Like you got a lot of fans that are definitely racist, that used Kayden Clark to hide the fact that they're racist. Yeah we've been seeing it a lot of different stuff in. It's nasty as hell. Even the fact that the W had to step in and say hey clean this shit up before Allstar gets moved around. But then you got other stuff for people just using this for their own sakes bro.


It's not that deep. They playing basketball don't be weird. It ain't gotta be no race war shit. You can honor both of those players. Keep it on court if you keep it on court. No they're not comparable. They're in different worlds, they're in different situations. Of course Angel Reese is gonna be the franchise with the Sky. They're growing. They ain't have a practice facility. She getting 'em turned up. Kaylin Clark Generational Talent, she's the one they put the team around her right now. I'm excited. Just keep it basketball, y'all don't Be here. I'm excited for the WNBA season. Come On man. No let's, let's break the games down though. 'cause Kaly car did have a triple double that game. Yeah, nah I did come missing on saying some scummy minutes to be fair. Yeah, coach pushed the issue for sure. Yeah she said she gonna get that for sure as she should. What I'm, I'm only my second year. Yeah whatever We gotta do. Yeah, Yeah she's time for third all time and Triple Dubs already and she ain't played 50 games but like you said the W kicked off last Friday.


Hold on. I'm sorry dj. Yeah we gotta get better. We have to Get better. Well this is better. This is the new wave. This is better now me to Already lead this team and I just only played 12 games. The WNBA We got lock she third all time already. Third all time we got Lock second. This is first game. First game of her second season. Y'all played More games than Park bro today. It is safe to say like bro the former Hoopers was kind of sad. I won't say that he's scared. I won't say that. I love this thing again. This he scared say that he's scared but if you think of like if you think about that like but Kayla's one of the ones, she's definitely one of the better ones already.


For sure They were sad. Not everybody was sad She caught you in one season. Thank come on. That's crazy. Thank you. Woo. I'm sorry I love and franchises this is league history. I didn't f the league. What the fuck Triple doubles in the W not the franchise. That's crazy bro. So she already won in franchise history right? Oh yeah I'm talking about the actual league. So she cool in the fever books already. Come on. She locked it. What? Well y'all she our jersey already. Her jersey already retired. Talk to me because she's the fever of all time. We got Tightened up y'all. We got Tighten up.


Let's go to the box scores y'all folks. Hey what's that's crazy bro. You Wouldn't be able to tell me Shit. What nigga? Oh Yeah I still behind Kayla. You can't tell me shit bro. W Wwn B US 97 Cooper is 60 years. But look at the list though. Sa up there too. Yeah, Sabrina up there. Alyssa Thomas got 11. Sabrina got four and Candace Parker and Kailin Clark top three.


Alyssa Thomas. Nice. Now Alyssa Thomas is cold. She caught Their ass in one year Bro. Bro. Kaly Clark is gonna be second triple double on time in the next two games for sure. Oh man can we go the next to the game? Let's go Friday. Police the W kick back off this Friday though. Nah 'cause all let's clear some shit up because they got they ass beat but oh no, we gonna talk about this story. No, no, no. Hold on, hold on. No talk shit because we always make fun of all the NBA motherfuckers. We we roast them, we roast the make sure we roast the wizards all day. Nah for sure we roast Chicago.


Chicago we're doing W Cup this year we're treated like NB. That so sensitive. I don't wanna God Y'all say about the girl? Yes she missed eight layups. Yes, I'm about talk about it so. Oh yeah We on that And y'all know who I'm talking about. We on that we, You know we fair treatment now. Oh we love y'all to sang too. When you killed we gonna say you killed. Nah for sure. For sure. Show the defended champs. Liberty took care business my Lord. Home opener going crazy for sure man they rings was fire too. Y'all think they gonna run it back? I think they got a good chance too. They got a hell of a squad. They got a hella hell of a squad. I know that The fever put a lot of good vets around Kaitlyn and You know what I'm saying, to upgrade the roster. But that defender champs, they still got them killers on there for sure.


Yeah so we sell sheep but yeah, the Liberty already coming out strong. I like the fever chances this year though. I ain't gonna lie. Me too. I never really was a fever fan since Tamika left. Mm. But this year they, You know they got it rocking bro. Yeah I like, I like what I see man. I like Aaliya Boston a lot too. Leah Boston one walks short Two, I mean two girls, two Guard. Oh Kelsey Mitchell. Yeah Some two girl shit. She's cold bro. What's her name? Kelsey Mitchell? Yeah Do Lefty. She cold bro. One of the best two guards in the W four short could fly. She could play but Washington man they started off horrible last year. They got they first dub beginning of season. Shout to them taking care of a TL Dallas and the links fea Colier is one of the ones if you are not familiar.


She went crazy. Dallas got Paige Becker's her first, You know what I'm saying? Welcome to the W moment. I like her and Enrique though. That's gonna be a hell of a back going forward for sure. She took getting her feet with, she had like 10 or something like that. Yeah, two seven for sure. Yeah. Is Enrique the best player of the nb WNBA? No, She's one of them for sure. But she's called, She's not the best. Yeah, top five. She top seven. Top seven for sure. She ain Around there. Damn. Yeah, she's top seven. She's top 10 for sure. Yeah the best. Nah She ain't up there. Asia ain't The best. No I be like, like but I of course Asia but I'm talking about so far like them guards. Oh she one of us. She top to by guards point Guard her handle her. She can shoot that motherfucker. But I ain't as tapped in as y'all but No she, I mean she's Ika is probably one of the best buckets in the w and I Asia Wilson is the best basketball.


Well yeah, yeah, yeah. She's she the Best. She's the best girl basketball player ever. Nah, Like She, she do be killing. She be killing bro. She knew be killing Bro. She do kill but Aja Wilson the best girl basketball player ever. Yeah but back to the scorers we talked about the the spars game. Who? She not better than. Oh we, we'll have to run that list. Let me, let me Get my bro she not real on My internet Asia, She bro, she like LeBron, she the Best bro. She could do everything but the best ever bro. We gotta You, you put Aja Wilson in any situation she's called but we'll go through that for the time. We got plenty of W contest to talk about. She top three for sure. Okay. The Sparks, You know what I'm saying? Kelsey Plum on a new squiddy. She went crazy with 37. She's cooked. Boy go state boundaries. I know y'all expansion team but boy y'all gonna be on Get Well Soon a lot this season.


Y keep playing like that boy. Lock it in for sure. Oh my God she, she cooked though. I'm glad to see her playing. Well not like, You know she been playing well in the previous years but when she was in Vegas But to see her in LA putting on a show like that. Yeah she one of my favorite players too dog and she was the number one pick for a reason. You know what I'm saying? Like you said that that ACEs team was loaded with talent. Yeah she gets the time to, You know what I'm saying, beat the franchise go crazy for sure. We talked about it on Saturday Belt her ass in situation to napped the fever, took care of the sky commanded victory. It was a 30 point victory. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It was a nasty triple dub but it was a triple dub underway fever going crazy with that new roster for sure. The Mercury too new look, look a little bit different as well. So does the Seattle storm. They got a couple moving pieces up there but the, excuse me, the Mercury took care of business.


Listen man, it's gonna be a good season for the W That's I think this year they're gonna grow a whole lot. Yeah All-Star being here is going to be crazy. Yeah, they are invested as well. New Spotlight on there. So we still see. Shout out to the w. Shout out to the W man. Like we said, we not taking it easy on y'all. We talk shit about everybody. Yeah. Y'all y'all, y'all gonna be on Get Well Soon for sure. Hell yeah. Yeah. The smoke is for everybody so we all made mistakes right but on it up to them it's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree. Cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen. They admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one Miss anti per sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My car is making this noise. Sometimes it's like do do and sometimes it's like, Do you have a dash light on? Oh yeah. And we don't have to listen for clues. With the free fix finder service, we can read a check engine, A, B, S or maintenance light to find the likely fix and even recommend a local shop if you need one. So you Don't need to hear the to Not with fix finder. Everything. You need nothing. You don't get in the Zone. Auto zone Restrictions apply.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout. Look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume. Hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Gu aholic 91 said that slice that foul. Especially the way Kailyn Clark was getting punished last year and RG three is the ultimate raccoon also. I see my bulls trying to get minga Woody. I think it does. Does it help a lot? Excuse me. Spot for him. That's good for him bro. On everything. That's a cool spot. It Don't help y'all bulls out. It don't help Them. It it help. It Helps him. It helps him. A thousand percent. They gonna trade him for voch. So trade, I ain't mad at That. Voch and Kobe White. That's what they need. Nah, it's just going be voch and they gonna send Minga and like I'm sure probably like Loony or somebody. Yeah, so Tre for sure. Yeah. I seen Utah possibly trying to, You know we talking about Golden State and them getting marketing and I was just like yeah that sound good.


But they don't want minga 'cause they got AJ on nowhere next year. I mean that we, we they praying. Yeah. That's a hope. We gotta see what happening in the NBA. Somebody might traded or something. Finesse it up. Yeah. After jazz. Don't get AJ the Bassa. We gonna see some, we gonna see some tables turning. For sure. Yeah. People want, they turn. I'm nothing on being in Utah my whole life. No disrespect. And I showed y'all that, that I told you it's real. Nah, Utah. They do be having them. You can't have All that stuff. You sitting in my dms? Yeah. All right. D you. Yeah. Respect you. You know what the thing about my boy and I love this about it. I'm gonna show facts bro. My boy gonna research some shit.


Yeah. You know, 'cause he, You know his dreams. He be like damn that could have been me. You know I'm saying I Don't want you to Utah. That was his dream. He said nah, I don't live in Utah. No. I fuck the rest of it. Bring it to that. Bring the tour to that. Well well Look bro, look at you Utah. Oh there we go. Decriminalized. Polygamy. D. Right. A PLC for big. Me having multiple spousal a felony to infraction. Damn. Niggas going to jail. I'm having multiple walls. That's tough. Just an in Infraction. That ain't bad. Infraction ain't bad. Illegal. Technically it don't matter bro. But A felony is tearing Nigga. That's cool. No that's write you a ticket. You get an infraction for weed. If I'm out with my, y'all means you write me a ticket.


That's crazy. I'm saying we're just friends. We're all friends. I don't think I'm, Hey let me tap the page. This bill, We get it right now. See you that quick Hunter Nigga. Open your square account nigga. Lemme tap real quick. For sure. Jamal Bright and Super said morning film one. Gotta go r Kelly Catalog or Lil Wayne? Catalog Lil Wayne? No, on off the court issues. Big fan watch. I reward. I can do without But like why the hell are you, why you comparing them two though? I just don't understand that. Oh no. That was a crazy comparison. It is. Shout to you JB stay safe on the raw game but as a wild versus my boy but like R Kelly and Lil Wayne. Two different genres like singing, rapping, that's Way different. Just to answer this question, don't ever get the fucked up.


Yeah a lot of us wouldn't be here if it for r Kelly Music brother. So. Right. Robert did that Facts. Oh, R Kelly. The R for sure Verified Buckets be here. Who's getting to it this weekend? You Know what's going to Shay? Shit, that's it. Fuck them niggas. They saying bro. 35 4 Great game Teague. Who you got? I'm gonna give it to my favorite white girl Kelsey Plum. Okay cool. She cold. 37 to six with the news Squiddy. Well my second favorite. Oh okay. We're not gonna on that. We gonna move on. The first first one she on, she on that one website. Is that legal In Indiana. I had had to go through the back row be told me he got the new VPN.


What's it called? Yeah, I know my shit. I don't know what you talking about. Y-O-U-L-O-R n.com Got your premium packages tap in bro. And they got a super channel on there. The Real, real. I all is crazy. I think her name is like Adriana. Check the check. Stuff like that There turn around. We wanna see that. All That's a nasty keyboard. Hey I'm just playing. Oh man. Can we scroll back up please? Shout to jw.


Mo said 24 and seven and Joker had 29. The fall game of the season. Roset TV. Said talking about Ka when you center pull up to the game dressed like somebody Aunt is crazy. Nixon five Fuck outta here. Keep that bullshit away. Patience is six for sure. Oh he saying Miles dressed like somebody aunt. Oh yeah. Miles be Wild. I wanted to explain it for you. Right. No, yeah, we'll go through the verses of the outfits. They both nasty. For sure. Get Well Soon we'll be here. Who needs some encouragement this small day morning? Probably, I don't know man. Probably Brian Hurst Me. Hey bro. Why they do, why do Win Hears he damn near look scared bro. I too nigga I just got off, get away from me about losing a fuck Fucky.


He, I like New York people bro. Because why would you probably go pussy? This bro me talking shits. He was like, I can't wait to get through this party. Get the fuck away from me. Oh my God. He was so scared bro. Hey, I will sue you. You gotta go chill with the players bro. You Can't be a regular civilian because stay off them streets. Yeah, Oh yeah. Give us some Some before we move on though. Do y'all think like, you see how I lit New York is, do y'all think Indianapolis will be that lit downtown after the game? Hell no. No bro. Bro is not a real place bro. They block out Delaware Street, win lose or Loss. There is no way they'll allow problem. So different. So we gonna be able to walk home and nigga what we from Here, You know we at, I mean I know Us, I'm talking about just the Knicks fans though.


When they leave our arena. Oh Gonna be smoke. It is green. I don't know crazier Nick people than it is crazier. Who? Yeah. I just wanted y'all take I Know, I know we not, we not even like that bro. I Wasn't even talking about that. We Gonna be like it was a good one tonight. Yeah, that was a good game tonight. The Nick, they gonna find out about P they get to talk about property damage. Downtown y ass go to jail out Here because I mean, in New York it starts when you in the arena all the way till you get to wherever you going. Yeah. So I don't know if we gonna have that same energy. I will not. They, they lick for sure. You enjoy the game to take your ass home. Oh no though. Because in the past when, back then when we were way younger. Yeah, when a Knick used to come here. I told you was real smoke.


Yeah. He used to come Was tap to them games, bro. That shit was for real. Probably get the bumping And shit. Not bumping bro, but Patriot fans was stepping on shit. Yeah, they That's back then though. You know what I mean? They Were fighting in New York Bro, because Reggie had this bitch lit. Yeah, Reggie was Jordan here bro? Yeah. I swear to God the Andrew will be, will be a little testy. I hope it's like that. It should be. Yeah. Turn. But I don't, I don't Think you gonna have to worry about motherfucker getting trashcan dumped on your head and shit. That's, that's outta control bro. Now if we beat the Knicks, throw our trash on them. I don't give a damn. I'm watching a basketball game bro. It'll hit me in my head with a can. Matter of fact, roll the tape with the Knicks fan. I mean the Pacer fan got his ass beat. All Knicks fans.


You don't got that one. Oh, what we doing? That's not the energy we're gonna have on this show. Be no center beat the hell out of Buddy. I didn't like, I didn't fuck with that. Joking. I didn't like that. Oh, Little Baby Duck. Hey My boy Joker. He like shout to Casey Wallace. Ah, that nigga probably was on the first thing smoking to the cri. He said, I'm Gonna drink a lot of beer in the next couple days. I Don't fuck where my hookah bro. Hey, sad. I'm tired of for sure. Listen man, we appreciate y'all. We got a dope episode of Club five 20 dropping today. 12:00 PM Easter Man. Shout out to Freaky Bow. Pulled up in the city. Had a great time.


We appreciate y'all. We'll be back tomorrow for five 20 day officially five Sunday In The Morning. The Volume


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back Andree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My car is making this noise. Sometimes it's like, and sometimes it's like, Do you have a dash light on? Oh yeah. And we don't have to listen for clues. With the free fix finder service, we can read a check engine, A, B, S or maintenance light to find the likely fix and even recommend a local shop if you need one. So you Don't need to hear the Not with fix finder. Everything. You need nothing. You don't get in the zone. Auto zone restrictions apply.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.