
The Volume. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wills. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Henry to my right, my brother Teague Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up Bro? Man, chilling. Happy New year. Happy new year man. Yeah, 2025 For sure. Man. We gonna start it off right? It end it right? Yeah. I Y'all been DMing me? I'm locked in today. Okay. Motherfuckers fucker You research, you don't be Watching the game. You damn right. I ain't watched that weekend. That's Paul Pierce y'all. Yeah, I was watching that weekend but I was locked in yesterday so now talk shit today. You don't watch the game. See, you don't Watching today talk shit today.


I'm locked in. And a your insider, they said that pushed team over the air. They said when you start getting sources of teeth. Didn't like that. Yeah, I had took a break. I was tired of watching bad basketball but I'm back now. Me having my insiders and watching the game just raise my level up in the world and get out here. Power rankings. Yeah, for sure. Listen, man's good. Basketball took place last night. Kat went crazy. We spoke about him all last year. He showed off a year the right way man. Going crazy as they took care, you know what I'm saying? Of the jazz. No problem. Even with Brunson out, other two players stepped up for show. You had Bridges 27 OG with 22 Josh Hart 15, 14 and 12 Trippy Dub. But last but all least Kat 31, 21 to four championship Knicks.


Man. I mean I don't know if they championship Knicks but they playing at a high level with JB being out for Kat to lead the team and the other guys to step up and play well I mean we expect that though, going against a Utah team. I mean I think they playing for the number one pick so it really doesn't matter. But seeing Sexton and Clarkson having big nights at capable scores, that should be on the trade block soon. Oh for sure. Listen, they both had 25 yesterday. They're definitely auditioning for a new team as well. Yeah and they deserve to be free as well. Man. Those are two really solid guards right there as we landr Shiman also getting back with the Knicks. That's another little sneaky pickup for that team Too man. Another knockdown shooter. I know he was out with a shoulder injury I thing. Yeah. So welcome him back. They did the right thing by bringing him back. I think he got hurt with them.


Yeah. Early in the game. So bringing them back is pretty cool though Man. Listen, we look at these rotational players for the Knicks about the, the contributions they have to his team man a triple up. Not even Rana but just slight for Josh Hart yesterday contributed 15, 14 to 12. We talk about OG and Bridges, them getting 20 plus. Hey man, they might get an HEA run for they money man. You know I'm, we'll talk about Aall a little bit later but if they gonna keep playing at this level man and getting these type of contributions, man they gonna be a really tough team to beating the playoffs. They Done found that groove bro. Nah, game wins streak is is good for them because they started off real, real slow, you know what I mean? So it seemed like the locker room, not saying it was messed up but they, they came like, damn Kat just kill. We gonna fall in line basically. I know Dante's sick.


Yeah but you gotta be sick bro. The the leader squad and they still doing well and you know to be in Minnesota where it's an up and down struggle right now. I know he's sick for sure. It's probably, he probably felt like how like DeMar felt when he left Toronto. Yeah they got a chip. Niggas got to really click and for real. Yeah, yeah. Yeah because the Knicks, I ain't gonna say they better than Boston, but they been looking real good bro. Yeah they popping. They popping right now that's letting New York Yeah. Do that. Sure. And the chemistry is obvious. I think that's what's dope about it too. You got a lot of different pieces you brought in. Everybody gotta get along and it just seem to work as well. Obviously you said they're letting Kat kill and then you know, having JB as your closer and you got phenomenal role players in that team.


That's a, that's a really good team. Sure. They Have a great team. Yeah it is a really good team. I'm nervous about they bench though. Mm. I don't think they got a bench. You named somebody off the bench that's doing anything for me. I love to see, I know Tib don't play nothing but five or six people. But Yeah he Still, I mean pressure's a chore. He have moments where he is good but I don't know in the playoffs he gonna need somebody that could come off that bench and give you a spark. I know Campaign had big moments during his son's run off the bench. Maybe he could bring something but Miles Mc Broad I'm sure once he gets back, you know what I'm saying? He Supposed to. Yeah. I mean he had moments last year that was great but I don't know if That's enough. Yeah I don't know if they got that super X factor off the bench. Right.


Also Mitchell Robinson looking like, you know what I'm saying? He might come back in the next month or so. So I I I You still waiting On that? You don't like that as the back up be for Kat. Okay. Respect Mitchell. Mitchell is smooth as a rapper. I think he contribute for the team show But I think the, what I'm scared of is they lack of experience when they, when they come down like Boston already did that so shit might get spooky with 'em, them different lights in them finals. So I don't know. Yeah He got a couple those guys who've been to the conference finals but not a couple. I mean Bridges went to the finals. Yeah. Nah He did. But I like as a team though, Kat, Kat been to the conference finals, I mean as a team together they have a big experience. You right. Boston have they got the same team from last year?


But I don't know, it's an interesting, I just think that's six men off the bench gonna have to have to play a big role for them. I just somebody they gotta get somebody else that can have an explosive night. Boston got more interchangeable parts Yeah. Than than New York. What, What position y'all think do they need? Because I think I'm looking at this roster right now and I'm thinking if they get something else that's like firepower wise they need somebody that's probably at the two. Because everywhere else I feel like they just fine that I think they need a backup big that can like, 'cause Kat gonna get in foul trouble. Most definitely. I promise you Kat gonna get in foul trouble. They need a backup. Big I You like Mitchell Robinson? I, I don't, I don't love him. I wish they could've kept Hartenstein then his team would be perfect.


I've been cheating. Oh I would've been cheating the best team ever. One of the best teams that it'd been great. Great. I mean they back up big, it's a top 10 center or whatever if they had Stein but they need another big that could make like can be effective on offense 'cause Kat is killing but when you bring Mitchell Robinson in, he is just a alive threat. I got you. You take away from the S every. Yeah, I mean And Precious. I mean I don't know if that's what they're looking for as well but that is a very valid point. It was one thing we know Cat gonna do as bad. He on foul bro and in the postseason when we get to them teams where it's a little bit closer we get to the Milwaukee themselves together. And Let's say they run into Philly and let's just say Philly Healthy and the Knicks running into Philly.


Oh yeah. And B And B yeah he's going foul. He ain't gonna have no choice. Yeah For sure. We looking at the jazz as well. We talk about a lot of pieces on that team that could help some other teams. We talk about Lori, mark and Walker, Kessler, Sexton and Clarkson. You think either of those guys are gone pretty soon? Help Lori, help Lori get outta there first. Alright. Get Lori Albe. Yeah. Get him outta there first. Okay. Mm. I Could see Sexton and Clarkson going as going to help some teams that need guard play or like you said bench play because Man we win six for 22. Shit. One of 'em nights. Yeah. Hey I'm, I'm, I'm Max player. I'm shooting, I want to Ah Six for 22 is nasty but I'm still shooting anyway.


So what, Who wins six for 22. Lori? Yeah. I don't know who they led. I don't know. I know all of them probably on a, on the block but I don't know who they let go. Mm. Like I don't even care. I know Jordan Clarkson can help a bunch of teams. Sexton too. He got the capable ability to score and guard but shit, I don't know. We'll See for sure we ain't, we ain't too pressed about the Utah Jazz updates. Neither are they. Not at all ever. The Nuggets got the win yesterday of your Hawks. 1 39 to one 20 Man Third straight win Beat they ass. Yeah it was a tough game. It got spooky and, and Joker went crazy Triple Dub in three quarters. 2317 to 15 and that's incredible man. I know we be saying this so light but it's every night he's putting up like ridiculous numbers.


A PJ 21 and four. Jamal Murray had 21. Russell Westbrook 16 or 11. Buttrey Young still had 30 or nine Now hold on. Is that four assists or four rebounds? Who? Four. Oh yeah we got doesn't make sense Believe it. Four Assists last time last We put SM on his name 'cause we know he don't pass. But I Had him with a assists last time. Yeah That was Ka but assists Last night he was doing his thing got playing outta his body. That's probably his career high. Yeah. So man y'all got N PJ is not known for swinging Way forced. They was bound way in. Hey that's funny. If we looking at all the triple double since something s game but we happy to N PJ got forced. Yeah that's nasty. You know what, that's already my Verified bucket wait's only two.


Oh that's only two. Yeah For rebounds. See We got catfished again. Told we get sent by own production team. He Was almost my verified bucket out the game. Hey that was hilarious. Shout out to N PJ Man Had to be something that's Crazy. He really don't pass. That's why we said force. We was so excited I Was locked in. That's really crazy. That's Hilarious Man. Nah but Westbrook like yeah he missed one shot in the last two games. He's probably the most efficient basketball he been playing. That's crazy. Do he continue to be a starter now in since the end of Groove even though Aaron Gordon is out?


Do you let him keep starting or do you bring Aaron Gordon back and Nah, You, you gonna have to bring Aaron Gordon back. I don't, I don't think Shouldn't in the groove though. You hooping right now? Yeah. Is that how it works in the NBA though? No, I mean most of the time you don't lose your starting job. Not most teams like with the Hawks motherfucker been like yeah you gonna keep coming off the bench. That's how, that's how Bud worked. Yeah but well it used to work but I was just wondering 'cause they playing so well. Yeah and I think it's, it is, it is freeing up Murray a little bit with you know Westbrook able to run the point. He can kind of go to his natural position which is a two guard and he kind of playing a little free. So now you got two point guards basically on the floor with Joker and Westbrook because Joker we know he a pass first big or whatever.


But now you got Westbrook who's been being like the ultimate point guard right now. You know he only shooting six, seven shots a game. Yeah he just making them, He being Efficient. Yeah he being super efficient and now it's freeing up murder to be able to be himself. I don't know, do you continue to work with that? I mean he probably gonna see a lot of that lineup now 'cause it's obviously they gelling. I was just wondering but I'm sure go gonna get his starting spot back. But it's it, it's thought for sure Like you said. I mean I I think like you said in NB we know when it comes to that money situation Yeah he going he gonna be back in starting line. But do we see that lineup a little bit more than often than not? I dont know. Mike Mo's a great coach so I would imagine Oh he gotta keep it at the back of his head if it's working. For Sure. I'm sure we'll see that line up a lot. Do you think they still need to add another piece?


I know we talk about this a lot but they still need to get another score off the bench for that team. Yeah, I don't think they need to go for Cam no more. I think they starting to find a groove with NPJ maybe leave cam over there in Brooklyn right now but they might need to find one more piece that can score off that bench. I don't know exactly who, I don't know who fits that system. I know Jordan Pool can play in that system but he makes so much money I don't think that's gonna add up. That would be a hell of a trade. Yeah I know Jordan Pool can play without the ball. He played with the Warrior so obviously you know he know how to play real basketball but I don't think he make too much money to be over there. I'm not sure who has a smaller contract that fits that system.


Yeah, I was gonna say I know NPJ getting paid too but I still think Jordan Pool is getting paid more than that so they'd have to do more if they wanted to do that situation. Yeah I wouldn't now they both on max deals but I wouldn't trade NPJ for the Jordan pool. That's a bad, that's a bad trade 'cause you get smaller. Yeah like now. But That's the only contract I think that you could match up. Like you said it would be take a lot to make that happen for him. But they will be dope if they made it happen though and they didn't loop leave him. They be paying a lot of money to people 'cause they just got paid too. Yeah, I mean they ain't, the money won't add up but who's a, who's a smaller wing that can score that. You think it might like a Cam Thomas? I was gonna say Cam Thomas is my next thought but Yeah he, I don't know if he ever played winning basketball Really?


But It's time to bring your ass off that bitch. We'll figure everything out. He definitely can score that man. He definitely come off that bitch and score it though. Yeah I'm something on him and Russ off the bench at the one and two. He can definitely score it. Ah, Scary. Yeah Russ gonna, my lord Russ gonna set him up perfectly to do what he do best. He definitely, They fuck real be unbeatable bro. For sure man. Reon still had 39 nothing to sneeze at for sure man. Damn that's crazy. I wasn't even looking at the, I ain't even read the thing like they nine two it what's Brook story? I was just saying it because it was in the groove. That's funny. Yeah, my bad. Y'all I'll start reading this shit before we start. Alright but Russ Brook leader of prove Nobles all time 2 0 1 shout to production team. Love y'all.


Joker got 1 44 started all time. You think he gonna get up to catch Russ, Russ Brook? No. No that's tough. No. 2 0 1 to 1 44 ain't ain't too far off y'all. He ain't damn near done unless he fuck fuck around and hang it up. I said no at first 'cause I didn't know it was a fucking 144 of them So he gotta, that ain't far bro. Basically 60 more. But Westbrook's still playing too. I was gonna say Westbrook is still playing but the fo party is, what did Rush start? He on him but he got tennis. Nah, I ain't shooting this bitch you got Nah you ain't catching my record all my Dick and shit even because I don't think Russ is still healthy. Russ gonna have to keep going. Yeah Ru Russ gonna need shit 12 a season.


I, I mean I don't know A nigga getting this, he getting this every day. Yeah I don't know if he gonna get the triple doubles. Jeff. He's getting this every day. Y'all play 185 games a year bro. Yeah he get a lot of double doubles. I mean he obviously he got a lot of triple doubles but, and bro and they don't even be like barely, they don't be 10, 10 to 10, they 30 20 Only has 60 games bro. Yeah, I mean a triple double is hard to do. He ain't none. I mean I'm not saying he ain't a triple double hard to do. I mean how many average 13 what year? What year is this? Nine bro? Year nine. He could do so three more years saying how many triple doubles is that a year?


So if you going, if regular season nine divided by 1 44. If he get 30 a year for three years he'll catch Russ Bro. That's not even, that's a So he get four a year basically. Yeah, I was like four a year. I'm like Matter. I'm like Y'all disrespecting the arts. Yeah. How many you get a year carry to one bottom by 1 44. He gets 16 on average. Damn, that's hard. I mean 16 on average he got what year?


Nine? Yeah he going, he not gonna play 16 years. Oh yeah that's He's gonna shatter it bro. Yeah. Yeah he's gonna, I think he at least, yeah he, I think he catch him let's say. Yeah he gonna catch him. Yeah if he play, if he played at year 14, 13. Yeah he gonna catch 'em. Yeah he gonna catch him


getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're all a Draftking sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect The number one place to bet touchdowns? Grab some TDS to draft King Sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the draft King sports book app and use code club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours.


It getting them every day Bro. CRAs the Joker bro. Joker did bro. He gonna catch him For sure. Man that's crazy that they even both on the same team like that too. That's What's hard about it though. Yeah. Yeah that's fine because you know what Russ is probably, you know Joker been doing his thing but Russ probably giving him some more game like he on this night you can do this. This is how I relaxed and got this one. And It's crazy that Russ got this with having like years that we thought was subpar. He didn't get the opportunity to do what he do best is Yo averaging a triple double though this year He's almost there. What's even crazier though is Russ did that at six three Average For two years. Oh okay. So we on pace to do better. Well he's a point guard.


Russ Ru did it. That's what makes it so unique. He's a point guard For all. So did, what's a terrible name Oscar Robinson. He has a terrible, he did it. He did it about that height too. Respect man, Let's move on. Shout some big Terrible I the lineage, You know I'm on that. Ever since that pro game it it is been beef with the nephew since Get well Sooner. Robinson, Phil, me the seven Sixers blowing All Point League with three minutes left in the game are the lose to the Kings one 13 and 1 0 7. The year in Fox went crazy yesterday. 35 0 4 Malik Monk dubbed two Savona 1721 to 7 21 rebounds is insane. That's crazy. You Played basketball For real. For real.


PG had 38 and five and Tyres Maxey had 27 to seven. Man all those is, it says more about the Kings. It says more about the 76 ERs for this game. It is the 76 ERs. Man they blew a lead. They had the game in a rap three minutes to go blow a nine point league. I mean Piff, That's a lot of time in the NBA. Yeah but you got proven players and Paul George, proven player and Tyree Maxey. I know Embi didn't play but you gotta be able to bring that home, you know what I mean? But Fox and 'em are playing it all they hooping, you know he playing free now they got a new coach Christie, Doug Christie out there letting him play Free Fox probably having the time of his life. Yeah. So I don't know.


I guess I would say that the, the Kings are playing on the high right now so I, I don't know. I It's a bad loss for the Sixers because y'all can't afford is it though? Because They playing on the high and it's on the road But y'all can't afford, they the Sixers can't afford to lose. Yeah. No more blunders. Yeah, they, they can't bro. They trying to give it into the playoffs so. Hmm. Yeah the King's going to Tur As well. They ain't trying to taint. Yeah they ain't trying to taint. I don't know what the king's trying to do but I know for sure the Sixers not trying to taint, they at least wanna be playing worthy. We can't afford losses like that. That's That's true for sure. When I ask y'all question, we talked about guards in East making, it is the year in Fox getting an All Star game beverage in 27, 6 and five Five having a hell of a year.


But it is the west. I don't know if he make the All-Star team 'cause they pretty low on them standards. Mm. What are they in the West Bottom Like 11, 12? Yeah, 1212 mm Another case. Mm That the case of Lalo that Y'all let y'all do y'all Let's, let's stay right here. If you could scroll to the top please of the, of the guards in The West. Honestly, I don't think he makes it over James Harden just because of the way James Harden has the Clippers playing. I think that he'll get the nod. He's played more than John Marin. John Marin's been hurt a lot But he gonna be a fan. Vote Luca be out Kyrie. That's the question. Does he make it over Kyrie Irving?


Mm I say no because he's been carrying the load while Luca's being injured this year. Yeah a lot. This Yeah he might Make it. Do he make it over Steph Curry? What's Steph Curry averaging? I mean obviously Step Curry will be starting an All Star game. Obviously the fans' gonna vote that but Dang he might. He might get snubbed, he might get, I don't know if we can say snub just to the tune the team record but I mean D Aaron Foxman fucking hooping but yeah he might get spooky for that. DD Fox gotta make it. I think he gonna make it too. He gotta make it bro. I don't blame, I don't believe it's his fault. That Is crazy bro. What's Kyrie stats if you don't mind me because that's, that'd be it. Nigga Deer and Fox average in 27 and nine.


Y'all can't snub me bro. 27 and what Nine and six? Hell no. That's 27, 6 and five. But Kyrie what, 24, 4 and five basically That's same thing. Yeah but we not 12th in the west. Yeah, he making it. Kyrie makes it. Yeah I'm saying Jamal Murray. No, No. Nah. Rockets guards. No no, nah. James Harden. Yes. Anthony Edwards just Spurs getting windy for show. Yeah but that ain't, he got A chance. You gotta put KD in them man. Devin Booker or Dion Fox. Who's going Dion Fox. This ain't one Dion Fox. 'cause I'm sure that Devin Booker or average 27 De Fox is better than Devin Booker. Whoa, you rolling with that?


I'm standing on that shit. Okay. How you feel about that? I'm not, I'm not mad. I like Dion Fox. I, I just, One Of my favorite conversations guys, I like to take, I, I'm not mad at it. I, I mean if I'm starting a team or I'm taking D book or I'm taking d Aaron Fox Love d book D book code. We talking about two cold players For sure. Yeah. But if you're starting a team, you're taking d Aaron Fox or Devin Booker. Yeah, I'm saying 'cause that's my, my leader, my point guard. I'm taking D Fox. So you'd rather build around D Fox than Devin Booker. Yeah, Devon Booker going to be elite on any team he's on. But if I need some what if I, what if my rest of my team is damn near duds? So you're saying can't I believe it?


He can't lead the group like Dion Fox? No, I Ain't mad at that type. Like I said, we, we, this is two great players but I, I'm not mad at that De I mean look, Devin Booker is he Cold Elite But if I'm D Fox is like a dominant point guard. He was talking about starting a team, leading the team. I'm rocking with him. Mm. I rather have, I'd rather have a a, a shaky two guard. Like not shaky, but I don't want him to depend on my two guard to lead my team. I'd rather have a elite PG over a elite two guard. I agree with that. To get a team rocking. I agree with that. I didn't like when Devin Booker played point guard last year.


Yeah. I don't think he was Comfortable. Didn't, I didn't think it was, it didn't make sense. Yeah it didn't, it didn't look good. Yeah, He, he's he gets paid a lot of money to put the ball to the basket. He not pass to other people. So you put Deion Fox on that son's team. You trade him for Devin Booker his son's team. Way better. He way better. Yeah. It's a little bit different because now Bradley Bradley Bill can breathe. Yeah he Can play his role. He's playing the him this this de book team. I don't wanna do too much. Let me get my little 17 and chill that nigga get on that team with Dion Fox bro he back to 20 plus. DeMar Dero is averaging still 20 points along with D Aaron Fox right now. Yeah so ID Aaron Fox more of a scoring guard though I wouldn't say he a pure point guard.


He is a point Guard. He's not a pure point guard but I just feel like he don't need the ball as much as Devin Booker need a ball. Hmm. It is better to me. I feel like it is better having Dre Fox averaging 20 with another nigga averaging 20 over D book because it Don't seem, you don't like how Deep Book get his 20. I like how they get This point compared to Darren Fox when You have another, like if Devin Booker had Deandre Hunter, I think it'd be different because Deandre, I mean Deandre Hunter know how to get in where he fit in. Bradley Bill's a star bro. Kevin ran so We ain't gonna snitch on nobody. But motherfucker did tell us like it was hard playing with some niggas like because the egos and shit.


So I don't know. I just think role players would be better fit with Devin Booker than De Aaron. Fox's all I'm saying de Fox can rock with two other killers For sure. The book is a focal point. I I aint imagine I take it all great explanation as well For sure. Listen between these two teams underperforming who's who y'all think can turn around. We talk about the Sixers day to day but then they do moments like this where they blowing games. They absolutely need, I mean NB out so when B plays I think the Sixers can turn it around obviously I think they a better team win. BD Aaron Fox and 'em the SA Sacramento. I think they playing on the high, you know what I mean?


I think but once they leave Sacramento, when they get on the road, they last two games been at home. Once they hit the road we'll see if they're really serious about this turnaround or if they're really comfortable with the Christy at the running, running the show or whatever. So we gotta see him on the road for Sure and shout out to Doug Christie getting an eye. You know what's funny, I wonder like some of those assistant coaches, it's like being a backup quarterback. Like you always ready but like damn I didn't think I was gonna play today. Doug, Chrissy was not expecting to have a real job like responsibilities probably the rest of this year. I Wonder if he really wanted that role though. I mean I know when you get into coaching he is like oh yeah man if I was running it 'cause I remember a guy shout out to Ryan, he used to always talk about man, when I become a head coach I do things like this and one day they like you the head coach And he was like oh shit like and he wasn't doing nothing like he said he was gonna do everything.


Went back to like well just run the play he used to run. You know what I'm saying? Like yeah Doug is a development coach too though. So that probably is a hard task for him. Attack. Yeah. Yeah. That's Why I was wondering. It was like dang, Especially no off season to prepare. You just got thrown into the fire and you gotta deal with a whole like anger. They probably just like, I'm just trying to make sure you get Out here clean. He's comfortable with that team though. Yeah, he's Probably locked in with him. He really been around the King's organization for a long time with that player development. So, but like He said, I'm gonna just get out they way. I'm gonna let Dion do his thing. I'm gonna let Deebo do him. I'm gonna let Monk do them and a bonus do him like I'm gonna get out they way they know what they like. They know what they need to run. They know who can play. Yeah. I respected that though For sure man. Yeah.


Shout to Rey man. Take a bitch. Opportunity King Bryce James to Arizona. Hmm Pact. Well I forgot what it is with Pac whatever now since everybody on the left but I Got 12 now. Shit. Six maybe. How y'all feel about that? Man, that's a crazy situ. Not crazy but it's interesting choice for sure. Sure. He offers plenty of different places. We know that for sure. Look, is Gilbert's son going here? Is this a basically Gil son to go to Arizona to follow his dad? I don't know where Gil's son going Because they are, That'd be far if they linked up there. They friends though. And I don't you, I'm not no disrespect. Oh he going with this guy?


Yeah, I just, I don't know if this is the overlay for the underlay. I don't wanna say like, Hey I'm not calling Bryce James Lil Romeo. Yeah he Romeo. He Romeo to Deebo. I was just asking like is at the Bay to get him to Arizona. Blow my nigga because you know Buck got It already. Yeah like I think, I think Bryce James, if he goes to Arizona he's gonna play. But I just wanna know the, I just wanna know the play. Okay. Respect. That's all. I just wanna know the play. I, I like Bryce James. I ain't beefing with him. I was kind of a little disappointed when I seen him this summer and he wasn't six, seven or six eight in person. When we saw him at the pack he was, you know, six three.


He done a little taller than Jeff. But outside of that I no problem. Hey I, I, because You just don't go to Arizona for no reason bro. I don't care. Nobody's No you do not Jeff, Arizona. You go to Arizona because your dad is LeBron James? Yeah, It's Greco. Oh Michael Georgetown went to Illinois 'cause his dad is Michael Jordan. Oh. Shout out what's my little dude guy. Jeffrey Jordan. And he was decent though. I ain't Really hate though. Nah, Jeffrey, Jeffrey was smooth. He just wasn't D Brown now. But Jeff Was better than Bryce. Jeff Jordan was better than Bryce. Hey you know it's quiet. I swear to God he was, I played Jeff Jordan. I, I played Jeff, I played, he had bounce, He had dumb bounce.


My mama, he had bounced. Oh I'm tapped in. He, he had dumb bounce but Man, I ain't say Marcus though. Bryce, James, you know Marcus is the best out the family. The goat Jordan Marcus is Jordan his daddy. That's the real mj. So we no smart ever on him. But Bryce James is better than than Jeffrey Jordan, bro. He's not bro's better than Jeffrey, but Bryce is not better than Jeff. Hey if they ever did a a lineage versus that'd be hilarious. Give who Lineage is better though. No, because Brony made to the league so no. Yeah. Out the gate. Nah but nah, fuck that. Nah. By the Jordan family. Nah, the longevity is different because that's what y'all do when y'all compare the best players.


Y'all, y'all niggas take shit off court. I be trying to stay on the court. Y'all take off the court? Yeah, I I'm on the court with it. The James family could never Off the court. Never. Oh no. I'll hop. They should never. You should never. If they catch bar out there like Marcus boy they would trying to kill that family bro. So all love to the Jordan family on this fucking show for sure. But Little Brother always the wild one. Yeah, like going to Arizona is a I want to have fun man. Bryce's about to have the best life ever bro. Have fun. Turn up with my dos. That's Not Is is, is Jello better than Jeffrey Jordan? Probably, yeah. Nah.


Jeffrey Wilder Probably. Yeah he played at Illinois. If you wild play At UCLA L Jeff you wild. He did not play. If he the sunglasses he would've played. He did not play. Jeff is wild. Jeff Jordan was good bro. He Joe? Yes, Jeff Jordan. I didn't need to play G League. My daddy is the league. What are he talking about? He went on the podcast though. He could have been Cap can bro. Jeff Jordan was pretty good bro. I'm not hating He was bro. But you saying he better than Jello ball. It's crazy. I shouldn't say he better nowhere Here. I dunno. They both play a u I'm asleep bro.


Where was J Ran? I'm asleep. Jeff didn't go to U-U-U-C-F. That was the little brother? Nah, he went to Illinois. Boy your Google all fucked up. He went to Illinois and he played, That was Marcus. Stop putting a, that's like Jeff T's award that got passed to somebody else. Oh God. Hey we gotta talk about that on the morning show. Nah, we, we talked about it last night. Nah, there's a great story in the podcast about how he may or may not want MVP of a tournament still be announced. They wrote it on paper but they gave James Hart my award. Damn bro. You said Jeffrey is better than no Bro. I ain't gonna say he better. I don't know. Ello did kill in high school. Yeah, jello J what I mean Jello Melo my fault.


No disrespect Melo but Jello he did kill in high school. Jello. Kahoot. Yeah bro, he, he damn near Mason. I mean I ain't, I don't have a Fight bro. Did he make it to the league though? Damn was the G League is that damn near making it to the league Though? He had a hornets run bro. He got a Hornets jersey bro. I don't, We'll have to verify that but shout to Bryce. James bitch, shout out to you. Ain't no disrespect to Jello because I think Nah hell no. Ain't disrespect Was was in high school. They was, they was cold but I, I think we disrespecting Jeff Jordan. He was actually good bro. I Not dis. No I said bro, I brought it up. That nigga could jump out the gym bro. Yeah, nah For sure. But He could not score the ball like Angelo bro.


Slow down there 34. No. So when I say player I mean as part if you put him in a game, how effective will he be? Jello got buckets. I'm taking Jello, We gotta set the verses now. But At Dykeman and At Illinois, Jeff Jordan did get in the game. I didn't never see him in UCLA and y'all. I think you see 'cause of allegations China. Yeah Bro. So we were stealing bro. Yeah bro. I ain't the only thief. I feel better now. You Just didn't get caught. Yeah For sure man. Let's go to these games last time. Y'all are crazy. Pistons beat the magic 1 0 5 96 Jayden Ivy had 22 but what wishes to him? I know he got pretty bad injury yesterday had to take him off on a stretcher. So prayers up.


Yeah prayers up for Jayden Ivy for sure man. Will wishes K Cunningham 19 eight and nine. That sucks at 24. Yeah that was just a tragic game man. Pistons got the dub ain't too much to speak about there but please get Will soon. Jayden Ivy for sure. Wizards beat the Bulls yesterday. 1 25 World seven know what it's Jordan Pool has 30 pool party and then Zach Levine had 32. Another name we ain't spoke about that probably needs to get moved on from as well. Zach Levine. Yeah. Yeah they need to fire our sell both of them teams. The wizards are so funny. They start all the young guys. Yeah all the veterans come off the bench and play 20 minutes. I've been there before. Get out, hurry up, get up. Okay, get out.


I was out on the Hawks. I know y'all got, I seen it Kuzma. Y'all got max 22 minutes. I see it. Get out of there bro. Yeah. Damn I seen it. I seen Cevi. I said oh Deb everybody only play 22. That's because Brock, they On the block bro. Yeah, they said y'all not getting hurt. You know how That shit goes. Hey look, look at them numbers though Man. All the veterans 22 minutes 27. That's funny. It is 48 minute game. They set out a whole half. Go ahead and get out there y'all and they knee les to play. Yeah, That is crazy. Yeah, I don't know what they're gonna do but Well nah, nah they in them talks. That's all. Y'all know what that is after the Allstar game or or the break they going to Seeing That was crazy man.


I looked at that. I said they start, I know what they're doing but I'm just saying I don't know what direction that they're going in. They put the fuck they all them young guys about to trade all the, they're At the bottom of the worst team in the league. We're trying to stay there. Yeah, you real hooper. Sit the fuck down Yo. Come out here and try to play basketball Man. Cooper gonna be sick. He go to Washington. Nah. Oh Nah boy they gonna step in. They're not sending Cooper flag to the wizard. Nah, he he on his way. They're not. You Want him to go to Portland Wizards or Utah, Portland, They, They probably wanna go to Utah. They probably would go to Utah. But I I can imagine them probably want him in the Eastern conferences. Well Cooper in DC that's a, that's a nice market. That's what I said for the NBA to have a young star in a city like that.


Yeah. I just don't know if he can have that John Wall effect. No. Nah he won't have that. But to be surprising, this is not a racial thing. It's a lot of white people that go to the DC games. 'cause I remember when I was in Atlanta, I mean it's a lot of black people to go to. But it's more surprising to see how many white people go to the DC game. Oh yeah. Especially where it out. I'm not. Yeah, I can imagine that being a great market for em because that damn shirt don't want him with a mellow ball. I would love for Cooper fight to be a Charlotte Hornet. No, no, no, no. That Would be amazing. No, no, no. League be in the up pro. Hell No and beat me up. It's Up. Let's go. No, no, No. That's, that's a fire three. That is a fire. But no, that's a fire three bro. We don't that, that market ain't for Cooper. That's a fire three dj. I ain't mad at that at all bro.


St. Cooper, Charlotte because We, we horrible. He point up with a hair bone and a Hellcat. It is up A new balance. Get step in Because that'd be, that'd be shit. What three or four lottery picks. That's the problem. Ain got nothing but lottery picks. Man. It ain't lottery You all Boston. Shit. Turn up Say down until you come up. Trust the process. Nah, For Real. Hey I'd rather him do that. At least he get Complace with my good boy because of Wizards boy. God damn. It's Gonna be a lot on this shoulders bro. Is what I'm saying. Respect. I like to, I I wouldn't be mad to see Charlotte like that. They might get some TV games. They excited but damn if Lalo could just stay healthy bro. Yeah, he's so cold. He just always hurt. Yeah man. Get will soon.


Melo for sure he beat the PE because yesterday one 19 to 1 0 8. Your favorite white boy hat 32 and four. The Allstar 23 9 and 10. That's, that's, that's nothing for us. That's Light Murphy 35, 2 ITT Hero time. It's t it's his team. Mm. Jimmy's Jimmy he played but you know Jimmy chilling. Jimmy ain't trying to get hurt. He trying to get traded. It's tall hero time. Jimmy be clown bro. Yeah that Preco. What? What are you asking me if I wanna be here or not? I mean what do you mean by that? He can be clouded bro With purple hair. I Love it. I said damn. Just tell him you wanna go to Phoenix bro. Yeah Bro. Then he went to the peak. Hey he's hilarious because he's like Hey y'all, I do the fuck I want to. 'cause I know what happens to the playoffs.


Yeah, yeah. But right now it's Tyler Heroes team. He's playing at an all time high. Confidence is through the roof. He gotta a fade. He he just locked in right now. He ain't doing too much talking nothing. He just playing and he killing A little s shoved. Didn't do nothing to my boy confidence, nothing he locked in. Yeah, that Judo toss. That was wicked. What do you think that need? I mean if you move on from Jimmy, do they need to go get a guard a point guard? I mean you can. What do You think the team Did? I like T Row. I like Tyler Hero with the ball in his hand. Hmm. He playing well like that. I don't think they need a point guard right now, but if they do they can go get Dre Fox or they can go get a a explosive guard.


But Hey Dre Fox on that team. That's scary Telling you bro. That's Scary to have T Row Duck Robinson. What we doing in Sack and DeMar? You know that's our guy, you know what I mean? Simons is good but him with bam bro. The young core like that, they gonna be scary Bro. And the way that he organization just ran, the way they play basketball, having all those valuable players just Find out nowhere. They don't nobody to push the push the ball like deer fox bro. Like they don't have no, they trying to go up and down. Yeah. Bam. Trying to go up and down. Bam is not no half court nigga bro. Yeah he probably so he not really that good. Yeah he Is and you can always keep t you know what I'm saying. T Rose a great six male alphabet.


He's always great. So he, it'll all And he a great vet but you going, you gonna have to trade him if you try and get de fired. He's, he's in that, he's dunk Robinson out here. Robinson up been playing some good basketball for him though. I was gonna say put him that lineups. That's The problem Dr. Robinson in the, in the playoffs and start. Remember he was cold again. Yeah. Get Dr. Outta here Now. You nothing on dunk Robinson? No I like him but that's why he's a good trade bait. Oh shit. He gonna do that on the next nigga team. You feel out? I feel my buddy Hill and I, I Love Alec Berks though. Alex t is a quiet killer. Hey Ate professional been killer for a long time too. Yeah I really, I really like his game. But He murdered last postseason two. But You but bro he can get up out Miami too because you, you a good Fit.


Him and his family chill bro. No but you a good out To Al bro ain't straight. I'm not sure that the Sacramento king That trade. You talking very silly. I'm sleep. You sleep. Get him outta here. And who is this Cola dude? Ola. Yo. He ain't gonna wear Nah nah That's the fake Yoka. Nah, nah yo organization. Him and James Yer ain't going nowhere brother. Who's Gonna be there brother? Get him outta here. You crazy. Josh Christopher you for sure is out there. Josh. Christopher you go somewhere else Allegation Matter of fact send my young and Josh Christopher send him to Charlotte. No Send him to Charlotte. No, no, no. You Working him out the league. Young athletic guard He's got back in the league.


You trying to send him out the league. Young Athletic guard bro. Go go where you tolerated bro. Man y'all crazy. You're crazy man. The Raptors beat the net yesterday one 30 to one 13 snapping the 11 game loose streak. Which is crazy. Scotty Bars had 33 at 13 trash. Yeah it made quickly 21 to 15. Kim Johnson had 24 and the Delos debut 22 and eight Told Y'all dlo he gonna average 20 when he on that nets team. But welcome back quick. I know he had been injured most of the year but having a big game last night. One of my favorite young players, I think he called, got that payday up there. Hopefully he can stay healthy the rest of the season. God damn nets man you ain't supposed to lose to the Raptors bro.


It's crazy. And my dog didn't play RJ Barrett so. Yeah y'all wilding They can't lose to the real gd. Nah bro. Scotty bars was killing yesterday. He was Killing yesterday. A lot of people hated him for a while. Who getting that bag? Scotty Barn. She Had a lot of smut about Him. Man, mind y business bro. I don't hate on nobody getting that bag. I just, Nah People was criticizing him though for the like asking if he earned it or not. I think the funny thing about that is that people be like, is he a max player? Will? Yeah that's what, depending upon what the team is. If we ain't paying nobody on this team, then yes I am the max player. Yeah. In Toronto. Yeah. Gimme the Ball and don't nobody, I'm not gonna say don't nobody wanna go to Toronto 'cause I would've went to Toronto. I I would live in Toronto enough money y'all pay me.


I'll come litter. Yeah. Now you say you go to Baghdad for a few hundred grands. So go My mama a few grand Grand but a couple million. I live in Baghdad for a year. You played the Doba league for El. Alright. 1.5. I play in do league. But that Far. How long? How long the league got last though? How long is it you gonna play four months? It do Dubai you gotta stay there. No. No because y'all know how them overseas stents is be gone it 10 months, 11 months. I'm not doing that. You need a Mo run. MOOC was in goddamn Ghana for 11 months. Nah, I ain't doing that. FaceTime calls Over but if it's seven, six or seven months for a meal, yeah y'all can sign me up. I'll go Who?


Oh yeah, six, seven months. How many games we play? We did 10 Day Dubai. Let's set it up. Oh, 10 day Ain't Dubai easy work? Nah you'll get 1.5 though. You know the 10 day that's a, that's a trial period. It's like Netflix four, $4 million. You gotta play four games a week. Damn. Dang. You know same way. No Really? You y be No you have a game at 8:00 AM at 8:00 PM 2.5. 2.5 to three. I do it four games a week. Yep. Six, seven months. Yep. Set it up. You gotta play 80% of the game. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know I'm contract with Wicked Bull. Yeah, yeah I do that for 2 million for sure. Just 'cause I like hooping like and hold on. They pay for everything to Dubai.


Am I living like a king or am I living You living like a basketball player? Yeah Nigga. So How you gonna go over there and live like a king? Some people get treated really Well. Niggas kill me. I'll try to take over another country. I'm just saying how, how they treat me. Do they gimme a the whip I got a Lambo. What I got? Oh. I mean I don't Know what them roads is like in the Dubai. On which side? You on Glory Road. So you, they gotta, they gotta provide you a whip and a home. They Usually do that when you go overseas You're playing four games a week. They usually do that when they go overseas though. Yeah, go Play four Games a week. You gonna drive Lebo to the game too? No Team bus? Nah, he Pat b. See how he live? Nah, he back, Back Where He at?


He somewhere living nice. He living on the water so he might get lucky. What, What? What country he in? Oh he was in Israel if I'm correct. Right. Oh they fighting over there? Yeah. Yeah it is a little hectic over there. I if He ain't going over there with no war. Nah, nah, nah. So I ain't enough money nigga. I live in 10 mil. I live in Indianapolis 10 mil. We already already got our own wars. Right, That's what I'm saying. You grew up in it. I ain't grew up in a real war zone. You said 10 mill go live in Israel. Hell bad Moving on. See that niggas smoke. What'd you say Team period. Pac got two I turned. Huh? Pack got two? Yeah and one in bonuses Out today.


Run it Up. How long? Shout out to Pat. Hell yeah Pat how Long he gotta be over there Pat over there until probably June 10 months. That nigga left in August. I mean 3 million for 10 months ain't bad. Hell No do it. It's probably tax free too. Ain't yeah. Yeah that was decision. I go do they probably known, you know what I mean? Through the, through the TV too. It's Some chicken overseas for show. Nah, shout to them boys getting that money boy. He going to the middle of the war. The rocks be the mad yesterday one 10, the 99 they said we gotta pronounce Sagan's name. Right. It's Saun Shaun is what they told us. So we had his name fucked up. Fucked up Sagon? Yeah Sagon. So the end. So the end is Silent's.


So Many jokes there but I'll say it for the podcast. He had 23 6 4 Silence. Jelly Green had 22 N five. They spelled his name wrong on his birth certificate. They spelled his name wrong. It's crazy for sure Got when I used to hear that sound when I woke up my big brother be on the game. I used to be hype as fuck. I didn't Sonic Movie fired. Yeah. Second Genesis is I Woke up to a different sale. Shout to BET Uncut. That's why I get up early down. I thought about Say I thought you about say something else bro. Yeah I say I thought you heard. I say damn I about to ask. I noticed some bro go to the bathroom. Nah, Nah I didn't. I didn't live in the same room as my brother. I had my own room.


I did Fuck you no shade. I'm just saying no shade crazy every time. No shade. I'm just Saying y'all crazy man. Pace was at Heat tonight. Who y'all got? Yeah Heat. Nah that's crazy. Tyler Har Been playing great. I'm gonna take the heat just To, we on Win Street Tallah. Har should have been a pastor too. We'll talk about that for another podcast. What? Yeah, Celtics at t Wolves. I got Tyrese instead. Nah listen I would've nevermind. Celtics at t Wolves Celtics. Yeah. It should be a good game though. T Wolves. Woo. I'll take the T Wolves tonight. Take the T Wolves. I ain't mad at it. Nets at bucks. Bucks. I'm gonna take the bucks. Bucks as well.


Clippers at Thunder. I'm gonna take the Thunder. I ain't gonna get some thunder right now. Thunder Roll Thunder roll 76 ERs at Warriors On a back to back. I'm gonna take the Warriors. Yeah, Yeah this is Yeah, yeah. Shots to my dog Dre. Yeah, we're taking the Warriors Blazers at Lakers. I'm gonna take the Lakers. Yeah unfortunately I hope so man you gotta pick a Lakers. That's funny. I a couple college football playoff games. We gotta get in tune for y'all. Texas took care of Arizona State at double OT yesterday. 39, 31 game was crazy. I thought I was gonna be a belt to ass situation but the Longhorns wanted to smoke that game regardless. They still came through with it. It's funny that we brought this up.


We have a whole great podcast dropping today but getting MVP of a game that you lost, did that resonate with you after that conversation? It said very well when we was in there. That's crazy bro. We talked about on the podcast, but I'll say it again. Played in the Anaheim Classic. Mike looked it up. I won MVP but they gave an award to James Harden that day. He ended up getting like 40, almost 50 points against St. Mary's when they had Patty Mills and somehow he got the MVP that night. But on on the fucking website it say Jeff Teague won MVP but I ain't get my award so people who run in a hot classic send me my shit Man. Shout to Camp Scout up over get MV you killing when you get a VP and you lost man.


1 43 rest of yards. Two tds, 99% yards, 42 pass yards and a TD again. Man it went crazy. Texas man. Texas sold the game. Really? Yeah. Kick shout out to the kicker. I know he somewhere Praising God. Praise guy for sure. Two Missed two field goals but Arizona State should have won the game. 'cause they had Texas what, fourth and 13 in overtime And brought the noise for no reason. Brought The noise. Actually it was a bluff though. 'cause they ain't even send them. You know what I mean? Like you going, You gonna, Whatever. I'm not a football guy, so I ain't gonna even say it, but fourth and 13, they didn't bring the house. They, they faked it and the safety let 'em get behind them.


Touchdown. We going on overtime. Texas the better team. So you knew they already was struggling to score? Yeah. Arizona State. It was a struggle for them to get points to 'em. A lot of stuff had to go right for them. A lot of calls, a lot of things. But what did happen though? I feel like it got cheated a little bit. Mm Is that Headon Collision when that guy caught that pass? Yeah. That was crazy. Yeah, Hamilton helmet. I was like damn, that might have to be a call right there. And they didn't call it. Yeah, call targeted. Yeah, but the but you know the ref would've got killed for calling it that situation too. Even though you made But it was was right. They would've got murdered. Called out Would've got murder. So I respect what the refs did, but I honestly thought it was a Hamilton, Hamilton contact. I was like shit that should be Target. Yeah, target might have changed that game for sure. Yeah.


Ohio State built a ass situation yesterday. Told score is way closer than what it was. It was 41 21. But they handled the shit outta Oregon. Man. I told Y'all Ohio State gonna win a chip. Y'all should have bet on it. Put On draft feed all The teams. I like Ohio State and the 49 ERs when it come to football. Oh dang. Get well soon. 49 ERs chocolate name. He cold. Hey one of the best pro prospect, wide receiver in a very long time. He should be able To leave after his freshman year. That's Crazy. That's how crazy because he ain Good. Come on seven catches. 180 7, 2 tds. He know it's crazy for Oregon situation too. Like I kind of, I don't feel bad for them but I feel bad for them. Like you number one gonna undefeated it. You gotta play these Guys again. Yeah, that's the crazy part.


You gotta spend a block against this team, which is arguably the best team in college football. That's de not fair bro. Like if I beat them I shouldn't have to see them. But it is what it is. What you gotta do Three years in college? Yeah. Damn. It's crazy that like Marvin Harrison Jr. Leave at wide down. He's a top five pick. We think he was the best wide out football last year and you get this freshman and it's like you don't miss a beat. Oh. You know what I mean. Smarter than you baby. Yeah, he's that good though. Like Yeah, he's elite bro. He's one of the most talented prospects. We've seen a very long time man. Oh so he looks so much bigger than they DBS yesterday. I don't know how tall the Oregon dbs are. They look like little kids though. I always feel bad for Oregon 'cause they always get in the college playoffs, you know what I'm saying? They be having the the cold ass jerseys and shites.


I win as fuck. Oh they be having that shit on. Oh They freshest. I'll go to Oregon if I play football though, I'll be, if I played basketball, I would've thought about Oregon too. I don't know if they be that fresh but Nah. No they should. They should. All right too. I mean I don't know but The football shit is different for Sure. Yeah, they shit be crazy. They had like a hundred thousand uniforms For sure man. Obviously due to the tragedy that took place on New Year's Eve. New Year's Day. The game for Notre Dame, Georgia got pushed to today. Who y'all got, Y'all take Georgia. I got the dogs, you know I don't, yeah, I don't rock with That. I think it'd be a decent game Though. Even though my little brother Mark going to Notre Dame. Lou one of my best friends, he from South Bend. That's all he talk about in Notre Dame.


So I just gotta go against him anytime. I think The game would be close. I think the money is spread on that. I mean the money line on that probably 17. Think it'll be within that. If you, if you wanna win somebody tonight, put your money on Georgia. If you gonna win some money, I ain't gonna lie, you should put your money on Notre Dame. Oh. But I want Georgia to win. You want put, I think Notre Dame gonna win but I won't Georgia if Rudy ain't subbing in tonight, I gotta look At the eyes of that though. That money line Check out Draftings. You know what I'm saying? What your best there for? Show verify buckets be here who start off the year off. Right. I'm just, I'm gonna still keep giving it to my youngin. Ian Jackson. Okay. From North Carolina. Three consecutive games with 20 plus. Mm. So you know what I mean. He's stepping into the new year on on Demon time For sure.


Respect. He trying to get outta there. I see Ian. Yeah he said he was gonna do it. Go crazy. King father Got a shot to, you know what I mean? Start. Yeah Coach letting him rock. So shout out to Ian For sure man. And it's crazy like you know with some of these kids we see as talent that highly talented. They come in these programs, we expecting him to start took him a little bit of time to get to it but I think that's probably for the better 'cause Ian, he ain't gonna get that job up bro. He gonna keep killing for sure. Yeah he might be in one of the, we'll see, I'm gonna go show some love. Scotty Barnes bro. 33 and 13 to five. Man listen they put small in your name and get a max deal. That's Max deal numbers to me bro. Man my verified bucket, I'm gonna go to Pat Kelsey. Okay. Hell Of a recruiting pitch. Hell of recruiting job. You got my young boy. Mikel Brown going to Louisville.


Shout to Mikel making that decision hike for you young man. I know you got that bag. Yes sir. But Shout out to Pat Kelsey man. My old coach at Wake Forest man able to get a top five recruit. I feel like one of the top point guards in that class to help change Louisville around, you know what I mean? We're Blessed. If we have him for two years then God is good but he is that good. We gotta Throw Joker in there too man. We on the road too. Come on bro. The number one all time leader in triple Dubs man. Respect. Come on bro. 31 Crazy line. Come On man. Also Kat 31 21 bro. Like it's getting to the point to where we're normalizing these cat is killing this year. He is having a historic year. Gotta show some love for sure. Be here. Who needs some good love man? The last end of the week y'all. They need some encouragement to go through the rest of the weekend.


Get well soon. Probably them 50 ass Raptor Wolves losing about 54 to the Celtics couple days ago. Yeah that was tragic. The Celtics could have beat them if they didn't even score in the first half. Yeah, that's Crazy. Yeah we didn't get a chance to speak. You gotta come out the locker room in the first half Still beat you. Yeah. Thinks the wildest. I didn't know that part. That's crazy. Yeah bro. But for me not to have to score in the first half and still beat you and we in the NBA together. Yeah out of pocket. We In NBA together makes it funnier because I don't just work here. You work here too. Yeah. You know 'cause you know sometimes the NBA players y'all go play over in Europe and play one of them little teams like nah bro we we in this together bro. You didn't have to score at all in the first half. Could have win this.


So that's crazy For sure. Who you got te? Shit, how many hockey is bro? Yeah he got punched on my boy Herb Jones Lefty. That nigga name ain't Jamie. Nah Hammi that boy from Hammi got punched on. Yeah. Okay. That boy know how to say them Spanish names. Fuck him. Listen, hey with the left. I ain't gonna lie. The New Orleans Pelicans broadcast team Antonio O' Daniels, They'd be geeked up Baby Geeked. I I can listen, I can The Pelican's so damn sad this year so I can't really watch much games but when they were good and they was rolling, I love listening to them man Antonio that was really good at at Color Play by Play Shop.


Yeah He be super animated. He, he talk a lot but he it be good content though. I ain't gonna lie. That Nigga look like gel. It's them, them and the Hornets Hornets broadcast be wild. They be crashing out for show. I be like they whiling I'm Do So imagine if we got Cooper Flag Ella with that. That's they gonna have to put them on TV bro. Yeah Steph Thomas be be over there A while or two. Nah Dale Cur getting some wild shit off on the low. Yeah Who get more. What? That's A wild. Nope that's a wild lineage. Hey Do me Craig get up. He was like I'll be riding to the game. What's up when he play a home game bro? Get your way to work dad. I know we work the same place. I'm not riding Nah Nigga my son League y niggas better drive me around.


Fuck you up. Pick me up, Take you out out the weekends au games nigga. Y'all Old as he should N Pops hop in that Uber Boat. I'm pulling up to Duke and shit to come watch y'all all kind of shit. Where the hell is Steph Curry's college at? Davison Ins and Carolina Davidson, Caroline, all that motherfucker Mouse I'm putting on this Bentley. He get y'all turn Carport with your dad to work the league against far though. I can't hit it off. That's tight. Also get well soon man Walker Kessler man I know you've been on Trading Blocks but don't put this on that clip 'cause Kat caught your ass slipping. Yeah He punched on him. Kaden has some nice highlights this year. Nah, Kat's having historic, That shit still fucks me up. What he did on a wing Out to Ka.


Man You know what's crazy how strong he is, A lot of these highlights of Walker Kessler all be all due to like Lori barking not playing defense. He be doing some bullshit and getting him set up. That's crazy. Damn bro. I gotta help you every time and get on the highlight. Fuck it. Yeah man I don't get paid for it Is really Lori That got dunked on but Y gonna say I'm gonna say weak help side but that's, that's, that's some bullshit. But shout out to Calvin Type something off To go to New York where it's a lot of pressure. The media, all that scrutiny and all that stuff and you go out there and balling and just embracing all that. I didn't expect that from you. Nasty and yeah continue to keep thriving bro. You, you Killed. I was definitely worried about his mental Yeah tell them Knicks fans or something else.


Yeah but He, he embracing it and kill him. Yeah. Yeah. What he doing this year? They buy him some time for show for Slack My nigga Apel man come on Melo. You Having a better season than Melo? When Melo came The first year? Yeah possibly. Yeah, possibly. But Melo, Melo first year in New York was special though. Yeah him Nobody had a better first year Amari though. I was gonna say Omar first year in New York was crazy. Yeah, Amari Got on their way. Amari got it cracking in New York again. For sure. Listen man, first one of the year be him people trying to start the year off with some wins. What you got for him? Let's see what we got today man. Lemme get it though for y'all. He Making this up on his head. Oh man, chill. Tyler Hero 20 points tonight.


Tyrese Halliburton eight assist Norman Powell. 25. Ooh Jalen Williams 20 Damien Lillard 25 Giannis 12 rebounds. Mm. Jalen Brown, 25 points. Mm Anthony Davis 25 points. Okay. $200 wins you a grand total of $23,000. Mm I don't know about that one. 200 for 23 bands. Yeah two I I ain't mad at it. Might might have to shave here and there but I ain't mad. I Don't know about that one. So that's what we're doing For sure man.


Listen, use promo code Club five 20 on Draft Kings, you know what I'm saying? The crown is yours.


Appreciate y'all New got practice man. Same us. We'll be back next week. Y'all be safe. Five 20 in the Morning. I wish me Luck. The Volume.