
The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming Greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers, and the new award winning Legion Go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam. West Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out Lenovo dot com slash legion Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible beverage items like Red Bull and Sparkling Ice. Or breakfast favorites like Kellogg's Pop-Tarts, Kellogg's Frosted Flakes, and Kellogg's Eggo Waffles plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Hi, I'm Matt. And I'm Leah. And we're from the Grownup Stuff Podcast. And just in time for tax season. On this week's episode, we're chatting with CPA Lisa Green Lewis about how small businesses can tackle their taxes using TurboTax business. A Forbes study mentioned that a whopping 93% of small businesses overpay their taxes and 17% of Gen Zers believed that you could write off any expense as a business expense. So can't blame them. It is really important to do your taxes right. Listen to Grownup Stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Monday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date. Everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wills. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Prick. To my right, my brother t fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening bro? What up though? How y'all living man? Chilling man. How y'all doing? Coming off a great weekend man. I gonna say yeah, Back to work baby had to get back early in the city yesterday so I could make sure I was here in prompt because I had to rejuvenate my body man, Be here. Had a yeah some road games this weekend man. For sure Man. Shout out to Houston, huh? My second home. Be careful.


Sure man. Before we get to 'em as a couple of news, keep it up to date in the basketball world. LeBron is out for almost two weeks going strain. Is it time for Luca? You know what I'm saying? Hold it down. Keep that two spot about to see a new Luca with the Lakers. Nah, he probably about to lose that two spot. Oh damn. Luca like his back hurt so Yeah he don't look, he probably gonna sit out too so probably quiet for that two spot. Oh yeah, the nuggets right. Damn. Yeah man that's crazy because they probably gonna drop back down a five a two game loser streak could put them all the way down to the fifth seat. Wish. I mean they probably wouldn't be too scared of Grizzlies right now I would imagine. Yeah, they're probably gonna drop down to the five seat. Dang. Speaking of the five seat to Rocket Smith Thompson's out two weeks with a ankle sprain any game for no reason.


Late in the game. That sucks. Game was already taken care of but he was in there basically step patterning. Damn That sucks. Yeah, him being out for two weeks is tough But they at this time, yeah they Got some wings though. So Taris and and Taron be hooping my boy Cam Winmore. Yeah Cam and then Jabari Smith. So maybe he get his spot back. Yeah, you was talking about that situation. Injury be help you more than opportunity you can sometimes. That's true. Yeah. Get back in there and kill for sure man. Let's get straight take to it yesterday. SGA put on a show yesterday with a 40 piece against the Nuggets 1 23 to 1 0 3 victory yesterday.


SGA had 48 and five. Jalen Williams 26, 9 and eight and NPJ Hooped out with 24 15 and Yolk 24 13 to nine. I know this game wasn't a game we were talking about but You know they said now it's back open for who could win MVP after Joe which had 30, 20 and 20 the first 30, 20 20 game in NBA history. Is it still SGAs loose? Nah, it's S Gs. Okay. They team, they just playing too. Well bro. And him averaging whatever he averaging and then in a game like this where You know the focal point was like MVP versus MVP for him to go get a 40 piece. He just solidified it for me. That's all. Okay. Hell did I yesterday be here?


Nah, I feel the same way bro. I, it is been his to lose all year to me. But you can't deny what Jokic been doing bro. It's just time to pass the torch though for sure. Okay. Yeah, taking a more, I don't know, taking a team like that and keeping them number one for a majority of the year is is different like Yeah and no matter who was there or not, like you said Bigs been injured in and out. Yeah. Didn't matter who showed up. Especially if that's what the MVP race is like how you book it. Like I didn't feel alright now I'm number one. You damn near gotta give it to me like I killed last year but we wasn't number one. Now it's mine for sure. Most definitely. Yeah. A lot of people feel like he got slighted last year. I'm one of those people for sure.


J Dub being his roommate hooping out with 26. Hey man, I like this young team man. I can't wait to see what they do in the playoffs man. At this point it's just time for 'em. Get to the playoffs healthy and see what they can do man. Yeah I mean I, I want 'em to be successful in the playoffs but shit that's, it's other people that been there and it's kind of hard to, You know what I mean? Say they just gonna run through it just 'cause they number one Most definitely not the first round they should, we're anticipating 'em handling the first round but that second round is where it get tricky 'cause once you get to that second round in the west, like you said, it's deep out there. It it get real ugly for sure. Yeah. And people just been there before. I ain't gonna lie. It is probably not gonna be the run. They ain't gonna run through the first round. Mm because they match up just if you looking at it now, if it go how it's supposed to, they supposed to play the Clippers or the Timber Ws or possibly the Warriors.


Them all bad matchups. Yeah Like the Timberwolves is probably the easiest one out of that. Like you got a healthy Kauai. Yes sir. And James Harden against the Thunder. They done been in the mix. Yeah. I don't know bro. I don't know. That's a team I wanna play. Mm. Big Zoo box, I don't know. And then the Warriors with Jimmy and Steph and Draymond. That ain't a matchup. I won't either so it ain't as easy as we would think. It's not, Don't make no normal acs. You got Hall of Fame and Champions in the eighth C Timber. W if you praying in the Timber Ws it's the eighth C And my, I got a, my third option is Fire and Norman Powell.


Yeah that's a dub. You got two top 70 fives. NPS is your third. And my big going to get his regardless. So that ain't no for sure ain't no walking apart Against a championship coach. Yeah That's what I'm saying at when you've been there before. It is, it is different bro. Respect and the Timberwolves, I'll be praying for them just 'cause of matchups like they got Rudy Gobert. Yeah. So You know that's Advantage you got offensively all the time. You can stretch the floor with Chet and all that whatever. Yeah But the mother two them, them warriors, them clippers. Boy They better hope the Kings accidentally slip up. Nah Real Shit.


Nah you, you Gucci that's different. Yeah you green. You green. If you get the Kings praying for the Kings are crazy. I Maverick Bro. Mavericks and the Kings. You grin most definitely in the, in the Suns And you grin. Well let that play in and shit work out Lord Willing. Yeah because we Sleep. We get the Kings. They get the Kings. They are Kings Mavericks sons. You sweet. But yeah it is Christmas Tree Clippers tender might be one of the scariest AFCs ever bro. Clippers and the Yeah Well the number one was And we'll talk about Gu Game Hunter a little bit later but yeah I don't wanna see Quad the playoffs I guess I'm just giving 'em that much respect 'cause they been whooping ass all year.


But like you said, when you break it down like that shit two top 70 fives and the, The playoffs is just different bro. I ain't taking nothing away from that season. You be real For sure. Gotta think they could sit there and game playing just for one team. That's that's that's way different than like You know you playing all these games back to backs new team every other day, whatever it is. Yeah. Ty Luca sit there and make a game playing for SGA. It's a little different bro. And listen we love to see it boy but SGA he'll have to go against Ka quad in that fourth quarter. It's a little different or just some doubles like people probably ain't really, You know in the NBA you play so many games you, you do a scout report over guys.


We all know who good, we know that. But you don't make a real, real, real game plan like right yo. Every time he on the left side of the floor we doubling 'cause he scored from here or they don't do that. Yeah they just be like hey we icing on the sides SGA we going under pick and roll, You know he trying to get to the meeting whatever it is just like a general gameplay Boy got multiple audibles for the playoffs. If this don't work then we're going right here. Soon as we go ice soon, as soon as we go ice. So we running running somebody at him. Don't fuck this up. Lou Dork got an average 30 this series he gotta hit 1530s. Yeah. On, You know what I mean? They gonna do something different And you be interesting in championship coach.


You said tlu definitely ready for them games For sure. Yeah for sure man. Shout to, okay see Cavs Center Winy Street to 14 yesterday took care of the bucks. One 12 to 100. Man hell of a game yesterday. It got ugly in the fourth quarter though. But hey Max Ru who out yesterday? 17 to nine. Donvan Mitchell had 15, Giannis had 30 and nine and Dame had 22 and five. Another pre-game show was talking about we know Don Dame and Giannis gonna kill. Right. What about the role players And that second half here really, really, really showed Kyle Cos was still trying to get figured out with that team. He didn't shoot the best at all yesterday but man we know Damion's gonna kill but the, the role players gonna have to show up for them to go far the playoffs man. What the role players shoot what? Cos gonna shoot six foot 13.


That ain't bad. Nah but yeah but he didn't start hitting until the game got outta hand. That was the problem. He started off real rough Ball. One for nine? Yeah to in Prince two for seven. Brooke Lopez two for five. Yeah that boy Giannis get him up boy. Oh You know what time it is and early people wasn't hitting. Yeah no swings mean y Yanna shot what 30 but he went what 13 for 24? Yeah. I mean the thing is they kind of, I'm not gonna say easy to guard but they are, they predictable. Hmm. Like I was watching somebody talk about, You know Dame going to get to the basket or you gonna shoot a three.


Right. Nothing wrong with it. He one of the greatest people to ever do it. He can shoot a deep three, he can do whatever he want on the court pretty much. But Giannis is predictable. You know what he gonna do? He going to the basket. Yes sir. And you'll live with him shooting jumpers. But he's, he can pass but he don't want to pass. So these guys that's shooting the ball, they gotta be ready. Like I gotta be sitting there ready pocket ready. I don't know when it's coming. They don't run no plays for me. I just need to make sure I'm ready if it do come to me, that's a tough way to play. Yeah, Yeah It's a tough way to play. Yeah. Telling everybody the hoop like Bruce born. It is, it is tough.


Yeah. Especially when you got like so if you think about LeBron, he draws just as much attention as LeBron. But the thing LeBron did really well is he could score when he wanted to. Yeah he played in transition but he used to get everybody going. Yeah He gonna let Kevin Love get a couple threes. He gonna let whoever get a couple shots. JR Smith might get two or three threes in the first half. Yeah. First quarter. I mean people got attempts and then LeBron he'll slowly work his way into the game. He'll have eight points in the first quarter. You don't know it 'cause he ran the lane. Yeah. Got two layups, got fouled, went to the bench, came back in, got another layup And you don't even, you ain't really feel LeBron scoring but you felt like JR Smith damn Jr.


R Smith hit two three. He say damn Kyrie got eight. But you ain't even notice LeBron had eight. Yeah that's definitely not the vibes in Milwaukee. No You gonna see all of them 10 from Giannis for sure. Yeah you going to it ain't no easy run outs like I mean he get in transition on his own but you'll see him one on five step through dunk. Yeah you don't ever see like him just getting everybody going in the first quarter or whatever. Ice don't give a fuck about that wall either bro. I was crying sir. He gonna drive right in it Bro. It was a three on two yesterday disadvantage them and the first, the play before he had passed to Prince Mr. Corner three cos run the wing and nigga looked at cos and went one on three and tried to get the lay. I said yeah y'all just don't give a fuck Torian Prince blew. Yeah He was like yeah nah yeah I'm gonna try this off The off.


He a great player but he's so good that he is like yeah I don't, I got trust issues like if you don't hit that first one ain't coming back to you. Trust Troy Prince Bull. I was crying all that nigga wouldn't bet he probably trusts AJ Green. Obviously he know Brooke and he probably trusts Dame. I'm not saying he don't trust the other players but he if it is two on one. Yeah Bro he keeping the ball For sure. You know how it was watching Martin nigga he get call out bro. All y'all everybody Yeah it's over with. I've been on that team before he be over he you ain't make the first one.


You be like just up me out. I don't see you no more. Yeah, nah y'all get Brent Forbes but here is shit. He trust Brent. Fuck it. Damn. Damn Brent Forbes. Shout out to the Cavs though for handling business. Do we feel differently about them? Do we feel like at this point now they can compete with the Celtics in the series? Oh They can compete. Can they win it? No. Okay. They can't beat the Celtics. The Celtics is just, when you watch them play they not even, it's too easy. Like I know they don't win all they games or whatever. They record not as good as the Cals but when they like clicking it's over man. What's their biggest weakness? Who? The Celtics.


If you had a coach against them, what would you Their biggest weakness is is from poor Ingas stay healthy but they got a backup for the backup. Poor Zenas ain't healthy. Luke Al Harford come in. Luke Cornett started hooping. They always got a backup. Drew the thing that happened with the Celtics, drew Holiday was Andrew for a while but they got Drew back then you see how they played against the Lakers like damn. Yeah And you got Al Hartford out there. Guard LeBron comfortable on the island bro. That shit is crazy. Not driven. So that's the difference between them. They, they had a comfort that nobody else in the league is is at. They not worried at all.


What they 10 deep For sure. Ah, easy easily for sure. Nah we gonna get to that Lakers Celtic game shortly man. Shout out to the Cavs though. It's crazy 'cause the Celtics are eight games behind them in the inning but they've won 14 games in a row. Like the Cavs is just really whooping shit. For real. They're playing great. For sure man. Shout out to the Cavs KW got the game with yesterday in OT gets to Kings won 11 0 1 10. Harden went crazy yesterday. 29 11 N nine. Kwa had 17 Big Zion, me B had 22 or 14. The Rosa hoop out yesterday 31, 10 and seven and Zach Levine had 30 and seven as well. We talked about this in the show. That's a dangerous half h to be bro. I don't know if they gonna stay there 'cause probably, You know, made a little bit of movement but I wouldn't wanna see them.


I wouldn't wanna see the Clippers at all bro. I mean they not really good but they good. They got, I feel like they got people that's capable of winning them games. Yeah they that's what, that's what they got. Like they're not, they're not the best team but they got so many capable players that they can be scared for sure. Damn. 29 from James Hard after just happened 50. He been going crazy this month but that Kauai game Leonard is hilarious. Do we have that loaded up by chance? Okay. It just floated anyway but damn, 40 minutes for Kauai. Seven for 19? Yeah he might be out for two weeks after that though. I ain't trying to be funny bro. He might for real. Y'all know how it go. 40 minutes.


Why I might out this next one. That's the only thing my boy using that PTO. He already used it all here bro. Yeah but just 40 minutes bro. He might be out there gonna Say now You know Lou, I did this 40 minute shit ticket. Just say the teams program over here. What we doing Be out. I got swim for you today. I gotta figure out tomorrow. James Paron played 43. Yeah James four. James gonna hoop Though but still bro 44 minutes is crazy. I know he play OT but still Here we go let got the game up. That ain't big boy ball. That's the most emotional that nigga ever heard. I Was gonna say he show more emotion than that than win the championship. He Is that Pat Mills? Yeah Pat Mills on nigga.


Pat the bat stay in the league. I'm shit how you doing? Stop hating. Shout out to Patty. Way to be a good guy. He's a Great mill. Is in the NBA still Him, Garrett Temple. Great. Keep a bag. Shout out out to Patty Mill. Great guy. I seen that headband. That Derrick Fisher headband bro Hip. That was my boy Cory Joseph too. They all keep a, keep a bag. Nah, that's Hard. Keep a job. That's hard. Great guys. Oh man, I don't know why we're talking about this but we can talk about the Suns. I guess they gotta win over the Mavs. They game and a half back for 10 spot. Who cares? They the Mavs ain't obviously they ain't trying to do nothing.


They just trying to get through the rest of the season without losing more players. They only got seven people to play. They barely got subs. Son should have won this game. I don't even know why we're talking about this but it's A good game for Marshall though. 34, 10 and nine. That's fire. Oh yeah bro. Like you said somebody gotta shoot. That's a fact. 40 minutes go crazy my Boy. Nah, he shot the ball well too. Nah, Guy. Yesterday somebody got scored. Yeah Clay went April 20 yesterday. Still got 26. Shout out to the goat. Five for 14 for three? Yeah Somebody got in the ball bro. That's crazy man. We did not anticipate the season. They went to the finals last year. This is a ca. This is a, a confidence builder for Clay Thompson. Okay. Get your confidence back bro. Rest of the season. Just hoop out and just shoot every time you get it.


When did he sign the two or three year deal? Three. Three All. Damn. Yeah My boy locked in. Yeah like you said get ready for next year. My boy. Yeah. Damn Clay. AB 14. Not that's weekend of but that's, that's Clay Thompson. That's crazy. Yeah we used to seeing him averaging it up but so happened man. That's father time. Yeah and it's undefeated for sure. The sons. We have any thoughts on the sons? Do I mean them getting to play and cool. I just want them to blow the team up at the end of the year and I don't even believe in blowing teams up but just get rid of everybody if you can. So they gonna probably get that 10 spot. So would you see a Mavs, Mav Timber, wolves B. How you feel about that Mavs?


Timber Wolves? You mean Sun Timber? I mean sun. Excuse to my apologies. Yeah the Mav will be at home. Apologies Sun Timbers, I'm I'm gonna take the T Wolves. Fuck. That's a tough question to ask me bro. I Know I just KD sons. If AE can't put out the sons bro, we gonna have to have a conversation and that's, that's the, if he can't put out the sons to the 2025 sons, that's nasty. What if The sons make it to the playoffs that just start killing niggas are gonna be pissed. Niggas will be bad Because they gotta win. They could though. Hey low key gotta win. See if they get the playoffs and start whooping shit after the NBA is gonna be in the dis rain.


For real. That's the thing they could, that's when if they do that, that's when everybody gonna get mad about the playing stuff. For Real Bro. Like bro these niggas was terrible all year bro. Y'all did this so perfect. I got 40 wins and they got 33. I'm get mad, You know Crazy. It shook me out of the playoffs. Jimmy Bull went to the finals from the play. If they complain about that instead of that, that's crazy. I'm just saying bro it is. It is like that though. There's no way if they make it to the playoffs, that's disrespectful bro. Bro if the son somehow snuck the timber woods bro. That's my only beef with the plan though. That's why I really genuinely didn't like it because if I worked so hard, especially if I made a run to get to the AFC and play these niggas that's been playing horrible all year and they beat me bro.


That sucks man. Yeah but it says more about you that you've been playing good all season now you can't take care of t that's worse than you. It's your fault. Nah dude you only gotta be good for what, two games. Yeah, you only gotta be good for two games. One shining moment bro. Lock in. Come on man. That's why I used to hate the tournament. NCAA tournament. Oh you niggas are sad. For real? Yeah. Are you Cleveland State? Y Y'all had one good game Get beat watch Got Ass Torch So bad They got smoke Got beat by 40 the next game like I hit all these bank shot threes, all this come On that shit man. Niggas play Great comparison though bro.


Swear it is the NCA that's What make people love it though. Hey man come on. Remember y'all remember Pat Bev taking the jersey off and throwing it bro. We don't get those moments without the play. That's Fuck he did do that. Oh be super chat. Well kds longevity ever submit him as the second greatest smile for in the odds of the masters. Despite not having birds accolades 18 years in and not slowing down at some point it just becomes ridiculous Shit. Second greatest small Ford ever. Mm Who the LeBron Small Ford. Most definitely. Yeah I mean KD is my number two but I ain't mad if you pick Bird or Pippin. I'm not mad if somebody picked him over kd I'll take Bird in that conversation.


I just never seen nothing like KD ever in my life. Yeah, I was gonna say if you take KD over to Bird, I ain't mad at you. The accolades for Larry Birder is crazy Though because Scotty Pippen was raw. Yeah, Yeah for sure. But he he third because he ain't got no MVP. Yeah But like I'm just saying, if a fan picks Scotty a he he won to Illustrate do it. I ain't mad at you To play, You know what I'm saying? Devil's advocate the situation if Michael Jordan had fucking Kevin Durant, I don't know bro. I I Bro You Know what niggas really suck you trying to slice Scotty bro. He was running up for MVP when Mike said out bro he was Bro. Nah bro. That's what I'm saying bro. And they still won Personnel matters. It does. They still won 50 something game. But that's Kevin Ray y'all listen Can you even play with other top niggas?


Yeah. In the league And ain't one fact he only went to win with sef. He done play with James. All of our favorite players Legitly, he played with all of our player favorite players but Broad. He played with De De book right now. Bradley Bill? Yeah He had some squad. Man Scotty Pi was blessed with Charles Barkley and Rasheed Wallace. Rasheed Wallace was killing but I'm saying he didn't have like, he caught everybody towards the end almost. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So and He was towards the end once he Yeah I was gonna say he was ugly then too. Westbrook. I gotta put some respect on Scotty name. We can talk about the off course shit but if somebody picked Scotty or KD so far, I ain't mad bro. I ain't Mad.


I mean Jordan didn't win without him. That's true. Yeah bro, that's a fact. I'm only knocking KD because you have been blessed to play with the early Kyrie James. Just everybody For real for real. You had your pick too. Scotty Pit would've love to part to join in this area joining one of the top players. 'cause Scotty Pippen playing with Kyrie and James Harden. That's a different team. Hmm. That's a different team bro. I dunno. Scottie Pippen is winning with the, that Warriors team too. I'll say is you put Prime OKC KD with Michael Jordan is they gonna figure that shit out. They gonna figure that shit. Scottie I watched Scotty's amazing. I'm not downplaying Scott Ppp motherfuckers said I was killing until they put Scottie Pippin on me and that was Gary Peyton.


I was having my time and Phil put that nigga Scotty Pippin on me. I'm like damn. And and GP we ain't trying to say too much of it. GP had a great career of course but he was a 20 point game nigga bro. Yeah. Top PG in the league. When somebody say they put Scotty over at my shit And You know how GP pop his shit. Yeah. You know what I'm saying. So I don't know. I don't know. I like, I think Kevin Durez a better player than Scotty but I ain't gonna just shit on, I think Scotty was, I had Scottie pip in Jersey so now Scotty was hard. I know how I feel about kd. I think he the greatest scorer ever in the NBA. They never one of the best players ever but so far his team trying to win. It ain't showed And don't sleep.


That nigga Larry was cold. Nah, Nah Larry, Larry was cold. Y'all know y'all know. But I'm just for the viewers. Larry was like that. That is not no old 1960s basketball. Nah he was whooping shit. Nah that nigga played the game with his whole left hand. Yeah he was Different. Yeah go watch what he did to the Hawks. Motherfucker played the game with his left hand. Yeah Larry, Larry Bird could play for short in this era. Most definitely. Jay Shrink said Jeremy Lamb went from playing for the Kings said it before. Yeah. He said I'm gonna play with my left hand. Yeah And you should Chaka do about it. Super trash said Jeremy Lamb went from playing for the Kings to hooping on the owner's daughter is really one hell of a post in NBA career. Oh yeah, he had the blueprint. Hey did you see the reporter came back and said that he's influencing the decisions. Yeah, I love that.


Yes. Beg Jeremy manager second case working a pro office. My boy there I, I wish I would've had the blueprint. I I didn't know that was a thing. I know that was, I didn't know. Shout Out to the Yukon lineage man. Oh God King blessing The world Facts bro. Lock it in though. Like lock all the way in. Like the proposal should be tomorrow if it hasn't been. Yes bro. Fuck nepotism. You cuss in front of line my boy. That's how you do it. Well You know what, I think we need to make some decisions over here. I think. I don't like that Zach Levine and Deebo lineup. Yeah bro. They gave you a grandbaby bro.


She said You know what Fox he's complaining about, You know he doesn't like the coach decision. Let's get him outta there. Hey, when we find out that Jeremy Lamb reason Mike Brown got fired. What's Up? What's up bro? Jeremy Lamb was the real Bloon bro. Yes. Like the fucking be Who? Sorry? The Sacramento Lamb shaking his name. He looking at, I about to call, he looking at the draft boys right now. Who y'all taking man? Matter of fact, that's who we need no club on. Yeah, Jaylen pull up man. We never get it down nigga. Talk about my real life. Oh man. Oh man, that's crazy. Crazy game Saturday though. That was a great blueprint. The best I've seen. I'm surprised Biden ever married Jeanie Buss.


Who did? Oh, Phil Jackson. Boy they have tried. Yeah, Phil got his job back after Best Virginia off the game. Hell no. Jimmy Bus out of pocket Phil. Damn Jesse Jackson. Damn Keys at oh How is Jimmy Bus bro? That's out of pocket six three. Damn. I mean how this feel Who around 83? Who around her age. That's like magic worthy and them ain't it? That's about 63. Jake Moore locked It in. You know say she Married, she married to who? The Actor Since when Who was that? Who that nigga outta shape little motherfucker. I remember him.


Oh I remember him. Yeah I remember J Moore. But that ain't him right there though. It is Him That V-Neck on. That's him and the V-Neck. Yep. Looking like a thumb. Damn. That's him. Shout to j Moore shout. Nah, Nigga got comfortable. He locked it in. Yeah, locked that in then. Then LeBron really out of pocket for that picture then. Yeah. I ain't never seen the The what's the name Talk about they sleep in different rooms and Shit. Who? Them like they, They got a, a whole condo, like one stay on the first floor. She stay on like the Second floor. I heard that's a lot of, that's common in marriages that women sleep in the other room. Yeah, but They do that. Yeah, that shit I, I would've married her and did it shit. Cool bro. If I played for the Lakers and whatever year she was 21 Sleeping in the other room with your girl in the crib is crazy.


Yeah, that's, That's I mean do what you want to do bro. But come on man. Who thinking they probably been together solo. I need that. Yeah. I don't wanna sleep with you all bro. I tired yard. Gimme the whole Put that pole on your back. That's crazy bro. Sleeping, sleeping in another room obviously. Maybe every night. The Rich Report says they made their conscious decision not to live together. Oh yeah, she's getting hooped on for sure. Yeah, Somebody they live in the same building, different apartments but she owns the whole building damn near. Oh she's a gangster on Wall. IDA She's Oprah. Yeah, I love it. Yeah, she put him up. That's What Oprah do to Stab, shout To Jay Moore.


I I ain't mad at that. I moved in with my girl. She wanna put me. Yeah, sit your hey go to the other house. Okay. You pay for it. Why find jumping bro? Sometimes it comes more than just money bro. Not really. Nah, 63 Man. Y'all about to die soon. Nah man. Shout out to Rose Sparks man. It only take 15 minutes to dissolve under your tongue man. If you're Prescribed. Yeah Man. Nigga they 63, they probably can't use Roast. It's It's not age based until you gone Well you just see how that nigga was shaped. He probably, Hey Jay Moore, that V nigga take your ass downstairs.


I feel her. If he came home in that V-neck, I'll see him to the apartment too. Y'all could Really own some for real, for real. Like I know the ain. Come on bro. We here now bro. This is sports related. Nah, this is sports related. If I come home And you tell me to go downstairs, bitch y'all never walk through this door again. Come on. Y'all be real. I don't know. I don't see the problem with it. Y'all tripping bro. He got a cool life. Oh it's amazing. He ain't got Peyton Gun. I Don't know him bro. I don't know how he feel. I'm just talking about me. Obviously he cool but if he got, if he got that company credit card, you chilling. So it's about the chicken, it's about the cheese. Nigga's Cheese. Billionaire 63 bro. At 63. What else is it about bro? Y ain't having no kids.


Y'all just chilling. Y'all having a good time. Damn bro. That's The homie for sure. So what age are you shutting down the roast bar? That Probably Swingers telling Now. See it goes to the next game. No, I meant allegedly Now next. See I'm saying, You know what I'm saying, go to the next game dj. That's crazy. Yeah, shit, I I rather be Jeremy Lamb J Moore, that's why I'm put like that. Yeah because Jeremy Love is 30 nigga. Whatcha y'all doing at 63? Y'all of her 63? He said 60 sick of me. 63. Sick of her for sure. Hey Mike. It's like move on my bad.


Who's scoring big in NBA this season? You are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props money lines, you name it, DraftKings got it all. New customers. Now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus. Best easily take us to the record to DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today. Use Code Club five 20. Yes. That's called Club five 20 for new customers. To get $150 bonus bets for just five bucks. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino. When resort in Kansas 21 and over, agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void and Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio


-pass Has a members only deal for the 24 25 NBA season. They swoosh you save when any player scores 50 or more points in the game during the 24 25 BA regular season dash pass members save 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Shay has 50 point games. So the A VP front murder might get you another soon. Use the promo code NBA 50 today after the 50 point game during the 24 25 NB. A regular season from noon to midnight, get half off of an order when a player goes through four throttle and scores 50 points or more in a single game up to $10. Yes, it's any player in any game, but it's only for dash pass members now remember, sign up for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders.


Plus exclusive perks like this one valid with use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game or eligible orders at participating Merchants must have an active dash pass account terms apply. Don't forget that's Pro Cole NBA 50 valid for dash pass members only from noon to midnight the day after any player scores 50 points or more in a single game Dash pass member say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Sign up for dash pass.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible beverage items like Red Bull and Sparkling Ice. Or breakfast favorites like Kellogg's Pop-Tarts, Kellogg's Frosted Flakes, and Kellogg's Egg O Waffles plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards to save even more restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Don't miss your window of opportunity. Upgrade your space now during blinds dot com's anniversary sale and save up to 50% sitewide blinds.com. Elevate your windows with the number one online retailer of custom window treatments. blinds.com offers hundreds of premium window treatment options. Choose from woven wood and Roman shades to blinds, motorized shades and more. All designed to fit your budget without sacrificing. Quality blinds.com brings the showroom to you. With free virtual consultations and samples delivered directly to your door fast and free. Our design experts can help schedule a professional measure and installation plus guidance for DIYers too. blinds.com has been trusted for 29 years, earning thousands of five star reviews. Shop with confidence knowing you'll get upfront pricing, no hidden fees and blinds dot com's. 100% satisfaction guarantee. But hurry, these savings won't last. Shop Blind Stock Com's anniversary sale happening right now for up to 50% off sitewide. Save up to 50% sitewide@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Hi, I'm Matt. And I'm Leah. And we're from the Grownup Stuff Podcast In just in time for tax season. On this week's episode, we're chatting with CPA Lisa Green Lewis about how small businesses can tackle their taxes using TurboTax business. A Forbes study mentioned that a whopping 93% of small businesses overpay their taxes and 17% of Gen Zers believed that you could write off any expense as a business expense. So can't blame them. It's really important to do your taxes right. Listen to Grownup Stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


Crazy game on Saturday. Man those took care of the Lakers one 11 into 1 0 1. JT had 40 12 and eight went crazy. JB had 31 as well. Luca had 34. LeBron had 22, 14 to nine. Man, listen, we just seen the Knicks hit the L to the Lakers and everybody was thinking about all right, can the Lakers beat on the top teams in the NBA and the Celtics show without pga? Yeah, they still don't want that smoke man. That's just a hell of a team man. Yeah, LeBron got hurt too but I mean they was beating they ass. I would love to see that in the finals. I won't. I don't. I don't. I don't. So that's a, that's a sweep. I would love to see that. That's a sweet, I've been hating on the Lakers all year.


But if they made it to the finals against the Celtics, that'd be fire. The NBA would absolutely love that. They would. We we would be upset. That'd be Be asleep. That is a muddy. Yeah, they gonna get that money. They gonna be happy. But poor Z is healthy but the Celsius mates and beat the sleeves off of Lakers. JB does not fuck with Lucas Lakers. Fans tap in man. They talk about Y guys man saying man get swept, Get sw Lakers. Boy y'all better pray that though. And ain't just y'all shit Celsis whoop. Everybody has bro. You got Peyton pressure and Derrick White getting 40 a piece bro. What do you think? I think, I think the Celtics gonna run it back. To be honest. I don't even think, I think they might, the last shot said they was gonna lose two games.


They might lose four. Total of four this year. I, I want to see 'em win just 'cause JT Man, just the summer man. We gotta keep it rolling JT get the phones MVP. Yeah, Keep the game. The game. They Might lose a total of four this year. Get my boy that MVP hope he go crazy but I was just saying I wouldn't be, wouldn't be mad seeing that matchup though. Nah, it'd be entertaining. Yeah, if they bought fight full strength for sure. Yeah. But yeah, that the way the Celtics playing bro. That that Eastern Conference finals man. Between them and the K is gonna be, that's gonna be great. Basketball for sure. 4 0 4 0 1 4 1 like work my soul entertaining gentleman sweep. Yeah. Ain't much to say man. Celtics is doing what they do.


Best couple games took place last night. Grizzly took care of the Pelicans 1 0 7 to 1 0 4. Crazy ass game yesterday. Ja went crazy with 32 and six D Band. Hooped out with 39 and eight. Trey Murph do was hooping yesterday 27 to five. He caught a crazy oop yesterday. Crazy 360. Yeah that's, well 180 180 Woke up Bunnies. It really wasn't 4 360 but because I fuck with Trey, I'm gonna say 360. Oh the respect. Yeah. That was a crazy ass game yesterday. But yeah, Grizzlys definitely need all the wins they can get right now for sure. 76ers beat the jazz yesterday. 1 26 and 1 22. Shout to Lonnie Walker back in the association. He hooped out yesterday 25 in the legend. Quentin Grimes been killing as well with 25 Keay. George had 25 as well.


T Wolf took care of the Spurs yesterday. Hey man, they been winning with JR Back man. I ain't gonna lie. Quentin Grimes be hooping. Hey he taking advantage, his opportunity for sure. Yeah, he be killing. Yeah He, he treated us like high school. I fuck with it. Yeah he they might need to. They still figuring it out though Bro. They might need to start him bro. Nah, next year he need to be starting too. For sure. What was that? Breaking news. Oh okay. Nevermind. Shout to Timber Wolves. Pistons took care of the Blazers yesterday. One 19 to one 12 K went crazy with 28 5 and four. Tobias Harris hooped out 20 and nine. Anthony Simons balled out yesterday 34 free him as well. And Jeremy Grant 25.


Do they need the freedom next year bro? I don't know. I really can't. I know you've been locked in with the Blazers. Yeah they, they gotta do something for show breaking news from Sha. She said Stephan Curry set a role with Davidson as an assistant gm. So basically he about to bankroll all the players gonna Davidson. Yeah, for sure. James Hart. James Hart's doing the same thing similar at his school at Arizona State. Yeah he said who need, we need hoopers. You need bread. I got that nice little tax write off. Nah but You know it's crazy. NIL ain't gonna be a tax write off no more. It gotta be a gift. No shit. Yeah I was just talking to some people like they changed the rule like that's why you ain't gonna see as much money as being donated no more.


Mm. So Get in where you fit in To really give to the alma mater. Like you gonna see that shit. It ain't gonna be how it was like people giving out $3 million 'cause it was a tax write off. Yeah. So no more Andy Moore commercials. I ain't saying that. I'm saying people still might gonna donate but he said it's gonna slow down a little bit. Yeah it ain't gonna look like a, The wine was in front of Pizza Hut going crazy. I mean they still probably gonna get them. I mean but I don't. Pizza huts crazy. That's what was told to me by some financial guys. For sure. Man. Shout out to Steph man. Hold Davidson down for sure be here. I would love to be the assistant GM at where I went.


Wake Forest Nigga said where I went that boy 63 right now. The real Say I about to say IEPY but then I was like nah they got no Forget me. When you went to college it made a name for yourself. Crazy. IEPY and I am bored. Was I Life changed where I go again? Nah, I was being funny because they don't fuck with me away so I was just You trying to switch schools? Yeah. You at the portal trying. I'm trying. Yeah but I do shout to Mi though and shout That's my dog man. He way Forest alone part minority owner of the Hawks.


Turn him up. That's my dog. He, he good people from Wake Forest though. Shout, shout out to Mitch man. Five buckles be here. Who was getting to it this weekend? Reine Eagle staff North Dakota. Man. What, 51 points in the semi-final conference game. Man Boy was hooping re Sean. Way to go. Crazy boy. Yeah I know you from the trenches bro. For the Dakota State. Equal staff. He he mixed then What's him right Here, mama black daddy. We go That boy. That boy Asian Reshawn. What Your, your daddy. That boy name ain't even haw. Where is it? His name is Tracy.


Name is Tracy. Hey can we get a family picture of him please? His name is Tracy Eagle shot. It is Tracy. We need trace's family. We need to see the lineage for sure. If they got this man family pick up. Yeah He Asian. Oh they came here and remixed his name then? Yeah, they Somebody say thaw though. Say thaw go down. Click that picture to the right. Oh yeah the one over there. You see Reshawn joins? Yeah. Dang. His name is Reshawn. For real.


See they Out of pocket. Told y'all they got even got a Chad GBT name. I know his real name. You fry. Shout to hear 50 pieces man. Hold on. Which one is it bro? It's a black dude. That's oh well shout to whoever had 50 man. We don't know which one it is. I got some names on y'all. That's mother show I'm Rock with Yolk man. Friday 30, 22 and 11. Man never been done before. First 30, 20 20 game NBA history. That shit's crazy. I'm going with jt. Yes sir. On Saturday against the Lakers. One for a 40 piece last but certain not least man, SGA yesterday went crazy with a 40 piece man set up that MVP talk for show.


Alright. B here Get Well Soon. We need some encouragement this morning. I'm go Brooke Lopez. Man. Jerry Allen punched on him Boy Stretch. Hmm. Brooke Lopez is like I'm tired shit Man I was talking about his lineage. You know he was Cuban. Who Cuban? Brooke Lopez. Alright. He got a little Spain in there. That's Crazy. If you get dunked on, you gotta take the ball out. Somebody else do it. Y you take the fucking ball out. Hey listen y'all already no pass. Y'all shoulda had to take the ball out. Brought a lawsuit for sure.


Oh man I go ahead and go straight to it man. A yesterday got very disrespectful. Yeah, give us some of the Jeremy Soran bow. A Carl supper had my boy lost. He so explosive. Man. We got explosive. You bow could have ducked that bitch too. What? All I wanna do is hoop and go play the game Cat. On my mama. That's not what you'd be doing.


My soul. It's a little Bit of proof of so otherwise, but That's my little cousin. We go to the table, We go to the after party. We let and them play the game. Y'all I got, I got DCO Sam? Yeah, Jonathan Isaac. He punched on Jonathan Isaac and his church shoes. Doing it for the Lord. He baptized him. I Pastor, he just need to pastor his head. Laying him down. Somebody clip that.


Photoshop him in the white robe. The communion suit be for the people being religious though. That's crazy. That's you don wrong. I ain't, it's crazy. Fucking put me in a robe. Put my head on that nigga Paul. That's crazy. Yeah, put him in a robe that oh Buddy wore from Playboy. Put him in that robe. Hold his head. Alright. Did you roll on that smoke jacket? We gonna smoke jacket. Oh man. Laughing Sir Robinson. Earl Get Well Soon.


Shake gonna punch on his ass. Yeah, my people from the Purple store, man. They tapped in man. They said his name is say gone. They don't know either. Shout out to the purple brand. Shout my boy V. I know he ain't wear purple. They lying. Shake. So ain't gonna hang out no purple cheese. Nah, you get fresh. Okay. Respect. Hey. Mm. Like hurry, gimme a fucking ball. Damn. Get Well Soon. All B Head people trying to wear some bread but you got for em. Pure money lines today. I got the Lakers beating the nets. The Hawks beating the Sixers. The Celtics beating the jazz. I'm taking the Wizards over the raptors.


Mm. The heat over the Hornets, the bulls over the pastries, the nuggets over the thunder phoenix over the Grizzlies. $200 wins you a grand total of $40,000 today. Say it one more time again. $200 wins you a grand total of $40,000. Pure money lines. Pure money lines back. 40 K start the week off, right? Yes. Shout out to draft kicks man. The crowd is always yours, never hers man. You are a fry. Use that promo code Club five 21st something music to get you a little bonus. Listen, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back tomorrow morning five 20 in the Morning.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible beverage items like Red Bull and Sparkling Ice, or breakfast favorites like Kellogg's Pop-Tarts, Kellogg's Frosted Flakes, and Kellogg's Egg waffles plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't want to miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with the yoga PC from Lenovo. Your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced Yoga PCs from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet, yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create because at Lenovo we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you at every step of your creative journey. So check out Lenovo dot com slash yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga. Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.