
You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring, Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need, this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm ready to fight. Oh, this is fighting worse. Okay, I put the hammer back.


Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. Part Of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, You know, we Are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Thursday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. J Packed house. This morning we got Bishop. Yo Nacho Mook. Good morning fellas. How y'all doing? What's up? What's good bro? Chilling bro. Come on man. We had some more crazy playing basketball. Shout to everybody who pulled up on playback. Well excuse me, playback with us last night for the crazy heat Bulls game. It was a belt to add situation. But before we get to that man, we gotta wrote a clip man. Is social media going too far? Man, shout out to Swaggy p. Damn man. He called my boy a mechanic bro. I got Nick Young though. Oh most definitely.


I Got, he probably need a month to get back in shape. But Nick Young 1 0 1 special talent for sure. And he's 6 6, 6 7. Yeah, he he's shooting over Pat for sure. Yeah I got Nick. That's funny as hell though. Call that nigga a mechanic bro. That is some of the funniest shit I done heard in a Long time. Telling somebody they can't play defense on offense is crazy That the end of that video he start going crazy bro, that shit was funny. This is what I wanted. Just create new avenues, basketball content. We appreciate all of it. Oh man. Let's talk about what happened yesterday man. Play in was crazy. We can go ahead and talk about the Kings too man. Just dismissing they GM fresh after the loss. We'll get to that game but obviously that was the play Belt to ass bro.


Everybody got they ass beat last Night man. I told y'all I was about the heat. I don't know why the fuck y'all had Faith in the Bulls. I thought They put up a fight at least bro. Oh bro. I told y'all they got pulled. I had the heat playback. That shit was trash. Yeah, got wicked. Yeah we left playback closer to the third man. It was a belt to ass man. We did the best we could man. Shout to y'all pulled up with us. We made it work 'cause that game was Terry bla. But let's go ahead and get to it man. The heat eliminate the Bulls yesterday. 1 0 9 to 90 belt to ass situation for sure Advance to play the Hawks in the final playoff spot. Man Tallah Hero y Fred Whiter went crazy with 38 and five. Wig cooped out as well with 20 and nine. Bam had 15 to 12. Josh Giddy not for lack of trying 'cause he was shooting the hell out the basketball yesterday.


He had 25 and 10 and Kobe white man let us down first team of all five 20. He went five for 20 for the field yesterday. Man with 17 points. He went out like you supposed to five 20. Come on man. You know the vibes man. Shoot the ball anyway brother. Man Tyler Hero looked like the best player on the floor yesterday by far. Yeah He was walking past them bro. Yeah bro. The get of the game. I said look y'all look, it's already happening bro. Yeah they're not playing no dude. They they selling already bro. Yeah, Yeah he start off the game eight for eight. You know what time it is bro. Fix was in man The Fix was in. That's what it looked like, bro. Yeah Bro. Him walk like literally that's no exaggeration. He was walking to the lane bro Walking bro. I said yeah the Bulls ready to go to Cancun.


I never, I feeling him though. I've been there before. What are we about to win? What are We about to win for bro now I gotta go to work for extra two weeks for no reason. Yeah, I'm about to go play the calves and get swept bro. I ain't about do That. Yeah, let me start my summer. Alright, So let's start with it playing last one. Your Hawks the heat. Who getting the dub? They playing in Atlanta. Trey goes up at the crib. Okay I'm gonna take the Hawks man going With the Hawks. Definitely. Definitely the heat bro. You bro With the heat movement. Definitely the heat Tre Young wants to lose too bro. You see what he did last game bro? Nah, he Gets fed up. Nah, he was mad. He was Mad. He's still mad. He gonna be mad again this game.


So over under Tray Young Tech in the first half? Nah, IMAS gonna take his overs now. Okay. He won. He gonna get his numbers all but they ain't gonna win. No it's Talking about a tech. Oh a tech. Yeah he might get another tech If he didn't take the first half. He's scratch it out. Yeah He might get another tech. That's Why the play in his BS though. I told y'all. Yeah Shouldn't we shouldn't be watching this right now. Miami Heat. It was Tim, We shouldn't even be watching this right Now. Niggas worked so hard to make it to the playoffs. Ain't no playoff lose, don't get paid extra for making the playoffs. Yeah, that's cheating bro. I gotta Lose to Seed bro. This is crazy. But the real life though, the playoffs is kind of tricky though. Like you, the playoffs is really just for the love of the game because people, you get paid by the game.


Okay. And them extra games is not on your paycheck. Right. And if you making 40 million a year, 50 million a year, you really losing, You know what I mean? Because you only getting, I see what You're saying. If you win the whole thing, you take home like three, 300 or something like that. Yeah but you play but you gotta win 16 games. Yeah. Yeah. And let's save your series. Go seven. You liable to play however many more games. True. I never thought about it like that. You didn't get paid for 'em. So you get a bonus if you get past the first round. Does it start to like semi me conference and I mean they go up so the higher you'll seed is and so the Cavaliers winning it all the way through or whoever.


Okay C the number one overall they'll make a lot more money than if the temp seed made it all the way to the championship. Mm gotcha. It's the higher your seed. Gotcha. See that's education for y'all man. Yeah. Damn I did not know that. I just thought they had playoff bonuses. I didn't know it was baseball record too. That makes sense. Yeah you get playoff bonuses, I mean everybody get a bonus but the higher your seed is in the playoffs. Damn. Well. Well that's how it used to be. Shit. I don't know Now with this play, I know it probably probably is If we're not being too intrusive. What was it like when you got that, that first season conference? The when I got from Atlanta? Yeah it was like one something. I think I had bought a car out the gate or a house.


Oh I bought a rental property actually. Oh damn. That was responsible. Yeah you get an extra a hundred K. What you want? I'll give it to Mike so he can buy me a house. Give it to your artist. Yeah, Give. That's the least I can do for you. I bought a yo, I bought that rental property. Damn that's fire. But yeah man. What do, what does the Bulls have to do? We talked about Kobe White, we talking about Josh Giddy obviously it's quiet for them. What do they need to do to rebuild going forward? Jeff was not fucking with Josh Giddy last night. Josh Giddy was on goal yesterday. Yeah, I don't like his game. Somebody gotta shoot the ball though. I had that, You know he was getting smacked. Somebody gotta get some Shots up bro.


Yeah, I mean I get what he was doing but the way he play Yeah looks funny. He gets stats. Ain't the best looking. I don't like, I don't like the way, He just look crazy. He don't look the best but he's effective. He gets stats and respectfully. I'm looking at this roster right now. Yeah. Can't nobody tell me I can't shoot on this team. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. But him playing point just don't look good to me. Like he should be like a secondary ball handler. Yeah. Like you could, he can't shoot good enough to be the secondary ball handler. But I don't like him bringing it up every time. It just, Nah, nah I don't either. But on this team he got to like, especially the way if Kobe White played like that, I got to bro five for 20. He need to learn how to be like Joe Les Joe Ingles could shoot really good but like You know how he was like that secondary ball handler.


Yeah. Or he do Turo. That's who he needed to try to Yeah make his Game. I mean we know he not the gonna be the guy On no team. Nah but he had the ball enough like he was the guy. I'm like because Nobody who, who else was going to do it? I don't. They have nobody else. They need to tray for somebody. That Shit, that ain't the recipe right there. They have Nobody else bro. Yeah, this roster definitely is gonna look different next year. Young right there. He got some promise the rookie hooping out. But my thing is where do they need to draft? Just best player available. Yeah. Okay. Start there. They gotta Start Somewhere. They gotta gotta find somebody. Hopefully they get a top five pick or something. 'cause shit, This ain't gonna work. I hate the Bulls. Where's the Bulls? I swear I watch them out lie I hate them.


Where's the Bulls project? Oh yeah it is gonna be a little bit higher than that. It Better be 13. They better find a gym boy. Yeah boy they better, they better get in their top 10 for show. They need that. They need a Dylan Harper and Jeremiah fears Bailey bad. They need Jeremiah fears or something bro. What you gonna do with Kobe white trade? It's time to go bro. You been doing this for a long Time. You've been tricking us for a while now. Oh For real bro. He keeps Not go to a STA though. We tired of this end of the season run Bro. Now I'm not gonna let you do that bro. Average 20 bro. I mean you average 20 but it's the same thing bro. You Trick us every time. Respect your 20.


You could go play somewhere else but you. Nah, he said respect you. He'd be a quality player on another team. He'd be helping six man somewhere. He'll be A great backhoe. Point guard bro. That great, great One. Let's go Look at STAs over the years man. But he do this every year. The Bulls be so awful. He go on this run, Get 20 and they know he doing it. They don't even care. They still, they like man this is what he do. Shout out to Kobe white man. Nah, shout out for my boy. Yeah, he had a hell of a year bro. It is just like he's a good Player. But No, I would love to see him on like mm. I can't even see who I'd like to see him on somewhere else though. For sure. Like I would've liked him on the heat. I can Roll with that.


Yeah, right now for sure I can roll with that. What's his name played good yesterday too. Dave Mitchell. Mitchell? Yeah he was hooing. He shout out to Lockup. What's his name? Night off, off night. Oh off night. Off night. Hey shout him out. He played great yesterday for sure. Yeah he was hooping that nigga said fuck y'all my fault brother. You come off the bench now though. Like I said, facts, that's his role. Well also Terry Rose, You know what I'm saying? Started having to fight some allegations so the men increase for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Give us some t Rowe the heat. What they gonna do? Man Lose. They gonna lose. They gonna beat the Hawks and then they gonna get beat up on. Okay. They ain't gonna beat the Hawks Man. We a good home team. They play well in front of that beautiful crowd at State Farm Arena.


I just don't know bro. Tyler Hero and bam might be just too much nasty. And then wig too. I'm just quiet. Ducking Robinson showed up last night. It's quiet Bro. Duncan Robinson be shooting the shit out the ball bro. Say dunk Robinson. Yeah, He bought 20. The heat going win for sure. Okay, Without Jalen Johnson it's over bro. Yeah, Yell Chad. Listen to that. You said don't take we win. Don't say I ain't tell y'all Tre Young gotta get 60. I'm saying 15. Why he gonna get 28? Trey Young Bryce Young Bryce Young 28 and 15. Vince Young.


He about 20 Shout To crazy OC. Yesterday's other playing game we were all wrong about. I like that one. Yeah, the bright young bitch, youngest part. No that was, that was Goal. The mass beat the sleeves off of Kings yesterday. One 20 to 1 0 6 AD with crazy with 27 to nine. Clay heard us talking as well. He had 23 facts. Rose had 33, VIN had 20 and nine immediately after the game. The Kings fired their gm. He was like go you got fired after the they said fuck this shit.


They said we don't want another second. We are The NBA is in shambles y'all, y'all gotta keep it real now you shit not getting outta hand now y'all. Who they about to hide outta? He getting outta hand. I think my boy made that fire. What's his name? Lamb. Oh Jeremy Lamb? Yeah, Jeremy Lamb fire the real gm. Jeremy, Jeremy Lamb fire him. Hey if they had Jeremy Lamb gm, he's a go. Yeah. Hey bro, they gotta chill out bro. We gotta wait till the morning to fire. Nah Bro, Adam. Shit we gotta get some water Man. Did y'all see DeMar de Rosen? He said look, I done played 60 years since NBA. He said this is by far the most dysfunctional shit I've ever did with for Real bro.


After the game is insane bro. Come on Man. They gotta get dammar. You gotta get out there boy bro. You gotta go bro. Yeah please free DeMar the Rosen bro. Yeah you might need to go to Miami. Shit I'm sending everybody to Miami. Shout out ad my boy was having fun last night man. Hey Ad was popping his shit yesterday. He had A ball last go To the Lakers. DeMar Facts. He said Nah I don't nevermind ain't enough basketballs bro. Nah you can go chill now bro. Just at 33 he need to chill. No I'm saying he don't need to chill but for your mental Go relax. Go Relax Bro. Go be celebrated. Yeah Bro. Go help the Lakers get over the hump bro. I'm something bro.


Because you having to deal with this in year 16. Crazy. Yeah, this is Insane bro. Yeah bro. They recruited you here thinking they had a chance to make play and they trade your franchise halfway between year, man. Mm. So that's why that had to go. They said this what you got back the year of Fox? Yeah we gonna do some of those big dogs. You got Zach Levine back? Yeah, but we didn't get that. The podcast. Oh be That's crazy. The fact that he wasn't in that trade is mine Insane On bro. Bro. I don't know what's worse That or the fact that also Res wasn't in that Luca trade. The Castle trade bro. The Castle because that Shoulda have happened. Yeah, right. Austin Reeves looking like the, the best motherfucking two guard to league right now. Shit. Yeah I I can't believe Dallas didn't get Austin Reeves for Luca though.


Yeah, both of those is crazy that that's wild. Matter of fact, Nico used suck because now you didn't get Austin Bro. It came out today though. That Nico, the owner did all That. Yeah, I know he did. It came out today bro. Nico would be getting cussed Out Nico for no reason. He did Shit bro. I would've quit my fault Nico because I would, he ain't did a damn, I would've quit if I was you Nico. The moment he told me Trey Luca and He gotta sit through every game and hear that shit bro. So who did the owner Bro? I knew. You know it's crazy. We all knew damn well the owner, he couldn't do that By chilling bro. Listening to This shit. That's fucked up bro. I would've quit. Yeah, you ain't my nigga bro. That's messed up bro. He said I'm not, I'm your boss and he gonna take this lick Bro. I would've quit.


He probably gave me some some more cheese though. He had to bro probably getting some more chance. He Was like Nico, They threatening his life. He Like Nico you gonna go through the worst shit you ever been through for his extra 5 million? Yes, He probably said this. Cool. Come on. Fuck. Fuck it. I been through. Worst to My image Bro. I've been through worst. Hey when Nico Lee, that job, his podcast appears gonna be illegal. Oh my god. He got some shit to say bro. I pray to Lord pull up to five 20 bro. Yes my God. Because we gonna ask you real questions. Don't go to anybody. No, no I would say Nico, tell me why that man did you like that? I don't give a fuck if you used to hoop in high school Straight, what the fuck would you, I was say why did you let that man tell your tray Luca Don and not get Austin Riggs back?


He gonna be like, well he said he ain't give a damn who he got back. He won't gone. Yeah. Start snitching bro. Yeah, free yourself. I just couldn't imagine going to work and everybody said boo Into the office in The warehouse bro You ain't the one really responsible for Outside on the steps. My son saying party, He ain't threatening his life. He like, bro I didn't even have no control of this bro. I was hilarious. But the thing that made it worse, he started, they said, he started saying stuff like he wasn't in shade and I okay. I have been like no I didn't say That unless, yeah right. Unless I really saying it. I said yeah that's, Hey bro. I be like no the man up the owner said that. Yeah, Pull Up. You can't say that I Fire out.


Fire me bro. Pull Boo For the of your life. You never get another, you never gonna get when you pull up to the abortion like no, hey man, no man. What? What is he doing man? Hey man, what the fuck? What is he doing bro? Moving on. I dunno why Looking at me, what is he doing? Shout to the Kings. Oh my God. Light the be next year. Jesus Christ. But yeah man, they GM got fired because he decided to see the Chicago Bulls of last year. Said yeah, that's a good idea.


It got both of 'em players and then Trade Deer at Fox. So get well soon than him. Who going, who that coach gonna be because I don't know Doug, Chrissy gonna keep that job or not. I don't know. They might keep Doug man, they, he just in a bad spot. He probably, he did a good job with this group the best he could. Yeah, they started off good for a second. I mean he did the best he could bro. They, they, yeah they ended the season will bro. They did bro. I mean they lost to a better team. It is what it is. Yeah, most definitely. Now listen, last off season, we talked about Clay. We could have went to the Lakers but unfortunately he made a decision that it didn't turn out too good. Should he try to get up out of there or should he just, You know what I'm saying? Hold put. 'cause Hold put because it's about to get greater as soon as Kyrie get right bro. Yeah, they gonna have a nice team but Kyrie ain't gonna be back for a minute though.


Yeah, but just hold, He probably gonna miss the whole year man. You think so? Is it, it ain't payday time for Kyrie is it? I I think he, it was talking about him getting Extension. Yeah, he probably gonna set out the whole year though. Oh yeah. Then I, I'm Red shirt next year. Yeah, Clay played well last night too. Played Really well last night. Yeah, we had the conversation yesterday. I said Clay ain't that far from D Wade and he tried to tell me I was out of pocket. Yeah, I don't know about that one. We be slandering D Wade a little bit too much. I Ain't slandering him. He, He, He top Three better than Clay bro. No I'm, I mean I get what you're saying. I don't think it's that close either. Do you feel like well we, it is a pie episode too but do you feel like he's at least top 10 shooting guards all time?


Yeah. Okay. He crack the top 10 but D Wade is silly bro. Yeah. Historic firefighter. I give James hard better than him but I ain't nothing after that. I ain't rolling. Nah we ain't saying you better not. No exactly Mo bro. It is bro. Closer to than y'all think bro. We did the stack yesterday bro. In comparison for sure. Nah. Oh. So he's unrestricted after next year in 2026, Kyrie can dip out. So Thompson has never been a first option ever. He ain't have to be But he, so I can't even Yeah you ain't even have to carry that flag Bro. Yeah It is different bro. And Clay is Cole. I love Clay bro. He's me too But I ain't, this ain't no, this ain't no shade. You went from the second to the third option.


This ain't no shade. D Wade, he had a hell of a finals run. That's enough right there. He Played with Shaq. Shaq he played with all them good bets. 15. I'm saying he killed that finals run, that's for sure no hate. But after that the heat was ass. Nah, that's a fact. When he was running the team, that's a fact. The Heat was ass and I You average 26 And I got a chip out of this so seven I'm already stamped. Whatever I did after that don't matter bro. I got, I got how mean Clay got Chips though but he was a second option it and the third option. Yeah because K was there. Yeah It is different bro. Somebody came to your team and made you the third option. I could never compare Clay Thompson Dw, I mean I mean KD would've made D Wade the third option.


That's a fact. Probably second what we talking what Brian and KD would've been. I mean that would've never happened though. Brian and kd. Yeah D Wade at that time D Wade was gonna be a first or second option. Nothing lower. He was never gonna be a third Option. KD came. Yeah he would've because The type, the caliber of player he was, it wasn't gonna allow no team like that to happen. Alright, Look Clay Thompson 19 D Wade 22. It it is Michael Jordan, Kobe d Wade bro. Oh D Wade, his end of his career messed up some of his status. That's what I'm that's what I'm saying. Saying that's What's going on with Clay right now. Clay got hurt at the prime of his life. Like he was playing the best basketball in his life. He tours ACL and popped his Achilles. True like at 31 30 whatever age he was.


Think he only, nah Clay is damn good bro. He Josh Clay on that heat team in 2006. They lose by they get swept. Oh yeah they two, they two different players because Dway really a point guard. Yeah Dway was a point guard. That's what people keep feeling out. I just put him at the two 'cause people say he a two guard but he played the point. I mean He had the ball in his hand. He came off picking row. That's what he Did. I mean that's like James Harden. He a point guard. Yeah he A point guard. They just labeled him as a two guard. But D Wade was a point guard. Clay Thompson is a pure two guard. I come off pin downs. Yeah I shoot threes. I Would compare Clay to Ray Allen before I would D Wade bro. Yeah but or Gie Miller because D Wade really is a point guard Bro. Nah he is. That's a fact. We just put him in a two guard category.


I don't know why they started doing that but they, because Mario Chalmers was they point guard. Yeah But he ain't even Play Point. Mario stood in the corner and shot three. Yeah but when you look on a paper that's what it says. Yeah. Started that. Yeah but But they was ball dominant. They had the ball majority of time. Yeah. Clay Thompson ain't never had a ball like that. Same shit with Al. Nah that's a fact. Right. Al was the two guard, particularly a point guard even though Eric was on the roster. No Disrespected Clay at all. 'cause he's cold. Like he's But I ain't rolling with that one For sure. I mean I would say D Wade, I ain't, well we going, we gotta scratch D Wade as a two girl. We gonna say he a hybrid. Him and James, James HARs are hybrids. Okay. Because they don't play the two traditionally. Okay. Traditional tools is like niggas that come off pin downs, ISOs and like that. They came off ball screens.


Yeah making plays had the ball in the hand the whole game. So D Wade is outta two guard conversations. So That changed a lot of shit then? Yeah. Oh. If we doing that Two great. For sure. Please tap into the episode. Dropping at 12 today man. Hell of a conversation for that debate for sure. Wanna talk about the MAs that have enough to get the Gs up outta here? Nah, nah Not enough. Okay. It's quiet. Oh now fuck that Clay about to go crazy. I got the math man if he Do go crazy. Yeah ad played good. They look good last night I got the math man But if, I don't know if they can sustain that but they look good last night. I ain't gonna hold you next year when they all healthy. That front line of gaffer ad and lively is gonna be dangerous. That's tough. They are. They are big. But the thing is that's nice that little guard be killing for them after G League.


Is he gonna do that? For real? I mean yeah Opportunity. He played really good last night. I like PJ Washington too so yeah. Hoop. Yeah I rock with PJ Washington for sure. They got a solid roster. Like you said if Kyrie was so Navy, the conversation I got the baths bro. I ain't gonna hold y. Okay, you locked in now? Yeah because I got Clay. Clay gotta play well though. He is. I just hate he got hurt man. Yeah. Nah. How old is Clay? Gotta be 34, 35? Hell nah. Yeah 35. 35 I think. Clay O eight. Yeah Clay 35 Now you talking about ruining his stats this season definitely ruined Clay stats. Oh man. Murdered. We have seen him do some crazy unbelievable Stuff. Come on bro. I seen that get 60 on us and no dribbles bro. I Seen him get 40 and a quarter so Historic NBA shit for sure.


I I love Clay game a hundred percent For sure. Alright man, we'll see man. You going grizzly still? Yeah, I'm grizzly all day. Shout out to Desmond Baines game P Bain for sure. I nigga has 60 and old dribbles bro. That's fire. I'm a better two guard bro. 60 P dib move bitch Thompson. I A two guard. If he would've kept doing that though, like if he never got hurt it might be a different conversation bro. Nah, I speak hot Clay bro Have too. He don't get hurt to have another championship. That's a fact 'cause that beat the Raptors. Yeah. Alright man let's get to it man. Play off preview. Going down this weekend. Let's start it off with the first game Saturday five four up. Live in Nat Bucks Pacers. Who y'all got game one Pacers bro.


I'm gonna take game one. I'm gonna take the Bucks. I think G's gonna go crazy game one. Okay, game two. I'm gonna tell you how Go Game One Bucks. Game two Pacers Game three Pacers game four Bucks Game five Pacers. Then Pacers gonna win game six. Paceon better not lose game one bro. They gonna get him some hope. Gianni's gonna come out there and start acting. Yeah. Crazy bro. I ain't gonna lie. Game one is definitely necessary. We have not hosted around in a very long time. Been married a decade. We gotta get this win at the crib. We been very good at the crib so Ain't gonna lie they lose game one. They probably gonna lose the whole series bro. They better win that game. Yeah we got at the crib bro. That's deflating bro. Yeah we're not the best road team and we, we thrive at home. We gotta get this done for sure.


I'm telling y'all I'm I got the, I got the Pacers win in game six. Okay Mo, who you got win this series? I like the Pacers. Okay. But if Dame make a surprise appearance, I got bucks and five six and that's why I hope we really just go ahead and handle business these first two games that they created. 'cause if they start off down oh two dam ain't gonna come back. Yeah, yeah. Now if it's a Tide series or it, it is looking promising. I ain't got time for that undertaker Damien little shit man. Stay where you are bro. Rest that's gonna hurt. Go back to next year. I don't got time for that bro. That's gonna hurt everybody's feelings when he walk out that tunnel. Yeah that's gonna piss me off. I seen him working out Uhoh. Yeah get on yoga bro. So Dame has the the chance to come back. Wow.


He ain't gonna start soon. He has a chance. I don't, he probably won't play before they go back to Milwaukee. I'd be very surprised if he's placed in the next week. Okay. So Yeah, hopefully not. But Patriot's a six. Hopefully Not. Yeah you well soon. Dame brushed up. This ain't worth your time brother. Get ready to go to Miami. Oh so you got the heat winning? Hmm? You got the heat winning the game? No I'm saying dang to go ahead. It's a leave Milwaukee, You know rest up you good. So you Oh I thought you were saying like Miami gonna beat the cabs and they gonna end up playing in Miami and cigarette. Oh. Under no circumstances where that happened. That's what I thought you was trying put to get. No not even the finest that pack come back me believe that. But I'm going patience to six in this situation man. I think game one's gonna be crazy for sure but I think Giannis is gonna dominate.


It's gonna be probably a 30 point triple double average of the series. He's gonna win. Oh y'all gonna double Giannis. Y'all don't really double that much. I don't think we should. Nah. 'cause if he get them shooters rolling Yeah that's gonna kick our ass. Yeah that's gonna make, Giannis is gonna get 40 anyway and just Let him get It. We don't have nobody who can really guard him. Pascal does decent Moss Hunter does now don't do the bad job on him but nah don't double bro. But Nobody can guard him so it doesn't matter. Let him get his 40. Yes. Don't let him get everybody else going. It's when Gary Trent his six threes. Yeah And then AJ goes crazy Role players. We don't have time for him to get hot. Okay. Yeah for sure. The other four or five match up Clippers nuggets. We got the best duo in this series.


Hard and ua. Yo cha Murray. I don't got no gauge on this. I got C game one Go first. Okay, I like that. I don't know what Jamal, we getting Facts. Oh nah I think we gonna get the real deal. We gotta make sure we getting James Harden like the one we need. Yeah. Little people. The curse. I believe in James. I believe in him too but You know sometimes the playoffs he disappear a little bit at times. That is a fact. We don't need that. Right. He got his dog back so I Man Hey go up to that question 'cause I can't wait to tell them because I wanna, I wanna let 'em know how Miami got the number one two pick.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points of favorite player would score you rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus bets instantly. Take us to the Rack with Draftking Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino when resorting Kansas 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step. Not tear anything down. Today the Warriors dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


We ready to fight? I'm ready to fight. And you ready to fight? Is that, is that what I thought it? Oh this is fighting worse. Okay, I put the hammer back. Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. And that's what we are doing on fighting words. We're not gonna let anyone silence us. That's The reason why they're banning books like yours, George. That's the reason why they're trying to stop the teaching of black history, of queer history. Any history that challenges the whitewashed norm Or put us in a box. Black people have never ever depended on the so-called mainstream to support us. That's why we are great. We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Okay, let's go ahead to the super chat. Jamal, go back and watch the oh six finals every other year for the next few. They were Eastern conference finals versus Detroit at least plus goat shot blocking guard. He just made that up. How did he get the number two pick to get Mike Beasley? Yeah, they weren't in the conference finals until LeBron. They was fucking ass trash D was hurt. That's why he almost missed the Olympic team and stuff like that. Yeah, he did have another year where he was bawling but they was ass. They was they was trash liar. Fucking horrible. Yeah, but he is one of the best shot blocking two guards of all time. Fact that that's a, that's a fake one. Probably the best blocking guard. But yeah, shout out to Jamal for that question. Well at least the man under him corrected him. Neil 2 2 4 D. Wade had injury issues too. That's why he sucked after for Chip.


That is a fact. That's true. Shout to D Wade Man. One of the best two guards to ever do it. I think this series is gonna be crazy though. Like you said, we got a lot of good players in the series. I don't know how we de probably need in game one. If I'm jumping down a limb, I'm gonna go nuggets just off the respect. But I think we should preserve to, You know what I'm saying? See this 'cause it's gonna be crazy. But what do the Clippers gotta do to beat the nuggets? Stop Yogi. That ain't gonna happen. I was gonna say boy they got, Leonard gonna have to play amazing. He gonna have to Bew Leonard. Kaw Jordan, I think Norman Powell and them gonna have to, he gonna have to play well. Okay. That's a X factor and peasy. Yeah he gonna have to play well and then Zoo gonna have to, he gonna have to put up some type of fight bro on Yoic some type of fight.


I think they should double Yoic give him different looks. But they gotta like Christian bro gotta be gotta beat me. Yeah. Facts. He gonna have show me to beat me. I know he can get to the basket. I know he one of the best scorers in transition he got, I think he lead the league and points some fast breaks or whatever, something like that. But he gonna have to show me he going to hit four or five threes this year. Westbrook gonna have to show me. He gonna make some threes. Facts. Yeah. Actually no team that y'all gonna have to beat me bro. Yeah, y'all gonna have show Aren. Gordon gonna have to hit some threes bro. Gotta show. I gotta beat me. That's what I was about to say more. I think Eric Gordon's gonna have to be in that dunker spot. Like you said if they gonna double he gotta really dominate that dunker spot or knock down shots. Yeah we gonna clog that paint Westbrook Gordon.


Only one we closing in our heart on it. NPJ and Jamal Murray. And Jamal Murray. Yeah. Mm. You know what's crazy Chris LeBron so far to start his N NBA career. Got a solid one to go get a a chip in college and then go get a chip in the league. He having a great man. He killed any average like 16, 17 shit. He playing good. Yeah, having a hell of a year. I'm just saying. And he ain't shooting bad from the three But I'd rather you than Jamal Murray. It's Gonna have to be you. You gonna have to show me because They let Jamal Murray get hot, they gonna be in trouble bro because You know he if he get hot he get real hot. Yeah For sure. Alright Bishop. You know what I'm saying? You been rock with the Clippers all year. What they gotta do to get this dub man? Oh man. Feed Zoo. Okay. Feed my boy Zoo man Zoo make Yo play some Defense Zoo you've been killing all year.


Keep it going nasty. Make yes make Yogis guard up bro. Straight up and I think this is gonna be the best series out of the first round. Okay. I got this one being the best one. I think the Clippers gotta play fast and they gotta keep, I mean it's a tough place to play playing in Denver. They got a disadvantage 'cause of the Can't breathe and all that the Tube baby. But if they keep Yogi in constant picker roll instead of playing isolation basketball. Yeah if they keep him picking rolls in Big Zoo, You know being in that dunker spot rolling getting LOBs or they beating they man off the dribble and lobbing up the zoo. 'cause Yoic not athletic at all.


He got good hands or whatever but they keep him on the move defensively. I think it'll wear him out a little bit offensive. Yeah, I like that strategy for sure. Yeah we will reserve our judgments after game one for sure. It is gonna be a good series though. Moving on to Pistons and Nicks six verse three match up. Do the Pistons have a chance? I feel like they got a chance bro. I feel like K Cunningham, he got a chance to have a moment right here. Okay. The Knicks should win but they better be careful bro. That's a feisty team bro. They well coached and they got a super, somebody that could be potentially a superstar bro. K cuon, Most definitely all NBA for sure. I'm gonna go out on a limb and say he is a superstar.


Okay. Yeah there's nothing that he can't do on the floor. Yep. And he's six seven. Six six. Yeah he be dragging boys. Yeah. Match up nightmare. Yeah. Even if they don't win, if he come out on average 30. Yeah we gonna, he's Stamped Yeah be eating my bread bro. Yeah. Nixon five. Nixon five? Yes. Do The piston f You think they ain better intimidated by Nicks at all? Because I don't feel like they, they don't look like That. They not that type of team bro. They got A bunch of, they got some crash outs. They don't get scared. One thing about Dennis Schroder, he gonna compete. Yeah. Isaiah Stewart gonna compete. Isaiah Stewart gonna compete. You heard The track. Even the young dude, he gonna compete. Isaiah Thompson. Yeah Thompson Twin gonna compete. I like him. The other one they like to fight too.


Oh. Holland here. He gonna compete. They all Gonna Compete bro. Marcus saa. Yeah to Harris is gonna compete. Yeah, Well I don't care. Y'all acting like Bill Compete. Yeah Mix up now The Knicks should. If they don't it's gonna be trouble in New York. But I'm just saying Besley gonna have to really make some shots of serious. We gotta see if that's real or this is just a, You know a good year Tim Hardaway probably gonna need to hit some shots. Yeah, the lights is on now. Yeah. Oh the lights are definitely on. So let's see if you still shoot that basketball with them lights on like that. And I ain't gonna hold you man. Shout out out to the Knicks but boy they got a expensive 51 win team. That's What I'm saying bro. They gotta Some expectations. They really gotta Beat the Piston's ass bro. Like we don't want no dog fight. Yeah y'all supposed to scrape them.


Mm We will see for sure man. Moving on T Wolves Lakers, the other three is six matchup people got the Tws beating the Lakers. I Don't Do they? Yes, a lot of people do. I Jeff Right. People do. I ain't gonna lie, I kind of fuck with the T Wolves 'cause I know they don't give a damn Ant don't care. Daniels don't care. Alexander don't care. The X factor is gonna be Randall can. Randall can Randall kill. Yep. Because they don't got no bigs. Really. I'm Gonna say who going to guard him? LeBron. He the most important part. Brian probably is going guard LeBron don't guard him but if they can keep Luca on ball screens They going, they gonna attack Luca for sure.


Yeah they got to. They Have to. They got to, I mean every team they play gonna attack Luca so The only thing is they gonna cut put Rudy go bear in so many fucking ball screens And You know Luca loved That match. Oh man he loves it. So yeah I was gonna say is this where Nas really gonna have to play heavy minutes? Yes. Yeah, yeah of course. Nah really gonna have to play but I don't think they got enough to stop Luca. Yeah It might be a long series So if Austin Reeves playing outta his body, it is Christmas bro. But damn an is a a Monster bro. He is. He gonna kill but it's gonna be long. To me the most important part, most important person in this series is Julius Randall.


Yeah. If he played midi they fuck around and get swept. I was just gonna ask y'all that. Alright, prediction of this series. Y'all need to see game one. I'm going with the Lakers. I like the Lakers. Okay. Lakers and six Lakers and six. I'm gonna go Lakers in five. I I I could see this being quick work man. I think they, they motivated right now. Super Chat Master Sensei asked, I'm convinced Jeff La Clay scored 60 in three quarters just to put him over D Wade because there's no way you put Harden and Clay over D Wade. I'm convinced everyone but your brother is just yes men for letting you say that. First of all, all them niggas said no that I never put Clay over D Wade you dickhead. But Yeah I was feeling to get on your ass but Now you never got deleted.


Yeah Masteron like fuck you because nigga I ain't put him over Dway. I just said it wasn't far of a gap like D Wade number three I just ain't Clay number six fucker. But appreciate that Dub though scrub up and they never said, they all said nigga you're tripping ho ass nigga. But It it is coming out on the show. Yeah it is. It's okay bro. He About the album I'm Fuck that we Moment we just Torch this nigga who Is picture of where's his profile. Yeah your ass. Yeah Pull up his ig. Yeah We sick of this nigga you about to get your choice worth. He thought we was gonna be corporate. This must be your first day in the chat. Yeah.


Yeah You talking about yesterday Niggas like you encouraging me to stream more. I need that one on one time. Facts bro. Call him to the stage. Him to the stage. Me. Yeah boy the fuck outta here. Fuck wrong. Crazy Toro Johnson into your ass sneak on Toe Boogie 'cause it's easy to average 25 on the bad team if you had the green light 'cause said it is nonsense. The focus is only on you. How y'all feel about that? Yeah I mean I think Boogie was gonna get his numbers anywhere. Yeah it is not easy to average 25 in the NBA. It is not easy but it's, it's easier. I Get what Nick Young was saying though. Yeah like we coming to play y nobody really cared bro. We didn't hear anything you out here killing.


We don't care Bro. I swear to God on my soul we ain't do Scout report when we played the Wizards. Yeah like Brad Bill go get his 25. When when John was left The Wizards and it was just Brad. Yeah Y'all just wanted to go hoop. Yeah. Yeah I can see what both of 'em saying 'cause it's not easy to average 25 but It is not easy at all. But we did not give a damn get Sleep on y'all That night. The opportunity is probably there. It's not easy Fe by no means you get to shoot 20 times. Look at Quentin grms. Yeah Facts. Najee Marshall baby facts. Nobody doing no scout report on the six ERs. Quentin Grime's gonna shoot 20 times. All right let's get out, let's get this one. Get outta here. Yeah We gonna win by 22. Yeah. Yeah bro. And just ice the side big and roll.


They ain't trapping you. No they don't give a fuck about that shit. Killer for sure. Brandon. The super chat as I agree with Rich PI think it's a pecking order issue unless it's a one A and one B situation. One MVP teams work best. A star will always have an alpha mindset. Mm You gotta break that down a little more bro. Yeah Brandon clarify that a little bit more. Brother Lakers and six Moving on. I can, what he trying to say? He is saying that you gotta have one alpha male then you gotta have somebody that could play Robin. Basically LeBron was the Alpha male D Wade played Robin. Okay. And they were saying that Chris B just fell in line like he was the third option.


He kind of was just a rotational guy basically they, They still was a big three though for say they wasn't a big three. It's kind of crazy. Yeah We talked about him probably yesterday. Yeah they're a big three bro Because on every team if, if I'm the best, Jeff the best somebody has to water theyself down a little bit just so we can be a good team. That's just basketball. But we still can be a big three like KG and them did that. Somebody gonna have to water they game down. But y'all still a big three Bro. Yeah and that shows you being a real teammate about the situation. 'cause everybody criticize Brad Bill for not wanting to be that role. But if he did then we'd be seeing how much of a teammate he is. It's a good thing to be. Yeah I mean you gonna have to, somebody has to. Yeah bro. If you wanna win you have to do that shit. That's True. 'cause Kevin Love did it. Somebody got to somebody. Every time you look at a big three, somebody took a step down bro.


You have to. Shit we Just talked about Clay when KD pulled up he still got shit out but he had to take a step down bro. K has to get these shots. No average 24 this year. You don't average 18 bro. Yeah. Yeah But we whooping shit so it's cool. Yeah But that'd be my thing though when you go there I feel like why ain't that the goal? 'cause you said you was going to the team to win the championship 'cause it Sound good And then once you playing it's like my team in college bro. We all was like why we all gonna play together but when you only got 10 tonight and you used to getting 24, you shitty bro as a basketball player or a competitor that just don't feel good all the time. Even though you win the game and everybody that play basketball, sometimes you win a game and you ain't played the way you wanna play. You still shitty bro. And y'all won the game. Yeah, that's just being Competitive. I never been that kind of player though.


I have a bad game. We won. You straight. Nah, he's Bad Nigga. If we lost and we had a good game, I, I'm the same way bro. I want to win. I wanna win but so I wanna play good too bro. If we play the game to play well bro, you play the game Tequila. If we lost it, I had 35. You probably ain't happy 'cause y'all lost. It would. So If you, if you, if you lost by 2035, you getting dressed faster than everybody after the game. It depend on my role on the team too. If I, if I ain't been playing that much, I, What are you saying? If you're the leader on the team and you lose by 20, but you just had 35. I'm pissed If I'm Brian or something, I'm pissed. Alright. What if you Bradley, bill, I mean we gonna lose anyway.


You mean Bradley Bill in Phoenix? Yeah. Oh yeah. I'm Bradley Phoenix. Okay, but you got bro, okay. Bradley bill on with John Watch. Oh, I'm mad, Mad bro. If I'm, if I'm one of them top guys bro, where I'm getting 30 every night, I'm gonna be mad bro. Okay. But if I'm a dude that's, I'm having a good moment today. Fuck it. We outside, nigga I had a good game. I don't care if we lost bro. So Quentin Grime should be like, we in the club every Night. He's, he about get paid. He having time of his life. Right bro. I have a story right now bro. You can't Tell me nothing. It just depend on what point in your career you in. I working on pauses and everything up. I ain't, I like, I like winning too Much though. Yeah. Everybody wanna win. I like if I had a bad game, we won it. Like winning erases everything. Yeah. Like yeah we lost. I had a bad game but we won.


Fuck it. Fuck you. But if you have 40 and y'all lost by three you might be mad. But I mean if y'all win a nigga windmill on y'all, y'all don't give a fuck y'all cool. So I always just wanted to win. That's my comeback. Like we like when we was debating with Brandon, Brandon like I had 34. Y'all lost? Yeah. Or even like Isaiah Brisco on the big three. You all Point you kept screaming at got lost bro. You lost. That was a, y'all understand how fired that moment was for the big Three? I like to win. Y'all had one of the best moments bro. I like to win. I hope they remember that in a couple weeks. I like to win bro. For sure. But speaking of the big three, I think we can break this now. All bro. Cardiac Kemba.


Yeah sir. It's official. My boy Kimba walking to big three. Yeah, I texted my boy yesterday man. He said he gonna fuck with the PO man. He gonna lock in with us. Ah yeah, it's up man. Appreciate That's gonna be a fire episode. He about to get out there and kill them. Yeah, that's about him. Who? You Right. You be surprised man. Some of them 'cause people be coming in. That shit just bullshit. Some people take that shit serious bro. Bro. Some working out. That's they life bro. Shout about boy Nazi. That's My, yeah, somebody like him bro. He, he working out every day, all day. But I feel like him on that though. I feel like Kim was Kimba coach bro. Yeah. He, You know what I'm saying, he over there with label in them still. He in the gym. I don't know if he in the gym like that. He heard He probably, I don't feel like doing that shit bro. He probably, he probably about to start training. But see the thing about the big three, that's why I wanted to be a full court game.


Yeah. Because guys like Kimba and them can still show that greatness. 'cause what make Kimball good is like open court. Yeah. You gotta guard one-on-one. He snatched back on you. Come set the pick and rope you get to looking crazy. Yeah. Big three. Them motherfuckers would just post up the whole game. He post you up the whole game bro. Just back you down. Back you down. We was Telling Isaiah Briscoe, we like, bro you really going post up the whole Game bro. He like you. I'm not, it's Not even basketball bro. We might well fight. Yeah. Shit. Moose didn't fuck basketball. That's what it was bro. He just posted. I'm like what the fuck bro? Who nigga? He Mark Jackson. Yeah, he was just posting up Mark Randolph bro. That's the, that's, Y'all really hate niggas that post for real Cousin. In real life you don't do this In no game bro.


I've never seen him playing a game in the way, bro. Yeah, that ain't, that ain't, That ain't his game. I'm not gonna basketball, It's big three basketball but it's not. You don't Hoop like this Bro. Real five on five. You said Euro league NBA. The people did pull up to see point guards post up. Yeah Bro. Like what are we doing bro? Yeah, For sure. All right man. Moving up to Sunday's game Magic and Celtics. Alright. How many games in the Magic win? Maybe one. Maybe one, One? Mm Y'all tripping bro. You think they're gonna win some games? Never. Guess what I'm, I'm saying maybe they probably gonna get sweat. They get the boom out bro Immediately bro. Yeah man. Shout out to Gary man. Shout out to the Magic. Yeah, I think it's quiet man.


Celtics on the run man. How many? I think the Celtics might lose three games total. This entire playoff run into the finals. Shout out to G here. His house is beautiful. He building a house. I don't know my fault. Put that motherfucker nasty though. Shout to G Man. Motherfucker man it is a 4,000 square feet. Nah, hell no. He ain't fucking with y'all shit. He got real house for Him, for him to say. He ain't fucking with Y shit. It is crazy. Hey grandpa call you after this man so he ain't got a pocket Damn call Mike. Shit. A guest house that he building? Yeah he where Fresh Prince across That got the pool house Jeff out of pocket Man.


How bro, that nigga wanted to build a pool house. For real. That's Crazy. Damn it was wasn't it? Damn you about to say we got the same 24 hours. You, you work as hard as you can. You Know you put your foot forward. Mike be comfortable. Where you comfortable? I Can see I still can't get over here saying you gonna be a house with one TV room Nigga. That's okay. No it's not. Mar how many TV rooms you got at your house?


Sh like Three, four Nigga niggas go watch TV in a couple rooms bro. Yeah I only got one set. It's crazy bro. No One TV room is, that's crazy Bro. Pull your iPad out bro. We, He said watch your phone bro. Telling me to pull to your house iPad is crazy. I said bro, we can't be invited to your house and go to the basement, watch the game or nothing. There's no TV there. There's no TV bro. He tell nothing bro. A basement with no TV bro. That's Yeah bro. He told me, bro, Y'all doing voodoo motherfucker the kids to work doing Voodoo with that motherfucker bro.


He Told us we gotta all sit there and watch the same TV with his kids. Bro you gotta get there early. His kids got TVs in his room but his kids wanna come out. We got, We gotta share it bro. Get well soon man. Yeah I think everybody flood themselves gonna handle that for sure. Rockets warriors. Yeah. How we feeling man This is a matchup. A lot of people feel like all they could sneak they can. But I'm gonna go with the Young Rockets. It's it be good bro. Okay. You, you feeling confident in the Warriors? This my favorite. This is my favorite one. It's my favorite First round match. This gonna be a, it is gonna be exciting games for sure man. 'cause the rockers is still young enough to do a lot of dumb shit and the Warriors do a lot of crazy shit. All I say is don't let it go to seven. 'cause if it do the Warriors gonna win.


That's tough. So they probably won't get it done. Six Jimmy better than everybody on the rockers bro. He's Warriors in six. Damn. Okay. Okay. Be here set. Bid this with Warrior in six. I ain't mad at it. Draymond. We gotta extend the vacate nasty. It's cool. We gotta delay it a little bit. Y'all about to, y'all about to beat them. That was a great match up. First round match up for y'all. So you saying the fix was in, they lost that, that game on purpose? Yeah Bro. To the Clippers? Yeah I Draymond this one right here Mr. Lay. You Jimmy. Jimmy Butler finna go crazy on there and he Thompson ain't got nothing for him. He's, And I ain't got no rebuttal. I'll be the outlier bro. I'm gonna Rocket since six man.


I think. I think these young boys ain't no fluke man. And they got vets, he got Fred Van Fleet who been there before. They can do it. Yep. I think Ja Greg gonna have a coming out party too. I just gotta see who gonna guard Steph. Probably Dylan. I know Fred used to guard him. Nah, Fred probably guard him. Fred guard him man. When he was in Toronto. But that's when you was a young Fred? Yeah. When you was playing for something. You know that contract? Yeah. I don't know if he got, he gonna get through them same screens but he been playing good this year for him. Do you put Dylan on Jimmy and then put Thompson on Steph. That's, that's a chance. That's the one the luxury they do have is having those two. Yeah. Thompson bro. Yeah. And he's one of the best defensive players in the league. But boy, I don't know if he got that hit on the swivel with Steph.


Boy you can't relax at one time. That's a fact. He gonna be, he gonna be running through moving and groove. He's not playing offense. This this series. Oh yeah your offense is done my boy. The Rockets got a fire team though. Yeah man. So if they won I would be Surprised. Jalen Green dominate. He has to ands. Well He got an average tee for him to win. I You know what I'm rolling with you there Mo. I think Shaken gonna have to set the tone 'cause he gonna have to outplay Draymond the series. Draymond gonna lock That up. Ooh. Can't get locked up by Draymond bro. That's the problem you have to play. Well Bro if you, my Allstar big, you gotta kill the series. You get locked Up by Dre mind. Y'all done bro. Yeah it is gonna get quiet Draymond Lock up and that's a high chance that Draymond lock you up. It is. Yeah. I like that question though. How much do you think Jaylee Green got average win this series? He gotta be dynamic bro.


Okay. He, he does 25 of Gary Payton 25. If Gary Payton and Moses Moody make it tough on him, rock is getting swept. Yeah You have to get 25. It ain't no way Moses Moody and Gary Payton can't make it tough on you get It. You gotta get 25 And they can make it tough on it. This ain't a play situation. They gotta win for them. And I know that in four games Ell will show up and another four games Jimmy but will show up. It's time for these young boys to prove man. But I got faith in them man. I don't think they was a fluke man. It may a hell of a coach too but I I agree. I think it's gonna be a very exciting series for sure. That's my favorite one. Shit. Draymond gonna show up. I hope so. He is Bro. You see what happened yesterday. Have an impact. He gonna have an impact on the game bro. Yeah you see What happened. It'll probably get well soon but with Steph to him in that corner Yesterday.


Nah yeah you not here for that. You gonna have an impact. Don't shoot. He said Hey this probably where the best time for you to shoot that. Said that in a nice way though. But yeah bro. Chill out When he shot that three. Yeah He said this let me come off the screen and kick it back to me bro. Don't Shoot that. Yeah we just run it back again bro. Before you shoot That and d Trayvon said You know what, you right my bad. I shouldn't have shot that. That be bad for sure. That's how, that's how You know y'all been together for a while. Yeah because nigga me, I would've crashed out but He said fuck you mean he said he said it in such a nice way that he couldn't even get mad like Right bro you Wow. He's like nah that ain't the action we probably want right there. You know I'm gonna come off this just hit me. Ah you bet. You Gotta see what KD said there was a problem S me. He said gimme the fucking ball right now.


And at That point probably like nigga I said the same thing to you At that point Draymond like nigga you can't talk to me like this. You cutting to my team, he trying to help you win the chip. Relax bro. He be realistic. Draymond is the reason that the worst he did with all these problems. Yeah he is still supposed to have Katie and Jordan pool. He He tore that apart. All of that bro. I'll fuck with that. See he like this still my shit. So y'all gonna be all I fuck I fuck with Dre mom man. He might be. I do too. Yeah I love Dre bro because he don't give a damn. Alright shit I'll blow this bitch up Him, him winning without KD too make him turn up even more. Yeah That's why he said we gonna win this year. I said if he win this year it's over. I swear to God he win this year DI swear to God you win this year Dre.


Nah go. Nobody can say nothing to him. Five Boy. Don't Check out What you lost your bet this year to Draymond. Damn. What you said they weren't gonna make the playoffs? Yeah what? What? I forgot what we bet though. I I know I lost the bet. I just couldn't remember what we be. Draymond beat some forces too 'cause he, we swept him. Draymond have made such a good career. Oh I know I lost a bat. Yeah I just forgot what it was. He made such a good career. He talking shit to Paul Pierce bro and his stamp. He said I had to wear a jersey or some shit. I can't remember You wearing the Draymond jersey. It's crazy. Yeah Fuck you and I gotta wear with no shirt on under it. Draymond send the four x this nigga barbecue. You ain't have no shirt on no jersey Bro. That's crazy. Nah, hold on mooc. Hold on. Your brother about Barbecue.


About about to barbecue is crazy. Nicks Crazy. Nah, I try to roast my mama. Hey try to roast. I ain't try to roast my mama yesterday man. Hold on. What's going on then? Tell her don't she make some fire Turkey with pineapples and shit. Facts. Yeah these niggas try to say who fuck Don put in Turkey Rico I have nothing to do. Rico Won't really eat ham though. I love Miss Curl Ham. I love Miss Girl but it's quiet. I mean it look like ham, ham. See I you bro. I love Miss Girl Good. Oh on God. I promise I do shout out to Dukes. It is quiet for attorney And when I see her at the gym next week, matter of fact I'm gonna call her.


We got that relationship. I'm gonna call her and tell her your sons is on this big ass platform line. Actually that's crazy. Oh yeah, please tap healthy shit bro. I'm telling you bro. Nobody please tap to the positive at 12:00 PM That's a great conversation Me yesterday. If you eat ham, that's like smoking cigarettes Bro. If you ham a Pepsi bro. My little smoke cigarette bro. If you drink Pepsi, you definitely smoke Newport Crashing out bro. That's Cigarette bro. These nigga, these niggas burn the fuck out man. Man if you eat him bro you smoke square. It's at the same level bro. Bro it's just as bad bro.


Like smoking king ribs letting the smell come of your car bro. That's for the jail. He Right here. You talking about my mama? Hey shout to the key Keystone smell loud a mile away. All there go that boy smell so good boy. I feel you being lemme barbecue heavy smell so good too. I boy pull you in for sure man. Grizzly's a man Thunder doesn't matter.


No I don't care. Nah, thunder going sweet whoever in that situation. Yeah I like to see Ja though If they play the Grizzlies out, the Grizz could win one or two. Okay. Yeah I like to see Ja bro. He is just so exciting to watch. Yeah I like to see Ja Bars for sure. That'd be a hell of a match up. Yeah but I think, I think his thunder's on that way. You know it's gonna be a big problem for him at all. But yeah, but y'all got Thunder and five. Yeah six I got, I got Thunder in six, five Thunder and five moot. You got 'em. I know you going with Thunder obviously If yeah, if the Grizz are for sure but if the Grizzlies make it, I think they can squeeze two out of there. Yeah, me too. Okay. I think if they start playing, whoop that trick again bro. I swear to God that ring needs to go crazy and I came on bro. That is far though. Whoop that trick they start playing that again.


It might get serious for sure. All right man. Thunder six is what it is and last of certain not least Heat and Hawk slash verse The calves. I don't think it matters either way. Nah, we they Swep. Yeah neither one of, I ain't gonna lie though. The CVEs ain't that scary bro. Swept. Who is it Dad? Either one. Either One. The Miami Heat could get a game from the calves. I ain't gonna lie. I don't like it. I don't know if the Hawks, I don't know we we be a little shaky but I ain't gonna lie that he can, Tyler Hero can win a game bro. We watched it last night. He can go crazy. Yeah but that that, that ain't gonna be Josh Giddy. He going against though.


It's gonna be Donvan Mitchell. Yeah, yeah man, shit happens bro. Remember they told we wasn't gonna win the game against the Pacers nigga he took him seven. That is true. Yeah. Damn. So shout out to the Pacers. We'll see. Got the dub. I'm gonna say Cavs. Hope we had no misses. Cavs definitely gonna be a super in that situation for sure. My boy was hooping though. Crazy highlight. Alright man. Verified Buck beat him was getting two yesterday. Oh man. Y'all know what's going on. Hero. I told y'all them Bulls had nothing for my boy. Best, best player on the floor. Best player in the whole arena. Favorite white boy. Sure 38 piece yesterday. Tell you who you got. I'm even though they lost, I'm gonna go with Josh. Giddy. He, he put the ball up. It was terrible to watch but yeah 25, 25 and 10.


But the the attempts and the aggressiveness was there. I ain't gonna lie. Mo who you got bro? My dog ad 27 9. He looked like he had a good time last night man. Easy money for sure man. Three blocks in his. Well man I'm gonna show some love with Kobe White yesterday just 'cause he went five from 20 from the field. We don't care what you do bro. Get them F Gs up. Get paid. My boy. Yeah and my boy Clay, come on man. Clay have this talking 23 piece seventh. Best two guard of all time. Seven. Yeah. Had a good long as the top 10. Yeah I got it man. Tune into the Patreon right now if you're subscribed. If not, please subscribe right now and go check out that episode. Yeah, Go to Patreon. We got some exclusive photos. Damn.


Hold on Everybody. Some exclusive photos of our new merch. I ain't gonna be finish. That's Wild. What's that girl name? Mike? You putting the mer? Oh it is the last day but we got clowns a little bit. Man youll soon. Yeah to my photography. We'll start off there. My fault. The new Production shoots my boy was my fault. Mark can't joco you no more. I seen who you was with. Oh, oh, Oh, no, No, no, no. I'm talking about he was with the nation. Oh. That's why I'm gonna quit messing The biggest Malcolm about to have that bow tie.


Hey Malcolm come to to work at the time. He ain't gonna be here long. Malcolm look like dude. Yeah. Did y'all hear what Charleston White said what he did with the Muslim was Wrong? Nope. Nope. I don't care about none. He did. I did gonna talk About I don't care. He did. Nope. Nope. Huh? Nope. I don't wanna know. We will continue that conversation on back court connection. Yeah. Seed get Will soon to us again. I ain't gonna say get will soon to Alex Burke my young bull from the Bull Chicken. No bro.


No, no, nope. Matis play the clip now. Hey Big boy. That shit say Play the other clips. Anything Miss play it all. He said y'all can't tell the difference Bro. Good, good. Goodwill soon to the Bulls man. Yeah, play all the mine row Don't just a, with that being said, shout to Draft King. My crash out far light shit. The Muslims was at summer camp One more time.


Oh hey man. Oh Shit. No Problem. That was a very nice way of telling me don't shoot no problem. The three Shout out to Wardell man. Way to be a leader boy. Yeah, Score thumb. Hey man, Y'all gotta find that clip man. I know y'all be clipping shit up from show but y'all gotta find that clip of to the Muslim. That's crazy though. Oh Lord. He say y'all be lying so I can't tell the difference. Hey man, we appreciate y'all 12.


I'm sorry. Oh, what to do? We catch y'all WrestleMania pool up WWE world. We'll be there all weekend. Shout. Shout the time we going crazy. Yeah, it up Friday Live show with one of my favorite wrestlers all the time at 3:00 PM Yeah. Booker T. Yes sir. Pull up. Catch us live man. We gonna have a great time with Booker T. We gotta ask him our favorite questions. You already know. Har Hogan, we looking for you, The Volume.


You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the king of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm ready to fight. Oh, this is fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer back.


Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. Part of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, You know, We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.