
This is an iHeart podcast.


Draft night ain't just about who goes number one. It's about how you show up. And JD Sports is where the future of the league gets laced up. Whether it's Dylan Harper's tenacious two-Way play, or Trey Johnson Sharp shooting from deep down south, jds got the gear to match every draft story from exclusive kicks to player collabs. JD Sports is the plug for the next level style. So while the lead's getting younger, your fix getting fresher, JD Sports with the game meets you streets. Visit jd sports.com to check out their new collection or download the JD app today.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need, plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger. Plus the RayBan Meta Glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day Experience Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the Meta AI app today on the Apple App store and Google Play. The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world.


A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


The volume. What's going on five 20 at night. You know what time it is recapping. Game seven of the NBA championship. Crazy, crazy game man. Shout out to be here And his Oklahoma City thunder man. Salute man. Well deserved King. You early Believer. I ain't like y'all. I don't do that. I feel like if Tyrese would've been in the game, I don't know if they would've won. I'm just saying he got off to a high start to see him go down. That made me shitty. 'cause I feel like we didn't get it how we was supposed to. Yeah, that that finals was whack. Yeah, the final game was that game seven was Whack. I don't, I don't take that high, you feel me? I'm really shitty. He injured for real like 'cause he got onto to a high high start and shout out to, You know TJ McConnell, he that third quarter, I swear to God bro, I thought he was finna rally 'cause they put do on him.


Who? The other nigga with the dreads. Cason Wallace. Yeah. Put Cason Wallace on him. They put Jaylen Williams on. He was still busting they ass. So You know, they fought hard tonight. Respect man. Hey listen, respect is due. Respect is due. Hey man. OKC got them a ring man. Shout to SGA one of the best seasons in NBA history. People don't want to give him into respect. You can call him what you want. Foul merchant, whatever he got. MVP follows. MVP first team all NBA, especially from a guard standpoint. Shout out to him one of the best seasons in NBA history man. Salute to them in that team. Best team in the NBA all year long. And they kept it off with the ringman. They deserve the utmost respect regardless of what happened in that situation. Man. Nah. Facts. He had a, he had a tough, tough shooting night too.


Most Definitely. I also wanna show some love to Benedict Ren. Okay, shout out to Ben, You know what I mean? He got the minutes he deserves. So him getting that 24 points, that definitely helps y'all too. But You know, it is what it is Man. Let's talk about it man. Definitely a tale of two halves in this situation. First half exciting basketball. Unfortunate news obviously with Tyres Taylor Burton is fear that he has achilles injury. Rest up to him. You talked about that with the calf strain. That's always an unfortunate possibility playing through injury like that. Yeah, we know that the calf, anytime that calf is any type of injury, it could be a light of gray one, whatever you want to call it. You gotta rest up. Yeah, I mean we had too many instances where people calves and led to a touring Achilles and I'm pretty sure he probably tores Achilles from watching the video a thousand times.


And You know what, this is a sidebar, You know it's five 20 so we gotta talk how we gonna talk? Why the hell that lady ask Miles Turner? How do you feel about Tyrese getting hurt in the middle of the game? Yeah, Lisa does usually does a good job. She at that point there was nothing to ask and that was just a dumb ass question. And Man, be solid. Yeah you solid for holding that down like that bro. Man I would've been like, what you think like, Yeah Like, like that was a dumb ass question. He in the middle of the NBA finals Game seven Was game seven bro. You ask him about his man who just probably tore his Achilles, you ask him what do you think about his injury? Like it's the end of the game.


Like this is like motherfucker, I ain't, I can't worry about that. Obviously we sad but He was high too. Why the Fuck you asking me that? Yeah, that man. And also as well, why do y'all have to replay it so much? I get it. You gonna show it initially but there is no reason that we needed to keep seeing that Man. We don't need to see that man get hurt a thousand times. That was, that sucks man. Prayers of Tyra. Celebrate man, get well soon. King. Y'all know I trove the places out here. I I ain't like that one. I'm like man, come on bro. I didn't fuck with her. Yeah. I'm like that shit lame. Yeah man, listen the way that Tyree started this game off, I thought my boy was about to have a moment tonight man. Yeah, three quick threes. He came out with the md, he's seven minutes bro. He was popping his shit.


I was like yeah tyre's about to have a moment. Then unfortunately that moment did happen, which sucks man. And just to see somebody get geeked for that type of a situation, obviously you've been on some teams man, you see somebody get an injury, especially a major injury. Like the fact that patient still even showed up to play the rest of this game salute to them 'cause Yeah that, that's tough to deal with man. To see a leader go down like that at a time like that, that sucks. He literally left it all on the court and that's, that's like going forward. We was talking about it before the show started, it's basically over for the Pacers for next year. Yeah. I would imagine they let Miles Turner walk, I mean I know we just talking about the NBA final but I imagine they let some people walk 'cause you basically playing for nothing next year.


Yeah. Not saying they don't got a bunch of capable players, but let's be real. I mean let's be realistic about it. We even talk about the Boston Celtics who were just won championship last year but the unfortunate kill city with Jason Tatum, they're looking like they're about to retool. I know money's involved as well but that changed everything for their timeline. Yeah man. Even with Kyrie, You know Kyrie didn't have an Achilles ACL changed the timeline for Dallas Auto. They got some favor as well. But Dame Lier Achilles as well man. Like yeah it's been a tough postseason for the stars man. But man that dramatically affects the Pacers for sure man. Man. Yeah it's tough bro. I hate that happen though. I do, I do. Hell of a season for the Pacers. I mean the city was on fire. It's probably still gonna be up I imagine when they fly in. It'd be a crazy crowd at the airport.


Most definitely Still gotta show. Little downtown should be lit. Yeah regardless like I don't know man that really, I don't, I was pissed. I'm like this nigga hurt. Yeah man, what the fuck? It like we got robbed up a moment. I was tight 'cause I'm like he's so hot and yeah of course I'm thinking about my parlay for sure. Of course. But I'm like to see him killing like that and I'm like this is gonna be one of the greatest game sevens ever bro. Real. I thought it was gonna be a moment. I was like dang. Yeah. I don't think there's ever been a point where you've seen a star player get hurt like that in the finals. Nah, let alone a game. Seven. I mean yeah bro, I've never seen in a game seven but when KD got hurt.


Oh yeah, yeah. You know, similar situation but nah for sure. I mean the exact same situation but in the game seven And you starting off. I've never, I've never seen that go down in a game seven. I haven't seen that Man. That is crazy man. Shout to Tyrese man. Rest up. Take your time. Obviously he will not be playing basketball next season. Interesting situations. We talked about, You know KC should go to get kd obviously he goes to the Rockets today and they got a chip. Yeah. What young core, how you feeling? I think OKC obviously they're gonna be back next year. Yeah they not gonna switch anything. They probably just gonna add but I don't know. I don't think the, I think the n NBA's too wide open.


I don't see them running the back. I don't think that's a dynasty or anything like that. I think they got a good young core. I think they'll be contenders obviously, but I don't see 'em like just, You know running through the league. Yeah and I mean they gonna be a top team obviously for sure. But I don't think they just gonna run through the playoffs like they got a dynasty how we felt about Boston. Yeah I don't feel that Same, they don't got one of them teams. Yeah I don't feel the same way about But they gonna be a top three for sure. Yeah team next year I just, I was watching this game time, I'm like Aren knee Smith and I mind you, y'all know I was going for KC whatever, but I'm like bro why you keep fouling so much bro Me a hat. Hey man I told you God Leave I, I got nom for Aren Smith for what he did gets to Knicks hitting all them threes but this is, it is been a very rough finals.


It Jalen Williams has been cooking him a majority of his finals and he hasn't really showed up offensively at all. We had a couple games from Nihart but Nihart hasn't really showed his best round defensively. He's been there for sure. It's a tough task at, You know Guard SGA. But yeah I got one more complaint about the Bobby Rick Carlisle. Why the fuck, why the hell was Pascali aka out so long in the third? I didn't wanna bring that up 'cause I didn't feel like they have no rookie excuses but there's no reason why he shouldn't play 40 minutes a night. What? Why he should, should play 48. Yeah. Whole game. It's game seven. Yeah. Why is Nihart out so long? Like it was at one point they had TJ McConnell, Benedict Mathern, Ben, Ben Shepherd, Ben Shepherd.


Oh Lord Bradley why the hell is Bradley in the end then he took Bradley out and put what tb. Oh he put Thomas Bryan in the game. What are you doing Bro? Hey Did you see what Thomas Bryan did when you got the game? Chuck The three bro. He came Off of Curl top of the key and shot that shit like right out. I said what are we doing? Miles Turner supposed to play 47. Yeah everybody's supposed to play Nim. Har supposed to be be 42. Yeah Tony Bradley. See Yaka not supposed to come out. Tony Bradley with a 10 day contract. Man, Y'all let the rope go In the postseason? Yeah. Y'all let the rope go in the third quarter bro. It's the last game the season. Yo best player just went out with a torn Achilles. Oh my God. Yeah man Rick was on some bullshit today man.


I ain't gonna hold you. Shout to my dog TJ nro bro. He, he did the best he could man Bro killed third quarter Amazing. He Killed but he had to do everything 'cause Seeum was sitting on the bench. And that's not a recipe for winning. No. If TJ McConnell is ISO boys you probably about to win the game bro. Yeah he's out here trying to go one on four facts bro. Like bro, he was like Mike. Yeah like bro. No see Kom should have been in the game this whole time. I couldn't believe they had him out in the third quarter. He should have never came out. Soon as Tyrese got hurt. Yeah you supposed to look at him and be like hey we gonna tell me I call the timeout Man you look at something just across the board. Listen, OB topping has been what our top three score on the team got us a donut tonight for sure.


Oh he, He had a crazy turnover too. Oh He was scared as hell. Oh My lord. That turnover O Topp, he was scared. The Moment was too big for a lot Bro. He was going for dribble, handoffs falling out of bounds. That was Crazy. Couldn't stand up. But they, y'all said that though, that arena they probably stood up the whole game. Yeah, but it's the seven like You know it's all the marbles right here Dude. There was at one point where they hit a bucket to go up five and it felt like they was up a thousand bro. The arena was shaking. Yeah I think it was like 51, 55, 56. I know The arena was shake. I said oh my god. Yeah One shot let 'em strike it got it got wicked. Nah it got Ugly. That's 'cause You know why Wicked second AKA was sitting on the bench in the third quarter.


Yeah like what are we doing? And Miles Mad Miles had a very tough finals. You know he was ill the first couple of games but He wasn't aggressive though. Jesus. I thought that three that he hit at the top was going to open it up for him just to get in his bag, his dog out. Like I thought that was going to turn him up. But Yeah And again the turnovers, I mean you can't beat anybody with turn and turnovers like we've been finessing the whole time playing well back from terrible ball handling and dribble handoffs and all the above. 'cause Cason Wallace l Do and Crew so was Blissing everything. But you can't expect to win a game but gets, the team is Talented because you turn the ball over. You had, I mean obviously Hol Burton went out and he's, he never turns the ball over. Rarely. He rarely has a lot of turnovers.


But Steve Nash, TJ Nash, whatever you wanna call him, that's not his role. No. To Have a ball that much. Yeah. So when you start asking people to do stuff they don't normally do, that's why you end up with 21 turnovers. Like he was turning that mother, he was turning over like hot cakes but you start asking him to do stuff but you got him out there with no other ball handler. Like it was like you said he had Ben, she out there. I don't know why Ben was out there like that. That Ben supposed to play this game bro. Yeah. Respectfully. This was not the moment for him at All. Nah, he ain't supposed to play this game at All. And like you said KC with seven turnovers. Teacher McConnell with seven turnovers. Yeah. Nasty work recipe for disaster. Let's hop in super chat man. See what they talking about.


Alright Tony Red and Super Chat says watching those seven turn ups from tj, I wanna see Lonzo and Andy. What area of depth Andy need to address for me is center and point guard. I ain't gonna hold you Tony. We gonna be probably addressing a lot of things because with Tyrese being out all next year, I don't know if we're gonna pay Miles some money he's looking for or if we want to blow the team up. Yeah Y'all need to try to get Trey like you said That, I mean it ain't really no point in getting him now. Nah it it Is. It ain't no point in making a swing right now. You gonna have to make wait another year and see how Tyrese is gonna look before He make a swing at y'all can get a quality like Y can get, if y'all can get like a Drew holiday or anybody You know like a room like Alonzo or whatever that can just kind of hold down the fort and y'all still can be a good team but can come off the bench when When Tyree come Back, Tyrese come back then y'all smooth.


But if y'all can't, if y'all can't get nobody to really play his role just to hold it down and might as well blow it up. Most definitely Christopher Smith in the super chest said Miles is seven foot but he plays like he's six two. It's like he's allergic to the paint on office. I'm tired this style big. He doesn't take advantage of his size. He don't. Yeah. Miles has never been a back to the basket type. Big I I hate when people do that though. 'cause the reason that they are so good and effective is 'cause Miles can shoot threes Bingo. So Tyrese, Halliburton would not be the player that y'all would like if he was sitting there playing with a back to the basket big 'cause the floor wouldn't be as spaced. What make him good as he gets a chance to play in space to get to use his creativity, his size against smaller players and his passing ability.


Miles is always a outlet like when you drive to the basket naturally bigs follow you to the rim. They trying to get the rebound or a block shot so any other time they can always kick back to the bigs and Miles can shoot now y'all go, y'all go crying and y'all get Clint Capella in that lane. No disrespect to Clint but that lane get clogged up. That's gonna be wicked. Yeah Boy's gonna be, man what we doing with Clint Capella? He sucks man. He can't hear the layup, he can't do That. And that's been my conversation for everybody talking about trading miles for the last six years. Okay cool. We trade miles then who you gonna get? You want somebody who can shoot three reason block shots. That's miles. He just don't rebound. Yeah this this he ain't gonna rebound.


Triple J ain't gonna rebound. It is what it is Man Don't stop dj. Huh? Leave triple J out of this. They Are. They're similar. No don't do that J you have to rebound next year. Get y'all shit off with Miles. Leave triple J out of this. Nah he don't have to rebound bro. Pay him for do what he does best bro. Don't talk about what I don't do. Talk about what I do. Super Chat is fraud for sure. Christopher Cooper the super chat said first off press to Holly for real. For real He was for the fraud. KC objectively. That being said, get Wilson soon. DJ get Wilson Pacers East wide open. Knicks up. Shout out to Christopher Cooper man. Yeah the east is going to be wide open. Yeah, but guess who ain't gonna be there. The Knicks


draft night ain't just about who goes number one. It's about how you show up it. JD Sports is where the future of the league gets laced up. Whether it's Dylan Harper's tenacious two-Way play or Trey Johnson Sharp shooting from deep down south. J D's got the gear to match every draft story from exclusive kicks to player collabs. JD Sports is the plug for the next level style. So while the league's getting younger, your fix getting fresher JD Sports or the game Meet the streets. Visit jd sports.com to check out their new collection or download the JD app today.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need. Plus it meets you where you are. Not only is Meta AI now an app but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger plus the RayBan meta glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day experience. Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try the meta AI app today on the Apple app store and Google Play.


Your business deploys AI pilots everywhere. But are they going anywhere or are they stuck in silos, exhausting resources, unable to scale. Maybe you don't need hundreds of AI pilots. You need a holistic strategy. IBM has 65,000 consultants with Gen AI expertise who can help you design, integrate and optimize AI solutions. So you're not just deploying ai, you're scaling it across your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM let's create


Some stands for so others. Mighty and I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home Today if these walls could talk they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington, DC Morgan, Abu Dhabi. Sorry if I messed your name up. Respect though. King or Queen?


TJ McConnell. Rick Carl out or Reason Indiana Loss. I'm not gonna put that smile on tj. Them seven turn is crazy but I mean bro he was the only person that scored for like 15 minutes. He kept y'all in the game bro. Yeah, that third quarter would've busted open if he wasn't going crazy like That. Yeah man. Shout out to TJ Nash. He showed up today for show. Ross Stevens in the super chest said Trey Turner for traffic home. Damn love him but he didn't even show up once in the finals. Can't hang for 10 years and deliver like that. Yeah man he had a very rough Final turner But Miles Sanders showed up the rest of the playoffs. So yeah. Got show respect. King Williams and the Super Chest said man, big fan of the pie. Shout out JTB. He the DJ coming off his finals. What's next for the Pacers? Thoughts on K to the Rockets? Like we said man you gotta evaluate what you wanna do going forward if you gonna blow the team up, they have every reason to.


I don't know if Rick would stick around for a rebuild. Yeah. I don't know. It might raise you more problems. Yeah, I don't think Rick could stay for a rebuild. I mean who can turn down making, would he make five, $6 million a year? I mean they wouldn't keep paying him. I'm sure he probably stay but Mm. What y'all think about K to the Rocket though? Shout out to the Rockets for getting KD at a price that was seemed to be somewhat reasonable for them. You think so? I think so. I think to them, I'm not saying for me but to them obviously they didn't care for Jalen Green's contract. Nope. Number 10 pick probably wasn't gonna do much for this team anyway. And if you're looking at Dylan Brooks or kd, even though Dylan Brooks is a hell of a player, I'm gonna roll with kd. You still catch your own player Soon.


Sons is up Where your scoring punch at though Now my personal thought is there has to be another move. Africans, You think I saw Thompson or whatever. Which one is that? Amen. Or Sir, I don't know which one of 'em. Thompson twins. Amen is in Houston with them. Okay. You think he takes the next leap and he can average that 20 points that just left? Yes. No, I mean obviously K D's bringing 26 Points. He average what? 17. He's cool. They have to go get a two guard if they're trying to be a serious championship. Contester. Do you think Ken Whitmore gets the opportunity now? I think he does. To get an opportunity to play off. Yeah. 14 Mm Yeah you need him second unit. I think they did a good job. 'cause I think Tar Easton is a, is a quality player.


I think Cam Whitmore could be a quality player. Yeah they kept Jabari Smith Which was the most important part. You kept Jabari and you kept Charlie Easton. So you got two sizable players who can score multiple ways. Hey I ain't mad at that at all. They Gonna be good. I I Like, I like that team. I like the sons though. I don't like the sons because they're not gonna keep Jalen Green. Yeah, they're they have to. They said they was rerouting him anyway and said they gonna trade him somewhere else. He doesn't, he doesn't fit that team. What happens opening day? They Roster it's gonna hit a lift. It looks guilty Bradley Bill, Jalen, green Bradley Bill gonna lift that man. Go on somewhere bro. Go on man. Go on lift that man bro. Come to Detroit Bro bro. Nah bro.


Yeah bro. Brag keep the crib. I Know you if they not talk how he would've talked bro don't talk to me. He told y'all Brag, we love you bro. Lift that bro. Go on get out them people way. Nah for Real. Nah lock in Lift, lift that and go about your peace king. What they always say? These players signed these crime tracks and they, they're won fulfilled now Team, it is your job to do yours. You're on the look. We Cannot go through a whole nother year y'all of This. Nah bro. He won't be on that team. They Need tore. They're gonna wait him a train him. They, they gotta tre him for a free a point guard. I'm trying to think. Yeah, I don't know what point guard they can go get. Are they definitely gonna trade him for a point guard? I like Dylan Brooks next to Brett.


I mean to Devin Booker. I like that but I do too. Going forward the rest of the team is still Who you think is a young guard that can go get for Jalen? Gr Mm That might be a wild trade or something. We ain't gonna think about it at Pick number 10. It gotta be so They get the 10 pick so It gotta be something from Utah man. Oh that's fine. If they get the 10 pick they go get Jeremiah fierce. If he make it to 10 that'd be perfect. If he dropped his 10, that's A lick. Yes He go to a UN point guard. So I asked y'all this question. Is Devin Booker gonna be his son for life or how long does he feel like I need to get outta here For life bro, he about to get $70 million a year on that extension.


Oh Yeah. Sign me up Love. Yeah like I don't, D book is a smart man. He grew up, he, he grew up, You know what I mean? He, he he smart. He ain't know Hollywood type guy. He be chilling in his own world. He like I'm gonna ride this thing guy for 15 years man. Get all the money I can Have all the franchise records. I made it to the finals before I'm cold. Yeah. Yeah. I got the accolades and Stats. My house is beautiful. Yeah. Hey man, shout to D book. How y'all feel? This rockers team could be obviously as is. I'm sure they'll probably make another move. I think seen some rumors about our guy, our favorite two guard in the NBA. You know what I'm saying? Possibly being a Rocket that might redirect some talent there. Not, not My dog.


Yeah. Wow. Qg. Oh Let's go Quentin Grounds going Put my dog at the tour in a Rockets in this up. Qg used Qg KD Tarry Boy boy they gonna be wrong. That boy freaky Fred. They gonna start Jabari. Jabari gonna start Quinn Grimes. Do not take your black ass to Houston. Nah you gotta start my dog. Don't don't tell him pull up if you can't start. He live in Hu He live in Houston. Come on. He from Houston. He from Houston. Nah, He's just from There. It's all it's it's only right he Moved away. Nah, that's working later bro. Home is where the heart is. Nah, listen I can't wait to see what's gonna happen man. Hell Buttrey K got to where he go. K Gonna There and kill though. They gonna be a great, great team this year.


KD Sagon Thompson. They a figure they gonna figure it out. Oh yeah, they'll be a top five C. He Got a great coach so I believe in Him. Yeah, they'll be a top five C for sure. And you got Steven down back on the team. He rash signed as well. My boy Reed Shepherd get some burn out there man. For sure man. Reed Shep gonna look good year two. Yeah for sure. Well stay tuned. Alright. Gold Mouth P in the super chat. Said just wanna shout DJ on his professionalism 'cause I'd be shit as hell. All the people saying they feel bad for H would've criticized him if he didn't play. Yeah, he, yeah it was a tough situation to be in. There's no way he could've sat this game out. Yeah, I I was always with him sitting up but Yeah. Yeah I wasn't, I wasn't fucking with that after watching Dame. It was, that was too obvious. You know what I mean?


He just had the Cal problem. He come back pop like, I'm like man, but You know after winning game six you like oh he might be straight. Yeah so, And if there's any game that you would play, it's game seven in the finals bro. Nah for sure. I mean you already played game six as up. Yeah Fair enough. I was, I was questionable playing game him playing game six but yeah hell, who am I? And I seen in the super trash shout out to my boy Joe El some boy. Tell your mama I miss her boy. That was my peoples man. I, I know who that is man. Respect, love. Damn out to CJ was going up. Okay. Chill out boy. Said my nigga. T to the Pacers Man. That's the, that's the family.


Oh this peoples My people, little peoples over there Thought it was a little thing from old school. Nah, nah, nah. That's wild. That's wild boy. That boy doing a lot tonight. Nah, I'll owe some get back. I owe some get back. Okay, now we can, we can go, this bottle can be popped Niggas and shot. Ready at the See, lemme see it because They 1800. What is this bro? That's the shit that's built like Shamar. What is this? I don't know that whatever that bottle come. Hey You know so crazy. It's a real shit going on in the world right now.


Why did this rap be for Sha? For real. Alright, Move on. Nah, y'all ever see the video when you talk about Africa? He said United States is Africa Africas in the United States. Y'all keep playing with me bro. He said I'm African wood, I'm from Crenshaw Mafia. I ain't no African booty scratcher back in the scoop. That's fried. Sorry I keep messing name up man. Boy. Yeah, Abu Dhabi maybe call that Nigga Mo e. Mo e. There we go. Shout to you gang. Oh God. Oh my mama. If T was playing said TJ McConnell Indiana would've won boy. Yeah, in 2018. That's African for sure.


Fry Nigeria. Shout to y'all. Alright. Kie Jade the Superman said shout to KC and the Canadian breeders. They won me some chicken on the last game of the season. Turn me up. Metro. Yeah, whatever. Shout to OKC. Yeah, Tony Res and Super Check says my thing is keep TJ move him to shooting guard Trey for Alonso try for Kessler or Alki from Utah or assignments from PDX. The retool is gonna be interesting. Yeah there's gonna be some Retools now every, I don't want to see Lonzo and TJ as my sergeant one and two. I'm already, yeah Y'all could use Walker Kessler. Oh me could. I'm already dealing with a lot. I do not have time for a TJ Nash. Some Lonzo Ball Back quarter piss me off.


But yeah, TJ McConnell and Lonzo Ball at the back court. We gonna be our ass beat. That's The worst back court in. Yeah bro. It's not even gonna be your back court. It just, it's Cool. Yeah, I I don't need to be triggered like That. Me hard and all them will be there. It's Cool but nah, every assignment someone pull up And hoop out. Nah, nah, that's a, that's a good don't. Nah, that's it. Good. Y'all should go get Trey in Tap in Trey Young? No Murphy. Oh. I about say hey Trey. Shit bro. We got a team perfectly set Up for you. When you say Trey, it's only one Trey in the league. No it ain't, man. Shout to my boy Trey, You better T say Trey Murphy. You better say Tre Murphy or something. Nah, it spelled the right way, way. When you say Tre And Trey Murphy? Shit, it's Trey spelled the right way. When you say Trey, it's only one tray Ice Come to nap bro.


We got a team. Perfect is What? Stay att L Man stay. It's Only, Hey it's only one tray. No freaky ass Clubs is down there. We don't got that up here. So I know y'all got Sunset, Staple C For Sure. Shout out to all the girls that dance and do your thing in there. Make your money Queen. Can't wait till y'all come on the Show. Is that where our girl was when the chat mama? Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Alright. Alright. That strike do all alright. Alright. Killer. Don't let that skill get in the head of you. I ain't even opened it Yet. That's what I'm saying.


I'm back like you drunk the whole bottle We've been at for fest. Niggas ain't down. We gotta get something going man. Alright man, one more time. Okay C Man, salute to them man for getting that championship man deserving. Man they whooped ass All year long. Man. Ain't sad. Nobody give like we don't care. Good job. Yeah, I gotta show some respect man. It was crazy. Shout out to Fanatics Fest man. We appreciate everybody who pulled up man. We had some super dope episodes man. We can't wait to share with y'all. Most importantly, start tomorrow. 12:00 PM You know the vibes man. We got the commissioner. Adam Silver Live for five 20. Man, great episode. It was some good times, man. Can't wait for y'all to see it


one time for Boost Mobile Man. You know the vibes $25. Where they at t? It is 5G Nationwide. Come on man. Tap in with Boost Mobile, get you a new TracFone phone for your son, your mama, whoever they got 'em for everybody. Thanks.


Also, man, if you want to see the exclusive behind the scenes at Fanatics Fest, man we have some dope content man. Tap into the Patreon also. Episodes drop there early. You know we always make sure Patreon get it first. We appreciate y'all. We'll see y'all again soon. Five 20 at night. The volume


Yo. We're taking over Times Square's JD Sports for a special draft takeover. We're chopping it up with the next generational hoop stars, top picks, fresh fits and real talk catch exclusive interviews behind the scene vibes and the crew checking out the latest heat in JD Sports. It's all going down on Club five 20 podcast. Powered by the volume. Don't miss it For excitement and check out their new collection. Visit jd sports.com or download JD app.


Here's why April chose to vaccinate her child. I think actually meeting someone who was not vaccinated and now has a lifelong struggle with a childhood disease really cemented for me that it's super important that we as parents continue to vaccinate our children. Talk to your pediatrician or visit y vaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck.


Some stands for, so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is an iHeart podcast.