
When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year, you can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month, it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp. And a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited. Premium Wireless. How to get 30? 30? Bid to get 30? Bid to get 20. 2020. Bid. To get 2020 bid, get 15 15, 15, 15. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give It a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extras beats lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown. Defense will the owner of a red sedan, please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop. With Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what choice. Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC


S, Pop and Justin Jefferson Here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You, feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Favorite morning sports show. We keep you up to date and everything sports related, especially basketball. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. I got my esteem Co-host with me to my left. I got Bishop Pennix to my right. I got Teague fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing today? Chilling as I Wake up every morning. Hear my knees and I pray that your wake up song because it finally made a Way. Nah, I don't ing Rod. You're not allowed to sing Rod. I've been running up that Ka mama. You sing P Pablo though? Hell nah. Waking up to P Pablo. It's crazy. Sing that North Carolina shit, Man. I ain't never wake up there. Shout to Winston Child to wishes, man.


Listening man. A lot of basketball take care of last night. A lot of Tubby originals for sure. I ain't even gonna call 'em Doubleheaders Tubby Originals last night. Crazy basketball. We're gonna start off with the calves man. They stay unbeaten man. 1 19, 1 13. Got the bulls out the way yesterday. 12 and on the season's the best start since that. You know what I'm saying? Historic 20 15, 16 Warriors team. How y'all feel about it? Talk to that. That's the assistant coach over there. Yeah, I mean I, I said they was gonna lose last night. I just try to, you know, be a little different, go against the grain for once. But the calves are serious. They taking care of business. They beating the teams they supposed to beat and then when they play really good teams they show up and they winning those games too. I think they serious this year.


Most definitely. Like you said, when you start off like that you have to beat the teams you're supposed to speak. Yeah, those be the games that you drop off random Monday night you on flight dealing with the Bulls. But listen, Don Mitchell led the Away last night, smooth, easy 36 piece. Since I've been having that conversation, my boy been killing man. I like Donovan. Yeah, I think Donovan Mitchell kind, he's starting to kind of solidify himself as the top two guard in the league. I mean undefeated team getting 36 points last night leading his group. I'm starting to believe it. I mean I don't think my Donovan Mitchell and AE take is too off now. I think it's starting to come to the light. I think ESPN starting to give him some love so Oh yeah, we'll see how it go.


And last night it is on the screen right now, but come on bro. Ja Marin had 2 360 but the one Donovan had last night is crazy bro. That's insane to do that in a real basketball game. Like driving through the middle, switching hands. That's nuts. He Must have heard me when I said he ain't, he ain't been getting in his bag lately. His athletic bag. You been disrespect his athleticism. My boy went in the dunk contest. Been playing under the realm. Yeah. MVP Donovan man he, he gotta be a front runner for MVP. Him and Yolk. Nah. Alright, now we hear about this conversation. You said two guard, is he the best two guard in the east? I won't even go in the NBA. Is he the best two guard in the east right now? He's the best two guard in the league right now. Mm. No, that's wild. Forget The east. He the best two in the league. That's wild. Who playing better than Donovan Mitchell? Right Now he's, he's off to a great start, you know what I mean?


Shout to DM man. The real DM, like, you know what I'm saying? But I'm sleep bro. I'm sleep not the, not the best in the league. You know it's still in, but so, and Shay, you know what I'm saying? But he holding it down. Yeah, 45 Last night. Yeah, he holding it down. He leading this team. Donvan. Mitchell's not better than Shay. Shay Gilchrist. Okay, so who's our top three? Because we, we ain't even mention book At all. I I've already said it. I don't book who? Oh, Who they used to play for? Quin Booker T. Oh he talking about Deb, Deb Book. Shout to Michelle Bill. We love, we love Devin Booker but top three not right now. Ooh, That's tough Rally bill.


Not right now. It's, It is, it is low. They low. Okay. You know what I'm saying? They in that top 10 for sure. But it is, it is led by Shaa and, and Donovan. I give it to Donovan for sure Now a lot of talk been on the internet, you know what I'm saying? Hey don't forget they point guard he killing too. Gigi going crazy. They saying who's the best guard on that team between the two? This is Donovan bro. Oh, It's Donovan, okay. Darius Garland, Indiana kid. But Donovan Mitchell is is the one on that team. How crazy would it be for them to start the all-star game together? I mean obviously I know it takes a lot to get to that point, but that would be crazy if somehow they progressed all the way through and they start the all-star game together. That would be fine. Well If they keep going and and kicking ass the way they are then you can't deny it.


Nah, you can't. I hopefully they go on a run where they win 15, 16 in a row and then we had to talk, we start talking about are they one of the best teams to ever start like this? I mean obviously they are right now, but what the Warriors go like the warrior I, we'll have to check it up offhand. They was close near the double, like they weren't in the twenties by this point, but I think they was. Yeah they, they was crazy. But they had multiple of those runs when they were this, it was 24. They started off 24. Oh Jesus Christ. 24. I knew it was around the 20 mark but that's, but then they had another insane run too after that. So I don't know. That's a different team though. 24 Oh is crazy. It is crazy. But didn't y'all have like a whole month where y'all didn't lose a game basically? Yeah that was like shit, we went 18 though.


That's tough. Player of the month and shit like that. Are you player of the month? Turn me up. Was our team was? Yeah they went as a unit. We did. So who got that trophy at the crib? I got, I got one. Okay. I mean I was player of the week. I was player of the week during that week too. Some of the weeks turn me up. Okay we looking in the best starts in NBA history. The wars was 24 and oh obviously they lost the finals. The rockets was 15 and oh in 93, 94 they won the Washington Capitals 1948. Jesus Christ. Who the hell was born there? The Cap? Yeah, that don't count bro. Yeah, bill Russell. That was before Bill Russell bro. He said it was born there. Yeah, I don't know where they was playing them games at. Boy. I'm sure it was some crazy fans in that.


Oh 2 0 3 Ma. They went 14 and oh they definitely lost in the conference final. But yeah, I mean Collibra's right there almost in the top five. All they gotta do a strings together. A couple more wins but they got a couple tough games coming up. They gotta play at Philly and the Celtics next week. 98. 98 Hawkshaw. Look at my boy Steve Smith. Okay. Was that Mookie Blaylock? I don't know who was over that tail. I gonna go with mbo. RRP Had to be RRP Peter. A legend. Legend. I know he was on that squad 98. That's crazy man. Listen, we gotta keep showing love for the calves. They handling the business and they're doing it the right way. The Bulls, we'll talk about them a little bit later but obviously I think that's gonna be a team that they gonna have to just go ahead and Yeah, go ahead and blow it up.


Yeah man, let let people fly bro. Get these sweepstakes man. Yeah go ahead and blow it up. Say Cooper flagged the shot rack to Chicago. I I like Ace better in Chicago. You said what? I like Ace better in Chicago. Okay. I mean they just drafted a kid that kind of similar to not Ace, he's not as good as Ace or Cooper was a dude named Matis or something. Yeah, I know you talking about Zuto. Yeah. Signed with Reebok. I Think Ace is just ready. He signed with Reebok? Yeah he Signed with Reebok. He's a lead. Oh. That's why right now Ace coulda went to the league this year. Most definitely. If you get an opportunity to get him you, you don't worry about who your roster. You make that play. Yeah. Yeah I met him and Cooper. Yeah they both NBA ready. They was ready for sure. Man. Shout to the Cs holding down and be back tonight man.


First game gets some Knicks man. How y'all feel about this matchup? First time we get to see him bead and PG together unfortunately you see Maxie still out. I wanna see him. B verse Kat That's matchup. You looking to see Yeah. Yeah I remember those days. Yeah that's when to a t. All this first concussion. I ain't no concussion. You see how a manhandled pause MB threw mb, he Grabbed mb that fell to the ground and hit his head. You Crazy. Here I threw MB weight room. Huh? Wrote a clip Luis. I ain't gonna lie. I said nigga just grabbed one of the biggest people in the league. He played crazy out there. I was what? I think he was locked in but the whole thing I was locked. I was laughing the whole time.


Like in my head I'm grabbing like calm down bro. Like what you on? He like clapping this shit. I'm laughing like he, he comical bruh. I rock with NB though. He funny For sure man. How do y'all expect this team to respond? You know what I'm saying? First game back pg obviously with him. What do y'all expect to see? I don't know if they get a dub and I guess Nick, they're looking for a win. Bad. Well both of 'em are but what do y'all expect to see outta this team? I don't know. I just want to see how him and PG mesh together. Okay. You know I wish Tyree was there, you know what I mean? They crashed my boy out but I'm interested to see how them two figure it out tonight. It's a big game to figure it out too. I wish they was playing the Hawks or something but this Little tune up game.


Yeah because I think, I honestly think B might try to go at your boy. I think he gonna try to kill Kat. I think he gonna be on a minutes restriction 'cause I mean he probably gonna play four or five minutes at a time. I don't think we're gonna see much out of him. I mean he liable to kill still but I don't think we gonna see much. I think the Knick's gonna beat him but I'm, I'm, I wanna see PG be more assertive and more aggressive. Mm. I think PG need to have one of them nights where he go for 30, 35. Yeah. Yeah. And B gonna do his thing. He probably still get 20 and 10 in limited action but PG gotta go off. He gotta go crazy. We can't be dependent on Jerry McCain even though he been hooping can't depend on him to be the third option on that team.


Yeah, that's really interesting that you say that. I was, I was just thinking about who they have available and how they should run. Obviously a lot of more open shots gonna happen with him B getting back. But facts just to assess that they run. I know we gotta see Tyrese back but like you said you got capable guards who can run offense. Let him get some but PG has to be ultra, ultra aggressive for this to work. Yeah. Now for the Knicks, you know what I'm saying? They, they looking like they need to dub what they need to do tonight. Take care of business. I dunno. I dunno. They play, they play that chemistry out though. Yeah they played well last night. I mean when they played the Pacers they had a, they scored the ball well they probably got a guard man. Yeah they lost a game right. Yeah. I'm my fault I forgot but I mean Pacers every, every squirrel Find a nut Eric. False third to east.


Hey man, Third to east. That's The weakest saying. Nah it's supposed to be every blind. A blind squirrel could find a nut but I ain't wanna call 'em blind. Ain't wanna do that 'cause I ain't want to offend nobody but every squirrel dude though. Every squirrel, every Nick it doesn't matter. Oh man that nigga is comical. He messed us. He butcher that. I ain't butcher. I about to say a squirrel could follow up but I about to be like damn, I ain't wanna say That. It's what it is bro. But every squirrel that I be sure everybody gonna get a win one day. Love. Who you wanna love? Nah, the mix. The Knicks gotta figure it out though bro. They gotta figure it out. It is. It is still we it is still early for them too but they in more trouble than the Sixers are.


Let JB Cook, that's what the needs to happen. Let JB Cook. Y'all were successful. Y'all let JB Cook, they gotta find some rhythm with they two and three guard two or three like Miles, bridges gotta figure out his role on that team and og he gotta be a little more aggressive, you know what I mean? Yeah Like he played well against the Pacers but they gotta be a consistent thing. Yeah they have a lot to figure out. You caught him my Miles bridges. That was funny though. Markel Bridges got figure Markel them bridges them twins. Yeah. Evil twins skis. But yeah they shout out to my rap. I'm just call him the rapper Miles rapper. They need a real two guard on that team. And that's what they probably should have kept Vin Chin on me.


We farp on it enough. We ain and go back from that point. But they need a real two guard on the team trying to make a small 40 0 2 on that team. The spacing hasn't been the best. And again the ball needs to be a JB Hands. They're successful as every time he gets to every time somebody else get going they haven't been winning the game. So figure it out. Get well soon. Thunder beat the Clippers yesterday. 1 34, 1 28 SGA career high 45 piece. Something crazy yesterday. That's his only, that's his career high. 45. 45. I'm so shocked. He average 30. I wonder how many like above 30, between 30 to 40 point games he has because I I agree he's always above that Mark. So for him to only have that career high is crazy. The average 30 and only have 45 1 of your career high. It's crazy. Yeah you consistent as hell.


Elite. That's why I can't put Donovan above him bro. It just, shit just different bro. Shit Different. Donovan been doing it longer But for the time that Shay been in the league compared to Donovan's time in the league and that gap. Shay, Shay get my vote every time bro. Donovan ain't never been in no MVP talks. He is right now Wake up in the Morning, hit my knees and I Pray you gave it to him Shaq but still ain't Nobody else. Even Sha Ain't nobody else gave it to him though. For real. Shoulda have got MVP last year. I'm still shoulda. Yeah I'm still on that way too. Come on man. I love Diamond but I'm asleep bro. Nah he should, he should have been MVP that was my vote last year. But who am I?


I shaking that that hitting that crash out for the game All's like him and Dom. But listen man, they they, they gave you a little help last night. I know man. I some, some people sold it was cool. Who sold? We we get there. We we? Yeah we're good. Good. Well up Number Cam Thomas. Cam Thomas sold we we here him having 17 piss me off yesterday bro. Big game Kim. My phone was Blowing up bro. How Much did you need him to Have? I think I needed him to have 30 bro. So we was 13 away but you know it's okay bro. Everybody bound to have a bad game. We 13 away. Best up the church money on the Monday. It's all Right. I can't wait to one these parlays hit man. They're never gonna hit. Tell they're never gonna hit.


We on Jackings every day until it hit baby. We check the hit check out my parlays. I got the realist. Nah, Fuck outta here. What's the team parlay? Nah, I only bet Endgame shit. Are you live betting? Yeah. Okay. I can tell y'all who gonna make a assist to To who? The first play of the game Because he's rigged. Check in with me. He got the script. Yeah I won a hundred every time I did that. Don't worry about it. Respect While he was playing Team Quarter. Hey they ain't catch me. They caught him Wake up In The Morning hit. That was before Draft Key but hey if SGA Killers getting a season, y'all think he getting EVP? No. Nah. Wanna give it? That's crazy. They don't want give it to him bro. Yo. Yo. I feel like that's not fair yo. The shit he did last year is still didn't get it.


Yeah but Yolk is, come on man. You ain't win last year. You ain't gonna win this year brother. It's pretty much over with Donvan, Mitchell and Yolk. So what would he have to do to get EVP this year if they finished top 1, 2, 3 in the west. He average 30 plus again. Like what has to happen for him to, to be the circumstance They be yo has, They would have to be one and two. Yo. You have to get hurt. Yeah. Damn. I see that too though. That's crazy. I don't want him to get hurt. They asked Yoko's coach last night like why are you playing him so much? He said, do you see his paycheck? Fuck outta here. Facts Making 60. Here we are. Yeah, I tried to vouch for you nasty but Lord what would you do with 60 million a year?


Who me? Yeah. I don't know what he making. I'm just out Number. Yeah, 60 million. Well we'll have a safe freak off just to, just to get the party started, you know what I mean? How safe, What is a Safe freak off? You know, like I Know this is, This was a five 20 event. Yeah because consent only and I got 60 million so y'all can keep your phones in your hands. I don't even care. You know, sometimes, you know, sometimes I been to a party where you had to throw your phone in the bucketing. Nah. Oh you bid. I been to one. I'm not gonna say he did.


I didn't. No, no, no I didn't. I didn't didn't it to the dealer. But I have been to one. I have been to la Shout to my do o' Neil James. We did go to one of those


parties. When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry From way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop with Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what's your Restrictions and limitations. Apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank NA member FDIC.


Hey guys, it's Lance Bass from Frosted Tips AJ McLean and I recently hit the Vegas Speedway to test drive the Hyundai Ionic five in before the iHeartRadio Music Festival. We have an awesome episode, recapping our experience out. Now take a listen and thanks to Hyundai from making this possible, We got to do a timed race between the, the two of us. He Might have beat me by several. I won although I did hit more cones. It's okay. Wait, that doesn't disqualify you. I think it Disqualifies. No, I mean look, you know what it, it's like, it's like splitting hairs. Here. Let, let, let, let's just not be that. I think I deserve another 10th. Did I hit a cone though? Oh my practice run. Yes. Still. So then we got to go follow a lead car on the main track. We got the car up to 115 miles per hour, which is the fastest I've ever gotten in my life week. Yeah. Saw I do that on my sleeve. But I did hit it's a very special button in the car. It's a little special red button that the second you press that button, you are literally like accelerating. Full torque, full speed, full horsepower for 10 seconds. 41 horsepower. Yes. Like instantly in like 10 seconds.


This Episode is presented by Hyundai


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times wire cutter Top Kids bike pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes. No code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bike.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot


com. Shout Neil out is crazy. It wasn't real freak off. It wasn't like super super insane but it was up so the first it was up, up it, it was up. Well it a couple drinks. Nah but I'm gonna take care of the fam. Of course you know I'll get my people straight and we going, if I get 60 million we gonna fuck around, be somewhere else at five 20. But then we gonna celebrate it with the freak off though. I'm not going to that J Jeff's gonna help me at assist. No, No I'm not. No I'm not. I won't be at the who gonna be the DJ You?


No I'm not. See the picture DJ Mike? The DJ photographer? No we did him on the camera. We talking back into the lineas. Yeah it's okay. We talk about, we didn't talk about this tomorrow fall to we'll see this ball club. I Respect. So look what happened. We talking about HJ getting mvp. We ain't get a max deal. That's gonna be his last deal. Yeah, Mv sha come to the party, It's Gonna be worth it baby. No ain't that mvp. Feel a cadaver. Oh man y'all are crazy. Wake up every morning, hit my knees and I pray. Said I hit the lottery. Red Red. Alright listen man. Okay C nine two right now they gonna be without check for maybe about at least eight to 10 weeks.


What does the team need to do to stay going forward? Man, I don't know. They gotta figure it out Bro. They gotta get hartenstein back. Okay so he should be back in a couple weeks Right. They I get him and get him adjusted to everything going on at OKC. They still got enough talented pieces to be winning games. Obviously you see what Shay did last night but he gonna have to go into ENBP form like he did last year and start killing, obviously he started with this 45 point game but he gonna need a lot more of those. And Hartenstein coming back Hartenstein, however you wanna say his name when he come back he gonna feel the little void not having shit. For sure. And I only reason I asked about the MVP in closing is because if he carries in without Chet like it is gotta be more respect because obviously I mean they gave him a lot of respect for being very, very good last year.


But, but if he carries his team bro with virtually no relative help or another potential all-star for a long time bro. They gotta show him some love bro. Yeah I mean they stay top two, top three in the east. I mean west I think you'll get that. I think so. Most definitely keeping it in the west yesterday. Kings verse Spurs man Spurs got the win 1 16 96. Wemby had 34 yesterday. Yeah he woke up, it hit six threes he woke up. That's crazy bro. I think he been struggling this year. Yeah bro. He needed a game like this. He woke up definitely. Hey man, the way that he plays basketball so crazy 'cause what other player you know can get you six blocks and six threes bro. Like it's just unreal. Like he ain't even really figured it all the way out yet.


And what he does bro it is gonna get spooky bro. I think. I kind of think he's figured it out. He just having a little a rough start of the season. Like you could see it in the Olympics last year. Well this year. I mean he was doing his thing bro. He ready to you know turn the corner for sure. But the team's so sad bro. It's hard bro. Maybe he just tired of playing with these sad motherfuckers bro. I was, I was about to say the Difference because we don't know his personality for real And I think he's like, I think he a winner for real. You know what I'm saying? So it's probably a major adjustment for him coming to playing with a pitch sport team like that bro. Yeah he competitive as hell. You can tell for sure. So yeah I mean the way he talk and way he shows on the court that he wants to win.


He's super competitive like you said but moments like this is that we what we expect from him six blocks. Six threes, he is like got a unreal talent is length his size pauses. That's nuts. No that was crazy. You good. The the alien that he is unicorn whatever you wanna call it is unbelievable bro. Yeah the crazy part about it is like it's cool that he ain't play with nobody that he really care about right now. So bro run it up bro. Go crazy. So then when you get with all the talent you need to win bro they gonna instantly go into championship mode bro. But he, he definitely going through a little bit of a sophomore slump but damn that roster gotta get better man. Yeah they owe win be something bro. Yeah He and I mean you gotta, I'm not saying he rookie you rookie duties but you gotta go through the storm a little bit.


But I think they, if they don't get no pieces around him soon he'll be asking to leave bro. Nah, he don't have a choice. Gonna say that unfortunate part about Wemby is he will be in San Antonio for another five years. For sure. Yeah. Why bro? Max. Max he gonna be there everything. He got two more years. He gonna be there for another seven at least. Yeah he he's getting to Max deal for sure. They getting eight years outta that man. I mean does he have but he don't have to stay though if he No, no he don't have to sign that. If he don't want 12 or two Years he gonna turn down five. He gonna be a restricted, he be Restricted Wear if you restricted they can match it. You can't, he not leaving. They're not giving him a chance to. He gonna get every penny cent in the world from that team. Oh man. I hope so. But we Know how it goes.


You signed that rookie extension and then you ask the Trey he gonna sign that but Smile be happy one year. Yeah getting re they gonna bring some pieces in there. They gonna get another nice draft piece. They already got Stefan cast, he's gonna be a good player. They gonna get one more piece and they gonna build. He is good. Yeah they gonna build off that. Nah he nice. Yeah they will. They will move that team before they let Wemby do. They ain not bullshitting bro. They showing up a market bro. That's a market that love basketball. I mean we don't like the Spurs that much 'cause they're little bit boring but they got a tradition of history. They fans spend that paper. They ain't letting that go down. That's crazy. But Amen The Kings what we doing? I told y'all we doing man 10. Nah hell nah.


What do you think? Are they a playoff team? Yes, let's just start there. Okay. Play in or play off. Play in off. Okay you going play in. You gonna play off okay. Yeah Bro. What we even talking about them for? Like what we doing? Why are we disrespecting them Bro? Time for 10th Right now bro. I'm just saying still the jamboree feeling right now bro. Come on man. I Mean it's up where I'm at. Wow. In Cleveland we we we up Cleveland we feel like a jamboree. Okay we Having a ball. Okay. Told you Tebow Jeremy Lynn. That's the Lynn sanity. So alright, let's for the Clarity key sanity, Who are your team for this season?


We got the Cavs That's saying I nigga gotta do Been my team. I told you I went Kenny, I showed y'all want Kenny K to the team. I said I'm rocking with the calves. Alright, so we got the calves. Yep the Hawks. That's just where I, you know that's where I, my bread was butter, you feel me? Respect. All right. The Hawks, the Celtics. That's just, you know that's where they send me championship gear bro. What y'all want me to do? But Jason already did podcast. We don't got like such no. Oh okay. Sorry JayZ and last but not least Milwaukee, are you locked in or not? I want a chip there. What y'all me to do? Sad bro. What y'all want me to do? Sad. Oh I forgot Minnesota Really Only one. Only one. Minnesota. What about Minnesota?


Okay, Only, only one of your teams is doing good so far. Whoa, Boston and Cleveland. Two of them. So you guys what you two out of four? Damn that ain't bad. Mike messed something up. We gotta make a collab jersey. What he mess up mouth talking can laugh. He over there touching shit. The nigga said freak off stuff got got to moving around over here. We guy freaking Mike What You mess up? Trying to edit. Edit What he mess up? No we live. Y'all asked for this. Are we live Charlamagne? Nah, we probably ain't even live no more way Mike moving. We hit no more hit the knees and I pray. Oh they couldn't see us even worse. Oh man that's crazy.


We are back from technical difficulties. We got a lot of games tonight. The NBA cup, you know what I'm saying? N C's a tournament is back. We're gonna go through some games. Let me know who y'all feeling Hawks at Celtics all Dang Tony piece Conflict fatigue already. I feel like picking my kids man. Wow. Everybody knows be like one kid more than another. My firstborn is the Hawks Got Cathedral verse Hal tonight. I shouldn't ask Be here. Who you got Cathedral? The real Irish Shout to Steven Top Celtic get the Dub Knight. That's what You'all feeling. Okay cool. Pistons at Heat.


I'm gonna take the heat Wrong with the heat. Yeah see I don't care. You don't care. No I'm wrong with the Pisses man. I'm gonna showcase some love man. He been playing his ass off him in the heat. I don't know. They got some stuff to figure out. Tyler Har been going crazy a little bit too. Hornets at Magic Varsity Toy Game. That's the varsity toy Game? Yeah, for Sure. Okay. Mike is fucking shit up over there. Hornets you going with the Hornets? Who you got? I got, I got the Hornets too. You want with the Hornets. All right cool. Knicks at 76 ERs. Wake up in my morning. I got this Hornets. I mean the Sixers. You got the Hornets that game today. Ball playing both. Yeah. I'll take the Sixers. You wanna take Sixers?


I'm gonna take the Knicks man. They should win this game. Raptors at Bucks. Mm that's a good one right there. It is a tube. Your original Woo. Dame Dame get 30 tonight. I Got bucks though. Yeah, the real gd. Yeah gd. GD had 20 though. He gonna get a 20, 20 and five assists for sure. Him and RJ Berryman getting all types of FGA up. I respect it. Yeah, speaking of him. Yeah, the Bucks gonna win that one. Probably Sons versus at Jazz. Oh Like though for us, that's breezy. Easy Breezy jazz. Let's go jazz. Cury Sons about 20. Yeah that's, that's, that's like work you both soon.


Jazz Mavs at Warriors. Clay revenge game. I'm gonna go with the Warriors. Clay gonna try to do too much. No, no this is the Mavs. I run with the Mavs tonight too. Yeah, I want, I want Clay to go in. I want Clay to have 40 tonight do something od and pop your shit's. What I want to happen Mavs tonight. That's a good game. Damn. That's a great game. And last but not least, T Wolves at Blazers. Ah Yeah, that's, it's up. Let's go Blazers. That's up. That's up. Get a Get a hundred points tonight bro. We getting high before the game when we going to crack 'em bro, it's over with. Ain't getting a hundred points. It's crazy. Get a hundred that man, your motivation is nasty. Get a hundred. We gotta score a hundred tonight.


Dang. I just wonder hot man. We need to call Chauncey man. I wanna make sure his head is in the right place man. It is. He Getting paid, man. That's what Mike Mo said about Yoki. He said about Chay we are paying you. Bless you. But I mean I think he, that's hard bro. That has to be a hard job, bro. Well I always wonder this and I mean even I can ask you this as a coach, like when you are used to winning or having successful situations, when you go into another situation where it's like, all right, I gotta teach y'all how to be good, but it is like not resonating for a while. How's that feeling? Because you so used to things going away and you know how you would play in those moments. How is it relating then try to translate that to victory for like your teammates. Yeah, that's the hardest thing to do to try to get somebody to tap into something you truly believe in.


I think you see a lot of potential in somebody and trying to be able to get that out of him. It's, it's kind of tough. So especially if you played at a high level, that's the hardest thing to try to remove yourself from it and then just try to coach what you can coach and coach in that team. He probably gotta remove all his habits that he did. He tried to remove him from himself and try to like embrace everything they going through. Most definitely. And it's gotta be frustrating because like Chauncey was a champion, Chauncey was a successful basketball player, great habits, great player. The way he played was the right way. He probably like, I'm seeing y'all bullshit y'all day to day. I ain't trying to mess up y'all life, but I got the recipe what works and which y'all doing don't work. But you can't, like you say you can't infringe too much. Nah, nah. And I honestly it's a player's league.


Like even like from high school, you can coach as much as you wanna do when a player get on the court players gonna do whatever they want. I can tell you this, this, this, this, this. Like make this happen. Do this, this read right here when they get on the court, oh hell can break loose and they can do whatever they want. They can stop listening. You take 'em out, you gotta sub somebody else in and they might do something else. Yeah. So you gotta have like a lot of discipline with the group and you know that's a young group you got over there. They all still trying to learn how to play and develop to be good players and they all trying to get paid. So when you got a bunch of young dudes trying to get paid, they worrying about their stats and what they could do. Yeah, and that's the same thing about coaching a high school team or a college team.


They all trying to get somewhere they trying to get a scholarship or make it to the NBA. So you gotta find the right kind of kind of guys that fit what you want to do. But Chauncey ain't get a chance to pick his team though. He definitely didn't. No. And I gotta ask this, it's probably an unfair question. Even if you look around with the NFL stuff with Mike McCarthy getting a lot of blame and stuff for the cowboy sucking, can you blame the coach for lack of discipline even though you can tell the coach is doing the best he can to set a coach or they're just not buying in. Like is that a flack more on the coach or is it flack more on the environment or the, the situation that they, the organization is like let go. You gotta put it on the the coach though. Because you can set how you, you can set the standard like this is what we do.


You might take a hit with some of the top players or the people who might not wanna buy in, but you just gonna take that hit. You might have to sit 'em down, but you can't do that in the nfl. People make too much money. But like on a smaller scale, like a high school or a college, you might have to set an example like, all right, he ain't, he ain't buying in. We gonna to go on a different route. And it start with management though more in professional sports like gotcha. The upper management is rolling with the head coach, then you can, you can establish a coach like Pat Riley and Eric Scher. They on the same page. So the heat culture is gonna be a thing like the Bucks. I don't know. You can tell it's a, the owners and the GM and the coaches, they all got something else going on. So yeah, you can tell though.


That's interesting man. You're welcome. Chance you don't deserve this man. The. Volume


This holiday season. Skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop for Lenovo Holiday sale and gift The gamer on your list with the PC they really want with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com now.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple terms starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit SH u.edu today to get started.


Hey guys, it's Lance Bass from Frosted Tips, AJ McLean and I recently hit the Vegas Speedway to test drive the Hyundai Ionic five end before the iHeartRadio Music Festival. We have an awesome episode, recapping our experience out. Now take a listen and thanks to Hyundai for making this possible. aj, please explain what we just experienced. I mean, it has been literally like a bucket list experience for me to go on a track and to just drive fast. And we got to do that today in the new Ioni five N, which literally, It doesn't stand for NC, by The way. No, it does not stand for Nc. I thought it did, but it didn't. It Stands for No. This episode is presented by Hyundai


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa. When she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the stable boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.