
This is an iHeart podcast.


Meta AI is the personal AI that's tailored to you now with its very own app. It's built to get to know you, offering helpful answers and inspiration. Looking for something to add to your bucket list. Meta AI goes beyond traveling the world. It remembers your basketball fanatic and suggests you attend one of the playoff games. Just start typing or speaking to get the answers you need, wherever and whenever, because meta AI is your personal ai. Download the Meta AI app now available on the Apple App Store. And Google. Google Play.


Some stands for So others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic cool Bardstown Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


This Father's Day at Lowe's. Score free gifts for the greatest dad. Right now get a free select DeWalt craftsman or cobalt tool with purchase of a select battery kit. Plus, get a free Warner, two foot aluminum ladder when you buy an eight foot fiberglass ladder. Shop these deals and more this Father's Day at Lowe's. We help you save valid through six 15 while supplies last. Selection varies by location.


The volume. Good morning, happy Saturday. It's five 20 In The Morning of your favorite sports show brought to you by Boo Mobile. We are here to recap game four that took place yesterday in the bridge. Man, the thunder got a W yesterday against the Pacers one. Elevens 1 0 4. It was a hell of a ball game yesterday man. A lot of people thought that the Pacers were gonna close this game out. That is not the case man. OKC got them one yesterday in a bridge. Man. Good game yesterday. I know y'all was tapped in, man. What y feelings about about the game so far? Nah, I like, I liked the game. It was a good game. Okay. I, this game's really been good games to me. I just felt like I really thought y'all was gonna win.


I ain't gonna lie bro. It just got spooky at the end Man. We did not close out man. Teague, how you feeling about the game so far man? Before we get into a deep dive, It was a good game. I thought the picture was gonna take it my, it was playing well throughout the whole game. I don't know, the fourth quarter just kind of got a little, it was a lot of fouls. Yeah. And these men did a lot of fouling math, some fouling at the end of the game, but it was like they clean up them fouls. That should have been a game they should have won. Most definitely. Listen man, as a Patriot fan, I seen a lot of complaints yesterday about the officiating. I think the officiating yesterday both ways was not the best. When I seen Scott Foster was pulling up to the bridge. I see. See the play already man. They was trying to make his goal seven.


I was not a fan of that. But that is no excuse why the Pacers lost that game yesterday like you said. And the fourth quarter we did not play well at all. We'll start on the first half though. It was good. But both ways, both teams are going back and forth. You got good contributions from both benches this time we talked about it. Bench wins the games. Alex Ruso Hooped out yesterday had a smooth 20 piece over Dyer was Bley yesterday for the Pacers. He was, he was really showing up for us yesterday and a game where, especially for the Pacers in, we did not get a lot of contributions on offense yesterday. I know Miles Turner was battling an illness, but he has looked like they shell of himself offensively. Especially what we saw in that Nick series. For sure. If you look at Aren, Nesmith not been the best series for him. He was two for nine yesterday.


A lot of people were calling for Ben Mathen yesterday. It didn't get a lot of minutes and we'll talk about his minutes. He did play. But yeah, I think the rotations yesterday was definitely a downfall to the Pacers loss yesterday. Tyrese had a solid game. I would say great game. The turnovers from him yesterday was crazy. Usually he is zero turnovers. He had five yesterday. You're not gonna win too many games. Your point guard got five turnovers man. Yeah, you, I don't know why I hate that being, I mean being, I hate that Miles don't have a sub man. He needed a breather yesterday. He seemed like he was tired out there. Yeah, he was bad of The illness, his illness. But I just feel he just, I don't know. He didn't have a chance to sit down to catch his breath.


'cause I like being, I'm like damn he wasn't aggressive but I'm like are they telling him not to shoot? Like what is, what's going on? 'cause y'all needed another scoring option. Yeah, I mean we got that double last game because of Bidic Math. Yeah, he played phenomenal last game only got 13 minutes. And again the minutes he did play yesterday wasn't the best. But I feel like early in the rotation we definitely could have got him in the game more. Again, Aren d Smith plays hard defense fought hard, got not rebound. So it definitely was showing his presence on the court. But offensively he did not give us much and we needed contributions yesterday bad from offensive man. Yeah, it's like guys like Andrew Nihar, guys who have really good moments. That's what I was saying about the paces.


They don't have a consistent score, You know what I mean? Somebody's gonna always get 20 points like Benedict Mather, he had that great game. Well we don't expect that from him all the time for sure. He probably capable of doing stuff like that but I don't think he has the opportunity to do that. And that's the only thing that scared me about this pacer team. Even though they're a really good team, you can't depend on somebody to get 20 points every night. Yeah. 'cause even the person we got 20 from yesterday, Pascal, Mr. 20 Knight, he did not have a great shooting game yesterday. He started off hottest in the first quarter. Yeah, but he fizzled off man. He was six or 15 yesterday and majority of that 6th of May field goals came in the first quarter. Tyree was aggressive late in the game, which was cool. One thing I had a real problem with, Tyrese was out too long in the second half.


I get it. I know we six to our rotations. Cool. TJ McConnell did decent yesterday but we needed Tyrese in the game. There was like a six to seven point minute swing where he wasn't in the game and that seven point lead we had going to the fourth was gone like that. And OKC turned up in that situation man our rotations weren't the best last night but cre, KC, they played good basketball yesterday in the second half. They were really pressuring the ball. Say what you want to about fouls. That's a scapegoat. Everybody gotta play with officials both ways. I don't think we lacked too many foul calls yesterday. Even though it was Scott Foster. I think the SGA push off on knee Smith could have been offensive foul. Cool. But you still gotta win a basketball game. You had a league, you had everything you needed to win this game and Y'all was letting Jaylen Williams get his shit off yesterday.


Yeah, his game travel, he played well both these games on the road. Yeah, he's real comfortable in the bridge bro. 26 last game. 27 last night. Eight for 18. And again he did miss up the free throw line. We neither did SGAI think in the first half he had two free throws. He ended the game with 10 so that means he got eight free throws in the second half. And if you look at the Pacers yesterday, miss free throws unforgivable. You are in the N NBA Finals regardless of what's happening, how you feel about the physicality, you have got to hit at the charity stripe and there's a possession man that we just legitimately missed three or four free throws. It was just like Pascal smoked some then Obie missed two when we got the flagrant. It's like you have to capitalize on those moments. OKC only hit three threes yesterday.


Yeah. Yeah they played, they shot terrible from the three point line. Horrible. But Benedict came in and missed some some tough free throws. Oh man. When Ben came in the game man that that's why I said it sucks. It had that representation for him. He came in and missed the free throws that we needed. Yeah. On top of that, those two dead ball fouls was got them extra possessions. Yeah because they gave us turnover do we had a chance to capitalize and we just didn't do it. Yesterday me and the game was in within reach and we did not execute yesterday. Me and Mike was sitting here and I'm like the purchase gonna win. It's too close. These the kind of games they win and when they got that foul when he was out of bounds and they get the ball free throwing the ball back, I was like, oh shit over now Man. I just don't like that y'all play with his minutes like that.


He can't, to me like, and I don't know but I feel like you can't get in the groove. Yeah like if you just really don't know like your role on this team like any given night. 'cause even when he kill, He only play 20 minutes. He only play a couple minutes. So like bro said you can't really depend on him to go crazy because shit, he ain't been able to go crazy like all year. 'cause it ain't, it ain't been comfortable for him Most ever end out to You know make excuses to their professionals. This is what they're called to do. But if you don't play a whole halve and you gotta come in hear free throws in the clutch moment. Yeah that's a lot to ask. Yeah, Nah that's very much so a lot to ask. I'm just surprised 'cause he is the third leading score on their team and it's like why he on play Like Nobody ever has an answer for that.


Like that is insane to me bro. And I feel like ain't like he coming in there like destroying the game like y'all need his offensive. You know what I mean? It Pascal and Tyrese ain't giving it to you. That's your put your guy in man. Let him rock Outside of Pascal. He is the only pacer who can confidently get his own bucket. Iso. Yeah that's legitimately outside of him. Nobody else can get an iso bucket. Even with Tyree last night, I think Ben can No's what I'm saying. He is outside of PAs. He's the only other person who you can get a ball to and get a bucket by itself. Everybody else you have got to create, create, create. And I think that second half, like you said a lot of people weren't making shots, a lot of people weren't aggressive. So when Tyrese is coming off that corner, yeah he got a couple of nice lays but it wasn't no space to get no passes off.


And we know he is a pass first player. It got wicked yesterday. Gram did a good job when he switched on Tyrese at the end making him go left and Tyrese was trying to get back to that right to the point he couldn't and he had to shoot a air ball set back three. I'm like that's good defense by Chet and like a play before Shaa was guarding and he hit Shaa with the right hand, got right to the basket, laid it in. Yeah. And I'm like man y'all gotta make that adjustment on Tyree like when you get in the isolation situation with him, you gotta see him left even though he capable of doing his step back through or whatever it is. But if you let him get to that right hand man Yo the vibes. Yeah and Che did a good job down the stretch when he switched on him not letting get Right.


My boy Che was crashing that glass too last night too. Most definitely. Very aggressive second chance points. Especially in the first half. Yeah we seem to be playing very well. They stayed in the game 'cause of second chance points also I gotta show some love to SGA 35 yesterday he pretty much outscored Pascal and Tyrese. So when one superstar is outscoring your two people you need to win. It's a recipe for disaster as well for him man. Yeah because they didn't get nothing from Hartenstein last night. Nah, definitely just in the way a lot of the time like Yeah but you look at the mental, I mean you look at the stats yesterday for Chet, I mean you getting 14 to 15 of NBA FINALS game you you playing ball, you playing ball and we are not a good rebounding team at all. So definitely impose his will yesterday like we asked for Miles yesterday offensively he's been struggling but You know that defensive energy, it wasn't there yesterday.


That Putback dunk, that check guy was a big play. Yeah Big play Because that was like if he, they would've missed it. I mean obviously they missed that shot but if he didn't get that putback dunk that game was over. Mm I I'm rolling with that. Yeah I felt like he possess for sure because some of the shots, even SGA the shot he hit down the stretch that three was like a last second. He capable of making that shot but they had a good defensive possession like most definitely and he hit a tough three and then that that shot he hit over Nihar the step back where he almost fallen tripping or whatever. Them just tough makes right there. That's a tough mate. Yeah another possession too. Even though fans was upset about it may being a little pushed there, that drip of head off a miles to Tyrese and Lou do blitz and got that.


Yeah Man that that sparked a, that sparked the energy in that team. All they need is one play they trucks in the water of the blood man they are definitely going to get to that basketball in defensive end man. Man shout out to the thunder. They endure it. They did what they're supposed to do and they got a win on the road man. Hell of a game. Alright we'll hop in to Super chat for a second before we be talking anymore. Humble Webb said Miles Hunter is selling what's going on? He nervous. They said my boy has been sick. It is been evident he hasn't been playing like the miles we're used to seeing but it is NBA finals. It don't matter. You gotta catch it up for show or Young Duc the super chat says Jeff, who would you rather have as Ja guy, your team Caruso or TJ Nash? Shout to LD Williams. Caruso? Yeah Caruso. Shout to TJ N he Went crazy yesterday.


Come on man. We talked about they bench not showing up. He showed up yesterday 20 piece. He wasn't guitar at all. No you can't even pass the ball to the opposite side of the court with him bro. That's a couple of tigers turn like why do y'all keep playing with him bro? Yeah He had a huge steal on Pascal. Pascal drove it and he spun. He came and jumped up and knocked the pass now like he makes some unbelievable plays and then when he's scoring That's a bonus Man. What? That Is a crazy bonus to get a dub too. Yeah He earning his money for sure. Yeah Most definitely man. Like you said he's out scoring stars on the other side that ain't supposed to be accounted for and he blitzing. Shout to Caruso man playing good basketball for show


The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance so we can play some bets on these games man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA for show. We ready to tap in man what you got for me That five to get $300 in bonus bets man $5 gets you $300 in bonus be if your bet Wins. Yeah I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on You know what I'm on. I'm gonna use that bonus bet to put it in for my 80 pacers. We going get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time betters on DraftKings. $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings put in promo code club five 20. That's again promo code Club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me but hey you beat that $5 and you get $300 back on that bonus bets for sure. Only on DraftKings the crowd is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio


Meta AI is the personal AI that's tailored to you now with its very own app. It's built to get to know you, offering helpful answers and inspiration. Looking for something to add to your bucket list. Meta AI goes beyond traveling the world. It remembers you're a basketball fanatic and suggests you attend one of the playoff games. Just start typing or speaking to get the answers you need wherever and whenever because meta AI is your personal ai. Download the meta AI app now available on the Apple App store and Google Play


Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us, they are Washington. DC


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide and every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more to discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Hey, so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool Rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans degrees. Hold thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Oh Dmitri the super chat said low versus be he in a good ass matchup. What y'all think? No It's not. Shout out to Low shout to Low. Going to 6 6 0. Oh yeah it is Christmas. Shout to low. It Is Christmas low on those smoke at all in that situation. Von Murphy the super test said SGA had a highlight of push offs Miles Turner. Shit the bed as one of the leaders of the team loved the pod. Yeah, SGAI mean listen bro, that's his game. He's a strong person. You gotta play basketball the best way gets in bro. He's one of the best in the league. All the counters, he's just strong bro. That's true. Yeah I I can't be mad. Ain't no pushing off these grown men playing physical basketball. You can only do what you can do. And they played good defense for the most part.


I mean yeah he had 35 but Angenette Park played good defense. If somebody like that you're not going to stop for sure. He's 18 and seven. Just not going to cut it for Tyrese in this series bro. That's a cool game for somebody else but for him. But that's his, they need 25 bro. That's his norm though. That's what he average 18 and 11. What is? Yeah but they need him to, to damn near be 25 bro. You know what? In this game I'm not gonna put too much on him because in the fourth quarter he did show up like he's supposed to. He hit, did hit Tommy Buck's, got the energy going again. The five turnovers is what I have a problem with 'cause a couple of those should be assist. But those turnovers were definitely terrible plays for sure. Yeah but nobody else in the offensive end showed up yesterday for our team and that's really what my problem is. Elise hit a couple shots that keep going.


Everybody can't have a bad game like you said we are a team, team team so that means everybody has to be solid. If you having that many people slack off, you are definitely going to lose against the team like OKC. Yeah, most definitely.


But before we get more into the breakdown man listen man we know follow this date. It's tomorrow. I know y'all last minute. Y ain't got no gifts. Look no further. Tap in with Ridge man ridge.com Club five 20 use that promo code, get him this wonderful wallet here. You know the vibes with the ridge man. One thing I like about this outside of it being able to hold 12 cars, it's got the air tag spot here so a lot of us be losing our wallets. We be moving around. You can tap in man you gotta have that more yell. You ain't trying to get hacked man. So shout out to Res tap in, get your father a nice gift man. It is tomorrow for your last day people. And listen man, the RFID technology, it stop you from getting wiped down, You know what I'm saying? The scammer's going crazy. You gotta go make sure you protect your money man. You got, you got yours on deck be. I know you be moving around man. For sure man. Rigg is the best thing to happen to me. I usually keep all my cards in my socks so because I don't like bulky Wallace so Ridge is definitely suitable for me With the air tag. I definitely had to use mine 'cause y'all know I'm known for leaving my wallet. I done left it on a plane, I done left it everywhere. So if somebody CT they might want to skip me and stand next to him. Yeah Because I The air tag RFID holding down. Yes Sir. For sure because I definitely be losing my wallet. So Real just the way to go Father's Day Club five 20 promo code Get you a little something like that. Yeah man we should use it from Malcolm Weed in New York man we wouldn't even had those issues. We just circling around trying to get my boy wallet back man. Yeah He lost his in New York Scam us at the time. Back Scam man. They had, they followed his day weeks Ago man. They went crazy. Shout out to Ridge man. We appreciate y'all in the super chat again.


Pat Lucas said last two 30 minutes had me sick. Yeah man that sucks. I ain't gonna hold you for as good as he played the game before last. It looked like he had a complete meltdown at the end man. And that is more ammunition for Rick not to play him but we need him to win this series man. His offensive contributions is the reason why we even got to the final verse of Nicks. You gotta let my boy cook man. It is a sad moment but as a whole we let, we lost that meltdown. Can't just blame him. Nobody played the best yesterday so shout out to Ben Mather for sure. See Mitch said best pot out man Love from Delaware. See Mitch, appreciate you man. Shout to Delaware for sure. Ain't that where Dante dip Che go from? Yeah Okay. They call him the Michael Jordan of Delaware. Respect. Wow.


Shout out to Delaware man. Love local setting. Super chat. Y'all think it's crazy to say that Sean Lisett is one of the greatest mid range shoot of all time. No Jeff and Mo, how was it to guard him? It was like guarding a post player. Mm, he played and after his injury, You know he couldn't move like he once did. He became a post player shoot mid range shots. I mean he's like six seven so that ain't really foreign like for him to post up. But yeah he had an unbelievable turnaround jumper though. Yeah. Big reason why they won that championship also. Yeah, Golden say most definitely. Especially that first one bro. Yeah Mid range is the elite shot to sign Ton man won of the best of the Midwest for sure. Alright man. Game four, it's over with Game five going back to OKC tie series.


We got the momentum so Okay. You feel you feeling high with, with your thunder right now? Oh yeah. OKC by 20 for this, this game. Five Built to ass. Yeah. Yeah I, I've always expected that we would probably lose game five. I think the biggest problem that I have is that, You know what I'm saying? You had to win yesterday. You had to win yesterday. That's a win you gotta have 'cause yeah I gave him too much cushion but I I I do think it'll go seven. I want it to go seven man, I thought it was a must win for Indiana last night. Hmm. I'm a little nervous. I, I want the Pacers to win. I mean for the city. I don't care who win honestly. But the city has been cool. Last night was a cool vibe downtown.


Yeah. Yeah That was a must win for the pace. It's gonna be tough to be OKC game five. That Was the most important game to y'all. Yeah To me. Yes because now you have to go win another game at Okay C It don't matter. Yeah you gotta win. You Have to go win another game. Okay so you Do. Yeah I don't, That's tough. Like I ain't, I ain't countless out but to go win game five, that's going to be a tough TA now Scott Foster better not be there. I know that damn much. Nah you can't, you can't do back to back then. Yeah. Or Zach Z But don't send Zach either. Shout my dog but sit this out. We don't need none of that energy man. Give us a a better officiating Crew. Oh man I'm scared of Tyree bro. The game seven in there. Yeah I'm just saying. Okay see they got it. You got the wings bro. The wings is My boy is the Angels is flying high above him bro.


That's how we seen in in Game seven. You know what happened, You know what I'm saying? Walk him down. So I'm saying bro that'll be fire if it go seven and the Pacers win but You know what I'm saying, I ain't gonna lie. It's gonna be tough to beat them twice. Yeah. Yesterday was a game like you said how game one felt for them. That's how game four felt for us. Like oh we should have had that. Yeah we should have closed that game out and we didn't play the best and neither day. But you gotta go get a win like that. KC is not finna hit three threes game five Not at home. Them game slider's about to be up bro. Not at you. About to get Isaiah Joe with three threes. He's about to get Caruso with three threes Wigs Go get Some love. Come on Aren Wig is about to go in and get 18 again. Oh No y'all, I mean if it goes seven I'm I'm scared of that nigga right there but I think, I think it's gonna go seven I think OKC win this game I think per come home and win.


Okay. And then the game seven, you never know what can happen. Right. Yeah I think they got a closer in Tyrese but they got a closer in SGA. Yeah but it's just tough to win on The road. Battle benches game seven man. Tough to win on the road. I I would imagine it wouldn't be that much bench play in game seven seven. You gotta ride You, You gotta ride with your horses bro. This is a legacy game. No, you gotta ride. I'm, I'm not putting my hands, My head the top. Y'all not sobbing. No bro. We gonna get a little bit of a breather but Game seven them can't get in. It's for all the marbles bro. This is a legacy game. I don't, I can't see Tyres now like he did game four that long.


I was even surprised KC coach when they took SG out in the fourth, You know what I'm saying? He got that four five. I was just like he ain't call, I took him out for like 38 seconds and did I seen him walk up and he go back to the pitch, he went and sat back down. He was like, now I'm going back in this game. I was like, oh yeah they really about to give us this game. You gonna give us two minutes, let the SGA nah he did the right call. Yeah and ain't none of that. We get to a game seven. No subs. No subs gonna be hard. Y'all, y'all going to have them out there sweating and breathing hard. I don't give a damn. It's one game. It's one game Love. It's the last game of the season. It's for all the fucking marbles bro. You cannot bro get your little Gatorade break bro. You got halftime for a reason. Lock in bro. Alright, So who is y'all starting five for both teams at the end of the game, the last three minutes of the game, who is your five?


The game is close. The game is close. One point. It could be either team up. Well right now for the Pacers depend upon how Miles Turner's playing. Obviously he deserves to be in that moment. If he's having a a struggling offensive game, you damer kind of go oby because o's been rebounding just as well as typically Miles does in that situation. And he's giving us a little bit more of a spark as far as put backs and roles and stuff like that. But I'm gonna trust my starters bro. At that moment they've got you here this far, they've proven they can play in the moment. I'm gonna give 'em that chance to win a game. So If Ben is having a great offensive game, do we sit him with, You know, at the end of the game If Ben is cooking like he did last game before he has to be on the court. Okay. Has to be on the court. Now if he's having a a regular game and you wanna go to a starters, I ain't mad at it, but if he's killing you gotta watch a high head bro.


We've seen some unsung heroes, You know what I'm saying? Show up in games we didn't expect him to but I think the starters aren't there. Right. If I'm OKC I'm rocking with my five two, I play my starters. Yeah. Oh man, Maybe Caruso. Yeah Caro. I was sit hard and Stein down. Yeah, I'd probably play Caruso down in stretch though. Okay, I just wanted to ask y'all that. And he's got the experience. He's been in the moment. Obviously he gonna contribute. Come on man. Seven for nine. He was hooping yesterday a 20 piece. Yeah. That hurt y'all. Yeah, I mean it was Outta everything you had to turn out stuff hurt y'all. The game was even sloppy in the beginning of the game, but him having that dub and and Playing defense like he do bro, that that was a, that was a nail of the coffin to me man.


He helped four lot him turnovers man. Him and Lou Dort, no matter what they got scoring they gonna cause havoc for sure. But a good man, good game. Excuse me, Todd Series. Going back to OKC, it will be a tough one on the road. OKC is gonna definitely play very, very hard. I expect the pace to show up but this has been a good series so far man. So we are excited. Hopefully go seven. I would love for it to go six for Pacers, but You know game seven, ain't nobody mad at that at all.


One more time for Boost Mobile Man. You know the vibes. 99. 99 tap in, get you a brand new iPhone 1540 a mega pictures dynamic camera man. Just in time for Father's Day. Tap in. We appreciate y'all.


We'll be back Monday morning five 20 In The Morning. The volume


Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington, dc


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hi, I'm Danielle Official from Pod meets World. So for my two boys, I got Samsung Galaxy Watch for kids. And I'm not saying I'm kind of jealous of my kids' tech, I am saying I am definitely jealous of my child's tech. This thing lets them call, text and explore all from their wrist. No smartphone required. And don't worry, you are still the boss. You control who they can talk to and yes, you can totally stock their location in real time. Get Galaxy Watch seven on T-Mobile. Now Kid ready with a new paired line. Visit T-Mobile dot com to order yours today. Parent and child must have a Samsung account and Google account with Family Link requires initial pairing with a compatible Samsung smartphone and qualifying wireless plan with LTE Service activated. Please check with your carrier for more information. Trusted contact applies to compatible apps. It does not restrict communication through third party or other communication apps. Emergency services and contacts remain accessible. Location sharing is dependent on network connectivity and device being recently active T-Mobile terms via 24 monthly bill credits. When you add a qualifying paired watch line, see additional offer terms on T-Mobile dot com.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering IT pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


This is an iHeart podcast.