
Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task, such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win.


And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education. Employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, na member FDIC.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 Podcast. We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay, it's for clauses to get filled with statement pieces and vintage F or must have sneakers wait for you. And Designer handbags are the real deal on eBay doors. Open to stacks of the rear trading cars and a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do-it-yourself. Job eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


The Volume, Good morning. Happy Tuesday. It's five 20 In The Morning your favorite morning sports show here to keep you updated everything in the sports war, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two esteemed co-host. On my left I got my brother Bishop Penners. To my right, my brother Teague Fellas, good morning. How y'all doing? Good. And Brody, good morning. Good morning. Let's get to it. Nasty. I'm copywriting that. Dang. You gonna put him in a lawsuit after copyright? That's crazy. Putting you in the 360 deal in your own phrase is crazy nigga. Crazy man. But so listen man, before we get to it today, a couple things. Adam Chapter put out not yeah Adam, she put out report today.


The gentleman who hit Trevor Lawrence from Houston, Texas. Me getting my man Aziz up, I forgot his last name. Lemme get his name all the way. Correct. But he got suspended. Three games for that hit. Damn. Yeah, them game checks too, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's tough. Especially I. don Wonder how much he was making. I mean honestly I think he got lucky with that. I think in a different time. Obviously they would've probably been nothing. You know if this was like four or five years back, it'd probably have just been a play on. But man, only three games for the, the reactions that he's got from some of the players. I think that's the crazy part about it is you look at the coaches, you look at everybody else around the league who was talking about the hit that was just like, nah, that's him dirty shit. Yeah that was what's up Boy name when used to crash out on the Lions, the lineman on the Lions.


Oh Dominic Sue? Yeah. Oh do Sue used to Wild Out him. He used to Wild Out. That's my boy Strong man. Strongest as hell now Steelers. Oh James Harrison. Yeah. I still don't want know Smoke man. Nah, hell nah. He one of the strongest people on Earth. And what's crazy is the rebrand for Ryan Clark has been crazy. 'cause when Ryan Clark played football used to, he was a fucking demon. Yeah he used to hit people. Wasn't that a port you out of pocket bro. Free by pulling up. We talking sports. He pulled, Upsy stole yesterday. That boy went back in the block after that. He's gonna block. They talking about hell Debit Jr. Where he went to go tap in to the real hurricane, the freaky bike.


Man, shout the freaky bike man. Hey did y'all see oh OG five 20 alumni Mad Max. Y'all see his PSA yesterday? Oh my God. Shout out to bad banks. Whoever that dude is, he need to pay that weak ass nigga be 10,000 broke broke ass nigga broke with the roaches in the street. Listen, if there's in Memphis you don't wanna owe nobody no money in Memphis is crazy. He fuck exactly where he was at. Didn was about to shout out the block I don got. He was, listen I don't wanna owe nobody no money but one of the people I definitely don't wanna owe is Mad Max Man. Max Facts, he that man his money man. Yeah man we gonna send his get well soon be here his parlay today man. He gotta be able to get paid so you, you working for his behalf bro. Because he gotta pay Mad Max back man. Sure.


Listen man, your temper wolves. Yeah took care of Es yesterday. Belt ass to against the Lakers. 1 0 9 to 80 T always says if you don't score a hundred you don't win. We played a weak team, we still, we still building. So it is what it's man the Lakers man they gotta figure out a combination. Like when Austin Reeves don't play like they ball moving and they combination just don't work. I'm disappointed in Cameron Reddish. I thought eventually something will click and then he would be like an offensive threat and it's like man he can't even score no more. It's kind of crazy. Yeah you know what's crazy, obviously he's still a young player and got some time to turn around hopefully. But it's crazy how the like people are still on the cam trend.


They're just like, it's always gonna be a break out here for him the next time. Yeah and he get halfway through the season but like damn maybe next year type shit. Yeah. Yeah he just, he just I don't know man to be like the scorer that he was in high school and coming with all the accolades and stuff that he had. I just think he have more production by now. He got the skill set. I just don't know why it hasn't clicked yet. Yeah, you're five in the league too. You're 25 years old. That's, that is crazy. I don't even want call it a fall off. It's just that the transition just been a struggle bro. 'cause he was down there a pro in high school. Yeah. Yeah like skill wise. So I don't know what's going on. Maybe he gotta stop going outta LA bro. I don know what it is but if you look at them old tapes, you see like AE Tyrese Max, they talking about who the best player they played in aau.


Yeah it was can reddish. Yeah, easily. That's why it's amazing like to see like the opportunity is there and it just doesn't click For some reason I don for sure And listen man, getting smacked like that against the two wheels is one thing but getting smacked like that and ae only have eight points is crazy. Yeah, that's all said bro. He played a weak team. Boy ain't really, I seen it had LeBron said he wasn't gonna sit out this year. He gonna try to play all 82. LeBron, he the rest a little bit bro. He age is actually catching up. LeBron, it's the first time I ever seen it like that. He's really kind of slowing down and to me, I ain't gonna lie, I think he might retire after this year. That'd be very interesting. I don't know, I feel like LeBron is such a, I don't know, he, he likes attention too much.


I feel like he would glorify, I feel like it would be documented like they would go into it on that. I don't think he would just walk away like that. I think he would have to have some type of rollout. He have a real farewell tour I. don know. I think he wanna do it differently. I think he probably got a documentary going right now and they probably recording everything he doing. Yeah because I can't see LeBron having a year where he just not still like top 20 in the league. Mm. And you can see it slowly like declining right now I can't see him like going next year and being top 30. I can't see. Yeah LeBron can't average 17 in the league. Yeah. I can't see nasty. Yeah I can't see it bro. He can't ever 17 but I, I just think like DJs has a nigga love attention bro.


I think he come on, he gotta go out with a bang bro. I got my boy in the league like I think that was his goal. He got Bronny in the league and now it's time to move on. Do y'all think LeBron cares about no championship? No ain't getting it. He definitely not getting in LA. But you think he he care? He don't bro. I don't think he cared but he, the nigga wanna win. He a competitor at the end of the day. He ain't worked this hard all his life just to go out. For sure. Lose ass nigga. But yeah I don't think it is. Come on bro. You got the league saying Yeah my son not going away bro. It's deeper than the championship bro. I'm trying to run shit. I think bro more focused on like owning the team now.


For sure. I think he making them steps into owning the team more so winning the championship. Yeah, that's why I think it's over. I like you said, I don't think he want to be average, not average but just a Okay. Like a good NBA player but not he always been the best bro. Yeah. I don't think I could see him just being okay. Yeah and listen, there are highlights on LeBron obviously, but I'd be really pissed off to see a LeBron James out here getting cooked by some random seventh and man off the bench bro. I don't wanna see that bro. I, I think he too good for that. I just, him just being like best. He just 40 best player. Yeah he just old bro. It's, it's spooky. Damn. It's what? It's, you know what's crazy man you was talking bad about him last week but Rudy y'all play 80 yesterday.


I mean he still sad bro. Like I said, like Ru Rudy the go-to guy on that team low key. Oh bro. I ain't trying to argue in that game bro. Okay. In that game we spread. Yeah right about 18 but then he had, Rudy had 17 right there behind the pause. Nah yeah I mean that's, we ain't even counting this one. We played the Lakers bro. It's what? It's one more game. Nah and I think I ain't gonna call the Lakers trash but they're not really no contenders bro. It is what? It's listen shooter your campaign. Shout to ae, he gave his homeboy his own PE of his shoe and then they dropped it yesterday which was super fired and then they pulled Up to Arena shout to Full Locker. They went crazy with Adidas and they gave everybody shoes that the game.


Yeah man, cool. Dope Gave people the shoes bro Gave his homie the, they was outside hand out free shoes man. Damn. Ain't that cold ass city. Wow. Dedication. I wouldn't want them motherfuckers. I mean I wouldn't want those my fault Mike. But I lived out there. It's probably negative four man. I used to stand outside for the club bro. Yeah you was thirst. I was. Which you one tremors? Nah, since so I never had to stand outside with a tremors. You had the VIP pass the tremors a sense. I was out there shaking motherfucker. I'm cool bro. Hey what's crazy isso is they used to have the heaters but in the front in the back. Get it how you live for sure. Everything man. But shout out to the marketing campaign man they going crazy for show for ae.


We gonna get it's time for it too though. Damn. Allstar. Look, he was itching me saying that. I'm just saying bro. I have 3000 color waves of the one free for a two. Listen, you would not ruin my dude relationship on this show. Shout to Cam. Shout to JR. We locked in baby. I'm an Under Armour guy. Rock Under Armour. Where my shoes at? Shout to shout out to Fox man. Hey Moore shoes was nice. Oh we, I forgot Irv athletes too. Nah man, we we support Adidas on this show man. He's outta pocket. Yeah I support Adidas when they send shit. I forgot y'all, y'all history in a rap. I would respect that. Yeah for sure.


They fine me man. JR I'm still mad at your ass for that. I know you was part of it. That's hilarious man. But a was a, excuse me Anthony Davis talking about the team being front runners. How do y'all feel about that? Because I agree, you know when the Lakers win we hear all about it. They gonna be in the news regardless. But it seems like it's a totally different energy win or loss. I mean kind of obviously with that team but just see it was like more evident I be talking shit bro. If the Lakers catch a stride bro, they really can make some noise. So I don't giving them hell bro. But they okay ain't gonna be no playing team bro. They gonna make the playoffs. They, I think they have to have another star. Even if they got, I mean granted we always talk about who we gonna move with the role players in that team but they have to go get somebody else in a be a serious contender for me bro.


I I, I'm just not lying bro. They need a star. Yes or a Allstar. He don't have to be a superstar but he's gonna have to be a Allstar type player to help that team do some shit in the playoffs. For real. I mean obviously can they win a round with LeBron James A d? Yes, but after that it is gonna get spooky bro. 'cause all those other teams are really good teams. Yeah and they also got other good players as well. They might not be as good as LeBron ad but they got three or four players that can, that they can't deal with. They need a bonafide score. Mm. Like LeBron still can get you 20 obviously, but he not a bonafide bucket no more. Anthony Davis can get buckets but they need somebody who just strictly gets straight buckets. Yeah. How you feel about, I mean they see B Sam clutch. How you feel about him going back to the Lakers as a possibility?


That'd be hard. Does that help that team? Hell yeah that help? Yeah, anything help Shit they need anything this point. Nah bring be all there. That'll for sure help. Okay. I'd be mad though if I'm him though. Y'all send me out to New Orleans. They sent you to the nice watch. Yeah I'm cool bro. Ain't in a bad city bro. New Orleans a bad city bro. It ain't bad. One of my favorite cities on earth. But if you look at some of the players' history, I, Eric Gordon, IE Zion, some of the people they thought was gonna be around there get to the city and be like yeah I'm dimmer. Cool. Nah bro. Zion went out there and found that big old girl out there. It was cool she had just hit the internet. He wasn't expecting that. He was laying up with her big ass every night. He think Zion was tripping.


He 26 Zion is an all star. No let's not get it fucked up. No for sure. So he didn't go out there and roll his light. That girl alone man. She her talking about she don't work for the Pelican, she gonna put Y on the internet. I don't give a fuck bitch I'm ready to go. She gonna put some research for y'all nigga really gonna turn me up on YouTube so we could get on that shout. Yo I'm just saying it don't matter bro. He don't. Zion is still a killer. New Orleans is not a bad city. They don't go to New Orleans to die but it is what it is. But I had good years out there. Nah they did. I mean a lot of people do die out there though man. Y'all niggas named Eric Gordon. He hated it from the moment he stepped foot in that motherfucker.


Trying to think who had good a successful year out there there nigga Tyson Chandler. Whats the other David West like? They was straight bro. They was I I mean they was in New Orleans. Was Orleans New Orleans? Orleans? I'm thinking bro. Like JR Holiday man he didn't die nigga. Damn he was kind of dead. No bro. He came back to life when he looked 15 when they beat the shit out of the the blazer was who? They had cousins though. They was nice bro. Y'all need strips suck, shit, shit but 80 left. Everybody wanna leave and they got they the nicest people in the world. Nah, I love New Orleans one my favorite season on earth. Nah, they arenas they got the code like they got the gate arena. Yeah and they got cool people that work in the arena.


For sure man. Shout to New Orleans. One of my favorite seasons on


earth. The Embr NBA cup is here and you can win big. Getting in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in a single elimination end season. Turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the Draftking sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the Draft King sports book app and use promo code club five 20. That's right, club five 20 CLUB five two oh and bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. All the Ondraf kings the crown is yours


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from EPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and Knicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit join signals.com today.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from the Today Show. We love this time of year, there's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays.


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Celtics beat the shit out the heat yesterday 1 0 8 to 89. Know he was under underwhelmed but still man it is what it is man. Celtics is going to be there about the rest of the year man. Peyton Prichard six man a year. Why not? Why not? Yeah, he was in 16 off the bench. He killed him bro. Had 25 yesterday man. He nice bro. I knew he was nice as rookie year. I ain't expect. Yeah I kind of expected this. I ain't gonna lie. I never thought he'd get a real shot in Boston though. But they figured it out. I think a lot of people were feeling the same way too early on was just like dang he ain't gonna get no minutes, he ain't gonna get no minutes. And then he signed the extension and then he started killing. They got him on a crazy contract. Wow man. I know, I know you gotta sign that deal. We always say when it's there you gotta take it. But sheesh, that boy probably be getting like 80, 84 years.


80 at least You going on four year 32. Yeah he might be getting like one 20 right now. Shooting 40 something from the three. It might be a different look on a different team though. 16 most definitely. But you know what I'm saying. You they don't know too after they signed they contract you there. I ain't gonna lie. Shoot with shooting travels though. He can do that anywhere. He can shoot the ball. Is he good enough to be a starting point guard in NBA? Yeah he can start. Yeah for sure be him. You a little hesitant. I mean shit. That's your guy man out the pp. I'm just looking at guys that start right now. Tys Jones start. I love Tus but he, him and Tys are very similar. I think he shoots the basketball better than Ty. Ty for sure might be a better decision maker.


Maybe prior floor general. Yeah, probably better Floor general. But he can, shit, he can play a role for sure. Most definitely. I bet. Just a different type of pressure I think when you gotta start in the league for sure. But playing in Boston is that kind of pressure all the time. Yeah but I'm saying I, I'm playing with five other killers. I mean he played 28 minutes a game you send Pritchard to to Toronto or motherfucker to Trailblazers. That's where motherfucker might go and die. Portland. Yeah. Easier, as easy as it is in Boston bro. Most definitely The Olympians and the the superstars and nah, he a killer.


There's no slight like that. I'm just, I think his role will be different. Like we expect more outta you now. We paid you 120 million and you gotta lead this team at least to some victories. I get what you're saying but you can be in a franchise guy. Yeah most You don't think he could be j Jalen Brunson? Yeah he not, I'm not saying he could be Jalen Brunson but I'm saying like a team that is a loaded team. Like if he went to the Lakers, the Lakers would love him. Yeah sure. If he could sit out there and shoot threes. Yeah. Hell yeah. Like I think Drew Holiday is like one of the only type of niggas. Not saying he's the only one but they can go to any team and still play the same way. He's one of them. For sure that no matter what Drew gonna do with Drew I, don know too many players in the NBA. That's not stars that could just go to any team and still give you the same type of quality like from the previous team.


I like that take. I want to ask y'all this 'cause you know you guy Paul Piercers on the internet. He said that Oh a team with a smack last year's championship team. How y'all feel about that? Fuck outta here. He said we'd have got in the head mentally we'd, we'd have beat them mentally. And I'm like it'd been a hell of serious. I ain't gonna say fuck outta here. 'cause you know what, that dude play a part. I mean Jeff played in I don speak on him but shit that mental shit dude. Them niggas talk cash shit. And they had a whip too. They ain't had nobody to guard Kg. Yeah, nah yeah that that always Celtic team had a whip too but been, you know what, because that bitch was crazy too. Yeah but Kendrick Perkins would've got exploit exploited like you gotta think he couldn't guard.


Oh no for Zenga is on the three point line. Al Horford on the three point line for Kendrick Perkins would've been a waste out there. You put KG on for Zenga? Yeah he had to. Okay. But they were just gonna spread 'em out Paul in like driving kick. Mm. Like Paul Pierce was a little older. Ray Allen was a little older. They wasn't in they prime prom. Rondo versus Drew would've been crazy. That's a good match. That's a hell of a chess match right there. Reagan had to play some defense. That's the only problem. Yeah Jason Tatum and JB might cook them. I ain't gonna lie. Jason Tatum and JB cooking Paul Pierce and Ray Allen. Yeah that's Cook. But also to be fair going back the other way.


Paul Pierce is go get 25 for sure. Yeah but Paul Pierce was a little older at that time. Like he still was killing like he killed Kobe and them too. He was killing Yeah Ray Allen. He was 12 in at that point. Yeah, Ray Allen. He was still whooping shit though. I, I got so some love to pop. He still was gonna cook love pop. It was gonna be tough the other way though because having Na guard one of them was gonna be a hell of a day for him. Ray Allen was going, he was gonna have a night. Yeah Tony Allen would've got a lot of minutes in that series. Yeah he was gonna sha guy, Ray Allen, freaky Ray, he was gonna have a night. He was gonna have a night. Well I think they would've been able to hire Ray. Yeah they been able to hire Ray a little bit bro. Oh Derrick White They had they had him. You right. That's person he could have hit on and Derrick White fucking around and go get 15 for no reason saying Ray Allen gonna that team, that team I forgot to hit Leon Po off the bitch Yeah's exposed Now you can't bring, Glen Davis cannot play in that series exposed Rick Green.


PJ Brown exposed pj. PJ is Alonza mourning on that team. I only talked to us in the locker room. Sam Cael. Oh nah Eddie House. Eddie House and Peyton Prichard cancel each other out. That'd been a hell of a series. Yeah that'd been a great game. Hell a series I'm sleep on Eddie house. What Eddie house? Boy that was, that was, nah he ain't doing what Peyton Prichard do though nigga. What? Yeah, yeah Eddie house. Who? Yeah I'd be trying to slide like I'm calling niggas sad I'm not calling nigga we ain't sad bro. I'm saying on that championship run. What? What Payton Pritchard is doing for this CEL team is not what Eddie House was giving that Celtic team. That's all I'm saying.


If you saying that the contribution, that's all I'm saying Contribution. He was last year Payton Prichard wasn't a player that he s this year. Hey bro, so we're talking about this, this let's just do this year's team. Nah they said last year championship championship team. I I think it's compared. I see what you're saying there here. Nah Eddie house, like Eddie house differently because the headband slapped too. Nah, no disrespect shit happened bro. Like you know what I mean? I ain't sliding my folk with Eddie house. I'm just saying to me for the value of the team but what they do pri I don't think Eddie House is de liable to get 20 a night with that subject team with pop. He had games like that. Probably a few bro. I'm saying that's what Peyton PRI did last year. This year. Peyton pri a different player. I got you. You well last year on that Celtics team. I like that talk though. I just think Kg and them just too bullheaded.


They might, they might hone bro. Yeah. Yeah Rondo Paul Pierce talking about shoes. They he talked greasy to niggas bro. And that was Young Rondo. I don't know they might have Young Rondo and Drew would've been a hell got them together. I don know. And I will say having Al Horford definitely helps that locker room too. I mean I know KG is is a master of what he does but I think having an Al Horford to help kind of counter that. But they did go seven with the Hawks though. Like they had, they struggled that whole, they won the championship but they ain't have a easy road. Like did they ain't walk through Boston, walked through last year they walked through team. Yeah for sure I. don dunno we'll get off this topic. Is it time to tank for the heat? Yeah go ahead and get outta here. Okay. Yeah it's time to go ahead. Time to rebuild free Jimmy. Yeah go ahead Jimmy.


It's time to go to anywhere calves, warriors, whoever available for sure. Hey man, your Hawks man. Yeah. Hey let's be wanna roll beat the pills yesterday. 1 24 to one 12 If we, he can get to the fifth, fourth or fifth seed. Deandre Hunter six man a year. Okay. Show some love with Dee Hunt. Yeah he averaging 18 off the bench. Yeah he hooping but we can get to the four fifth seed. I think he might win six men a year. Jalen Johnson. Like you said your your Allstar take won't get there but he should be. Yeah he should be off. Sure. 19 to seven. Trey Young really been passing the basketball like really been passing the basketball 12 and 15 yesterday. It was crazy because you know this time last year people were saying that they needed Toray. Trey Young been around Deonte Murray and I never said that today.


I never said that shoe fits. I'll put that I wouldn't put that on no Smarter on your name brother. I I'm saying a lot of people felt that they should trade tape. I said they couldn't have both of them. I I'm not saying you, I'm saying on the internet. I'm just saying I feel like that was sort of, I'm the only one that talked about the Hawks. I feel like nah I wish you, you I feel I wouldn't know that. I would never say that I like the JTA Murray but I never said no I just wanna see Tre Young. Yeah I just wanna see Trey Young play with Mby. I do wanna see that respect Lord Trey young man. Biggest win streak of the Hawks man. Just season. What's going on you think? Like you said you think they could do something in the playoffs, they get there playoffs, I don't know about that but if we can get to like a four fifth seat, I just think Deandre Hunter can win six man a year.


Okay. Trey Young passing the ball now. I think it's getting the more guys involved and they playing better. I don't know how long this is gonna last 'cause Trey like to get buckets too but he is still having solid offensive. He's not shooting the ball great right now. But he is getting everybody involved so like a better team. It's just that situation where everybody start playing good just so they can get moved. Mm. You know we we be saying that we talk about LeBron as soon as LeBron give you a shout out and boys start killing on some of these teams, they ain't got really, you know what I'm saying, long term aspirations like alright the stock is high, what we gonna do? I don think that's the same. Oh no I know it's early. I know it's early in the season. We just pa got past Thanksgiving but hey they keep this up past Christmas it might be some freedom calls. We made some badass trades in Atlanta so I don't know if we gonna be doing too much trade.


Touche. We traded all em picks for Deonte Murray and stuff like then traded him. Did not get that back. We don't do good with trades I don't think right now. Not right now. Yeah Pelicans looking like they're gonna be where they're at at the bottom they will be lottery for sure. Did they need the free buy on that team? Like we said everybody. Yeah CJ does he get to, does he to go somewhere else? Yeah start all over. Yeah CJ need to go where it is. Time for CJ to be fighting for a championship. I think CJ he is still a most definitely a capable player like Star but I think he need to be a six man for somebody. I like that. Going on a on a contender.


Yeah off the, he could still get you 20 for sure. He still need to play starter minutes but he come off also Barry White type shit. Yeah I like that. Yeah for sure. Damn that's crazy. I don know where seat could go though. It's a lot of teams. I just the perfect fit. Like what? It makes sense. Mm Yeah I was gonna say if you narrow it down like I said I was in just continue just 'cause how he plays and he's used to playing winning basketball with Dame. I feel like he could go in the locker room and then adjust For sure. Yeah Hand is young but even like a team like you said Milwaukee could use somebody like CJ for sure. That'd be crazy Off the bench still playing. Yeah back together. Oh that's championship chemistry already there. They got me shit together for sure. Niggas are winning shit.


Make that phone call in Milwaukee. Listen we talk about Jaylen Johnson. You think after this year he's gonna be an Allstar? I think you an Allstar now he not gonna get denied but for sure his career is on the way to being a perennial Allstar 29 and five. Yeah that's like, that's crazy. And he not even tapped in like he not even hit his prime nowhere near Well he is like 22. Yeah about start year in the league. Shot some questions from Rookie. He has to make the Allstar team 2010. I don't give a damn what the Hawks do. 2010 to five bro. That's his stat line is retarded bro. He gotta make it. Nah he hooping. He gotta make it anything even hit the surface of his prime year. That's crazy. That's gonna be interesting to see next year if Trey Young is not on that roster and he's now the new star they built around.


That'd be very interesting. Like it is gonna be a new way for Atlanta for sure. Yeah I just I don't know if he ready to be the star yet though. And he a highlight waiting to happen. Yeah. Oh he ready? You think he ready to be the star? Yeah he Trey Young type shit. I think he probably shitty that. Okay. I mean not shitty that he signed do 'cause he got some generational money but no he probably like damn if I would've held out a little bit more 'cause that 30 is real nice. Before, before you don't wanna take them chances though. I agree. Listen you know I'm for show money all day but now you about to be in Facebook franchise. Y'all sure don't take no chance I tell you that Mike but si that's for show paper JJ you did right only to these niggas you'll be god damn Dennis Schroeder fighting for your life or Minga on me or what's old boy nor what No Nobel god wonder where he at?


Sick. That was my guy too man. Damn that's tough man. You're welcome. Orleans the bull took care that yesterday 1 8 1 0 2 killing still 21 to 10. Zach Levine had 18. Your boy Josh Giddy had a trippy dub yesterday 2013 and 11. Freaky Josh Mo Man shit I don Dunno who, who fuck you talking to? Talking about his your boy, your man I don. They not like us. Fuck that's Stick on that man. Play with that side. We deal with them people because Mike make me.


They not like us. Hey man Uch free Voch man free Z. They gotta get off that team man. They like I said they went into this time to blow the team up man it's over for them. Yeah man. Get both over me. Everybody in the league can't blow up. Somebody gotta try to figure it out problem. Nah we can't keep saying what y'all think they should blow up. Chicago been trying to blow up for years though. Nobody just take Con they won't take nobody contract off of them. Yeah, yeah. Honestly that's what you should do If you're not, if you're not Contender bro. If you're not Mil Pack there's a couple mil pack Pro Jams. I mean excuse me, franchises is gonna be there every single year. If not bro take a risk. Why not? It ain't like you putting ass in seats like the Bulls fans gonna show up regardless Now some of these other places, yeah they gotta do more to keep ass in seats but a franchise like the Bulls bro, people gonna go to them games anyway.


Might as well man. Fuck it. Alright man. Listen, this past Thanksgiving I wanna ask y'all, what's some of y'all biggest surprises that you made a list first place cast. How high is that on y'all list of being a surprise? Oh boy the the biggest I knew when Kenny got the job they'd be better. I didn't think they'd be the best team in the east. Well fighting for the number one spot. Okay but that's a surprise though. I ain't gonna lie to this for sure. The Rockets turn around, we talk about them early going into the season now they number two in the west right now. That surprise as well. Nope, I seen him do it before. I seen him make a make a team of contender. He a good coach. Shout to Inmate doing his thing for show now.


I know BH feel the Warriors still being the Warriors. Yeah man congrats man. It is what it is. It's still early though. But y'all doing y'all thing bro. Shout to my nigga Dre Martin. Hey man. My favorite thing so far about Warriors fans is them going through the Buddy Hill cycle that we all go through when he first comes to your team and killed for the first like 10, 12 games like damn I gotta steal. And then right after that it's like damn what happened? And then it's like damn he gonna be good again then he's gonna be gone. Yeah, shout out to Buddy. It's tough out west too so the Warrior is really doing they thing. It's like nine teams out there that's over 500 right now. So we need to talk about the Grizzlies a little bit man. Yeah it's a surprise. I ain't gonna say surprise. They always play well when Ja come back but he been out for a while so to maintain the ship like they have 14 and seven, it's kind of surprising.


Hell yeah. Shout to them. And what's funny is we joked about it on here yesterday. Ja Morant made a tweet about Triple J yesterday. He was like I can't do it without you and I start cracking up play you damn right you can't but shout out to you man because he can't do it without you. That's a fact. He shoulda retweeted that shit. Retweet that Triple J. There's 10 teams out there. I told y'all bro the west is way better than the East Week. Well listen we thought the east, we thought the east would be a little bit more exciting when some of the moves that took place and you were correct. The east is definitely a three game win streak to be 10 nigga. That's crazy. It's only five teams nigga out east that's over 500. The east is trash bro.


LeBron shoot stayed over there. What's LeBron to go back to Cleveland and mess everything up. Sound about right. That would be hilarious. Tripping. But yeah look how tough that is bro. It's it's wicked out there so I gotta, I gotta quit hating on the Warriors man. Y'all holding it down the show and like you said they, they been with us success some games too. Still figuring it out. Yeah Franz wagon are feeling the void for Ben Carroll bro we, we had P five, you know what I'm saying? We knew he was gonna be a pretty all star this year. He was going crazy until he got hurt but shit, they been killing without him. I know Ben Carroll loving that though. It is like when he get all the way back he can get back rocking with the guys and they can keep that run going. Yeah he could take his time. He ain't gotta rush back and then yeah when they get back on the court together, especially with with KCP they they wi, that's a scary team to deal with for sure.


Nah, they got a lot of talent and I like the soccer balls but like they got a lot of big wings so it's a tough matchup. Like when I think about them playing against Boston, they match up pretty cool with Frans. Break it down. Yeah they got P 5, 6, 8 Fran six, eight, whoever they center they wanna be at that time. They could play Gogo, they could play Jonathan Isaac, Jonathan Isaac. They can play my man from Duke when he get healthy. What's his name got the extension. Damn I got it. It it'll catch me. Ah it's gonna, it's going. I forgot Hiss, I'm outta pocket. You know what I'm talking about. Then they got Jalen Suggs who's a defensive mind point guard, Orlando at six five. They got good size to match up Weller with Boston.


It's just about them being able to score the ball at a high enough clip to match him though. Hell yeah. I like the way that Jalen Suggs plays for the team as well. Like you said he brings in every night and every so often he'll go flash like the other day he had 30 like he's still capable of score too but they all have bought into the system and shout to them man. Shout out to Coach Al for holding it down down there Orlando. Man they don't give black coaches too many chances. The fact that he got a chance with a roster just really shows his capabilities as far as fuck as well man. Yeah that's the dangerous team. I wouldn't wanna deal with them at all man. James Harden and the Rockets. Ty Lou no Kauai, no pg, the Clippers Clipper. Clipper. Excuse me. My apologies Clippers. He trying to take it back for show. My bad.


But yeah this a man Clippers above water looking prosperous MP James Harden Todd Lou, they getting to it man. Yeah, most improved player for sure go to mp. You think so? Yeah, just stamp it and give it to him right now. He the oldest nigga ever to do it. Go back, just give it to him bro. He killing bro. Like I gonna say he haven help. See I don't know if he's number won but But he in his raps though. Hey he talked his shit in the media and say yeah more opportunity. Yeah and took advantage. You gotta respect that. Yeah. Did they win last night? Flips? Yeah. Thought they got they ass big. Oh we can check that out. Celtics beat to Clippers about 30 guy.


Man. Man I was like what the fuck did MP do bro? Talking about he been killed. They he yesterday. You tripping. Who fuck did the Celtics? What fuck is this then? Oh that's 1126. My, I'm like what bro Talking my I ain't games shit was This nigga is looking up some shit before Thanksgiving. That's what Mike got on my shit. I'm like damn he threw me off. I'm like wait what?


I like the cliff. I'm like they last night my fault. They was my bad. I ain't shit he was To. I'm looking up. That's fucking Crazy. Put that on the producers man. I Oh that's crazy. I don't watch this shit. I'll watch. He gonna put it on Nephew for No I watch, I watch a wrestler last night. Oh man. Shout to the new day. Even worse. What we got rookies dog nigga Jerry McCain The new day turned hill last night by the way. Okay. If Y wanted to know. That's crazy. Keep my shit up there man. What the hell man? I love the show so much. Hey man. Jeremy came in my favorite rookie so far this year.


I know you love but Jeremy came and hooping in the of six is being trash and I think it's hilarious that he goes in socks after games 'cause fuck y'all. I average 40. You know what I like man. I'm gonna go young Zacharia out there in Atlanta man. He been playing RA two man. He averaging 11 off. You know he starting but he average in 11 Been solid. That's solid for sure. Hell yeah. Also too, we talked about that not being funny but they gotta give him some 10, you know he no more pick. He gotta flourish as well so he might have to make some room for him but I mean he's starting, he getting a lot of minutes. D Hunting came off the bench, he took his spot. They, you know what I mean? D Hunt been playing well off the bench. Zach man been solid for rookie. Shout out to the Hawks man. You well soon as well listens. PN had a 25 under 25 lists.


I'm gonna go through some of these names and y'all tell me how y'all feel about him. I will start low. Start at number one. Victor Wena. That's a fact. Two ae. Okay three. Paulo Ben Carro, four Fran Wagner. Mm. Chet Kerman Five mm Tyree Halliburton six mm Tyree Maxie seven. Ali you? Yeah, Evan Mobley eight photo list away. Jalen Williams nine man, hell nah. Yeah. Offering Sung in 10 and then I'll go through. Yeah Gimme Jalen Williams over Tyree Hallberg on me and Tyrese. Maxey. Yeah. And T Max and Lalo and yeah Lalo is Scotty Barnes 11 LA 12.


Oh nah, that list is crazy. Put. Yeah, Berry Ello number four. He after PB on on me. Jalen Johnson being 17 is crazy. Zion being 16 is out of pocket too. John I. don that K cutting him that low too. Scotty Barnes above K cutting him. Hell yeah, that's out of pocket. Scotty Barnes would be way lower on that list. Derrick Lively on the list. That's some respect. Tyler Hero being Ello is crazy. Jalen Green being 20th. I mean that's Nah, I don't know. Yeah, I don know ain't bad. That ain't bad. Dyson Daniels being 23 is nuts to me as well. That's about right. He should be like 25. Yeah. LA Ball has to be high.


Brandon Miller not better than Tyler Hero. Not yet. Nah, not. Not right now. I'm asleep. Yeah, that list trash bro. Darius Garland at 14. Yeah. That's kind of tough already All Star. Yeah. I ain't rolling with that. Z Ain't being 16 is crazy. I know we, I know we play but don't get the fucked up but Zion's on that court. Yeah, if he tell I think I'll give it that. I ain't what Sleep will make that trade tomorrow. Yeah. So I'm asleep. Whoever made this list, fuck you, espn. Oh, same Shout to being top six in order. It is. Look as beat writers. Yeah. I don know about that. That's whack. Yeah, that's crazy man. Damn. Lalo had 12 is very disrespectful.


Yeah, it's, yeah, that is disrespectful, bro. Especi in the year he have Yeah. Damn. Get well song espn


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus, you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ES esp n plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks, followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally, the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller alien Romulus, where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine. Now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit join signals.com today.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Copy from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So Join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Face Bank and a member FDIC.


Listen man, nice game tonight. I'm see who y'all feeling. 76ers at Hornets. I think Paul George is playing tonight. Week. Week tub be of the week. It's, it's Paul George and Tyree Maxey is playing tonight. So they gonna beat them. Yeah, because lame still out, right? Yeah, yeah. But it's at the point to where we're like guessing to see who's actually gonna play for the 76ers. We don't even assume that everybody gonna play. I mean this or maybe one. This their first game back, I believe. I could be wrong, but I think this they first game. I think Paul played the last game. Well, I'm talking about with Tyree Maxey, everybody being back. So bro, I got the Sixers. Sixers, I don't care. Say less wizards at Cavs. Cavs. Oh my God. The wizard still play basketball. Yeah, I gonna say they.


That's well, blackout. Bucks at Pistons. Bucks. Bucks. Yeah. I'm shit. I might doing new Parlay. I'm gonna, these games, I'm gonna go with the Pistons. They've been randomly winning games. I'm gonna see if they talking about this money line a hundred, put a hundred on nigga. I will never put a hundred on the Pistons, sir. Crazy. You're crazy. Magic at Knicks. That's crazy. That's a good game. I'm gonna go with the Knicks though. I, I like the Knicks. I'll give you that. I'm gonna roll with the magic. They been winning games. Let's see what's up. Pacers at Raptors. Raptors. That is two B Game of the Day for sure. Mm. Yeah. I'm gonna take the Raptors I think. Oh, buddy gonna have a book game. RJ Barrett. Yeah, the gd. Yeah. I don't know how many times we played the Raptors, but enough's enough.


I'm Robert with Pacers anyway, but Jazz at Thunder. Thunder. That ain't even a question. Light work. Thunder as well. Grizzly's at Mavs. Great game. Game of the night. Great game. Remember this is playing, this is Theup stuff too. This is the the NB that's important Jeff. It's job playing. Gonna say Josh's playing and you know what it is. I got Mavs though. That's a good, you got Mavs regardless of Luca and Ja. Mm. I'm gonna take where they playing at? MAs in, in Dallas? Yeah. I'm gonna take Luca. I'm gonna go Mavs too. I'm, I'm, you know Ky then Spurs at Suns Sons so that quick as hell. I ain't mad at you.


Sons going, should take care of business. Yeah, I'll take the songs. Where at Nuggets. Great game. I'm gonna take the Nuggets. I think Steph's still out, right? I don't think Steph is playing. We could update and see, but I don, I don't think he'll be in this game. I'm gonna take the Nuggets. I got the Nuggets. Yeah I, if Steph was playing, I was taking the Nuggets. Anyway. Rockets at Kings. We need one. I'm taking Kings. I'm gonna go with the Rockets. They playing. Well they are. Come on D Fox though. If you wanna turn up. Oh I'm gonna text you after this man. I mean I think the rocks are gonna win but I hope the Kings win for their sake because if not, it's gonna be a lot of questions. They keep dropping games like this for sure. They gonna make a trade. Yeah, that. Yeah. They gonna have to Probably the person they got this summer I don't know if that can work. But gonna Tre Deebo. Yeah.


He deserve to be somewhere they winning bro. And bring him to the team. Looked good but they ain't been to fruition yet. And they can't afford to drop games in the West. It's like the east. He might be cool in Second Town though. They might trade Kevin Herder and we, we talk about that for sure. Lasers at Clippers. So they play today. Clippers. I'm gonna go Clippers. My fault Disrespected Clippers like that. Not got your ass beat. But I'm go with, I'm go with Clippers. That boy stood on. That mean they, they Lineage. I'm looking at the report man. I'm sick of this shit. We don't get this shit right. Don't do it at all. Ain't that what they said on Five Heartbeats right now. Freak you might take it straight for no reason.


Yeah, man. First it was the audio. Oh, that's crazy. Was the camera work flashing out? It's the of us now too though. Y'all. Oh, who is the five Heartbeat too? Who? The Pop Heartbeat. Who's the five Harbor? It's five of us now. I'm definitely, I. I'm Duck Duck You Eddie Kane Love game. Is he? Eddie Kain. Which one? Eddie. David Ruffin. But he on the five heartbeats. Eddie k. The way Eddie sung, that girl draws off and had her shaking down that seat. Top off solo Eddie. Me all day. We'll figure out the cane later. Yeah. Curtis, listen man, you ain't got that nigga was done.


What's more far that or the ain't anybody coming to see you oti? Nah, ain't nobody coming to see you legendary. That's, that's that's going down in history. Nah, but Mikey and Malcolm man we gotta put it on y'all man. Get this nigga. I'll pass it down. That's choir boy. Malcolm Dresser? Nah, nah. DJ Dresser. Yeah this this nigga Mike. That's choir boy. Mike is Robert Townsend? No that's me. That's me. That's me. Oh that was he boy. He he the one guy Eddie off that cane. Malcolm. Nah, Mike, Mike the nigga let you do and try to put the Bible on that telephone pole practice nigga.


He got some bitches here. That is Mike. Scary ass. You right. Flash he new to the group. Somebody gonna piss other. It's gonna be fucking hilarious. Who Leon gotta be dj. DJ Dresser is he though? DJ Will did right by. Shit. You alright DJ play You right. I'm probably Leon Line. I'm really, Leon fell in line. I'm fuck it. I had all the girls. What it call it was Jay's name was JT on Earth Fit Perfectly The real jt.


JT Man. Hey man other I had, we saw about football here but one that football was crazy yesterday if you watched it. Listen man Jam Wisdom is making history on this show today by being in both the end of the show segments. Listen man, the Browns, you know what I'm saying, took it yesterday. The Broncos 41 to 32 Jam. Miss Winston went crazy. He is a ver my verified bucket, you know what I'm saying? Browns passed record at 497 yards. Damn. But guess what? He also threw two pick sixties yesterday. So about, and we talk about those later in the show. But that game was absolutely nuts yesterday, man. Bo Nicks is all right though. Hey listen, shout out to Bo Nicks because they was all, you know what I'm saying? Questionable about the situation about moving on for Russell. And obviously it's been fruitful for both situations. Yeah, but hey, he got, Denver was horrible last year.


Definitely terrible last year. The game was crazy because Jerry Judy got, you know what I'm saying, two revenge tds, you know what I'm saying? Getting to play against your old team and Square to death. Always fired. But listen man, it was a crazy game yesterday. Shout out to James man. We gonna talk about his prayer later in the show. But he is my verified bucket for sure man. Be here. Who you got yesterday? Who was getting active? A team Teague alumni. Peter Schroder had 42. Oh God. Yes sir. Shout to Peter Miami High on my boy Christian Smith. Bro, that boy went crazy last night. So he, I'm putting him over the NBA heads today. Just showing love to the family. I never even knew he could score that mean points man. Seeing him in high school playing for Karma where they only shoot like 10 shots a game. Hold the ball. They hold the ball for him to be able to go out there and get buckets.


42. I ain't see that from you dude. Young Pete. Wait to hoop. TT Lenny is doing all right. Yeah. Way to hoop. Pete, shout out to Leland. Shout out to Tayshaun Al. That's fire man. Shout to Lineage. You know getting to a young boy. Get the NIL I'm gonna go to the G League. I'm gonna go to K Spencer. Man had 51 yesterday, hit 12 threes. I watched him, he was killing yesterday from the Memphis Hustle. That boy moving in slow motion getting 50 mm He's slow as hell. Hoping with a T-shirt as a guard getting to it. Yeah, 51, that's us Smooth 12 threes is crazy. 12 three facts. Dang man, your boy Peyton Prichard 25. He he get a verified bucket yesterday. That's something he do often. So I ain't gonna say it is verified. Okay. But I mean he is a verified bucket but I wasn't impressed by that.


That's just something he always do. 25 for him is kind of like a good man. It's a good game but I, I'm used to it now. Them normal stats for Jaylen Brown too. Yeah, he used to now CJ getting 29 like pulling days but yeah. Yeah probably good activity yesterday. Listen man, somebody need some encouragement this Tuesday morning. Be here, get well soon. Damn Xavier Tillman cue it up. Oh yeah, Tilley got mixed taped. Who? Tyler Hero special man. Tyler Hero put him in a blender man while we pulling this clip up. Did you see Tyler hero's old video? He had? I would love to see the clip but you wanna know we talking about our production team. Oh dang. We throwing strays somehow. I can't see the clip. So can y'all describe So to me Morale Mill is still up the real crossover.


Pros on that Mike. I don't wanna see this ass all day man. This is a family show. New for these shoes bro. I'm already tired bro. You like this? We had practice yesterday. I got home late. I just wanna come do my job man. I gotta see a ride mill all day. I got you Rody. Oh thanks. Oh wait, you said retry the wifi. Oh damn now don't work now we can't retry. Oh well we just paid the high ass wifi bill too. Look at Mike shaking. Oh my Lord. Tell get somebody give him a map. Damn. Damn. He want Skinhead Bow.


Yeah he look like that nigga that they had wearing that Jordan Jerseys playing in the outdoors league. Talking about dude he was. He was him? Yeah he was special. Xavier, Xavier Hef. What kind of 2K do he got? Glen Davis. Him and your boy Minivan is out of pocket. Oh yeah. See well soon for sure. Shout to my boy Jalen Johnson man with the Switcher rule. Yes sir. Bro Switch hands up dunk.


It is light paper too nigga cold man. Yeah I think he might need to be in a dunk contest too. People still do that. What's up boy? Nah, he remind me of boy from Stanford back in the Josh showed. Yeah with the Frog. He's better than chill. Oh easily. Yeah man, my get well song going to Jam Wilson please load this clip man. My boy post game legendary. Anytime Jam talks he needs a microphone bro. Man, if he don't get the fuck, hey quit playing with the Lord man that came up yesterday and he the for delivery. No, get in the gym nigga don't put the Lord in your bullshit.


I love Jam Winson man. Oh man, he's favorite. I told you man. He my second favorite quarterback. I love Jam bro. I can't wait till he becomes a reverend after he plays football bro. I'll go to Jam Church. Sure right man. Yeah we need him on five 20. We need bro. Love to sit down with James Winson bro. Hell yeah. That'd be the best shit ever bro. Him and Orlando Brown are my top picks. Oh, Orlando Brown. You wanna sit down with Orlando? I talked to my cousin yesterday by the way. Well he said he hit his my man his day. Yeah. I was like bro you tweaking now man, you ain't the like that bro. Tweaking bro. He wild. I don't know if he gonna be be on the internet if he can get to this show or not way. He was wilding out yesterday. He the biggest troll in the world man. Hey man, shout out to James Winston man. A legend on this show.


We in there have a verified bucket and the get well soon bro get icon. You said Gail, you gotta get his glasses right Man, I like him throw 30 TDS and 30 stuff he said because I didn't have la I they gotta get an update version bro. Bro you are a professional athlete. You can get context bro. Somebody can help me with your fight. You just say I throw the football and I can't see Shit is crazy bro. You the quarterback is wild bro. He's a legend bro. I love JI do too bro. He is my favorite second, third quarterback bro. Listen man. Tuesday be him. They already started off Monday rough man they trying to get some money. What you got for 'em? Ooh, that part like was rough yesterday. It was Man, bless my pockets today being, come on today we got Damon Li for 25 points.


Giannis for 12 rebounds. Donovan Mitchell scored 30. Tyree Maxey comeback 25 points Luca 25 points. Kevin Durant will make three threes and yo will get 10 assists tonight will win you a one. Say that one more time. 500 get you what brother? $48,421 always shows. I, I think might be able to win that one. Okay. It it sounds like some win numbers to you. Yeah, I we might be able to do that one. I I got 500 for it. Turn me up.


Listen, make sure you draft Kings promo Cole Club five 20 get you a little bonus. Make that little bit sweeter. But listen, they trying to get some money, be here and kids need these Christmas gifts man. Alright man. It's all good. We trying. Yeah. Fuck them kids. We trying to get her up out the crib. It's time to trip bro. Okay, time for the divorce man. Yeah, get you up outta there. Walk out divorce. Ken will be empty anyway. You ain't got nothing. Lose fellas game for sure.


This we appreciate y'all tuning in. We we'll be back tomorrow morning. Y'all be safe. Five 20 In The, Morning, The, Volume.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Face Bank. Na member FDIC.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound on the tear. Be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community, the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North. New residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live.