
Get ready for mission to possible. The final reckoning, Tom Cruise strikes once again, performing his own jawdropping stunts from scaling some of the most complex and dangerous sequences. Cruise's dedication to thrilling action is unmatched with breathtaking locations like the Arctic, South Africa and the uk. This finale promises unforgettable moments, themes of loyalty, friendship, and sacrifice. Bring Ethan Hunt's journey full circle. The cast is stellar, featuring Haley Atwell, Simon Peg, Ben Rains, Angela Bassett and more experience. Epic. Edge of your seat cinema. See mission I possible the final reckoning in theaters May 23rd.


Military veterans and active duty service members. You could become a certified cyber warrior with just 12 weeks of training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand and it pros with these skills. Often enjoy abundant opportunity and a great lifestyle. Protect our people. Liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats, skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. That's my computer career.edu/cwp.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round. Peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesday. It's five 20 in the Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host name is DJ Wells. Everybody pulled up to work this morning. We got Bishop. We got young Nacho five 20 MOOC fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What up bro? Signing bro. What up though man? Another wonderful night of play off basketball. We here to talk about it all, but first thing's first, man. Shout out to your old coach, Kenny Atkinson, coach of the year shows him some respect, man. Hell of a season for the Cleveland Cavaliers. Man. We know it was up in question for a second, but he held it down. How y'all feel about that? Oh, he deserved it bro. Congrats Kenny. For sure. Yeah. Did a hell of a job this year. We gotta get a win. I'm wearing a pacer hat today. We, yeah, I'm with the Cals.


I'm wearing a pacer hat today though for bad luck. Like anytime I root for the Pacers they lose. So that's why I got this hat on. Reverse psychology. Reverse psychology. No web perform should against me. Yeah, from hating ass niggas. But shout to Kenny Atkinson, man. Oh God. Took care of business. J Bickerstaff they said should have got that as well. They were saying it was close. Saw us in a second. Nah, man. But what he did for that Detroit team turned that around. This definitely should be respected as well, man. Yeah, he was definitely runner up. Most definitely. Member Mc Kenny came over there, took him over the hump. We shall see man. But let's talk about it. First things first, man in the Eastern Conference yesterday, a hell of a game man. Knicks rally down from 20, take care of bitches to get the Celtics 1 0 8 to 1 0 5.


I think only one person called around a panel. That's why I'm glad we make reals. I'm glad we spoke that into existence yesterday. Good morning fellas. Happy to see y'all. Hey, last night was hilarious. Jay Mills attacked us in the post man. Shout Talk nice boys. Jay Mills, we will not all the man. I got you bro. I got you bro. Have fun man. Cel five cel trash bro. Voice have, Well let's talk about 65, bro. Celtic Pop. Have fun. Listen, Jalen Bruss we're crazy yesterday. 29, 4 5 OG a Novi show. Why he got paid that bread with 29 as well. Kat. 14 to 13 an underwhelming performance. But they still got the dub. JT had 2316 to six, did not shoot well and JB 2375 did not shoot well at all as well.


Let's talk about it man. OG looked like the best player on the floor yesterday. He did. And him and Mikel Bridges. Mikel Bridges came up with some big defensive stops and he was playing well. He played well. Him and og. They the reason the Nix won that game. Oh a hundred percent. And let's talk about, like you said, Mikhael Bridges came up big for that team yesterday only shot three for 13 only had what? Eight points. But they all came in OT and he played 51 minutes yesterday. Yeah he did a hell. Him and OG did a hell of a job on the wings. It looked like they couldn't get by for real. So they really was just settling for threes. I mean, Jason shot five threes in a row one time For game. He keeps shooting Step back though. I'm like get to the rack Foul or something. I try something different one Time. Run my over bro. Fuck.


Let's break this down. As a self successor. As a team. Shot 15 from 60 from three. They missed 45 threes yesterday. Three. Now we can't be too critical of this team 'cause we said that high by three shooting team and that's how they won a championship. But last night, I'm gonna ask you both as professionals in the fourth quarter when you shots got falling, what do you do? Do you keep on the same thing that got you there or do you mix it up? Don't have to adjust bro. No. Okay, if I'm old. What JB was? Oh for nine at one point. Yeah, go to the basket bro. You Have to bro the whole team though. Y'all just, y'all up 20, y'all keep shooting threes for what bro? Nigga we're up 20 bro. They gave Him Icey game. It's over Peyton pri damn green on defense too.


Well it is. There is no point in time that Jalen Bruton should be I on Peyton Pritchard. That is not the game playing that we're looking for at all. It was put a bow on him yesterday. Drew got some buckets too. But Peyton pri is we, you can't play this year. Hey man. And shout to Drew Holiday, who had some time to rebounds yesterday? Some of them my selections to Jaylen Brown. Jaylen Brussel was killing yesterday was on JR. Holiday. Not, Not really, no. Yeah. Really? No it was. Nah, drew did a great job. He was a great defender. Sauce was on, it was Al Horford. Nah, holiday saw some of them Too brother. Them Threes it. Alford was Al Horford. He hit two big Threes, bro. Yeah, that's Al Horford like That one's timely shots Brother Al Horford though. He he went at, he got one bucket on the foul on Drew Holiday. Punk fake.


But I Mean he can score on Jr. Holiday ain't like Yeah He's gonna books that day physically do that though. I'm just saying. Paying pressure that nah, this one out. Nah, It's not for you. He at 13 though. Yeah, I mean play solid. Yeah, 24 minutes. He did who he was supposed to do as well. Let's just go through this horrible shooting percentage. Luke at Jalen Brown. Seven for 20, one for 10 from three. Disgusting. Jason Tatum, seven for 23 from the field. Four for 15 from three. Disgusting. Right. Derrick White at one point was one for 10 from three. Yeah five for 16 for three. He Ain't gonna do that again. Disgusting. Derrick White shot four threes in a row. I said God damn bro. They, they getting him threes up though. They coach told him to do that though. So It just JT as the, as like as the go-to guy at some point you just gotta say okay fuck it.


Lemme put my head down a couple times to get to the free throw line. Something like the game was getting outta hand, y'all was up 20, they cut to nine now it's time to lock in. Let me, let me get something going to the basket. Okay. He still was pulling third. That was up was 20 bro. They shot, they shot him back in the game. Y'all was up 20 bro. And Kat was not killing bro. Y'all might be in trouble bro. Nah that that means the Nick's in trouble. They missed all them shots and they barely won bro. Yeah And they're not gonna miss that in overtime. They missed 45 threes, 45 threes and y'all barely, Maybe our defense is just too good bro. Nah, maybe y'all can't get to the cut bro. Maybe y'all work on y'all handles bro. Maybe we play like this. We just wasn't hitting today. Now I want to get some love some Knicks because that third quarter they could have died.


Jalen Brunson went crazy also. OG and Oby held it down. He's getting still transition dunks. Yeah, he played amazing yesterday. Honestly it was better when JB went out. They started hooping. OG went crazy then Miles McBride came in. He had a couple big shots. I loved og but is he going to keep playing like that? Yes, He been playing solid Shit. He's African bro 30. He Was killing though. He was night. I was like yeah Lee every, every time he shut the ball thought it was going in. Yeah, yeah. Looking off running The before like that. He Like Kat that's fourth option. That nigga Kat was like this Nah Ka you the fourth option. I hope Kat have a good game the moment Kat plays with or they gonna lose, they Gonna lose bro. That's crazy. They are Bro.


That's a recipe. Ka is struggling a little bit. Kat keep playing Mid Stay the fourth option The Knicks, all these Knicks people was hitting me up bro. I'm like nigga they missed 50 shots And y'all barely won. That's not this song bro. Have a gray Tuesday my nigga don't listen to These Jam hall bro. Go crazy. Go get something to eat. Five bro Sweep. It's Gonna be a sweep you fucking writing name. It's gonna be a gentleman sweep five Celtics and five Bro. I'm gonna tell you right now. Cinco de Mayo in New York went up yesterday after Victory. Oh they crazy. It was split in New York yesterday. Young Victory was going crazy. I sit here hearing Astro, are y'all sure that this is going to be an easy series?


I said they was gonna be the hell out Them bro. They just would not stop shooting threes bro. They just, they was beating the shit out. Knick fans turned off tv. They was tight Bro. We got everything in the chat man. T taking it to the streets early today. He wanna talk to the people. Yeah I know they talking shit. I know they in there talking greasy. But as They should though bro. I wanna ask y'all about the PGA situation leaving the game through the illness. How y'all feel about that nigga Was sick. It must be something serious. If he really left the game he must be sick as hell. For real? Yeah bro. Put his fingers down his throat bro and got back out there bro. They Bad Pop you a be and get back to it. Put Your two fingers down there bro and Hur it run back out like pop Bro.


Bro. Like straight up though because they needed you though because Your stomach hurt. Come On. Yeah, That'd be serious. All right man in super chat A dab Smith said Jet. Tell that light-skinned nigga he's six nine. I think he talking about Jason Tatum. He is. He will tell him Phillip Deree said the super chat said out the motherfucker probably is hitting dog. Just did it again. Yes sir. Run my music nigga. That's the next theme song That nigga on With. I'm a next day be motherfucking Dicks jersey.


No play my song. This is going, this is going what's my song about? This is going seven like I told you. Work out. This is going seven mo. Okay it's going five Bro. Here said it's going seven, seven bro. Nigga set the 20 piece. The motherfucker apparently did it again. Some nigga feel up. It'll I'm fucking with you. Alright so if you're, You know what I'm saying, if you're the Knicks, what do you take from this game and move the game through? Oh you just be happy we got that game one and okay. Yeah They probably just Go to New York. Yeah, they hype Stole one in the garden. Yeah. Okay. Stole one too for real. Down 20. Yeah, For Boston. How do you feel about this? Let's beat the fuck out of 'em.


Yeah, like they gotta pay for this. Okay. Y'all will pay for this bro. So y'all thinking the next game I'm gonna ask y'all again. They're not gonna shoot this many threes. No They gonna shoot this many three. They they Gonna Make gonna lock that shit up. They Gonna guard, they Gonna make hand in the face. They ain't gonna miss 45 threes bro. Bro they not shooting 60 threes again. They might bro. They Might. They get them shits up bro. With no hesitation. Yeah They gonna, they gonna shoot the motherfuckers regardless. Hey but more respect for Jalen Brunson, what he did yesterday. Just prove that he's a superstar in league and a lot of people try to question it. For sure bro. He's one of those ones for sure. It's not a fluke clutch player a year for a reason. No, that's a fact. Yeah but he, he every time he shoot I am surprised he missed that little floater to win the game and regulation. Oh yeah.


And what a hell of a pass from Cat two that people should not really give him credit for. That was A practice shot. I always say use the backboard but he shouldn't have used it on that one. He should've just flowed him. He just didn't expect to be that. But It was just too easy bro. Be like damn Open as hell. I wish you would've hit it though. That was gonna be a cold walk off back to back walk offs Game seven in game. That would've been well game six, I want that. Right. He doing his thing bro. He showing out He, he cold For sure. Yeah. Build a statue for Jalen Brunson. Him taking that, that pay cut and the way that he's performing. Yeah. Shout tot too man out to shout tot bro. Yeah Tib you saved your job dog getting out that first round. Yeah dig. Shit They got quiet if they got Mike Malone was on his way it all.


God. Alright man, shout out to the Knicks for handle business game one. Listen. Second game last night was just as amazing. Shout out to the Denver Nuggets for taking care of business last night. I told y'all went to KC and got it Young Chamberlain numbers. I told you Gordon Another game Winner. Yo yos is Yos bro. But I swear to God bro, three of them niggas had double doubles bro with rebounds and shit. They out rebounded us like a motherfucker Because they need to play the hardest style and check together bro. Okay. They need to play 'em together. Let's talk about it Man. Two bro bro. Them niggas is saying bro Bro. Man Joker 2 22 is three. We not playing like that again next game. So We, yeah okay. You locked Up. We not, we're not doing that Again. Well we gave up 42, 22 and six The Joker last night.


He can, he can do that bro. Three niggas having double doubles bro. It's crazy bro. Yeah bro we we trying bro. No crash the glass. What I tell y'all niggas that's why Y coaching ass niggas soft teach niggas how to box out. Back to fundamentals Three niggas having double doubles bro. I tell you. But Chet is soft bro. He too little bro bro. They gotta His as. They gotta play hardstyle him together bro. You can't let Chet be at the five bro. He too cannot bro. You gonna keep losing. Alright, let's run through these stats from yesterday. Aren Gordon Hooped out 22 and 14. Yes in the game winner. Another one Jamal Murray had 21 6 and six SGA did his thing. 33 10 and eight almost Triple dub and Oscar Ruso bald out yesterday with 20 and six.


Jay Williams had 16 to seven but he did not shoot well for the floor. He Christian Brown had 13 rebounds yesterday bro. 11 and 13. Yeah You talk about the glaring, the biggest glaring from yesterday was the Nuggets. Yes bro. Dominated rebounds yesterday. Go ahead and see how many rebounds. That shit Not happen in the NBA bro. Three. Yeah that's not enough bro. Hell no It's not enough. We Just seen it happen. It's gonna happen again. I rebound about 20 in the playoff game. It is never a good Thing we're not doing that bro. And the nuggets is sad bro. Y'all should have blew us out bro. Y'all only beat us about two. Ah I'm gonna say this is more about OK C than it is About Denver yesterday. Oh y'all said bro niggas get a will Chamberlain rebounds. It still barely win bro. We gonna make some adjustments.


Don't worry about it all. How y'all feel about SGA getting 33 on 26 shots yesterday? It's a lot of shots. Well y'all said that nigga shoot more than Alan Iversson. So this is he on, he on cue So he ain't beating him Allegations at all. Jalen Williams five for 20 need more. Gotta have more. That's the only thing I question about OKC. Like they ain't really, they been here but they ain't been here. Yeah, the first big test. Are they? Yeah. Are they players gonna step up or are they gonna have them moments and yesterday was just a, They was supposed to win that game yesterday bro. Yeah Russell play good too. Yeah, Let's go to the Nuggets don't play good bro. He OKC. He's A good Yeah y'all Back at the crib with it went crazy.


Seven 13 if they role players playing good it could get ugly for OKC And Russell West. Like they, they role players not fucking with Russell Westbrook. Like when Isaiah Joes checking Russell Westbrook is at his neck bro. He see green. He was like what This little nigga is Over with That. That's true. It's dead. They clicking at the right Time bro. They been shooting better bro. Y'all just give too much. I agree 'cause y'all right. In a way bro. They only won by two bro. They got lucky bro. All you gotta do is win bro. It don't matter about how Many points bro. You know what they say? Hell, oh NPJ won for eight yesterday. Only two points. Not enough. He didn't even wanna shoot the ball yesterday. He had a couple turnarounds. We wasn't catching the ball. He, I don't think he in sync right now.


Coach put his ass on that bench. Hey we need to win right now. I like man yeah he locked in but Joker man that nigga looked like Peewee Herman. Yeah, look at Pee Wee Joker gonna do that though y'all But 42 and 22 illegal bro. Do that bro. You can't let him get 42. Listen he had to get as six monster numbers bro. He always gotta get monster numbers. They don't win Created 99 player numbers. He always got Niggas only one by two. He only the ass. He always do that. That's literally who he is. Yeah bro. He's player 99 bro. That Is not gonna be another, this is a normal night. It's hard playing the same team back to back to back.


Yeah They real, they just realized they gotta play him again as fuck. He outperformed that superstar. He out outperformed yesterday. Y'all see that man PI see that meme. Oh don't start that. Nah boy. Y'all see that meme where it was like my parlay was on his last leg and my, my last leg was Che Holley and they showed him picture. He Yo, I was rolling Bro. Piss me off Bro. It's okay Che, these niggas got you fucked up Little skinny ass legs. He's like this was my last leg bro. I was Alex Caruso. Man chill the fuck out bro. Don't need you killing bro. No you saying Say thank you Caruso was yesterday Lock up.


What'd you say? He was Lock up No shots. I don't need 20 from you. I do. I need 20 defensive stops they need Yesterday. That Caruso bro got be DIC ain't gonna lock Caruso boy. He he cold bro Green last night. I like Carus bro. But this is not your role to get a dub on this thing. Shit, They need Shit way With Jay for 20. You better get it from somebody Jalen lock in. He needed that 20 bro. Bro Had to Don't do it. Don't do it again bro. 26 assists and five steals was not a problem. He was a Lights rock. He played out of his body yesterday. He you were gunning bro.


I'm bro getting these passing lanes bro. He Now you didn't say nothing about Lou do Lou do shot the same open shots? He did. Lou Do was sick bro. Oh he sick. Shit I like Just ing in the back of his head bro. Yeah I can't wait till we shut up. Gbo some jokers out of pocket for doing him like that so get the fuck Up Off me bro. Yeah. Isaiah Stein shout the game yesterday. Not enough Chet Hol you gotta start Hartstein and Che you gotta put, you gotta put Hartstein on him bro. And let Che come help you gotta start doubling Even though Aren Gordon made shots, you gotta start. You cannot let Yoki just keep playing by his himself bro. He's too fucking good bro. Yeah well he's going 42 22 bro you cannot let him keep doing that Bro.


You can't. Especially on the first half when you he Daniel had 20 and 10 in the first half. It just got more within the second. Yeah you can't bro and you can't let Jalen Brunson iso the bigs bro. You gotta start playing old NBA coverage. Mm. Get into they body fight over the screen. Make him kick it to Kat and them dudes Make adjustments bro. It's Okay. You can't. I seen Drew Holiday went back to his old ways. He was like fuck that. I ain't letting him iso CATT no more. I mean Al I'm fighting over, I'm gonna go trap it. Yeah bro. And they threw it back to ka they started getting turnovers and shit. I'm like man all this just switching bro. People too good and respectfully there's no reason we should be asking this Al Horford bro. He gets 40 years old, he should not be in iso like ain competing too. That set me up for failure. That's when Jalen Brunson got comfortable.


Sit it down then bro. YY always give excuses to the niggas that y'all like bro. Talking About me here he's 47 bro. They got favorite. Yeah see that's what I like about And I love Al but damn y'all. That's what I like about Jerry Stackhouse 'cause he the defensive coordinator for the Warriors. He wasn't playing none of that shit. Yeah he like, we gonna trap that shit. I doka he like, we gonna trap that. We gonna get the ball, somebody else gonna make a play. We ain't gonna just keep switching and let you cook somebody Bro. It is how you coach Bro. That's how Jalen Brown what's his boy name that was huh? Jalen Green. Oh yeah, that's how he got it. Had them bad games. They like man you had that good game, you had 30 something. We gonna get the ball at your hand. Yeah you gonna see a different coverage ain't Somebody else beat you Ain Cat beat us man.


Not Jalen Bronson. Yeah. Nah I ain't about to let him iso out the whole fucking game from the play games all the way to the finals.


Now is the time to back your favorite players in teams as they chase score. Ready to place your first bet. Download Draftking Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus. Be it easily. Make it a playoff run. To remember a DraftKings download a Draft King sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. New customers only bonus pets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free with Dutch. You'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Okay, so I want to ask y'all this. If you OKC be here, how you feel about this game? Well we just gotta crash the glass man. Them niggas are sad. Like okay that's all we got out Rebound three niggas have like I said having a double doubles out of they, they outta they body bro over there bro. Okay. Alright. Now if y'all the nuggets, how y'all, what do y'all take from this game? Yeah, we got 'em. Okay. Where we want to be. We comfortable we feel like and we ain't feel like we played good. I let us win game one and we did not play good. We supposed to lose this game. We ain't play good. Michael Porter Jr. Was terrible and You know how we gonna play when we get to Denver? What's up? Y'all should never let us win this first game Bro. Yeah. Turning the demon on bro. All right. Turn the demon little do Jalen Woods.


Not Jay Woods better. Come on. He ain't doing that again. He be, he done it last year. He ain't doing it again man. Come on. Alright. Any SGAI mean he had 33 yesterday. He Gotta shoot better bro. Alright. He gotta be more efficient. This game gotta be More efficient Bro. Now he gotta shoot 60%. We've been saying he gotta shoot a little better Bro. I been killing it. I won, I won 63 guys with This tonight Lot to ask but when you going against the superstar on the other side, you might have to match your energy when you going into real MVP it's like, oh look This what this is bro. Who? The real MVP, Him Yogi, SGA every not cheat him. They better not cheat him again bro. SGA gonna win it bro. We know who the Win it but we saying Who the real v they when they announced Kenny they should announced SGA yesterday.


I mean We know he gonna win it bro. All right So Don, so let that breed two 20. So that means you hating because y'all keep saying the real Charity award this year bro. Yeah. Oh wow. You shoulda have won it last year here bro. Because Yoki didn't even won it last year. He don't want shit. He might want p this year He is killing bro. That Wil Chamberlain numbers Bro. It is bro, bro. 20 20, 22. I'm expecting him to do that but everybody else is quiet bro. That's a Lot to ask though, Saying you expect somebody to do that is crazy bro. You know how good you are bro. Yeah he is great bro. But he has monster numbers bro. I told Y all we talked about him every day on this show bro. Okay, well we shall show C Man game two coming up. We will be dope. Let's talk about some games taking place tonight.


We got Pacers at Cavs again. My Pacers baby. No, no Pacers, they not like us. Go for two and oh we going for two and oh tonight baby. No we don't need to. Let's go OB. You shout out people we don't even wanna play in the game right now. He out pocket. Well Pacers are, You know on our screen it says their whole Cal's roster is injured. Yeah, Yeah. Y'all Hunter Questionable Garland. Moby all questionable. I hope they don't play patience and five. This is the routine I can give a damn the thing for the, I don't give a fuck. Y'all can play the janitor. Y'all can bring LeBron back On. Mama. I don't give a shit Lou, you a jerk for putting that up on The, the whole team hurt again.


You know what? This the one I didn't see this morning. It's very rare. I don't see a script for the show. So Lou, you out of pocket for that. Shout To my boy Lou. I don't give a damn whole team hurt again. So You know the patience don't give a fuck. Pace is wild. Got patience. Gotta roll to the conference finals again. Everybody's hurt. Cecil beat Tap. Dame. Dame Littler Hurt Torres Achilles. Mo says you gotta play. Who out there Play. Literally there's nobody else out there to play. We sorry about Tys turned up tonight. What's they called? The can charge. Who's getting pulled? Who's getting Come on can charge. Get your ass killed on Iani bass please. Bases clock.


Call him up If Imani Bass. Come on that court tonight. Mon Bass on the clock. Jerone Y. Stupid. Are Your money tied Jerome? Let's See it. And I fuck with Iani Basses but patience Are four. Yeah. Imani Basses. You're on the clock buddy. Yeah, I'm tired of excuses of why y'all losing win. It is usually how to pace season go. This is, is this a bus win? Let's go. Yes. Shout out to Kenny asking coaching, coaching the year, which I did bro. Y'all, you went with this right? You are the coach of the year. We gonna test the limits tonight. Oh the whole team hurt baby. They better play boy. The the pace is over there Marley. You better play with we just put up a great effort. No nigga, everybody hurt. Nah you hating. We don't need an bro.


Get you a our defensive. Our defensive ski look. Get you a top   Yeah. No reason he got no reason to go for the Cavs at at all. It's nasty work I played for, I played for Kitty Atkinson. The more cur on the seven of my dog. Nigga you don't have a Cav jersey nigga. I ain't for you Gain. I played for Kitty Atkinson from Indiana bro. I played for Kitty Atkinson. The Marty Carro on the sa Jordan. Jordan. That's my boy. He called me the other day. Jo my dog. Yeah. DG fuck With you gay go this game. Yeah, but I don't give a shit. Patience at five. I don't care who plays tonight. I'm from Indiana. That's about it. Shit.


I played for the Pacers allegedly at this point. I had a good year. I had my favorite year of playing basketball with the Pacers. But shit, they don't come do no fucking podcasts with us. Right. Facts. Shit. Fuck I room for them niggas for If all three of them do not play y'all that'd be crazy. That's Gonna be and I hope they don't. I Don't care. That is crazy. Y let's, let's have a real conversation here like They, how is fault though? Like real shit because DJ is praying at night and doing that boo shit. I don't waste my prayers on the, that nigga got that dog, that nigga be in there poking at nigga's ankles and shit. Oh man, I see that shit you did to Mobley. I knew it so I seen you roll his ankle. That nigga stabbed that dog. I To make it to the Eastern Conference Fund only because I know it's gonna to be us.


We bro, we not gonna have a show to do y'all. Nah they fuck around beat the pa the Celtics two games though. I ain't gonna lie. No I swear they, they might bro. You talking about No they just as good as the mix bro. They shoulda have beat the Celtics last year fool. The Pacers bro. They not game one. They ain't like this. They the same type of teams bro. It took a one of the best shots in NBA history round Beat us at game bro. That shot is fucking ridiculous. Piss me off to this day bro. Oh fuck that. I'm with the pace. No you're not. We don't seven no Shit. Y'all do that goofy shit over here. We don't want You. Nicks and Patience is crazy. Oh they like the same team bro. They middle of the top. Yeah they are the same team though. The same shit bro. I fuck with the, I got you bro.


I, I actually like the Pacers Jay Mill, they the only reason I game seven, the only reason I don't root for the Pacers is 'cause this nigga literally if he did, if he was just like yo yeah the Pacers is cool, I'd be like I fuck with the Pacers man. I like how they play da da da. But he be here fuck this shit. We hell nah because we be niggas nigga talking about Oh no. Fuck it. Excuses be better. Five. Fuck this KJ Pritcher. You know what time it is? Pace at five. We already stepped it man. Nah, and I, I actually like pri but guess what it is him. It ain't y'all. It's him Tyree. I actually like how you play? Get my boy Money bass some burning tonight. Oh He is? Please Get 30 bro. We're down. We're down Five stars get 30. These niggas bro.


We got Jerry Allen and Donovan Mitchell. Our only starters playing crazy. No they been telling me all year about they fucking role players. Max Tru is great. Let's see it. It's time to see how it's time. Niggas the hoop, it's the playoffs. Who said he was great? Nigga told me how good Max Stru was. I don't give a shit. I don't even like, like him. Not you. I'm not saying you brother Dean Wade. Y'all gonna tell me how he gonna get, who the fuck is that? All these C fans. My Mitch told me all these niggas are supposed to be great role players Just stood on the calves. I ain't sit Sam scared of None of these niggas. Fuck with him. That's my dog being white. That's cool. Hold on, hold on. I never, I said the Cavs are a good team. I'm not. That what on Tonight Trisha Thompson is starting for Let's go pick if you into out wait until Tyree got Iceo.


Oh man I can't wait. It's gonna be great basketball for sure. We're moving on Warriors and T Wolves let's go but y'all ain't gonna do my niggas like that. Come on Kenny. Coach your ass off tonight. Draymond. Rudy go beard. The key match tonight. The real game by the time we got to some real shit man it all Work out. How you see Randy Gordon caught Edwards the legend killer. Yeah. Yeah that's hard. That's a fact Too. Damn Randy Or say that shit about me man bro it's what they call me. That's cool bro. Sing your song and and we're gonna get 40 on these niggas tonight y'all. You in Minnesota.


It'd be your own nigga man. Randy, I trying to get you on a podcast for three years man. You call it out. He ain't get no buckets. For real. He getting 40 on him tonight Bro. Okay so you, you going on with the T Wolves tonight? Oh for sure T tonight. So this for this Tves Bro. Okay Mo you going T Ws too? Yeah, yeah I'm taking T Wolves game one. Okay. This game one though. A verse Steph. This might be Dope. Another seven game series. This might be dope. It's gonna be a great series though. I feel like they all gonna be good. Jimmy, Jimmy gonna kill Jimmy back in Minnesota. Ooh they gonna boo this shit out there boy. They think they gonna boo Jimmy. Yeah he gonna get more boos than me. That's Gonna turn him up though. Fuck around go crazy.


Yeah He gonna get Boo more than me. Yeah all the matchups in decisions gonna be hilarious. I can't wait to see what Draymond does in his first quarter. Oh my god. I'm taking the Draft Kings over on Flagrant tonight. Hopefully Rudy Goldberg's You know stays the course if he let Draymond get in his head. It is. It is gonna get ugly. They'll fuck around Beat the shit out of the the Timberwood You did Gotta put Julius round there. You can't even let Rudy guard him at this point today. Who do you think gonna be though? Well had Take Rudy out at some Point. Who you think they hate the most in Minnesota They Have to Bro. I think Jimmy the most hated person in Minnesota. Minnesota. Yeah. Nobody else did nothing. Him and Sebastian Tail for That's a crazy watch. Why Bassy They fuck Ba Bassy act like NBA young boy while he was there bro.


They wasn't fucking with that bro. He Played in Minnesota. Yes bro. And You know what's funny, he Played with K Love, They showed a picture of LeBron posting him up at a BCD camp. They were just like imagine you being 17 years old kid just gotta go out LeBron James at camp. And I was like hey y'all can disrespect him now 'cause I guess whatever how you feel but don't have disrespect bro. Bassy threw the fire Bassy bass. You need to watch that. Nah, Bassey Was cold for Sure. Yeah I'm just saying Bro that's the best documentary, the best documentaries I ever seen in my life. That wasn't just some kid bro. Cold of of, I don't know who owns the footage or whatever. Bassy need to bring that out on Netflix. That shit that should be most watched that's Watch that shit every day. I was Like this swear god nigga had me dribbling up steps nigga Shit Fucking up these steps nigga.


I don't live in a fucking Property. Don't that I'm dribbling up and down my house nigga. You didn't live like that? Yeah I like Different Steps. I was piss on them steps. Littleslippery Elevator all across that Motherfucker. Yeah I'm like what the fuck Legendary basketball documentary tap in man. I think yeah Jimmy might be the most hated Minnesota. I would love to see who else they feel about that but oh it's probably, I'm probably a strong third. Why they hate you so much? Just 'cause you went for what's her name? Nah, 'cause of this damn podcast. That's why they he was Jeff left. Cool. I say he even do nothing. He got his ass on YouTube. Soon as I told the J bullet story I fuck didn't hate me. Like why the, you didn't do shit out there.


Like why had the shot to go to the playoffs? I ain't go for 15 years but Alright. Talk your shit. Talk Your shit out Okay y'all nigga it sucked like a motherfucker before I got there y'all was ass but that's why I went there but okay that is funny. But now though, Minnesota lit now though and it's a fire city. When it's actually lit though the playoffs, they, they go kind of crazy though. Alright, before game Monday I want to, I'll shoot y'all some Grace. Y'all want to go serious prediction now Y'all wanna see y'all Game one goes I'm, I just got them winning game one. Okay you said I think it's gonna go seven but I'm with them, I'm with Minnesota that so, okay For sure. My favorite, my second favorite player in the league.


Jay mcds gotta have a big game though. He gotta have a, gotta have one of, he gotta play well against Jimmy Jr too. I know they gonna put him on, they gonna put him on Steph. I know that. But he gonna have to outplay Jimmy of a couple of these games though. Who's Guarding Julius Randall For the Warriors. That's the question. The Warriors play that small ball shit. So I'm assuming Jimmy probably gonna be on Julius Randall. Mm Who? Moody Buddy Hill. Whoever they start gonna be guarding ae. Oh Lord I don't like that. Oh Lord he is good boy. Justin another One. Cue your song nigga. If Moody is out there 40 green light pistol ride I'm sure to God Gonna have to be Jimmy Jonathan Cam come your money boy you better go out there.


That's what we need to start speaking more The show gonna bro that's future. We gotta start speaking more on matchups 'cause who's guarding? Who buddy? He like hey buddy, he been playing defense though. Y see yeah that's what Minga look like right now. Y'all see Future do cut. That's what I'm saying. Yeah I was crying. Why the Sykes is crazy? He did though because shout To the back gala man. A lot of Wild patience. But this should be a good series man conversation. My nigga had a piano on his back. I said this shit's getting outta hand bro. Yeah It is. Nick Minaj look fired though yesterday I didn't get to see her man. Where my girl at man?


It's been a lot of put my boo up there. Yeah she nah let me stop for somebody hit. She looked, she looked amazing yesterday But nah that piano on bro. Yeah, rockstar bro. Andre 3000 bro. I fuck with you gang. Why the fuck is you walk around with that big ass PI Mean the me guy. Who the fuck is that for you to act The fool that look like the nigga from Five Heartbeats? Yeah I I guess hey ASAP Rocky having the, the pistol as the umbrella holster after he just beat a gun charge Elite. Yeah that's hard. Yeah I ain't, I ain't really tapped in. Yeah, So those, those outfits are meant to be OD though? Yeah. Oh okay. For sure. That's why Lord no I wasn't meant to get to this point in life. Oh yeah because I would've been that bitch you Ain't walking in that bitch with no sweatsuit.


I Would've walking that bitch with a Dickie outfit. Yeah. Alright Man. Moving those shout to the Met gala verified buckets be here. Who was getting to it yesterday? Oh man this is tough but I'm gonna give it to og. Okay OG Hooped OG bought out yesterday. He looked like the best player on the floor yesterday. Looked like don't misquote my words but yeah for sure. OG 29 part of that big comeback. That show held it down for sure. T who you got man I'm gonna go with Yos man. 42, You know MVP real MVP. Okay. 42, 22 and six is a hell of a game man. Shout out to the best player in the NBA move. Who you got SGAK.


He ain't shoot the best but he got his numbers. Come on man. Thirty three ten eight can't complain about that. And I'm gonna show some love to JB Jalen Brunson Hooped out yesterday Clutch player of the league for a reason. 29, 4 and five. Yeah Goodwill soon be here. Who did some encouragement this morning? Pingus. Oh It oh This Is the reason why he ain't come back in the game Josh Har boy. Baseline finesse come here. Hey Yeah that boy's sick. That's tough Bow That boy, boy. Bow shook up. That was it. Hit the showers can Shook the shit outta you. Literally. Hey good move Josh heart.


Wow that's tough. What we got next? Eric Warren Che ain't strong. Yeah he going crazy. Hey Che gotta hit the locker room. I'm his the weight room bro. Chegg gotta get in the weight room this summer. Get your Little bitty ass outta here. He like way too little. He probably weigh like hey Come on bro. Look crazy bro. He probably like one 10. Come on bro. Aren Gordon. Didn't he Punched him in the chest bro? Yes bro. Hey there's a draw that Russell Russell having a fast break. He just ran straight into his sweat chest and just pearled. I was like bro you gotta block that bro. You are big bro. Niggas get dunked on but it just look worse when you super skinny like that. Your fall is a little different than everybody else bro. Yeah Like when Vince Carter dunk thumbs out it didn't look that crazy bro.


Like he looked like you about to hurt yourself bro. Hey yeah he gotta get some weight for sure. Like he said Mo hella way for Eric Gordon. Yeah Aren Gordon game two game winners. Yeah get well soon to che hung. Damn damn boy. Hell of a day for you at the office. Yo. That parlay me was crazy. Told y'all niggas man it's okay Chet. I'm still believing you though bro. Yeah I'm saying get the rebound because we really beat these nigga you just missed these free. I didn't bro Beat then you and you got beat that shit face Shot off. Y'all did not beat us bro. Bro you got this big country ass nigga hit this tray ball and why You shooting so early Nothing didn't matter What a shot Losing to Aren.


Gordon is crazy bro from a three. Hey Aren Gordon one of the best role players of all time at this point. Aw see he is. Oh bro. And I don't fuck with him. He making Moments bro. He Best in his team. He gets pass. Russ Aren Gordon is the one of the best players all time. He's one the best role players rope bro. Stop. He got championship beating the role player, he got his team the second round. He's A really good role player bro. He bro bro one of the greatest of all time that trade from Him to Orlando Train franchise. Yeah. I wanna ask y'all this question. We didn't speak on it either. How y'all feel about the the strategy of fouling up? I feel like it worked bro. I think Che just missed free throws bro. Yeah we really won the game. He just missed free throws bro. If he made the free throws nobody would be saying shit.


Okay. Oh Do y'all foul in that situation where they don't have a timeout at the end like that because you had joker off the court. I know a lot of people have some thoughts about that. I just wanna see how y feel. I know we skipped over that but you think it play it right? It is what it is bro. It luck. Lucky game bro. Just got hit Free throws. Make Your free throws bro. That was a conversation bro. You Do gotta make your free throws But what these niggas win man. Now he geeked up bro. I'm glad he having a motherfucker do your face like that bro. You deserve it. Yeah, He had a rough Before that bro. He had a bad week before. That's good. Bounce back. He deserve talking about a good week. Talk about that bad motherfucker. You get so Man.


Hey the funny thing is, this is hilarious too. The broadcast team for the Nuggets was scared as hell when Russ had the ball and that fast break. What the fuck? It's an old Lord. Lord please don't let me move like that when I'm the age bro. Hey stop disrespecting Russell Westbrook. I'm happy he getting his get back. He deserves all of it. Go back. They thought Russell was supposed to put in bitch for game Up. Hey, if Russell would've put in for game bro, he'd have been my goal for sure, bro. That would've been hilarious.


Hey, can we please show the the Lou dot please? I know we, you said nigga said no, No, no, no, no. Oh Lord. Oh Lord. He is good Joker's out of pocket for this man. A real villain. This is like I be here verse wallow man. Lemme say you are you all right brother? Hell no I ain't all right. He's like get your up. I I didn't beat to hit you like that brother. Ooh ah come on. That's a fine dog. That's not a basketball bro. Yeah bro. It's not a basketball move bro at all bro. Why is your elbow behind my head bro? You talking as out. That's why. But see, but right there, that's why you gotta have both hands. Y'all said that look lame for niggas to do that.


You gotta have both hands on the bottom On me. That was out of pocket. That's crazy bro. What's worse That or the The Ron test. Ron Test. Oh Rod test bro didn't even have a ball bro. He just randomly Elbow and then tried to act like he was celebrating. That Was only go to Ron Artes bro. Please show that please. Ever since that moment bro, He started beating on his chest bro. He's a fucking lunatic. He's a fucking psycho Oped bro. Jay far and we had him on the show. He is a good dude. We had better world peace on the show. That was the Ron. Yeah bro. Nah, this was meta. Okay, respect. This is meta. He was, that is a very valid point Jeff. He didn't have the ball. He didn't have a ball.


He Did this for no reason and he, he got a bucket bro. Duck His ass. He didn't try to act like he was still celebrating. Got a Bucket bro. Now when I think about it, he wasn't even mad. Why are you standing in my way bro? But why do that Though? I don't think, I don't think Ron saw. I'll trying to get the ball. Rod didn't see him As he Look, look at his face y'all. He not looking at him. Rod, that's a no look bro, he can Feel him bro. Damn he don't get hyped that bro. They said James And that's Ron Artes. Ron Artes two 60. You know what's crazy? Yeah, yeah. Boom. That's a knockout bro. It is. And then he kept getting hype.


Ah, I knocked him out too. What's crazy as fuck out? He really dunk the shit outta search right there bro. Bro. But like then he Tweaked out. He know how to channel his emotions bro Out bro. Why a gift bro? Let's get a dosage right there man. They ain't had a dosage right yet bro. Now that's one of the greatest. We talk about role players. He one of the greatest role players. Very go bro. But why did he that got the same tips and J Hard didn't wanna get up and fight at all. He could. He was out If he could. He like, I'm cool bro. Bro, he had CT from that right there bro. James hard bro. That hurt. So hey you see how nobody else slid? It was a reason bro. ABA did. No, nah. He would've got slid bro. Chill out. Serge went over there, bro.


He went over there. He Would've done Serge on his biscuit bro. He went over There eventually bro. Damn. For sure man. Listen man, we got some great games tonight. We, we'll be back In The Morning to recap 'em all. We appreciate y'all five 20 In The Morning, The Volume


Military veterans and active duty service members. You could become a certified cyber warrior with just 12 weeks of training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand and it pros with these skills often enjoy abundant opportunity and a great lifestyle. Protect our people. Liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats, skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. That's my computer career.edu/cwp.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.