
TNT Sports on True TV is here and is bringing you action for some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There's also a new slate of original shows of podcasts like the Steam Rub with EJ and Chuck and above the fold. With Jemele Hill, TNT Sports is taken over Prime time making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starting at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Defense fits. Will the Owner of a red Sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop With Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what your Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere and boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


Coming soon to Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. We Have to catch this serial killer I don't kill For afoot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have Another chance. The clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I have no idea 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Monday. Happy Veterans Day. Thank you to those who serve. We are back at five 20 In The Morning. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells to my steam co-host to my left. I got Bishop Hendrick to my right. I got t. Good morning fellas. How y'all doing Saturday man, what up the long weekend in sports? We going to keep you up to date and everything going on. Most importantly, we're gonna start with a couple basketball finals last night. Celtics beat the Bucks last night, came back from our early 17 point deficit to take the lead one 13 and 1 0 7. Listen man, we thought there was supposed to be a preview to the conference final. Right now it's looking like the preview to who get lottery and who's still going on to the playoffs. Oh for sure man. It is. It's wicked in Milwaukee.


Yeah and you can tell, you know what I'm saying? It it's, it's a little bit of bad energy between those two teams. Giannis getting to it with JB yesterday. Man listen, a couple things happened. Let's start off with the fake handshake. What's up with that man? I mean I ain't supposed to like you nigga. Like watch out got hit with a joke. Braxton used to get hit with it all the time about JB Fox bro move around my boy. But that was more of a Braxton joke than a JB Fox joke yesterday. The fake handshake though. Fake. That's some, that's some childish shit I'm saying bro, get it out the bud nigga like We don't fuck with you. So it is what it is. Nah, but After you elbowed him I thought it, you know, I mean you could tell it's a little something else there. JB handled it cool though. Yeah, It was funny though 'cause you know what I'm saying, he get into post conference and we'll talk about that.


He is like he's a child. But listen, you was a part of this, you seen it firsthand that close out with jt, you know what I'm saying? With Giannis, some people feel like he slid a foot underneath there, some people don't. But you know it said it's starting to become a reoccurring thing with that. Is that a dirty play or that's just like a crazy closeout? I'm not gonna say it's a dirty play. I don't think Giannis is a dirty player. But for sure, I mean when you play basketball you make a conscious effort to move your foot like out the way. Like when I close out and we playing in the men's league, I look down when I close out I kind of like, I don't wanna lend on somebody's foot and vice versa. You know what you're doing Kind of. Yeah. And in a way I probably think it's a little dirty but I don't think he intentionally wanted to hurt him though.


Most definitely. Like you said, he doesn't have a reputation for that but at this point people were like, all right, maybe the first time we saw this happen previous before give it a pass. Like this one's like all right bro. Like either you need learn how to start closing now. Definitely we do. So I'll start thinking this is intentional anyway. Yeah but it's, I mean when you lose you do kind of weird shit like you wouldn't imagine that you would do. You trying, trust me, I've been there. When you can't get a win you just start, you know, we gonna, we gonna win the fight kind of. Yeah, most definitely. Yeah it seemed like he was in that one alone. Listen man, yo was doing everything he can to win man. They wasted another great Giannis game yesterday again. They was up 17 blew the game. But his first 40 ball of the season, they still take the L man 2.8 on the season. No, we talking about 10 game samples.


What's, what's up with Milwaukee? What needs to happen? What do you think could fix it? He you got any suggestions for these dudes right now? I mean we talk about it every week bro. I guess you gotta wait till the full team, it's back and rhythm so you can see if it work out with Chris Milton or not. But other than that it is, it is just spooky right now. Is that a lot to ask for though? Is it a lot to ask for Chris Milton to be your savior for this season? Yeah, I think they try. They need to make a trade. They tried to make a trade. Nobody wants to trade with him. I don't know who you trade. You probably got Trey, Bobby Porter. He the only real trade option you got. I mean you can't trade Dame, you can't trade Gianni. Bobby Porter is the probably the only person you can get rid of. You probably can get some solid pieces back for him but at this point it don't look like Giannis is happy.


They need to bring TA back. I'm telling y'all. Oh that's, that's the missing piece. Yeah obviously. I mean you never seen him play this bad or the, the team to beat this much in a disarray. You gotta, it's something missing. It's probably ta I ain't gonna lie. And for sure like like you said Dame is killing this year. Giannis has killed what he's played. Even some games together. They killed together but it's just like it still ain't enough And like we never have too many performances from Giannis. He just like all right well he needs to do more. Nah, that ain't his fault right now. He playing his asshole. Like you said, maybe he doing a lot with the the Celtic situation but he just trying to bring some energy like some urgency. But as you said other teams ain't looking like they really wanna deal with them right now unless it's for those two players. So listen, we already know they do Coach changes is Doc is got good this year.


Does he stay some All Star break? They Probably good for the rest of the year Doc. Yeah you can't fire doc. He fired too many coaches. Yeah It looked bad bro. But Doc was never the answer for this team fair. He needs some guys to hold people accountable. I mean Doc man he made all this money, he chilling man. He really don't care. Like Doc is like me in my last couple of years in the league. He like yeah I'm just here for the check. He mailed it in. Yeah why wouldn't you? I mean I don't know how much they paying on them but know it's probably a pretty penny at least. Yeah 6 million or above. Yeah take care of if They lose, if you fire me, I still get paid. I don't care Doc what 60 something years old.


He'll give, they go play golf or something. They said the rev reverse effect like they did for Joelle. Now when we suspend you, we making you play Doc. Nah we gonna make you stay on your check. You ain't about to get a free bond. We gonna make you Coach Moore. I guarantee he show like fire me. He probably really hired Darvin Ham 'cause he like, he felt the Lakers did him dirty. He like I know I'm gonna get fired. Like you gonna be up in line. You gonna do well he probably on some, some shit I did with Tys Jones. For real. You know what's crazy if he really was just like, you know what, hey listen this is the best job security in the world. I'm gonna hire the most unders and high assistant coach and if you fired me, guess what? This sucks for you. That's petty as hell if he did that Darlingham Really? His God though. So Yeah D him is dog. I wouldn't say he wouldn't but I'm I guarantee you he hired him just 'cause the Lakers did him dirty.


He felt like the Lakers did him dirty. He was like I don't even care to be here man. So they probably gonna get rid of me. You gonna be up in line again. You gonna do a good job. Who? Him and Giannis. The funny thing is in the hypothetical world, if Doc is not there and Dar Behe gets the bucks back on track into the playoffs, that would be funny as head of that'd be fucking classic. Dar Behe need that. I he Be Laughing. He need that. I guarantee you Dar Behe probably do a good job with the Milwaukee Bucks. Mm It's the Lakers bro. Like if LeBron don't fuck with you, it's over bro. Most definitely. I mean like we said, we talked about this last episode but even with Frank Vogel bro got a ring they still was just like yeah we still don't care. You get outta here. Yeah.


Facts. Yeah. That's crazy man. The bucks fear the deer. We gonna have to stop that slogan. I mean the deer is still out on the loose bro. A deer, Damer Bambi, it's on. Yeah, I say you see what happened to Babi mama, It's over. That lady is throw. Damn. So y'all having deer meat soup With that's In the back wood. I ate my shit on crackers nigga The deer meat On me. Damn bro. That's a hell of a appetizer. Is that that? Yeah. So it's quiet. That's not a culture. So it's really quiet for So they not even a a top five duo no more. I mean name me Honest Yes technically, but realistically at two, two and eight you're not the top anything. Yeah they the Top for the Cooper flag sweep spaces.


Oh one Clippers for sure. Great. Highlights No S Respect. Respect. Shout to knuckleheads another team that's struggling to the east, the Sixers, you know what I'm saying? Survived the horny yesterday 1 0 7, 1 0 5 got they first home win. They are now two with seven on the year. Man shout out to the 76 ERs. They playing great. He's a hater. Nah they, this is not it man. I'm glad my boy getting well though. Tyrese Max getting the break that he deserve man. So hopefully when everybody come back they'll be back on the right track. It's still early so Definitely listen I gotta y some love to the Hornets man. LaMelo Ball went crazy yesterday. First of all, the shot he hit to go to OT was absolutely filthy for you to be fading to the corner out of bounds like that bro.


That's nasty. Yeah It is Showtime for real bro. Yeah, 38 piece eight times And also what he did to the Pacers on Friday. LaMelo Ball Man it's time to show some more respect because he, where's he at in young? Some morning superstars in the league. Man He top of me. I know how I'd feel about him but he had the top to me he a superstar bro. For real. I always feel like he was obviously Allstar early success before he got to the NBA. But I'm, I'm rolling with LaMelo Ball being a young superstar at least top three. Yeah he a top three. pg mm well I ain't gonna say pg, I say Young Superstar, I think he's, I don't know about PG bro. So he Say Young Superstar you gonna say like Anthony Edwards, LaMelo and who else Luca are they still considered young Luca?


I hope Luca is not considered young anymore but I always say LaMelo is a young superstar. Ja Well Of course with Ja I think the influence off the court for me is heavy in that conversation 'cause all the young kids rock with LaMelo and the way he play obviously he ain't really accomplished much yet outside of the all-star. But the way he rocking bro when he's healthy ain't too many people who can rock with him. Nah he he cold. But I also wanna show some love to the young rookie Jerry McCain. I know he paint his nails and he do his one too or whatever but he hoop like nah he hoops 27 was big for them. Yeah, Yeah he he did his thing man. What he had a career high 28 or something like that. I think he had like 27 but 27. They probably need to figure out how to get him more into heavy rotation. Yeah They gonna have to win Maxi come back.


It's probably gonna be Kyle Lowry who misses a little couple of them minutes 'cause they gotta play this kid they got to, they need his contributions too man. He can shoot that ball. Yeah facts Most definitely. Like we said man outside of Maxie being hurt you know and B supposed to make his day be on Tuesday. Y'all think the affiliate can turn around the next 10 games, you know have the first nine games with him. How do you fill out their next record is first 10 games with him coming back. I mean he is a MVP lovable player score 30 points a game easy. I think it's gonna change their whole season around. His dynamic is different than anybody else's in the league. He's the main focal point of that team and getting your main focal point back. I think it's gonna make it a lot easier for pg, for Jerry McCain, all those dudes.


I think they gonna go on a little run. Most definitely. I mean obviously it's our job to be critical earlier in the season but I was just like seeing what you saying. Okay their best player isn't there and they have practiced to be around their best players. So now we'll see what it's like now after the next 10 games is spooky. It's a totally different conversation but I think once Ben B gets back I think it's gonna be a little bit different. For sure. You just gotta stay healthy bro. That's it. And play. You sat out enough bro. Just play. Yeah it's going. It is going be tough though. Not playing that long And they probably, they gonna lean on him a lot. He probably gonna be on a minutes restriction at the beginning so it's gonna be interesting for sure. I don't know Paul, George gotta gimme a little more man. I don't Yeah yeah he ain't yeah.


Need you to be quiet. We're here please. He is UA right now. Alright. We need you to be like I'm talking about when he's healthy and playing. Oh I say he is quiet right now Twinsies Right now. I'm talking about when he playing bro. Step it up bro. Especially I'm still bad at you for taking that shot away from Reese bro. We waved off, that's when the Hamra injury happened after Wave Off Still tight out there bro. Paul George average in like 15 what? 15 points or something like that? Yeah it is not, It's not the P had like 18 yesterday And he's consistently run that mark. But I I agree like we need you to be that Be a dog bro. If you, you a max player Yeah Be a dog. Yeah that's crazy 'cause when people say you know age and situations matter but nah, if I'm paying you as a max Rob bro I need Max Stats.


Yeah bro He's not 40 bro. He Averaging 14. He got Jeff Teague stats in Minnesota. I'm I'm asleep bro. I'm sleep bro. For facts. Yeah nah for real like we didn't bring you here for that. Nah not with your like them stats are okay if Joel and B and Tyrese Maxey are playing at super high levels and you just the odd man now and you getting 15 but you locking up. Yeah they maxi hurt and Beat ain't played yet and you averaging 14 mm Dare I say Tobias Harris numbers. Yeah like you really Tobias Harris. I'm just saying that's what Harris did. They was killing Tobias Harris killing me for it bro. Nah Sebi is 14 and ain life I'm saying but his teammates was healthy.


Nah, you right, you're Right. And he I I guarantee he put Tobias hair on this team right here with them two dude out he get you 25. I'm My lie On everything killer boy. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna put too much faith into Tobias hair. Shout out to him but I, I listen y'all gotta stop disrespecting Tobias hair. Nah He's a legend at the Debate I think. I think y'all slander him because of the amount of paper he made. I'm not but he was really a solid Nah I'm not saying you are bro bro. The people really do on Twitter especially be killing him. He's one of the best role players that the organization has seen bro. Well I would say if you look at his stats in the last series that he played for the Philadelphia 76ers, he deserves all the lander he gets stop but that's get the series bro. Get the rock bro. That people are hurt bro. He had every opportunity show bro.


Bro I'm okay to have a bad album bro. I'm not LeBron, I'm not pg, I'm not Kawa bro. I'm allowed to have a bad album bro. In fact I, I had a solid career bro. Definitely He More than solid. More than solid. You got respect the back Like so. I respect it. Shout to Tobias man. Speak bit mid crazy listen man yo doing with yo does crazy game yesterday get some Mavs. They got the dub 1 22 to one 20 NPJ game went in floaty six seconds left. Hey man yo is doing what he does another 30 point triple double 37, 15 to 18 man he is Jesus Christ. Oh my goodness we talking about it bro. He putting the team on his back man they be getting to it. He's unbelievable bro. Like the fact that he doesn't like we gonna keep stressing he doesn't care about basketball, he's just good.


He is just better than everybody. This is where you gotta learn skill development. This is like me going to my coach's corner or whatever. People gotta be more skilled like the pe the American players right now we lack skill. We like super athletic and we can do one-on-one training or whatever. We can do a thousand step backs and a thousand dribbles. He's just a really good basketball player 'cause he is skilled and he got a high iq like he's not athletic, he's slow as shit. He built funny and he out here getting 37 points 15 rebounds. 18, I mean 18 rebounds, 15 assists in the African American League. Yeah with a straight skill. Yeah like we laugh when you say I got the athleticism of Yoic like everybody oh that shit's hilarious And like shit, fuck it.


Take my athleticism away, gimme this I want those bro. Nah facts Like that is crazy. Four Straight games average of 29, 14 to 15 bro That is crazy. Unbelievable. And what's so crazy is in respecting world to Joe NB 'cause he's a hell of a player but it's a hell of a difference between him and Yo Kish To me like it's just a difference even though I've seen Joelle dominate the way that joke is dominate is just simply playing the right way, doing the simple stuff, not doing too much. Making the right reads bro is crazy. It He's just more dependable. Most definitely like you want to play with somebody getting 15 assistant 18 rebounds like yeah the way he plays bro NB ain't doing that. Nah, the way he plays is unbelievable bro. Now listen, we know he, he's a reluctant winner but it is another MVP season for Yolk.


Yeah And he don't even wanna win the MVP And he didn't play every day since the NBA started. Yeah Because he played, He already got my vote bro. Yeah He at Anthony Davis are battling for MVP but Yoic we so used to him being this good that we like surprised that Anthony Davis is like, you know we kind of shocked like Anthony Davis man he's playing, he is playing this high level. Yeah. Then you go look at Yoic you got 30 triple double averaging 29 and we just like bypass it like Yoic being yoic. It is crazy and it's so crazy. Is the way that he produces it is just like whatever the team needs tonight. Alright. If they suck tonight, all right cool. I'm gonna kill, I go for 40. Everybody else going crazy, I'm gonna dis distribute. It's crazy bro. He really dictates the game. We gotta respect it man bro he, he was literally the best player in the NBA and it's crazy 'cause he has, he doesn't meet any of the eye tests.


Like if I go in the gym and I see him, I'm immediately like not picking him. That's Crazy. Even at that size. Like when I, when I walked in the gym and I seen Jackson Hayes and I seen him, I'm like oh yeah, yeah let me get Jackson Hayes like you just looking, you ain't watched him play or nothing. Oh I See what you're saying. Yeah, yeah. And Jackson Hay Hayes ran to the basket and dunked. I'll be like yeah, yeah but I'm rolling with that and then they start playing. He gonna give Jackson Hayes a thousand points that first possession. Yeah he gonna be like what the hell? Like he don't need the eye test at all. He's sloppy built. He walk on the side of his shoes. Like He definitely though he tear them hoop shoes up boy. Like he be treating 'em like the two small forces they be leaning. Yeah bro it is no way you would pick him if you seen some of these other guys like Andre Drummond even like you'll be like yeah, yeah I'm gonna go with him man he look athletic, blah blah blah.


Oh yeah he killed him bro. He the co old dude at the hoop session in the rec league just he showed up fresh off the gig. That Was me back in the day bro. Out the yo bro Bro sort to guy put me in the post me him. Man Luca though, like if you look at them they like yeah they don't meet the eye test at all. But see the thing for me with Luas, Luca talk a lot of shit. Obviously Yoka ain't no saying either, but like Luas start off with the bullshit. All right, I'm about to kill y'all real quick. Yo just like, all right man let me, let me hurry up and get off the clock so I can go home and do what I wanna do. Yeah, facts but like I think Bro just saying like you, you walk in the gym and you see Shay. Yeah and then you see Luca, you no racist shit. It's like Yeah I'm, I'm, I'm he looks more like a basketball player. Yeah I'm gonna roll with Shay like Luca look like he smoke cigarettes, drink beer and he does.


Yeah. And yo should look the same way. Yeah they look like they smoke squares and drink beers and then they the best two players in the league arguably like it is crazy. Yeah. I can't wait till we get a world where they both play the same team. I want that to happen man. I don't have fight in their pro but that would be fire. They could both be on the same team. They just way too skilled. They way more skilled than everybody and be able to laugh besides like Kyrie Steph Curry, you know the greats to the greats but like everybody else, it's not it like light years ahead of us For real.


For sure man listen, taking it over still in the Western conference man the Ember's NBA cup is here and you can win big Getting in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams splitting the six groups every Tuesday and Friday playing for the right to advance in a single elimination in season turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the Draft King sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the Draft King sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right. Club five 20 CLUB five two oh and be $5 and you can get up to $150 in bonus bets. All the Ondraf Kings, the Crown is yours.


TNT Sports on True TV is here and it's bringing you action for some of your favorite leagues, including Live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and more. There's also a new slate of original shows of podcasts like the Steam Rub with EJ and Chuck and above the fold with Jemele Hill. TNT Sports is taking over Prime time. Make it it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starting at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


Hey it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find Your Seeds. I appreciate the support people. Eat that Brazel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay this is starting to get old. Save on tagline, cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Coming soon to Prime Video you can Call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best And created by Ben Watkins, Multiple victims I connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for Foot. This killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room's. A lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're Gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to dress his gut against S'S head. The clock's ticking. He was in my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


Yo. This is DJ Wells. A Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture pods. Where Designer handbags or the real deal and all your favorite dish tie sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any Doit Yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling or retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


This is an ad by Better Help. What comes to mind when you hear the word gratitude? Maybe it's a daily practice or maybe it feels hard to be grateful right now. Don't forget to give yourself some thanks by investing in your wellbeing. Better Help is the largest online therapy provider in the world connecting you to qualified professionals via phone, video or message chat. Let the gratitude flow. Visit better help.com to learn more and save 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp.com.


The Warriors man you gotta show some respect man. They took care of OKC yesterday. 1 27, 1 16 obviously we know Che got injured in that game. Unfortunately he's gonna be out for eight to 10 weeks, which is crazy. But Steph looking like Steph man dropped a smooth 36 piece before we get there. You know what I'm saying? We gotta see the Timet for Isaiah Harden time. But I wanted to talk about the Warriors. It's looking like 2022 Steph Man and Dre. I don't think he gonna be on vacation with you man. He almost got there, you know what I'm saying? Swinging that old boy like that. But listen, like you Seriously, Dre was out of pocket for That Hell for Lou dot swinging on him like that. Yeah bro. Chill bro. That was a lot bro. What you doing fam? Ray's the youngest man don't hurt him man. Well he already messed that up.


He did swing on him hard though. Dre out of pocket. Dre. Let me find out you touching them. Shrooms bro. Shrooms in Black Forces is a dangerous combination. But listen, Steph killing it looking like he could take this team somewhere and the rotation's been good. We've been talking about 'em now it's trying to respect him. I Have y way. I always Believe in step. He said it was the deepest team they had. Paul said he said they was gonna be good and shit. I guess he proven us wrong that we thought we it was gonna suck. We thought they was gonna be on vacation early. Well I did not really but Bn did Buddy. Yeah I still don't believe, I thought Buddy Hill would be a good piece for them 'cause he fits how they play. But I'm not gonna say I expected this and we might be wrong about Minga.


Mm. He might not get a max deal but I he gonna play himself into some money still though. It might not be what he thought he was gonna get but he still gonna get a cool contract 'cause he still be hooping mad. Man. Ki killing yesterday And it's funny just 'cause Che got injured, contested his layup yesterday And it's funny 'cause Chet made a tweet, he was just like I'm mad that I got hurt. He still made that layup. Yeah like let that shit go. But the way he's rolling to the rim off them screens bro. Right. He just diving into the basket, catching the ball finishing bro. He's gonna make a lot of money doing that. Simplifying his game For sure. Yeah. Instead of trying to be the guy, he's just trying to be one of the guys and he's fitting in perfectly right now off the bench. And then like some of them other guys that y'all don't talk about like the Anthony Milton and those dudes perfect up for them. Yeah they hooping the Warriors got a good blend of young talent and old heads and they kind of mission it all together and it's kind of coming out Right.


I'm a De Anthony Milon fan. I've always liked this game especially way he played in Philly and the way he played in Memphis. He's one of those other guards you could play next to Steph who can still create, still make the right play and hit a open shot. Yeah. Yeah they got a, like you said, a good combination of great solid players. Yeah. Be here. You gonna follow by in man? Nah, you need no 10 games of respect The Warriors. Yeah I can have y'all talk bro. I'm asleep on now. Anytime you got Steph though, like one of the greats or the greats, anytime you got him you always got a chance like he can make the game. Like I was watching something D Derrick White was saying when step start hitting threes people forget how to play basketball. Yeah. Like he like makes you, you do all type of crazy stuff. Like you start running at him, two people start jumping at him now he just throwing it down and Draymond getting layups.


People that don't usually score start getting easy basket just because he made a couple threes and I watched it last night. He hit a couple stepback threes. Okay see he forgot how to play basketball. They start flying at him off screens. He was throwing it. The trace trays getting layups, Minga getting layups. And that Steph Effect is real. Is that, will it separate him from Dame? Yeah, I mean Dame, he can make them same shots. So I'm never saying that Steph don't have a different effect than Dame on the game. I'm saying Steph Dame and Steph got the same kind of capabilities. Like they both can make shots but Steph just has a different effect. Like when he start hitting threes, you think he gonna make every single shot like you like oh Lord. And next thing you know like their team is geared around Steph so they ama they'll get him open, they gonna do everything and they possible to get him open.


And once they start doing that and he's making shots, everybody else becomes 10 times better 'cause he is gonna make the right play. Yeah. Everybody like you said, when Steph starts going everybody gets undisciplined. Yeah. All the game plans go completely out the window and then you look up and you want a 20 to five run. Yeah. Facts bro. You forget everything that happened. You start chasing him. Everybody trying to make sure he doesn't get an open three and they getting layups. Most definitely. Also another great game in the, yesterday we had a OT thriller, you know what I'm saying? The Kings took care of the sons yesterday 1 27, 1 18 obviously K's out with a hamstring for a couple of weeks but you know what I'm saying. Der Rosen 34 yesterday dominating ot. They brought him there for that very reason man. Yeah. Killer bro. They not like us. DeMar doing what he do good to see him lead them boys to a victory though.


For sure. And what's dope about that team is you already got one of the greatest closers in the NBA that don't get enough credit in Dre Fox. Yeah. You got two people in the clutch that you can get a ball to and get isolation or creation from both of them once they figure it out man the King's got a roster man they just need a little bit of more chemistry from me. I like them better than Warriors. I Don't ooh I don't see the only problem with that is historically the Warriors beat them. If it wasn't for them having that type of a situation to where they historically kicked they ass, I would feel differently. Fuck history. There we go. You said this Up this year I'll take yeah I'm taking Sack. If they meet up in the playoffs, gimme Sacktown. I'm on record today saying that They don't got enough like the Beam, they don't got enough.


I like them, I like DeMar, I like D Aaron Fox. But when them the Warriors match up, the Warriors match up well with them. They got a bunch of wings that can guard. Not gonna say they gonna lock Deebo up but they can guard him and they got a bunch of wings that can guard Dion Foxman that allows Steph to roam around. Don't have to guard nobody, guard Kevin Herder. No disrespect to Kev but it is like Malik Monks a bonus. Yeah but we, we cool with not playing like y'all gonna play through Kevin, her and Malik Monk the whole game. We cool with that. We need it. We need to see when that, when that matchup happened throughout the season when they played they already played right. Did they Played one time already? Warrior. Alright We gonna back Warrior.


I want pick the, I think the Warriors one. Mm We're running that bed up too. Okay, I'm on that. So you rode with the Kings and Warriors? They meet up okay To match up. I mean obviously K was hurt yesterday but the Sun's still looking good. Nah. Yeah they stray bro. Great Game. Bradley Bill yesterday he was waiting to get the opportunity to shoot the ball with Katie out and did his thing for show book also contributed. I think they gonna be all right. Like you said Bud got them playing at a great level. Yeah once KD get back I think it's up for them too. But You gotta show you I can win without kd. These next two weeks gonna prove how you are without me. So I agree. I better figure it out. And they, they have the capability. Ty Jones play great yesterday as well. Like they gotta squad man they can figure it out. But again, KD is a person that makes that team go to where they're supposed to be.


Yeah. Listen man The Blazers, they shouldn't even be allowed to be in the Cooper Flat sweepstakes anymore. They should be in the South Bay sweepstakes because they're getting beat by 45 and genre. Red didn't play as stretch. Crazy. They're Doing what they're supposed to bro. Bro. Losing by 45 is crazy. The Grizzlies beat the Blazers about 45 yesterday. I'm not even gonna give you a game final box score 'cause it doesn't matter. They lost about 45. That's nasty. They do what they supposed to do bro. You said put 'em in those sweepstakes. You gotta do what you gotta do bro to get it bro. Now Jeff always talks about, you know what I'm saying, if you don't score a hundred, you said you sad score 89, you sad bro. You can't score a hundred points in this new NBA.


Y'all outside bro. I'm just keeping it Real bro. I know what they doing man. Keep going. I'm with it. I I can't wait till the next segment show we got, we gotta play the Chauncey billers post game bro. Free Chauncey man at this point Chauncey man just get the check bro. I swear to God, if I was the coach of the Portland Trust Brothers, we would never have shoot around, we would never have practice. We'd just show up. Who Healthy. That's who playing tonight. What would your, how many people would you play? Everybody? Oh Whoever we five in, five out Ymca, whoever Make the most money, start whoever next in line.


I wouldn't even care. So I gotta ask how long is, is Tee keeping that job? That first 10 ain't lose streak of that five bucks. I'm losing, I'm losing about 45 points. Playing real trying to coach 'em. Exactly. I got a better chance just letting y'all play Free. We all need to agree as an organization. Let me keep my job now. Dammit. This let's go with the plan though. Let's go with the Plan. I don't even lie. I don't even care about the job at that point I'm be like, I tell yeah I y'all can fire me. I still gotta give my check. I But you don't want to go down like that. You Going down like that. Give me, give me another year. This is year two for Chauncey. Give me a, gimme me another one man. Why would I want third time is a charm bro.


But you know how works Chance to get Cooper, you Know how this works. What gonna do? Y'all still gonna be sad. Even if they get Cooper, they gonna fire Jocey bringing a new coach. Yeah. So guess what? Y'all wanna fire Me? I'm about to. Hey, end of the season we gonna start winning the games. Nah, we I'm not, I'm not no, no power to that. Chauncey will be a coach. I'm, I'm Not saying ch ain't ain't good coach but he just in a bad situation. He's, he took the job thinking he had Dame Facts. Now that's a, that's a true story Right there. Yeah. Now you don't got Dame and they give you this. Yeah. And no shot, no disrespect to school Henderson, no disrespect to anybody on that team. But y'all score 89 points Out of pocket bro. I agree. Like no disrespect but no respect for yesterday's performance. I know with Sunday boys is chilling but getting 45 piece with no jobs crazy.


Yeah come on. Like they, they, they were cheering for Yuki to get his first points bro. That's nasty. Come on bro. Get well soon babe. Just can't wait to talk about them later. But last but not least, man T Woods took the L yesterday to the heat 95 94. Eric Boer still showing why he is like that 'cause he drew up a game winning play that was filthy yesterday. I'm not mad at that bro. It was a nailbiter with The out of bounds play for that one. Yeah. I ain't mad at the Game winning dub or the late. And what's crazy is another low 900 point game man. 95 94. I mean but that's fair bad basketball that's a part of the, that's a part of the game bro. Bad basketball. When we, when we both score under a hundred we smooth y both sad, we Smooth.


Well it was either really good We not sad. We not sad. What's the heat Record? We not sad bro. Oh we Gotta Google that right now. The heat. So 500 I know that much. Oh you can speak on the heat all you want but you ain't talking about Minnesota. Minnesota They they up and down team like It's just the beginning bro. It's a hundred games in the NBA. We on game nine Free band. But you can tell by the tendency of people like what kind of team they gonna be. Yeah. After 10 games. Hey that's how they did with Melo. The analytics kicking after game team game 11. All right man y'all can do all these analytics, all these stats. We'll see bro. After Allstar came like I don't care nothing about that. I Don't, I ain't saying and and and Superstar ain most definitely he gonna do what he gonna do but the rest of that team is up and down team like some people played beside theyself last year.


Like I like McDaniels, he's a good player but I ain't putting too much stock in him getting 20 a game. Yeah and and One thing I think that people need to realize with them they cut them a little grace even though they playing just fine. They did go over a crazy change in that team bro. Losing Kat picking up new pieces. Everybody has to adjust. I mean they still figuring out and the real JR is getting to it too but I mean tough game yesterday for sure. But I want to ask y'all, who's the top dog in the west? So gimme your top three teams in the west so far. I know we just listed a couple contenders. Who y'all rocking with so far early in the season I guess for now you could put OKC Most definitely. I'm taking Denver putting then I thought, I thought the Warriors in for the grace of the beginning of the season.


I'm gonna go back with Denver. I think they gonna be in the top dog. I mean OKC losing shit. I think that's gonna hurt. Definitely. He is about to be out for a while. I know the Warriors are playing well but I think Denver's starting to find that groove. Russ is playing good off the bench. Jamal Murray came back big night the other day. Most definitely had 30 piece. So I think they gonna start finding their groove and the Warriors, they hot right now and I know when they start getting hot it gets spooky in the league. So I'm gonna go with the Warriors too for sure. Obviously we gotta see how they play with our kd but I'm gonna show the son some love man. We didn't expect the sons to be as good as they were. They started off hot obviously him getting hurt, it kind of derails that a little bit but if they can maintain while he's gone or they can string together some wins while he's away, that's gonna show me something.


For real. It's like you said the real test of that team is going to be if they can win without him or win if he's not having the best night. So most definitely you gotta show some love to the sons man. Like you said 10 game sample a lot to talk about but we got something else to talk about the Knicks and why they suck because they lost to the Pacers yesterday and not because you know what I'm saying? The Pacers are a bad team. We're just a good team when we play good teams and we had, you know what I'm saying, historic knife in Benedict Mathre, my boy 38 piece career high Tyrese. They was talking bad about you. I kept the receipts. My dog 35 and 14 something slight yesterday. What's up to, we figured it out and K Nicks just boom Boom. Them Kmart recedes. Nah, he just made some shots. Kmart. Well he made shots. He a different player. He had some threes. He, he a different player but all right, good job.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? We beat the Knicks, that's what we do for a living. But let's talk about the Knicks man. What, what can they do? They had some key con like contributions yesterday but still came up short. They lost Divin Chen that hurt them. I'm telling y'all Trey and Divin Chin was, he was not the heart and soul of the team but he was the guy that gave him like that spark. He made big shots, he hit big threes and he played hardest shit and they had a, he let everybody else be great. Yeah. Like he let Jalen be great. It wasn't too much pressures on him. He just shot his threes and played hard. Mikel Bridges is not the same. He don't got the same effect like his jumper hit or miss. Nah, nah ain't same effect.


He don't cut as hard as Di and Genzel like he used to be. Mikel was known for cutting super hard and making corner threes and now you just don't see that really Seemed like he got relaxed after he got the bad. I Mean but he was killing in Brooklyn. Yeah, but I'm saying though he just comfortable, he's just comfortable bro. Bro. He to find he don't got the dog in him no more. He trying to find his way with that team. You know after going from Phoenix where you had your role with CP and all those guys, somebody you know, you're a young guy trying to find your way, then you go to Brooklyn and they give you the ball and you like the guy you averaging 28 doing all this crazy shit and now you go to a team where they like go to the corner and go back to your normal spot like you was, he don't know how to fit in right now.


And it's looking like, like you said the Divin Zel effect is the fact that he allowed everybody else to play comfortable and do what he was supposed to do. That type of effect on the team. I don't think Bridges has that same type of effect because He don't wanna be the third option no more. Yeah. And I don't feel like he think he should be. Yeah. Yeah. It is a big difference when, you know what I'm saying, when, when C but other two Away way better than you though. Yeah, but And you chose to come here. Yeah. Yeah. But I think de chance just, he just fit that mold better. He was a New York nick type of player. Yeah, for sure. And I'm not saying Bridgets is not, but he had already found his role, played hard fight, do everything. I hit my three and I talk shit and he actually playing Will in Minnesota.


Like he hooping in Minnesota. So He was a John Starks. Yeah he had that John Starks type of Yeah. Yeah. That type of vibe. And it's funny 'cause we seen, I mean I say success but you know Saint Boy Line 500, nobody expected it necess to be as good he leaves and now you got Cam Thomas and then the Schroer shooting all the shots. So I don't know man, with the Knicks, I've always said them getting OG and having him, they have got to figure that out because it looks like it's not helping that team. But you know they're not that good anyway. But Cavs undefeated, Hey man, they've been talking on the internet streets man. They wanna see how you feel about this Yo 2015 Hawks. They won't smoke with it with this new Cavs team. Oh fuck them up. Oh Okay on me let's go. I Swear to God we would've messed him up on me but they got, they had a better score than us.


Obviously Donovan Mitchell be the overall probably the best player in the series. Mm. If it ability to score the ball. But we would've killed them. Let's line 'em up you and dg. We would've broke, we would've beat them too easy. Okay, at the two you got Donovan and who, who was the two of y'all team quote unquote Kyle Cor. Yeah that's tough. After the three, Isaac and Carl and Yeah we we won that. Yeah they the same people. Low Loki. Yeah definitely. Now the four five is where it get looked. Pop Millsap, fuck Mobley up Out the gate. Yeah he Chris and him and Stretch Al Harford fucking stretch up like but like Al Harford's still playing right now bro.


Still producing. Yeah it still nice. We would've, we would've beat them. Nah, I got y'all for sure. I hate on that team. I'm The only team that was smacking us was LeBron. Nah, Mitchell good. He not Brian. Yeah he not he not Brian. Like we Good. I agree, I agree With that. Like let me see what we played. That was him like on them runs. We played Darren Williams and Joe Johnson. Mm. You know what I mean? In the first round that Brooklyn team. Yeah we played then that Brooklyn team, not that Cav team. Not better than that Brooklyn team by any means necessarily. Nah, no. Darius Garland not better than Darren Williams. No Donvan Mitchell not better than Joe. I mean it's a toss up but at that time period and not no disrespect to Joe, I think the time period makes it plays a part in that conversation too.


Yeah because that was a older day Williams that wasn't Utah. Darren Williams. Yeah but he was still nasty still. No, No respect for sure. He still Into it. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I don't this this 2020 I told y'all this is the Tebow of the NBA right now. Shout out to your man. What's his name? Kenny. Kenny Out to Keith Ka. Good job. Nasty but it's over with bro. They was comparing our teams though. That's funny as shit. Yeah they said the hottest starts, they said oh it's LA Miami made 15 Hawk team. I was like oh they gotta chill bro. So they putting that cap on. Y'all already Cal? Alright I'm rolling. I'm rolling with Putting the cap on. Already know they Gonna start calling y'all the little Giants here soon. All my life I already did. Ain't no soon y'all are them right now bro.


Yeah well dang they might. What they got, they saying they might have four All Stars. No we better not. They better not who dg They having four Allstar. They think they better not. They better not. I could see that though bro Mo East. They better not bro. Bro. Respect to everybody's great season. No Jared Allen playing great. Jared Allen being an star. I'm not mad at Evan Mobley playing good too though. And Moby not supposed to be all Star needs and that's no disrespecting him. He mo he playing great though. He is cold. Y'all know Darius Garland. Darius Garland and Donvan Mitchell are solidify all stars for sure. Okay And Jared. Jared Allen's gonna get it 'cause he's playing crazy at the fall. So Moby, what's Mobley Having? Three is crazy Y I'm sleepy. Having Four is nuts bro. Three Hey three is realistic bro.


If Evan Moby, I mean 18 to eight, that's solid. Gotta respect it. I ain't Allstar. I know I that's my favorite. 1218 a eight. Nah Respected. If they go Four no Four's crazy bro. In the east, if they number one, if they number one in the east and they all averaging what they averaging, they might get four bro. Look Milwaukee down. You can't be a all-star if you your record like they shit is right now. Yeah Giannis is still gonna start Tyrese Maxey was gonna be an all star. He out people have Paul George be out. Yep. And B we don't know. He might be out.


You know he might, he might make the All Star team but he might sit out play. So Jared Allen might get his spot. Jerry Allen gonna definitely get a big position 'cause they ain't too many code. I'm sleep bro. There's too many killers out east bro. I don't care bro. Tre young bro. I'm asleep. No they record too bad. Oh Bro. LaMelo getting an Allstar spot for sure. LaMelo gonna get an Allstar spot. Nothing on Jerry Allen and Evan Moby and I love Mo but bro no that's crazy. I don't, I don't wanna start hating the cast but y'all, y'all getting four all stars that's gonna make me start to hatred. I'm rolling four all stars for the cast. That's nasty word. 2015. Invite me To the game. Cleveland, I'm believing I'm rolling. Kenny Jackson, coach of the year. I can't wait till they lose an turtle. Look, I hope Kenny coach the All Stars but you only bring two of the guys bro.


Nah, you got three. He get four. Tripping bro. Four. They deserve, it's only 12 spots. I've been there before. I know what it feels like For us. I know you dude. You deserve it. Nobody watched that shit. Yeah they Did. We was in New York. We was in New York. We at the Guard. That's Why I had the worst weather of the world. We was at the guard lit. I shook Jay-Z head. I don't know where they Allstar game at this, where is that? New Orleans Ghost, San Francisco. Yeah. Yeah. Can get four Bro. Nah, four's nasty. I don't even wanna say on this point, but that's, that's gonna really make me start hating the Cavs. I wanna respect them and how good they playing. Four. Did Y deserve three? Tyree ain't making all Tyree. Who? Hallberg. Alright. Okay. What he have last night? He had one good game. How Did it stack?


How many people had 35 and 14 this year? I'll, I'll walk away with it. It don't matter. He Tyrese Mc an Allstar game for sure. Unless he's injured or not playing. Tyree an Allstar game. He averaging go to Tyree Stats. He's shooting him a great 26%. Dang on the third. But guess what? The Patriot got a better wreck than the Bucks average. He average He having a bad season than average 17 eight and four. Oh My god. An Allstar. That's not Allstar. Wait, wait until, wait until we, that's he's played terrible. Not at the goal. I'm saying not. Listen at that rate right now. Mobley Allstar Book it. Yeah. Y'all crazy bro. It Evan Mobley des If it is, if it started today, Evan Mobley deserves It over. Mob makes the Allstar game over to Tyree Hall Bird.


I'm getting very disrespectful on this podcast when I'm just waiting. We gonna wait until February bro. You basing It off. I know y'all be texting y'all buddies and shit but Angela shit man. So look at the stats. Me. That's his. He better not make it. Hey Tyree, they got you fucked up. I know this argenx the podcast but they got you fucked up my nigga. 35 or 14. We smack the nigga what the books have they what We not talking about them, they saying but Y'all just gonna make it regardless. Most definitely Dame gonna make it regardless If the bucks are 2 25 and Dam, I think Dame gonna make it if they don't get their record right though. But he keep playing way better than Tyree right now. Most definitely play better because y'all got two wins speaking play better be trying To get off the pace.


So We good. That's a real conversation. We the damn boy on the pace. That's a real conversation though. If Tyrese is, I didn't know he was averaging that and he's shooting Horrible. No, he had, he's had four horrible games this year. That's why I said him still having that stats after playing that bad. I'm not worried about it. He gonna get the stats and it's crazy. Is we injured right now? So like Rick has no choice but to play Benedict Rin and so now it's like that's crazy. That's, that's that's the, that's the nasty part about it. That it took everybody to be injured for him to have to play him. Man he scores 30. That's a terrible Organization. Nah, the organization ain't bad shit Bad Not the organization. Nah Rick. Yeah everybody to him. But beyond her


TAT Sports on True TV is here and it's bringing you action for some of your favorite leagues including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and more. There's also a new slate of original shows of podcasts like the Steam Rub with Eja and Chuck and above the fold with Jemele Hill. TNT Sports is taking over prime time making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starting at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from Way downtown Deep fits. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what's your Restrictions and limitations. Apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Coming Soon to Prime Video you can call me Detective Alex Cross based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best and created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for afoot. Ms. Killer Thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lot of speakers out there, he actually believes he's an artist. You're Gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's funnest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross I learned to trust his gut against inside's head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can't 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 Podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's ventures, fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture pods. Where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any Doit Yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics. The 2:00 AM can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible can carrier and timely redemption required card Has no cash access and expires in six months.


Hey bro. Back his G League debut. It was funny because all the family showing up looked like it was the beginning of a JV game. I know that that's their family but LeBron being there is crazy. I know that's his son. I know, I get it but bro you not supposed to be at the G League game. It's only like 20 people at a G League game. If I was a the James family. Well how are you gonna tell them what to support? Support. They gonna support his son. Nah bro you did enough supporting bro. Nigga you are going to Reese's t-ball game. I'm not Going G League game. You, You Are though. You might have his jersey on. Yeah that sounds bad. Might had a job. Cosplay. My son is crazy. A sold out crowd. My boy had a 56.


Oh my god. Two for nine. You know what I mean? Had five turnovers. What we did, Somebody on Twitter said he had a seven days of Christmas stat live six points five Supposed here nigga said bro that's why you gotta get rid of your beat. It Just I'm, I ain't gonna lie bro. He said I miss my girl and posted it. Niggas was bad. He did? Yes Said Don't go back.


I ain't gonna lie. Ly Hayes at 18 and nine. Oh that's nasty. If we doing Achill Hayes, I about Bro We gotta prepare Hayes and bro. Lord Jesus. I ain't lie. I love you bro. I like bro too man. Damn my favorite player bro. Because you don't give a damn. You don't give a fuck Bru bruja man. I ain't gonna say that. Just vibe shit. I heard somebody call him an influencer and that was like the perfect Oh that's crazy bro. I'm in a league bro. Now that's like the, that's a perfect description of him bro. He's an influencer playing basketball That To call him an influencer.


That's what Gilbert Arena said that Gil out of pocket because Gil trained him, said he was an influencer And I think that's like the perfect thing. He's like an influencer playing basketball. Like he gonna have the most sold jerseys he gonna bring. Oh yeah ignorant. He gonna bring fans to the game like the G League might be lit just because of Brony. So he's an idiot Love for the G League. Yeah. Nah I ain't saying like that bro. He just got a huge following pulls like people, people like him. They do but people, so many people want him to feel that. It's crazy. That's why I don't want him to feel that's I rock. I'm not talking about us. Of course. That's why I rock with it 'cause everybody wanna to feel fuck it go crazy but have your whole film at that G League game is crazy bro.


Don't nobody be in there but scouts and coaches bro. They don't even sell 'em tickets on Gametime at You can't get 'em Snoop. It Was sold down bro. It was so bad. Where did they Sell them for it to sell out? I don't know bro. But yeah Gametime, Look at it. He top 20 in NBA social media. Like more father than Pat. More father than Pat. I'm bigger than fat bro. He's an influencer. For real. I, when he said it I was, oh they disrespectful then I thought about it, I was like they right. 'cause his he, his hooping ability is just Give it Tom. Gosh Listen, I just give it Tom. I just want somehow some way, you know how the Fed vote matter so much.


Vote Party in is a start it Allstar game. Fuck it Man. But to have, He probably is To have them stats and post your girl and say Miss my baby. That's Outrageous Bro. Bro I'm rich bro. I don't care about this bro. Yeah, I've been rich bro. Oh my lord. Back to life. That's crazy bro. Because my dad wanted me to hoop with him in the league bro. I ain't tripping about this. Yeah, for sure. Alright. Tonight's games man. See how I feel. First off, we got the Nest at Pelicans. Who y'all rolling with? Get well soon. Zion, Hold on before we go there. Mike, how much is a G League ticket? You can't follow It up?


No, I think Mike, did He find a G League ticket? Oh does that say 92? Put some respect on Brony name. I swear he's the influencer. I got respected. He's a real influencer From $200 to a band. If you pay a thousand dollars to go a G League game, you need to call the anonymous line because you need help. See these, These are stats that y'all don't know. We got real information here. Somebody. What they Ronnie Bro. Somebody paid a band to go see bro. Bro Sold it out. I'm the biggest and I got more followers than Pam Holmes. Flex it because you saw out at G Game. It's crazy. That's hard. That's hard. Oh my God. Alright, that's hard bro. Shout Man.


Shout hard Bro. That's hard bro. That's hard. Hey, oh that's hard bro. I'm hype if I'm the other, the opposing team. What? Because I'm security. He got it lit in here. Any weak. I'm about to kill him. His pop secret too. I'm about to kill. Oh man, that's crazy. We can move on though. I just, I didn't wanna brush over That. No, that's funny. That's A hell of a ticket Price. Hell of a ticket price. Next that PE y'all roll it with. I'll take pills. Take the Pelican. Tubby Tubby. Oh yeah, that's definitely the first of the Tubby double hitters. Ronnie had six in the G. Like Michael would never, they said I thought that was bad. That was Bridges up there.


Hey, hey man. People was stupid. I didn't do Jordan teeth like that. That graphic. Why they said Mike never his don't separate. Mike never had six in the G League. Ronnie did that argenx Stupid internet though man. That's nasty man. Wizards at Rock. So y'all got G League. That's ain't too, that's the, that's the tub. Tuby Doubleheader Rockets. You going with the Rockets? Hey Jalen Green. We'll talk about him a little bit later. Show. Oh my God. Jesus Christ. Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna go with the Rockets. I think about that little white boy every time he jump. Jesus Christ. My get well soon. Most definitely Kings as Spurs.


Oh it's some Tuby classics tonight. Yeah, the Monday Slate is is not the best tonight I got the mark getting 30 again and Spurs taking the L. Sorry, taking the L. Okay. Teague. I Tuby class. Oh damn. Triple header Clippers at Thunder. Another I show a little bit more respect man. Clippers been playing good. Nah. Hey Norman Powell is been hooping killer. Yes. I ain't gonna lie. I we need to talk about that. We just having a little segment. Norman Powell said, oh PG living more opportunity for me and he's been playing way better than Paul George. Man PI told y'all he said Bro, he was like We don't need him. I'm here. Respect bro.


He killing Norman Powell and straight up and shout to my dog Kyrie on Twitter. He brought this point up and he said something I didn't really think about but it's very true. Hey man, that James Harden trade really worked out for the Clippers because if you look at it, they lost to two people. They relied upon heavily and he's been getting 'em through right now. I know they ain't doing their best but they still floating above because of that trade situation. A lot of people thought James Harden was done and he's been contributing this year. Him and him Paman killing. But James is back to his old teams. Like when it was just him rocking out. Yep. Know what I Mean? Giving him the raw players he need. Come on. 25. 25. Yeah, that's that's getting to it. Yeah. He being way more productive than Paul George. Even like Paul George last year. So I mean he said it though. P he getting to it.


Yeah, check. But I still got Thunder tonight. Still got Thunder tonight for sure. I'm gonna go with the Clippers. I'm roll with Thunder. They gonna get a bounce back. Last not least Bulls at Calves is Bulls handing the calves they first lost. Even though I'm a CVEs fan now. Damn. The Bulls are going to take care of the calves. Somebody gonna have a trolling. That 2015 Hawks hate coming out. Nah, no way. I'm gonna c fan invite me to the game. I just think y'all gotta lose. They You Y'all gotta Lose. Y'all gotta lose at some point. I think tonight gonna be tonight. I think they will lose. I just don't think it's gonna be by the Bulls tonight man. Yeah. Nah, not to them For sure. Man. Listen, a lot of action yesterday. Verified buckets. Who was getting to it last night? Mine is going to Yoic Bro. Going to Yos?


Yeah. Come on Man. It is. It is a hundred percent from the three, a hundred percent from the free throw line. Trip Dub Big Trip Dub. Crazy Triple Dub. Yeah that's, that's me all day. T Who you rolling with? I'm going with IU football man. Come on man. They 10 and old man. Ty five. What's they theme song they face on? Hey, hey we want some bulls. Hey what'd you say? What's my boy the white boy? What's my boy name? They doing shit. McAfee bring us on bro so we can do the fight song. How you hey we want some bulls.


I'm tell you right now. We go there city. They gonna kick us Out so back we pack. Gonna turn it up. Oh man. The collab. Nobody ever knew that they needed make it happen but 10 and oh though for real. 10 the first time in school history. Come on top five man. They got a big game coming up against Ohio. Say they get, they win bro. Change a whole lot. If they just keep it close bro. That's that's, they might make the, you know the playoff man. For sure. And speaking of college football guys show some love man. The buffs. Come on man. Seven two Colorado. Shout out to the buffs man. Feel me? The real golden black no wake for shit. You know what I'm saying? Like shit, I told y'all we here baby got the best quarterback in the nation. Ka best two-way player in the nation.


True. You know what I mean? Y'all didn't believe bro. Y'all had us down bro. I still don't believe they ain't play. No it's Only a year or two. Yeah, We on schedule last year. Quit. I'm gonna quit the hate it. It is a, it is really impressive to see what he did with that program. Most definitely three years bro. That's incredible. Brand new team too. That's incredible bro. Man. But nah, Respect to Dion. And what They won one game the year before he got there. Yes bro. Four eight in the seven two so far. Yeah. You gotta respect it. Yeah, gotta respect it. He a hell of a coach for that bro. For real for sure. Hey man, my verified buggies. Come on man. Ick Mather career high 38 piece. So how dare dare you. Yeah. Nah. Speaking of Tyre. Nah, I walk on my team. You cannot Speak on Being yo, your segment was earlier.


Shout out to my dog being 38 piece. My dog. Rick had you fucked up bro. Now here get into it. Watch for them fake niggas. Y'all. He wanted the tra Ben, he wanted the trailer. Lemme clarify. I said if Rick wasn't gonna let my boy cook, we might as well a trailer. Ain't no point in having a dog and you can't use him now we using him. It's up. You did give us on them hard. It's on camera. Don't worry about it. Shout out to your verified bucket. I thought you was going at least put some respect on Kyrie at 43 killed yesterday. Come on Mino. It's my go shout to Kyrie 43 something slight. I had to show some love to Ben man before. You know what I'm saying? Kyrie do this My respect. Hey everybody hate when the patience.


Hey I love it though. 'cause Friday night my phone was buzzing when we got smack bottle hornets, I said damn. Hey t Beat your Ass. We needed that back. Hey man, get well soon. Be here. Who needs some encouragement to start that week off? Probably filthy K. Double C Boy Get out the way. Nasty. That wasn't for you bro. Hey what's so crazy? This K come to him. Just did you know what I'm saying? Great rotate defense. Do what he's supposed to do. But yeah, Jalen Green said fuck all that. That's crazy. Yeah that was a, that was a wild. Well K Had a little back and forth my was it last year? Yeah, M and k had a little back and forth. So to see him punch on him like hey I ain't gonna lie. That duck was crazy.


Yeah, because what you doing K, get out the wave. Oh Jalen green bro. He one of the more athletic guys in the league bro. He freak. Yeah, that's that's different. People ain't got that. Yeah, well soon to the Blazer is losing by 45. Chauncey. I've seen the post game. My boy was going through it. He like dang we suck. Nobody wanted to fight. That ain't your fault man. Stop caring. Pull team man. Man, hey get your check man. Also, Jerry Golf throwing five TVs is crazy. I mean five interceptions is wild. Yeah, who cares. That man got the win. Shout to the kicker. That kicker went from selling bricks. Not those kind of bricks. Literally should Have kept it.


Yeah, he probably made more the kicker. My fault. Not that white girl. Christina go do y Research. You gotta keep it going. Ask not the brick that's on this wall. You the brick y. He went from selling bricks in Detroit. Oh wow. Man, he was a real Tuby movie to kick it game with it. Phil Detroit sign a shout to the game bro. Damn Skill of golf out the game. And what's crazy is because last week Jerk Off had a crazy stat line bro. He had like two tds only like 60 yards then winning that game yesterday, despite having five interceptions is insane. Yeah, the Texans y'all deserve less. He was throwing that mug blindfolded or something crazy bro.


Five picks is crazy. You should not be winning the game. Throwing five picks out to the Cowboys. Hey that's unnecessary. Unnecessary. Hey man, it was a cd Lamb Perfect Ball. Throw his wife, he, I couldn't see it. The light. That was crazy light. That light was bright as hell bro. They said What you want us to do? What? What? I don't give No bro. We're losing. Catch The ball bro. What did Jerry Jerry Jones say? Want us to tear down the stadium and build a new one? What the hell just die man. I mean just Wow. Just, Just like dirty. Hey that's a new Nike slogan game. Just do it. Just upside down Nike sign.


Oh Lord. I mean just like give us on Jerry Jones. Good will, but like just like Crash out. Tell somebody good will at the end Is crazy. Just crash out bro. Crash down. Yeah, just crash out the last one because, but your team's so sad and everybody hates you for making your teams just crash out bro. Your players saying the stadium crash out bro. Just start saying whatever you feel he he has. Well yeah I gotta say the last time we got talking about, he was talking about what they was doing underneath the belt. So Yeah, I don't wanna see him un un loose like that. That's crazy. I do crash out bro. He gonna say some slurs that I ain't gonna like. Yeah. Crash out like you on your, you know you on your death bed they say, you say whatever you feel crash out bro. Oh, so he needs a Quincy Jones moment. Yeah. Quincy Jones was wild on his last, all one of the best interviews of all time.


Tap in RIP to the legend. He put all that SMU on. That Richard Pryor man Nigga was crashing out. That's a podcast topic. That's a podcast topic's but we'll Talk about that. Listen, be here this Monday. People wanna win somebody start their week off. What you got for 'em man? Yeah man. The divorce court special today baby. We got Shay 30 points. James Hardin 25 Don Ben Mitchell. We going, we'll do 25. Zach Levine's gonna make three threes. Kim Thomas, 25 Jalen Green, 25 DeMar de Rosen. 30 points tonight. A hundred dollars wins you a grand total of $34,000 and $59 bro. I mean 30, 34,000, 59 and 83 cents.


You said you gotta put a hundred on it though. Now you gotta Put a hundred on it. All right. Be good. Yeah, He, he started off your week. Tough. Ain't bad, bad actually. I'm looking at it. It's all doable bro. Most definitely. I don't be thinking for real. I be looking at 'em, I'm be like damn, they're really not that bad bro. Everybody can get that. Well See the problem is the people on Twitter respond and say, I didn't win today. You keep saying it's not that bad. They, they need some, they need some confidence in You got, But it's only seven legs bro. You put, when you do the small legs, you gotta put more money on them bro. So you raise the stakes on it a little bit. Come on man. Start your my day off with the crash. Well I want me start My day off with that one. But good job. He's a hate ass nigga. It's always the people closest to you.


It's always your dogs be Here. You ain't got another par late for him by Chance. Nah, that's it. Okay. All right. Crashing out. Start your Monday off right. Listen, we appreciate y'all tuning in to us five 20 In The Morning. Do not forget we got a wonderful podcast dropping at noon today with Stag Jack Live at noon. Subscribe, get ready, load up the comments. We appreciate. Y'all have a good start to y'all week. It's five 20 In The Morning The Volume.


TAT Sports on True TV is here. It is bringing you action for some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There's also a new slate of original shows of podcasts like the Steam Rub with EJ and Chuck and above the Fold with Jemele Hill. TT Sports is taking over primetime, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starting at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart In this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seat. I appreciate the support people. Eat that Brazel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours, Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


What's popping? And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind the Rumble in the Jungles, like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Makeba, All the biggest black artists on the planet Together in Africa. It was A big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski, and we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every Week we're discussing our favorite players of all times. From legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.