
Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings, Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply C app for details.


You know, you've gotta comeback in you. When you take the next step, you're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree your proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance, this is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Hi, I'm Daniel Tosh, host of new podcast called Toss Show. Brought to you by iHeartPodcasts. I'll be interviewing people that I find interesting, so not celebrities and certainly not comedians. We'll be covering topics like religion, travel, sports, gambling, but mostly it will be about being a working mother. If you're looking for a podcast that will educate and inspire or one that will really make you think this isn't the one for you, listen to toss show on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday. It's five 20 in the Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date. Everything. This sports world, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning with my two brothers to my left Bishop Prick. To my right, my brother Teg Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's saying him bro? What up though? What's going on man? Today is January 22nd, the 19th anniversary of Kobe scoring 81. Man, I wanted to remember, you know we was a little bit younger back in the days. Do y'all remember when that happened? I don't. You don't remember? I do. I thought it was a typo. I remember my boy Phil called me and was like him and Lou called, was like Kobe had 81 points and I wasn't an NBA fan back then, so I ain't really care.


And then like just hearing somebody score 81 points, I was like, that's crazy. Gotta be a typo. Then watching the highlights, he was killing him. He was killing, he did the rapper so greasy. I Didn't catch it till the next day after that shoot And like to make it to the NBA and play in the NBA and see how like crazy that is to score 80 points against some of the best players in the world. Like that is nuts. Yeah, it still, it is the highest scoring game. Maybe Bad history. I, I got Most buckets. J Rose. Yeah, the shot breakdown. Yeah, but it just, he caught all of that F for sure for respect. It just kind of crazy man. Somebody can be that much better than the rest of the best players in the world at that time.


You know like on that court at that moment like damn, like we seen people get 50 points, 40, you know, anybody can have a good night. They get hot but 80 Eighty's crazy. 80 is crazy. 80 Is nuts. I mean especially In y'all era basketball. That's nigga 80 right now. You different. Yeah. Even like D book when he got that 70, I know they lost and it looked kind of crazy. Nah, Kobe 80 bro. Yeah, it's 70. But Kobe's was like, they was down and they came back and won the game like it was needed. It wasn't like it was needed. So that's crazy. It's crazy. Yeah man. One of the best scoring performers in NBA history. I don't believe we, we need the video. So until they 81 stands, man, Anybody average 50 in the league can score a hundred.


Yeah. Facts. We ain't gonna start that today man. We're gonna start off with a good foot. Some rumors, man, allegedly, you know what I'm saying? Brad built is willing to open to go to Milwaukee, you know what I'm saying? Wave at no trade C clause in the three team build. I might send Chris Middleton to Miami and your boy Jimmy to Phoenix. Who was this by? Who made this one? Yeah, that's the proposal yesterday Phoenix traded a 2031 pick for three conditional first to Utah. The shams. Yeah. The funny thing about that is it was like a 2031 pick. It was like Utah. Getting somebody in middle school ready to go is funny as hell. That's not a popular, I think Utah just knew they had way too many picks. They had to get off of 'em. They couldn't keep all them guaranteed. Yeah. Roster spots.


So yeah, I, but that's saying that Phoenix did this obviously with the intent on making this move happen, you know, after that, that five point Brad Bill game, they just like, all right we gotta, we gotta make it happen now. Yeah, but Brad still hold the cars right now. Yes sir. No trade clause. If he don't wanna open up that trade clause, he don't got to. So it's, it is interesting if he want to go to Milwaukee, I think it's a good trade for Milwaukee. Another scorer capable player. Yeah, I wonder would he come off the bench though? Oh nah. Brad got a sharp two on that team. Think so. I mean LeBron Chris Middleton off the bench. Yeah, but I think, what's the difference? I think, you know what I'm saying, a little bit of, I think Brad's a little bit quicker.


I ain't gonna say he that much more athletic than him, but I think you could put him right next to dam back two bro. You still start 20 Prince Giannis and Brooke Lopez. That's a hell a lineup. But I mean even if he does come off the bench, that's still somebody who can get 25. So yeah, I just like Andre Jackson playing defense. I got, I think he elite defender, it's scoring that's not really existing right now, but his defenses, he locks boys up Bradley. You think so? I mean I think he let his ego down being in Phoenix, but yeah, I just think for Milwaukee they need a primary defender. I think Tour and Prince is a good defender, but Andre Jackson is elite but Brad Bill get you shooting so maybe you don't need touring Prince in the lineup.


Yeah, that's what I was gonna say. The offensive, I mean I don't know how it's gonna look but Damien Luard and Brian Bill could really fuck something up. So I, when I say figure that out, that's dangerous. That's a back court that can get 50 Insane bad court. Yeah, But that's a hell of a luxury to have for sure. How you feel about Chris Milon in Miami? Free real. I mean for, I mean for some reason Miami get the best outta their players. Mm. He, they don't do well with aging players. Like I wouldn't say Chris is old, he's just injured right now, but they don't do well. Like people when they tend to be on they last leg in Miami, they, they kind of play longer.


They take way lesser roles like a Kevin Love and all those guys. You get to play longer but your role is way less. And I don't know if if Chris is on that right now, but it's happening in Milwaukee so maybe he's embracing and like cool I can go down there and chill, get some good sun. You're gonna say I ain't too play Tyler walk into Miami. That's a Hell. Little a pickup though from for Miami? Yeah, He probably could chill get 13, 14 points and just kind of prolong his career a little bit. But I don't know. I don't know if he ready for that. I guess something not to deal though. I'm glad they getting them though. If that, if this is really real to Miami, that's solid.


Now also on the last part of this Jimmy and Phoenix, how do we feel about that? How does that look? I don't know how he feel. From what I hear he'd be happy but I don't know. He up For it for real then they they right. That's a nice, I like Jimmy brother over Bradley bill For that team for sure. Yeah. Hell yeah. What, What role do Jimmy play though? Is Jimmy gonna be a facilitator? A a defender? What is he in his role? Them two what you just said. That's what you think he gotta be? Yeah. Yeah for them to be a elite let book do his thing. Let KD do his thing bro. Be that three and D guy. But so I think he coulda did that in Miami but I guess it was just about the money right?


Yeah. He just didn't get paid. Yeah, that's What I said. Think Phoenix. This is more talent than Phoenix though. You think Phoenix extends him when he gets there? That is what I was going to ask secondary. I don't know if I keep my guys. Yeah, why not? Let's figure it out. If they don't extend him this would be like dumb, you know what I mean? Yeah. All this is pointless. So obviously if he gets the things, I guess he's getting the extension or he is gonna be there a long time. Well I guess I should ask how long do they have to decide if it's worthy or not for them to do it? Do you wait the season? Because I mean if he goes in there and has a good play, I was like we know Jimmy can't do and you, I think you have to do it. You, you trade all this, you make all this happen. Yeah. You almost have to keep 'em around in half a season.


You're not gonna learn too much. Okay. But it's still in Bradley Bill here Bradley Bill could be like my family happy in Phoenix. I don't feel like moving. Yeah, that be far. Yeah. So, but Brad gone man. Yeah. Free yourself kid. Yeah. Gone. Yeah. Bragging be like up go to play basketball game bro. Love Jimmy brother would be cool out there though bro. I'm just saying Phoenix to Milwaukee is a big move. Like you going from the west to the east. Do you win? These kids Might be happy in Phoenix. That's Cool bro. But do you want to win bro? Where we at in your career? Hey, where We at? I'm making $50 million a year. I'm happy. Yeah, I know how I feel about wins and losses, but I'm not Bradley Bill so I don't wanna speak on that man. I say sit your ass down somewhere. No, I'm 50 million.


50 million. My kids might be happy. My wife might like it in Phoenix but weather good. I don't know if we ready to go to Milwaukee so it's all in his hands. Hey man, I ain't mad at Chris Milton and possibility I'll Go play with y though. I ain't gonna lie. Huh? I I'll go play with Giannis in the heartbeat though. Yeah, Giannis and dang bro. And I'm nice. I'm out. Yeah, we got a chance to do something special. I'm out bro. I ain't gonna lie. And I ain't hating, y'all know I love Giannis that it ain't ain't that easy bro. It is true. Y'all go over there and dam, they start getting the ball this year man it ain't that easy Man. Help me man. What boss Richie say man, hey I done seen, I done seen Giannis pass ball a lot more this year.


He be swinging it to AJ Green. Hey bro, I'm, I'm Brad here bro. I I get a couple touches bro. Giannis average six sisters this year. I'm not saying he on pass swing, Swing, swing bro. I'm not Saying he don't, but he said nah this is in the playoffs. He know who I am. But you gotta think Dame is having a hell of a year. Dame has adjusted, he's learned how to play with G Tim and Gianni's got a great connection now. Now he gotta adding another wrinkle in. Mm. This is somebody else that need to peel. Yeah, Because Chris for been, Chris been out, you know what I mean? He been out with injury. We ain't really had to bring him in a fold like he coming off the bench and getting this 13, 14. But there's the Damon show now. Okay, so now y'all bringing Bradley bill in with expectations for Bill to be like it look.


Yeah, he might not be that Lit. You know I'm, you might be over there like Well shit, I just love getting five shots now I'm getting four. Hopefully it's a a a uplifting situation. I mean On my next journey And you know what, it's what coach I ever wanna see figured out is Doc Rivers D him type of Yeah man get that locker room Together. The only thing I can say about, The only thing I can say about Darvin Hamm and Doc Rivers is they do well with six men. Well I shouldn't say Darvin ham, I don't know what he did but Doc Rivers, he know how to get the six the best out the six men. I mean Jamal Crawford was lit as a sixth man for him.


Lou will. Yeah and they basically made the award popping him in Gin Nova so Bradley Bill could embrace that role. Yeah, shit might get different. I mean I have what Kawa Leonard and N Paul George on your team and then still have Lou will coming off the bench and he having moments. Yeah, that's true. Could be a role for him.


The NFL playoffs kickoff this weekend and the action is always hitting up on the field at the draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book, the official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sports Book. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits if you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food no matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions. Apply and see the app for details.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock Elite gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth high quality streaming with Intel wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo


Definitely very interesting point. We will stay tuned as this took place. Obviously this is just a rumor but we are going off this information based upon the trade yesterday that anytime you're getting rid of a 2031 pick for three first round picture looking like to make a move. So yeah, we'll keep you in up to tune in that situation as well. The Knicks got a close win yesterday over the nets. 99 to 95. KAT went crazy. He had 25 16 to six. Jay Le Brusso had 17, dlo had 23 in 10 yesterday. Man, another really crazy though. What 25 and 16 mean? That's a, that's a good day at work bro. I think that's just kind of normal for KAT. Oh oh for him. Most definitely. Like KAT had a, KAT had a cat game.


That's crazy. I gonna say boy we just talked about Daniel gaffer having 31 to 15 yesterday. It was like the best shit ever. That's crazy. That's going crazy for him though. Like for KAT, I'm not gonna start saying he going crazy. I'm gonna say KAT had a cat game. Okay like 25 and 16. He averaged what, 25 and 14 like Yeah KAT had a cat game like and he was below average. That little bit above average. Okay. Respect. Yeah. KAT had a cat game so I'm not even gonna say he went crazy. Just had a cat game. This is what we expect from KAT now. For sure. And that's interesting for you to say. I was gonna say like he's having a great season, probably his best season ever. I love the fact that we can just keep consistently praising him 'cause he playing basketball at a high level despite what happened. Like him getting traded the SM that was on his name to all the expectations of coming to New York.


KAT has really been delivering this year and it's good to see for sure man. Yeah, he's having a hell of a season nasty working the game. Y ain't only scored 99 points and 95 boring game. But KAT did his thing. Shout out to DeAngelo Russell man. He said he playing basketball free. He'll never take it for granted again. Yeah he went back to Lakers. That was obvious bro. I'm happy bro. Yeah you, you happy bro? Why would you sign with the Well he went back to the abuse though. Like he got away. It went back. I'm happy bro. You know that toxic relationship bro. Bro. I mean we all went back to that girl to put our hand, put her hands on us. I'm just saying bro. Why? Why would you? I don't know know man. I'm Just saying though. Yeah that's funny 'cause people are just like So you say you happy to go back to playing losing basketball.


I'm like no he happy he can just like take shots and not worry about getting subbed out. Yeah or he can take shots and have to worry about somebody staring at him at the end of the bench. Yeah and the Lakers fans, hey they don't give nobody no breaks boy you, you put on that purple and gold. They will go crazy on you if you have a bad game. That's Just a different type of media man. Nobody gives a damn about Brooklyn Media bro. It is what it is. Nah, it's the second. It's the second team in New York for sure. You, you just get to go out there and like he said man just be free and hoop stress free man. Shout to him. Shout to him man. I know we've talked about this man on this show plenty times. Cam Johnson listen we know we still waiting on Bee. Here's update for what they want for him as far as the praise.


He'll get back to us soon. But yeah Shams being messy so we Gonna wait to Shams man. That's your mans shams being messy man. I have a full update Friday y'all man. Sure. So a couple teasers. Look to be interested in him. The Lakers, Grizzlies, Pacers and a couple other where y'all think he goes in in that tray or do you think he stays this year? I think he gonna end up staying. It's too many picks bro. Mm. They treat him like the best thing ever happened. I having a hell of a year average at 19 but two first round picks. I just don't see somebody doing that unless they like a team, a veteran team who they their first round picks don't mean anything to 'em. Yeah, Yeah I was gonna say that it seem that two first round seems to be a little bit greedy.


Especially with some of the deals we seen. I think the Jimmy Butler trade, whatever that all concludes that'd be a better idea but yeah two for camera right now is kind of crazy. The only people that I can see can do it is the thunder 'cause they got a squad that's kind of already built for it and they got so many picks and they is Memphis got some picks. I'm not even locked in like that. But the only thing about them, they gotta extend shut and Jalen Williams coming up soon. Yeah But Cam Johnson money isn't crazy. Hell no it ain't. It's not crazy. And they can do a win now situation getting him, they can give up a couple picks and get some win now moments. I mean and especially like you said you gotta pay them but some of the people like Lou Dors getting paid too.


Somebody else is getting paid. Maybe you move on for some of those role players if you wanna keep him. But that's a hell of a luxury to have in two years for sure. Yeah, just for two years. I mean lock in, try to make a run at it this year. Yeah and then you can let 'em go. I mean your core ain't gonna be broke up. You got shit Sha Jalen that's your core for the rest for a while. Going forward for a while and you got Hartenstein so them four players for a minute gonna be your core. You can make a run at it with Cam but if not I ain't mad at the either they stay t they got a good team. Listen I would love for Cam Johnson to be a pacer but I think realistically what I would like to see 'em with, I would love to see what the Grizzlies, I think that's the team we've been talking about. It's always been needing that small four. They used to have it in Dylan Brooks but they, they can use another piece to really contend in the west.


And I like to see him mess with that team for show he shoot, he played defense, they run, he fit in Perfect. Who you think they trade though? 'cause they can't give up two first round picks for him. They cannot but no Who you think they give up? They gotta trade. Marcus smart. He being injured got to got to Marcus Smart in a pick. Marcus Smart in the first. Maybe they one of their young players maybe but Marcus Martin that's war but Marcus Martin I think he made too much money or they might, I don't know if they make the same amount of money or not but yeah Absorb something else. Yeah the money gonna have to. Yeah I think the money gonna have to match up. I think Marcus Smart might be at like 25 a year, something like that. Oh he make less than Cam? Yeah.


Okay. So they gonna have to throw another player there. They're gonna have to throw another player or something in there to make the money work. But do you give up Marcus Smart? I don't think, I don't think they want to give up Marcus Smart shit. Hey let's wall out, give up two first round picks a young player and get get Cam Johnson and get Cam Thomas. Hell no while out let's go, let's make this a full two. Kt. I'm going pure bullshit right now. Nah hell this is not gmo. I don't, I don't getting rid of Marcus smart for Cam. No I don't think you do. You need a backup guard. I mean Scottie Pippen Jr has been great. Yeah but you need a in a playoff run, you need a Marcus Smart you do a good defender. But Cam is a good defender as well. Six eight.


I'm not saying he not but it's just like the intangibles that Marcus got like the small things, he gonna take a charge randomly. He gonna go get that loose ball that rebound and they need that. It is grit and grind. They need that grit And he the only player over there besides you know like he Tony Allen for them. Yeah when he helps for sure is he bring that energy for sure. Yeah that energy when he healthy. So I'm just okay with Sacrificing that though. I'm not. Right and not to say Cam Johnson's not a good player but he's a finesse player. I'm not saying he's soft or weak but he a finesse player. Like he makes shots he can guard a little bit but it's something about that grind like Gigi Jackson back too so yeah I can't wait to see.


He kind of got that grit and that grind too a little bit. And I think him and Marcus Smart really fit that. Jack Huff was a good pickup for them. That mold that Memphis got. So for man. Yeah another piece we'll stay tuned with for sure. Maybe they give up Con Ken card whatever. Fuck whatever his name. Nah that they not Ard John Ard come with him. I know everybody do. Yeah he is one of the favorites in the league. If y'all don't know I used to do scouting. People love him. Nah for sure but people love him. He might be able to give him up for Cam Johnson be a hell of a move and a pick or something. Yeah. Long as you love. You got a chance for sure. Lakers got a dub yesterday one 11 to 88.


LeBron had a Triple W yesterday. Granted they did play the Wizard so we'll take that with grain of salt. Brian told Y'all that was gonna smack deal. I know we got the Rule a hundred team, we got a rule of 90. Right. Cools Or Jordan pulled in do shit? Nah I put money on them. Oh you put money on? You remember how I picked them like yeah they they Gonna go crazy. They gonna show up shitting me niggas In show shit they ain't scored 90 points. Nigga went out, That's what they with. Had a great time. 21, 13 to 10 for LeBron. I don't even know if they Played Did they play? Yeah they played. Oh I ain't watched that game. Yeah they played, they clocked in Good Men is too. They clocked in for a show. Oh. Ad had 29, 16 5 and four blocks.


Lakers 23 or 18. They six in the west. They gonna trend up or trend down for the rest of the season. Trend Down. They gonna go up, think they trended up? Yeah. Okay. Where they at right now? They right behind your clippers. You like man Right there will beat they ass. Who would fucked them up in the playoffs You think in? In a series of clippers would beat the Lakers On everything. Ooh that's tough bro. If Qua back we beat. If they make a beating they ass, If they make a trade and get Valenti, they not, y'all not gonna beat him. No. All I don't want 'em to get robbed Williams. I love Rob, Me Uba and Tom. Lord I love him. That's that's my dog. One of my favorite teammates. He was so cool. Super cool.


I just don't want him to go to the Lakers. Yeah but seeing that's a a possibility. Yeah I don't want him, that ain't for him. No Damn. I don't want no smoke. No. And if he get hurt, you know what I mean? He didn't have a bunch of injuries so I don't got time for the Lakers to be Oh we traded for this. Yeah it gonna be disrespectful because he a good dude and I don't got time for him be reading that kind of stuff. For sure. Brian Cole though Still lead bro. He lead Bro. Yeah bro. His, yeah we definitely bless you. We definitely got a highlight for him as well. Bruce Brown's another pickup that he said might be a possibility for them. Yeah it'd be a good pickup. I mean he would fit that team perfectly. What he doing though? Like what? Why they holding him out like he don't even play man.


Toronto's like hey you are an asset. Yeah but like how much you gotta trade for It gotta be a second round pick at this point. Has to be bro. Y don't even play him. He got no value. He don't play and it's rumored if they don't get a deal they'd possibly be like made like, like buyout. Like I don't like I don't know what they, they don't want him on rosters the rest of the year but I think they just holding us out to get another pick from that trade. Well Yeah I never understood his situation in Toronto really much. But yeah he got traded obviously with the patient situation but we gave him that that contract. Yeah I gave him the big money so everybody kind of used that as a bargaining chip because they were just all, well next year it's still an expiring contract. So you Got trade for Seattle? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's when he was hoping.


Yeah I heard you. But we gave him a nice ass deal 'cause it was like 30. Yeah it was like 25 to first year. Yeah he got a fire deal after coming off that championships. Luther Bruce Brown, they big piece need him back I think. I think the Lakers can go for Bruce Brown and Jonas Valenti is, you know what's crazy, they could probably get both of them for like second round picks. That'd be dope though. If they got both of them. I ain't gonna lie. They Get them to a ad to they team. I think they'd be really, really good. Yeah, They'd be decent for sure Because I don't think Dorian Finney Smith, no disrespect, I don't think he fit the Lakers. They've been calling him black him out on Twitter and y'all gotta chill out man. Oh they call him that they'd be calling him black and mid. It's the black out. We putting black and men.


I'm like hey man don't do that man like that bro. That's why niggas don't like playing for the Lakers. He ain't been here for three weeks now we getting disrespected. No like man, That's not his vibe though. Swag bro. It's really not. He Gotta go back to Dallas bro. Yeah he need to be around team love like the oh Jesus embracing like yeah like he, he's not, He gotta be around the vibes like he could. He been good in Memphis. Yeah You know definitely you gotta be around teams with vibes like the Lakers ain't got no vibes. Like anytime you go to the Lakers it just look like bad vibes over. Yeah but Brian's tired of picking niggas up bro. Tires hits niggas the game It look like nobody get along on that team. It looked like Brian and Ad only talk to each other and like Austin Reeves get in some of the conversations.


Everybody else just kind of, yeah bro this is work like bros so much older than everybody else. They just like look at him as like damn nerd the goat, you know what I mean? That's bro like damn. Yeah Brian go home and go to work bro. Yeah he talk to Ad every once in a while bro has hey work with his son bro. He ain't trying to talk to, I'm just saying him niggas on there 20 bro. We don't wanna go drink wine bro. Yeah where's the tequila bro? Yeah for Real, for real. Hey The vibes that ain't just the vibes like damn man. Like didn't know like I don't know who went to his birthday party but the songs he was playing at his birthday party. Yeah they wasn't tapped the youngster. That's the shit I believe that for. They played a video. Oh shit got you 40 playing. What the Fuck They would know he 40 is.


Yeah if I'm a rookie I'm gonna miss that one. Happy beat ain my nigga they had, I think they had mystical played at one point. Oh yeah that DJ out of pocket from E 40 Mystical. That's a hell of a transit shit. I'm say I know they played Master P at one point. Damn that's yeah they got Wicked in there. Yeah. Oh Yeah for sure. So they can't really vibe. LeBron went Shit play what we used to listen to when we went out. Yeah We 40 Shit for sure man. Give busing to the Wizards man. They just keep losing games. Speaking of losing games, the 76 ERs got the doors beat off them yesterday by the Nuggets won 44 to 1 0 9 Yo Kish man 27, 13 and ten fourth straight Triple Double NPJ was hooping with 19.


Tys Maxey was killing. He had 28 and 10 and then PG had 11 and nine yesterday. Y'all know yo gets had that but without playing in the fourth quarter. That's wow bro. Disrespectful bro. NPJ ain't shout to my boy won sis. That was an accidental assist so we were straight buckets on them niggas yesterday. That's a fact. I don't know what was wrong with PG though. I don't know man. Hey man, shout out to our boy Andre Drummond man. He did not have fun yesterday at work. It's Not a vibe man. Philly man either. Nah it ain't a vibe. The vibe's not there. That's, that's what it comes down to at this point in the NBA. It's not. You could tell by teams, by they vibe like the Wizards Zero Vibes.


Yeah No vibes bro. Hornets hella vibes. They got vibes. It looked fun. Yeah like that's why they on a three game winning streak where they was like it looked like they having fun. You know they young group, that's the 2000 clippers right there. Yeah they a young group. They sad but you can tell the future break. Yeah like yeah The Wizards is no vibes. Like the future don't even feel bright. They're on Olympic game loser streak. They just nothing. God nothing feels good. Nothing feels good. Like no vibe. The Nets ain't got no vibes. Sixers on the seven Game Loser streak shit. Sixers no vibes bro. That's crazy. No good vibe. And this nigga expensive locker room would to have no vibes over there boy. It ain't no good vibes in there. Ooh it's expensive that it's three max deal and no vibes.


Ain't no vibes. The Pistons good vibes. Tyree should get better. Better buddy. I him, I see him dancing in the locker room. Yeah they let Stew in there turning shit up. They the vibes is good. They start playing with Orlando got good vibes for sure. They just all hurt. Yeah, but the vibes is right.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game Today. Terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Bucks definitely it looked like tripping real good. They vib. Yeah now the vibing the Vibes is getting different with the Bucks. Last year the vibes was off. Definitely. That's why they lost the Knicks. You already know. Yeah they lit and and the Celtics Cavs, these are just good vibes. Everybody gel together. Everybody rocking with each other. Yeah and that's why they're having that kind of success teams that ain't got no good vibes even though the Lakers is winning. I hate the vibes. Yeah that's Timberwolves used to have vibes last year. Nasty Vibes is weak this year. Nah, that's a fact. Sons obviously them shit's trash. They no vibes Warrior yo Written all over they face. I told y'all y'all thought they had vibes The of The year.


The vibes are George, first of all the Pelicans on a four game win streak. That's crazy 'cause they only got 12 wins. You know the the real vibe is back. Yeah, shout out to my boy. He playing somebody too Z duh z. Yeah I mean Zion, he bring good energy win on the court. The the vibes in Portland. Ooh that's nasty. Filthy. Well So you already know they don't even, you seen how Colin Sexton yelled at Buddy in the game. Them vibes is not there. Colin got a chill no Vibe. No he was right bro. He got eight second call. He was off the court bro. You just know the vibe I'm killing bro. But don't get a violation though. Vibes. There ain't good vibes over There. You get Hiller turnover. You always got the peel bro.


That's about top shot. See that's might be the problem for sure man. Yeah man shout out to the vibes man. If ain't there. It is very apparent. The ERs did get a win though. Over the heat. One 16 to 1 0 7 as eight assignments went crazy with 24. Deandre eight had 20, 20 15. Jimmy had 13, eight and four. Bam had 12 and 10. I ain't gonna lie. They vibes ain't that bad though. They got like that. I fuck with 'em. But you know we go out here and there. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Nah Yeah they got to like I, I go out with 'em here and there 'cause they got some young dudes that you could tell probably Rock with each other. They just sad. See Reese, I told you Reese, I told don't take Jimmy, Jimmy Bullshitting motherfucker had him for 20 points yesterday.


No, no, no. Oh taking Jimmy but for 20 points yesterday was a choice. Yeah. Wait till he move on to put him, He ain't shot nine shots. Oh yeah, well yeah but I'm never, I'm not taking Jimmy for anything until he leave Now speaking of Bobs, what's Miami vibe gonna be with Jimmy Lee? Do we see it being a little better? Vibe is gonna be crazy. It's back up. It's gonna be lit box. They gonna make a crazy run. They might make it to the conference finals. They waiting for him to go man. And I want him to go asap As soon as he leave you gonna start hearing people say, you know I, they gonna have some quotes from people that was cool with him and everything. Yeah like I mean less is more. That's a crazy quote. Hey I always hate when that happens.


Yeah, that's what GB had to come back and step on shit about that. Watch your mouth. I mean that's how they did. That's how they did P watch your mouth. That's How they did pg. Yeah, no, Powell said hey we good. But he start hooping though so that's Fine. Yeah, that week gonna be like that though. Yeah the lesson is more disrespectful because then when you lose it's just like nah see y'all needed me but Jimmy also wore suns colored shoes last night so they may feel that way. Where y'all go with this shit? He wore Suns color shoes. Oh my God. That's to Jimmy bro. You know how to make a statement boy. That's one thing he know how to do. He get himself out of that shit. Goy. Has he ever, Has he ever ended on good notes with Anybody? No bro. He is the problem bro. I love Jimmy.


That is crazy. That's Crazy. That's a crazy shoot. I love Jimmy. That's far. I Love Jimmy. Jimmy Mo a crazy Boy. You, You was one of my favorite teammates but that right there solidified it. What a dick. That solidified. How would you wear deal bro? Well it's my PE bro. You solidified getting ready. You solidified it. I was already supposed to been gone gangster Jimmy Gangster man, that Is funny and fun man. Hey I want Jimmy to get to the sun. I just randomly want them to go to the conference final just so he can piss off Pat Riley He, if he really hope Pat Riley, he the goat. I hope he win it off. He's the funniest nigga in the NBA bro. I don't care what nobody saying Bro. I hope they win it off. I hope Jimmy go to the sun and they win it off.


That would be hilarious bro. I'll be hype as fuck for Jimmy. He about to make Pat a heart attack in that motherfucker bro. Oh yeah, they at the games. Pat don't know what to do. He done about to make Pat retire. Man, bro. Pat about to said the squad after Jimmy. He ain't gonna make it to Phoenix. He piss him off. One more time bro. Pat gonna call 'em Shooters bro. I think Pat gonna retire bro. He got who bro. Like if Jimmy go to Phoenix and they win, I think Pat will step down. He gonna be like them coaches who can't deal with NIL. Yeah he just gonna be like I just can't handle this no more. It's too much for him bro. It's too much for a player's league. Like some players' league. Like if the players don't fuck with you not gonna be going to Miami no more. Yeah, you gonna get drafted there. But that is hilarious.


People already was hesitant about going to Miami 'cause all the weight requirements and all that shit. Like I heard plenty of people say yeah podcast Blew up the spot. I'm cool. Pat seven nine Bro, take it easy Mike. He still a player though. Shout out to Pat. It's just though. Old always bro. The shit you did in the nineties bro, it ain't smooth no more. A Lot of people been Out. Brian even didn't even fuck with all that. He's a workhorse bro. You know what I'm saying? So Ain't the way that you did your legends bro. Like the way you did D Wade got the money to Tyler Johnson's crazy bro. Like that's, you've done a lot of spiteful stuff that I could see people not fucking with. But it's Pat Riley. He yeah, he, he a legend. Yeah, it's Pat Riley man. Yeah but he damn her out the game though. Like Whatcha doing 80. I'm done bro.


Yeah bro. I'm not arguing with Jimmy Baller at 80 years old bro. Eddie Young enjoy your money. Yeah, step down bro. Try to go out like Kevin Samuel man go enjoy Miami bro. Get Wilson Miami. But he moving along. The rappers beat the Magic yesterday 1 0 9 of 93 P five had 26 and 12 KCP had 20 rj Barry had 19 at eight and Scotty Barnes had 17, 11 and eight. Not much. Talk about there. Magic took a L yesterday they dropped a couple. Dude Toronto got good vibes. The city do. Oh they got good vibes. I ain't never been. They got good vibes. They ain't tripping. That's city it it is. Whoever. Hey every, it's redemption year for a lot of people up there. I I never been That's city. Woo. That probably that's the only city. That's one of the teams I wanted to play for.


Bad as hell. Let's get you a 10 day bro. I know the taxes is crazy but I always wanted to play for the Raptors. I always wanted to go to Toronto man. Oh look at that roster. We can get you In today soon. Soon. Come though. We're going. We're going. I'm just saying. I never been so Five two Oh in Toronto. I lit it. I love the fans. I love the vibes. They got good energy in the crowd. Mm. DeMar Rose. It was cold. The motherfucker, it is cold. It cold out Here. We got, we got people that follow us and supporters from Toronto. I be seeing they videos online. It's, it's wicked. That's that snow. It's crazy out there. Yeah, it's snowing in New Orleans right now so it's, it is ugly everywhere man. Man Houston man.


My people out there clowning out there. Yeah man. Shout to Atlanta man. Learn how use from shovels. I heard it was snowing in New Orleans. Yeah man, it's wicked for sure. Somebody done hitting there mom. Yep. Tonight's games. I'm gonna see how y'all feel about this. Pistons at Hawks. It's raining white women Hawks. I got Hawks. Who want Pistons sons at Nets Sons? Mm Yeah I'm gonna take the sons. I'm about sons as well. T Wolves at Mavs T Wolves Man. How many times are they gonna play? They always play. I'm sick. How many times are they gonna play? Yeah Man. Season Tournament. I got the Mavs. I'm gonna go Mavs as well. Cavs at rockets.


I'm gonna take the Rockets tonight. Ah, that's a good game right there. That's a game of the night. I How Jalen Green get the dub. But I'm gonna roll with Cavs for the win though. Yeah, I ain't gonna go against the Cavs right now. I'll rock with them. Hornets at grizzlies. I got the Griz. Oh I'm making a parlay just for this game 'cause I know it's about to be OD. I got the Griz. Yeah That's about to be lit. Must see tv Lalo versus Ja. Is this on SP Wednesday? Oh No is on Tuby for Sure. No, no it can't be. Its lit. Somebody gonna sit out though. This is live a war star hip hop. Ja versus Melo. Yes sir. Front page shade Room. Ja Ja posted MLK with the gold Out a gate.


Did y'all see what Sexy red posted? That's only one we respect Was sexy Red posted with MLK and her, the family had to say hey could you please take this down? The family will because I playing with my daddy. The family will enroll with that one. I feel that just like enough is enough. The goes is one thing. Sexy red. That's where we line. I didn't get to see that one. What out for real. Don't disrespect the king like that. I only know one king. You wasn't even his type. That's What I pulled that nigga of cars. Lemme See. Go. Oh yeah. Hey what's wrong with that? No bro. What's that? The scene from Major Payne? I don't know but that ain't it. Yeah bro. What is wrong with shit? Ain't even doing nothing Bro. We can't do that bro. I don't know what the that Nah bro, That don't, that's not bad bro.


We Can't do that bro. That's a Vibe Bro. No bro. We had a dream and it was sexy. Man. That was a catch. Yeah. Now we got, Hey Bar was a motherfucker though. He had a dream. I guess it was, the dream was perfect. He wasn't there. Thought It. I thought she was twerking on him or something. That ain't nothing. No Was If it was, if it's a cap then it's crazy. It say he had a dream and it was sexy. This is why we can't have nice things man. Why ever play with a name like that? I'm, I'm happy that her response is positive So you are ridiculous.


It was at the bottom of the picture Mike. Nah, go back. Oh man, He had a dream and it was sexy. Go back now they gonna make her drop a dish. This track. Nah, the family was just like, hey please take down. She was like my bad. I'm tripping you. That's how you know you wild. Like you know what I'm wildling my bad Man. Yeah they said that we can't have night shit man. But anyway, y'all crazy. Buck bucks at Pelicans. Bucks, bucks, Bucks for sure. Jazz at Thunder. Thunder Kings at Warriors.


I'm gonna go with the Kings Celtics Act Clippers. Celtics definitely Celtics for show. We should never show him that for sure. Oh man. Verify buckets man. Who was getting to it yesterday? Be here. I'm gonna Give it to old school man. Brian with the triple double Ain't mad at it. 21, 13 and 10. Oh Lord. For show. I'm gonna show some love to Yolk man for triple double in his row. 27, 13 and 10. He was hooping for show yesterday. Who you got Teg? I'm gonna go with KAT even though that's what he do. But just another good win for New York 25, 16 and six doing cat things.


For sure man. Hooped out yesterday. I'm gonna show some little ad as well man. 29 to 16. My boy was getting two yesterday. Who needs some encouragement this Wednesday morning? Be here or Get Well Soon. The whole Wake Forest team. Shout to my dog. Ian Jackson called him Lacking on the break. I wonder asking This to the chat. Who won that game? That's not What this segment is about. Where do you get the ball out though? Shout to number 23. Damn Silas. You know what I mean? He actually be killing though. That's Michael Jordan nephew that we punched on yesterday. Shout to my dog Ian Man. Hey young boy at the play at time been hooping. Yeah. Ron said draft stock baby.


Can y'all look up and see you won that game? Who you got tea for? Good song. I just wondering one. I don't even know if we, I'm not even being funny. I'll wake one that game. Oh okay. That's what won. Shout out to them. You right. I dunno. Who won? Who won? I'm Being Mike. Who won that game? I did Bro. Oh wait for one. Damn. That's crazy. Sometimes you make highlights. Sometimes you become the highlight.


Come on the weak ass quote. That's what Michael Jordan said. He said the ceiling is the Hey five star. Whoever five star is for this picture. Travis Hunter is crazy. Hey did he Say that the ceiling is a roofer? What Mike say? Yeah, I'm just making a quote like hell hey sometimes you the highlights. Sometimes you become the highlights Man, fuck outta here man. I know. Shit when that quote MJ so C type shit. Hey dude just be saying bullshit though. The ceiling is the roof. Oh man, that's Funny man. My my Get Well Soon go to Scotty Barnes. I don't know. What did he do? Hey man, he blew a kiss at bro stole A ball.


Different time. He ripped him and blew a kiss as That's kind of disrespectful though. Lemme hold that. Oh Good D though. How you blew a kiss at him? He wild for that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Scotty be acting like he made cookies at school sometimes. Man. I be a little scared. What that mean man? Man. Oh wow. Stealing is the roof bro. Stealing is the roof. I get what so ghost? Yo. This Valenti old man bro. This some young man shit yesterday man. Niggas make cookies at school. Yeah. Hey could do that. I mean they do have a class for that. Yeah. Home Mac.


Yeah but I think DJ was saying something though. What were you saying? Dj? Hey man, shout out to the education system man. It Right now. I had home. Think I make some cookies. Hold on. Your school ain't open no more. That's the, that's the reason. Alright, enough is enough. Alright man. Be here. People try to win some money man. What you got for him? Let me load up to Drake. What we got today baby? All right y'all. Kevin Durant 20. Jalen Johnson. 20 Nixon Scott is him. Anthony Edwards 25. Jalen Green. 20. Damien Lillard 20.


Marketing 15. Jason Tatum, 2,500. When you seven bands again today man. Seven bands. 500 for seven, man. Yeah. Light Day Ricky, Mike is looking like that is not the odds. Is that correct? That is my S Respect. Be a Leo Draft King's Karate. George King. It's Always yours. I never hers. I don't think that's on Draft King, but he's making up his own bet. Y'all Hit my line, bro. I get, I'll make sure y'all get the right one. Draft King's a crown, George. That's crazy, bro. That's crazy, man. Hopefully it hits. If it doesn't, you know who to talk to about that. We appreciate it. Tuning in, we'll be back tomorrow same time as usual. Five 20 in the Morning.


The Volume,


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on demand delivery Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Upgrade the whole team@lenovo.com. Unlock AI experiences with the Think Pad X one carbon, powered by Intel core Ultra processors So you can work, create, and boost productivity all on one device. Win the tech search for Business pcs@lenovo.com. Lenovo, Lenovo,


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool Beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Hey guys, as you know, I've been taking some time off drinking, but when I go out, I wanna be able to hang with the boys. So I've been checking out some non-alcoholic beer options and Heineken Zero Zero was the perfect drink for that. Yeah, buddy Heineken zero Zero is the official Brew of endless possibilities because with Heineken zero zero, now you can, whether at the office, pre or post-workout, or relaxing at home, being 0.0%. Alcohol means you can enjoy this alcohol free option. Whenever refreshment calls Heineken, 0 0 0 0.0% alcohol, 100% taste only 69 calories. Now you can available at your local Heineken retailer or for delivery@heineken.com must be 21 plus to purchase. Enjoy Heineken responsibly.