
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of. With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Volume. Good morning. Happy Tuesday, five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date. Everything in the sports world, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Ness. To my right, my brother Teague. Fellas, good morning. How y'all doing? What's Saying? And nasty. I'm good bro. We just had some real conversation before we started the poll. That was a good, good topic today, Mike. Yeah. That that was, that was unlike you bro. Unlike you starting New Year off with a different, that's crazy. Listen man, a lot of good basketball took place last night, but I gotta start off fatigue man. Please tell me you tapped in to W to Netflix. Come on on man. Netflix a I ain't gonna lie raw. Y'all did Y thing last night.


That was one of the best shows I seen in a long time. Let start off the new year and to start off the new, I guess partnership. Partnership with Netflix. Y'all did an unbelievable job. All the matches were good. I was hyped to see Roman Rains. You know Tribal Chief is back and the Kobe nines. Kobe nines. His foot was good. He had Good Feet work last night. Everything was good man. Cody Rose was there, the Rock was there. They even brought out Hawk Hogan and he got Boo. Yeah, they probably could have left him off. They out. He got Boo. They could have left Hawk off. Hawk is probably over. Which you is they, they probably learned they lesson with that one Got a weird case around. I mean everybody was in attendance man.


I seen YA, all the stars was there. All the former WWE e wrestlers was there. So it was a good vibe. I'm gonna tell you something man. I looked at my timeline last night and I seen a whole bunch of people was just like, I ain't fuck with wrestling a long time. Yeah but I'm locked back in. Yeah, no. So the Netflix aspect of it and I think they might really wild out for show. Nah, they did a great job. I mean I seen chair shots again, just hitting each other with chairs again, stuff like that. But the matches were the big thing. You know, Seth Rollins and C Punk had a really good match too. So Netflix, I did your thing. Wwe, I'm back locked in a hundred percent for sure man. Be here. You gonna tap in this year? Man? You gonna give it a chance? Nah, I'm cool. I, I'll go though. I'll pull up to if we get to go to, you know, a wrestling match or something.


But me watching that on tv, it's, it's a Rap bro. I think it's dope that Netflix is getting to that, that live event bag too. Yeah because like you said, especially with the way the wrestling be on and them having a Netflix go to just wild out For sure. It's gonna give us some great content throughout the year for sure. Man. The thing I love about it, you can re-watch it now though. You know when it puts on USA you couldn't watch it no more. Now this morning I just tapped on Netflix again just to see if it would be up there and it was up there and I think that's a new thing that's gonna help a lot of people to stay tapped in. You know what I mean? Maybe I can get to see it on Monday night. I could wake up on a Tuesday afternoon and watch it. Yeah. 'cause who's still really using DVR? Well yeah, Mean Yeah, that's nasty work for sure man. Listen, some great basketball took place yesterday, man. We gotta start off with the kings man. Kings in the heat had a double OT thriller yesterday.


Tomorrow Rose went crazy yesterday. Scored the team's last now points to take him home. He had 30 and four Malik Monk 23, 6 and five to bonus. Another trippy Dub 21, 18 and 11. Tyler Hero, your favorite white boy. He went crazy 26 and seven as well. Bam. Had 18 and 12 and what's his name? Hawas. You know what I'm saying? Also respect, ah, excuse me, respect Ham. 16, 12 and 10 Come. That Was, that was crazy. Sound like a spit. No disrespect. No disrespect but nah they was, it was a crazy matchup yesterday man. The Kingsman, they been on wind streak so far since they got rid of Mike Brown. Nah, that was, that was a good win for him last, no Fox Hazel. Yeah. When it came down to the end, I wish Tyler Hero would've pulled up for the three.


He kind of drove him to the double team and took a bad shot. But it is what it is. Hey man, we saw a classic, classic performance from DeMar Dero yesterday. One of the best scores of all time doing what he do best. Taking him home yesterday and the last two shots to just in the game was crazy. Yeah. So I said three Mark Jones had the crazy call for it. Listen, is this the Kings team we were expecting to see this year? Yeah, but I think Malik Monk says something in the interview that kind of, you know, stick out a little bit for me. He said I think we bought into what Doug Christie is doing. Right. So that says a lot about how they felt about Mike Brown and me if you reading in between the lies. Yeah, I Mean it's perfectly Said. Yeah. Like he said, I don't, I don't think they was buying into what Mike Brown was doing so it had to be a bigger problem in that locker room than what everybody is talking about.


It just couldn't be Dre Fox. It had to be a group of guys for sure. So for him to say we bought in and now they playing at a high level playing well against some big wins. Yeah. Mike Brown wasn't rubbing people right. Oh Chrisy probably was just like, hey that nigga gone now y'all put bullshit that The, the, the fix was in. Oh It was a play, a bigger play. Okay wait to set the pit guys. He gone let's hoop you. What is crazy bro? Nah they been hooping. You know how the assistant coaches are, all the players go to assistant coaches all they problems. So they relate to the coach bro. And he be like Listen I got y'all just hold on. He said listen all right I done heard the shit y'all said y'all better go hoop now. Yeah, yeah. Y'all think Doug with his job full time, I mean the way he performing right now, I mean they five and one sir.


If they make the playoffs they even getting the play ins or make the playoffs. I think they gotta considering for real. I mean I think the guys like him as you can see they said they bought in, they respect him. Long time commentator turn assistant coach and he been doing a really good job so, And he a former player so he can relate. Yeah, most definitely. I mean he trying to bring that King's organization back to when he was rocking. Nah for sure. That's when they was the real Kings going crazy. I remember when he swung on Rick Fox in the tunnel bro it got, it got real tricky Back. Yeah he probably bring that toughness to them too like for sure. Yeah And he probably ain't gonna sugarcoat nothing with him 'cause he don't care about about getting fired, you know what I mean? It's different when you don't care about getting fired. That's probably what happened with Mike Bryant. He probably start talking shit to him like I don't care about this.


Like they f fired me, they fir me. Extension Was already signed. Yeah. So he probably start talking greasy to him but I wonder if he's a defensive minded coach who Know Chrissy. Yeah. Yeah I I would imagine. I Gonna say it has to be to an extent but so far he'll win in mind coaching. That's what matters the most if five on one. I Was just thinking about that 'cause how he played, he was always locked in. I wonder how you know if it transition He he definitely used to guard. Yeah. Yeah He used to have to guard Kobe. Like my boy used to definitely have to play defense for sure. I wonder the whole D Fox how he feels about the situation. 'cause I honestly I think that's the biggest play in the situation. If he resigned he'd be like hey if I resign y'all gonna have to make sure I get the coach I want. Y'all gonna have to keep Doug. That'd be far if that happens though. Yeah, I mean he their franchise player but you know guys like Malik Monk are playing out of their mind with Doug Christie.


So yeah I think it's a good blend. I think Fox likes him. I think he probably be around but I still think D Fox wants to hit free agency for some reason. I think he wants that opportunity to see who wants him, who he can play with. You know he might wanna go play with Bam, he might wanna go play with Win. I think he wants to hit that free agent market And that's interesting that you say that. I always wonder, especially not from your mindset of it being able to control your own destiny. 'cause most of the times, especially in a situation like this, you got franchise players your first seven years you're gonna be in that city. Yeah most times. Yeah. More likely than not. Especially if you good imagine having to wait eight years to have a controlling your whole destiny, your situation, your career. A lot of people I ain't mad at him for waiting for that Situation. Nah he won't that moment.


I mean now it's a different NBA from back in the nineties you know you want your guy to stay on that same team. Michael Jordan to be with the Bulls Reggie Miller to be with the Pacers forever. It's not like that now LeBron opened a door where you can move around and not everybody gonna be on the same team for years. Like you just seeing Jimmy Butler, he takes the heat to the finals, he does all this, get 'em back popping, whatever. Now they don't want to extend him 'cause he is like oh you too old. Yep. So You always gotta put it in your hands and do what you can do and make you feel comfortable. And now it's the opportunity to hit the free agent market, see who he can play with. See what teams want him. He might wanna live in a different city. You never know what's really going through other people's head. I love to see him play with BA and Bradley Bill. I think Bradley be on his way out to to Miami.


That'd be a fire three. Oh but like holding your own destiny like Bradley bi, Bradley bi having a no trade clause. He ain't going nowhere. He don't wanna Go. No that's why he opened it up though. Nah That's One of the contenders. And Should we hear now that was fire to me when he said the press conference. He said well nobody ran under past me 'cause I hold the leverage so yeah Like the key come hol I got the keys. The keys, the keys. That was a hard flex. I fucked With that. It's the lake, it's the Lakers, the heat. Ah. And I forgot the other team. It Was a couple scenes that he had. It Was the third team though. Yeah it Was a Denver. Was Denver one Denver? Yep. Denver was the other, the third one. I wasn't mad to see 'em at Denver but I just don't think people won't barely bill contract. But you can't trade Bradley Bill for like Michael Porter.


Nah, Nah fam You gotta give up Michael Porter and Ag. No Michael Porter and Bradley Bill could probably be a straight up trade but he too, he too short For that same I see. Yeah. You know what I mean Like he's not a good fit. Like that fit, that ain't a good fit. But Also 'cause see Bradley be getting back to playing like I ain't gonna say his natural position Michael Ain anyway Out. Yeah I gonna say NPJ ain't Another tall nigga But he a res sniper though. Yeah a sniper though. He might not Pass after you get the rebound but he'll get a couple boards too. He is 16 but when you 16 ain playing on D free me by six four nigga with a better pill. That is wild. But I'm saying ring I take Bradley Bill jump shot over Michael Porter Jr.


If we're, if you're essentially giving me the same shit But the the I'm saying Phoenix don't need him. They got KD and PJ and KD would be crazy Ain't they? They Need D Ty Jose the league of assist With them two. They need defense bad though. Yeah They do and he Is not about To go. Yeah that even that don't even fit. Where are you seeing Michael Porter Jr though You send him to Brooklyn? Yeah you gotta send him to a young team who just you know rebuilding. He's still young. What he probably like 24. Yeah two five at most. They still rebuilding. He can get his shots to you know get his shot to do whatever you wanna do. Okay. For Sure Young team Definitely that thing odd to look out for the different nuggets for sure.


Another crazy game yesterday the Bulls came back, they was down almost as much as 19 to beat dispersed. I was completely wrong. I told y'all that. You know what I'm saying? The D Row ceremony wore off and they was gonna get dusted. Nah, they was hooping last night for sure man. Zach Levine went crazy again. Thirty five ten eight Kobe White 23 and four. Voch had 24 and 11. Wimpy was hooping as well. 23, 14 and four. CP had 18, nine and six. Hey man I know we talk a lot about the trade rumors and stuff but Zach Levine can really hoop and people get that lost in the mix 'cause he is always on the trading block. Yeah like do you, do you like blow this team up 'cause they actually could probably make the playoffs or do you like let it ride


Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend, pick up some touchdowns. They're also a Draftking Sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect The number one place to bet touchdowns. Grab some TDS of Draftking Sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking Sports Book app and use code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Playoffs we're talking about playoffs. You bet we are. Get in on the action at Draftking. Sportsbook and official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring. Touchdowns is key to winning in the playoffs and you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six. Go to the draftking sportsbook app and make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sports Book app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


I don't know they playing at a, they playing high like at a high level. Right? Right now. 1719 high Bro. Afghanistan bomb. Yeah you think so? Yeah bro they right in the hunt this and that's great for them 'cause now you got players at good value get move on man. So you say it is over with. Blow it up for sure people deserve but if you a Bulls fan it is like damn they play good basketball. We like to watch this team little I said people go to the game regardless. Yeah but if I blow it up and we trade everything and we get nothing but I mean they gonna go to the game regardless. You right. Yeah they wouldn't see, they wouldn't see Eddie Curry so I'm sure they can Say always sold out in Chicago. It is always. So you sold It doesn't matter. Blow it up. You right. Who cares.


Zach Levine knows playing. I know some loyal fans Bro. Zach Levine is playing some good basketball and Kobe White. Kobe White hooping. They playing some great basketball right now. Yeah you can move Zach. Zach Levine's All Star. I mean I know the greatest search. He's the all star talent. Yeah, blow that team up bro. It's time. Where do you send Zach Levine? I like Zach being in Denver. I know. I don't know how the money you making make sense but I would love to see him in Denver. Him and Jamal Murray would whoop shit next to Joker. Mm mm That's the same thing as Bradley build though I think. I think they the same player Saying his niggas are just taller. I think he fit. I pause, I think he fit Denver a little better. His ale like his backdoor cutting. Not that brad, that type of Yeah.


Jerky baseline shit. But that's crazy 'cause Brad Bill used to be one of the best cutters in the league. Damn that shit like off the ball. He was a great cutter. Like they used to real bro. He was a hell of a wing. Yeah he was a, he is a phenomenal cutter. He might fit Denver well too. I just, for some reason I think I We can't put Bradley bill in the Clay Thompson conversation yet. No, hell no. He just need go to a team where he could actually be the two guard on the team. Right. Yeah, but I'm saying Zach Levine right now is still getting 35. Even though Bradley Bill just had 25 off the bench. We know he is more than capable. Yeah. We just haven't seen him have moments like Zach Levia having in a while because he'd been on some loaded teams. Ah, facts. That's real. And Zach Levina had two years of rest 'cause they had basically had surgery end of year Trash end of year.


He is well rest. Way to play Brad Bill's just now getting back. He's A great trade. Ba anybody that gets Zach Levine, you won. Yeah. For you on, bro. I'm telling you. Do the Memphis Grizzlies, he Jack Zach Levine? No, They fired. If they do I seen them in the hun for Jimmy Butler. Yeah. I I'll be excited for, I saw them in the Bucks. I don't know where the Buck shit came from, but I saw the grizzly shit. I doubt was like, hey that's So you, you gotta get rid of Chris Middleton. Nah, I don't like that, that That was the buck situation. They was like you gotta move Chris Middleton and Box Porters. I don't like that. I don't like you. Nothing. Nah, nah, you got to bro. I love Jimmy. I love him, but nah, nah, nah. Well I don't know man. They, they, they saying that, you know what I'm saying, that Chris is working himself back from injury.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm I'm gonna stay with Chris and Bobby. We need the depth but like I'm cool off everything else. Giannis and Jimmy would be a nightmare at the three or four. That's a wicked three. The depth And you need that for the Easter Guard and the wings. You can pull in another, you know, shout out to Bobby Portis. You can get another stretch forward bro. From where? From where bro? If I got a chance to get Jimmy Butler and Jimmy Brother's still Jimmy. For real? Now you have zero shooting besides Dame AJ Green. You start now. Just bring in me somebody bro. Gimme Somebody bro. I mean Jimmy is more than capable but like I just feel like Jimmy and Giannis are very similar.


I mean I obviously Giannis is a freaking nature and nobody can stop him. But Jimmy in the playoffs turn to Giannis for me. Chris Middleton is not healthy bro. I'm I'm, I'm okay with moving him. Yeah. He is gonna be healthy And I agree with you. You definitely need Chris Millon shop making a ability too. Yeah, That's a big difference for that team. But if like Businesswise, if he is not healthy, bro, But you only gonna have Jimmy for I half to get right. You gonna have Jimmy for half this year. Where does Jimmy really want go? We Don't know. We don't know If y'all had a guess. Honestly, I I, the hair stuff threw me off so I, I don't know if it was anybody else. I'd make an assumption be said Phoenix shit Nigga. Yeah. You know when he started doing all the powder pop girl hairstyles? I thought, you know what I'm saying? That was Moore skirt or something. I don't know Bro.


I thought he was wearing purple for Phoenix. I That's what y'all don't wish Respect. I thought he was doing yellow for the Pacers. I didn't know where he was. I pull up make the trade now if you wanna come be a pacer, I don't care if it's Halfing year. Yellow might be for Denver bro. Definitely not Indiana. I, I like him in Denver. Oh man, that Now that for Michael Porter. Yeah, now, now we cooking But then they gotta go get another shooter though. Nah, nah, Nah, nah, nah. We figure it out. Oh. Now we figure out. You figure that out. Nah nigga, we straight, we smooth. Yeah, now you figure that Out. Aw man. Respect man. We'll we'll talk a little bit more about this bull game later man. Copy White had a hell of a highlight in this situation. But hey man and went crazy for, you know what I'm saying?


Got y'all back on the map looking good man. 28 did his 37th the second half yesterday. They came back down from 19 as well to beat the Clippers. 1 0 8 to 1 0 6. My boy AE 37, 7 and eight. Nas Reed was killing yesterday. Two 18 and seven. NATO had a solid game with 15 to nine. N PZ had 25 and James Hardin 22. Eight and eight. How'd you like that game man? I thought it was almost ugly. Nah, nah it was, it was a good game. It was a good game. I mean we got the best of them. We, we, I don't think we're a better team though. I think the Clippers are better than the wolves. Okay. But nah, that was a good dub though for an, you know what I'm saying, dijo was hitting the glass, you know what I'm saying? But NPZ he, he, he should have got it going a little more.


Of course I always loved to see the, the wolves win. But NP he did his thing but I feel like he could've been a little bit more aggressive. Okay. You know what I'm saying? That made it switch up with the lineup yesterday. That guy Divin Zo starting over Conley yesterday. How you feel about that move Teke? I mean It's time for Mike to move to the bench. No, no. I mean what you mean you're 2500% Shout out to Mike. He's had a great career but now he's making that transition to being that super vet. Yeah. Coming off the bench controlling the second uniform and you know man shit, he done played a thousand games. He need. Ain't Mike Chilling? Yeah. Ain't he probably not fucked up about it I'm sure. Nah And honestly for the better of the team, if this is gonna make defense, give us some type of production then Yeah. Yeah Because you know I'll play. I'm still my minutes. You know what you're gonna do to get from Mike.


He gonna be solid. Not gonna turn the ball over. Gonna make a couple threes play good defense and then go back to the bench and chill. Mike is Mike regardless the environment don't change him. Nah, nah. And I think that environment changed Divin chins though for sure. Yeah. Yeah. He lost a lot of confidence not being a starter. So yeah. So I think it was a good move by the, you know, by the wolves. Hopefully Rob Dylan would come back from his injury then they gave him a chance too. Most definitely. You know what I mean? See the guy with the young guys. Yeah. Since a talked about he was started getting double team, he just wanted to hoop. He was going crazy. Oh yeah. 50 then 37. I imagine he will get double team to get next game. Oh yeah. It don't matter. We like that. Oh okay. Sham got everybody In the double. Yeah, In the double Respect, in the mid off yesterday the suns get the win over the 76 ERs.


Yesterday K went crazy. 23 and six Brad be off the bench. 25. We talked that a little bit earlier. Book show yesterday 10 points only went three for 16 from the field still had 10 assist. Maxie had 31 and 10 and Kelly Uber had 26 and 11. Man I like Kelly Uber game. Yeah he's always a good piece of a team. It's just everybody thought this team was gonna be a little bit better but unfortunately, I mean they nah, I don't know man. And he Having this solid year Too. Yeah the Sixers just, mm, I don't know. What is it? What do y'all, I mean obviously MB didn't play but what is it? I, I don't know bro. It Just chemistry to me.


I think Paul George is really hurt. I wouldn't be surprised by that. Or He either lost a huge step or he is really hurt. Yeah, I'm gonna go with hurt though. Okay. I mean there's nothing wrong with him losing it. Well Paul George 34. Yeah. Yeah right. You right. Ain't nothing wrong with That. Yeah, I mean you can lose a step but I just think like the person we need him to be for what they need him to be on that team. He's either hurt, he just can't be that right now. Yeah. I mean he is playing with a big ass brace on or some shit ain't he? Yeah Bro, I, I think he's playing through some shit. I don't think he can be the person that need him to be. He trying to contribute. 'cause I imagine that if he, if he wasn't playing right now he would catch more hill. He's like, hey man I I'm, y'all talk about all this money I paid me, I'm out here doing, I can bro I ain't a hundred percent but I'm still trying To contribute.


Yeah he trying to, you know he's trying to fight through it and he just free Eric Gordon too. Y'all keep any, whoever you are, they Bench was awful Last night though. You feel making these low lights of eg. Y'all disrespected the whole Indiana lineage. We're not going for that. He needs to free himself at this point. This is But they bench what they bench have seven points last night. Yeah Something. It was terrible bro. They bench is awful. That's because they starting all they bench players. I was gonna say all they bitch players gotta play real Bench now. You right. You right. So they starting, if they Had Jerry McCain, they they, they could make a playoff run if for B you could play is in B still doing. I'm gonna play two and sit out four Bro. One, two, skip a few 99, 100. That's, That's what kill. I hate that.


I hate that like the NBA is. I don't know. I fuck with the NBA but I don't. At the same time I appreciate what Jason Tatum said the other day I had wrote him about it. He said you know I try to play as many road games as I can because I don't know who got Christmas tickets or whoever paid that much to come see me play. And I was like yeah you right motherfucker. You never set out, Hey you know it's funny, I could average 12 a year. You could sit out a couple. He fucked your bag up. Yeah, Yeah. Sit your ass down. Hey you Know it's funny. Shout to the podcast with John Lucas Classic please tap in For sure. During the comic it was just like, man, the one time I had enough money to go see a, a really good game is when Dro was supposed to come back and John Lucas saw him to sit out.


Damn John Lucas fuck up the daddy money. He outta pocket. Yeah I I don't shout out to J three but I'm asleep. I done threw motherfucker Nacho packet. That nigga Baldhead ass now Come see Derrick Rose B. Rose a real nigga though. You get John Lucas Ja got his look back though. But that's not what we here for. Yeah I need to come here for John Lucas Review. I do that at the pro him nigga fuck outta here. That does suck. Shout out to Luke man You Well you go see your favorite player and this nigga that told the star player to sit down and you gotta watch this nigga killed. But then in the report it's a mystery illness. You was like what? Then you fight out here.


That's Why the N NBA A is Flug bro. I don't care though. I love it. That's bullshit bro because that does matter. Shout out to Jason Tatum for being a real because nah people want to come see you hoop bro. That's a fact. Like I seen the Centel was talking about the wolves and it was like oh Nah you locked in. I'm not locked in Fan. No I ain't, that shit is whack. He's fan. But I was laughing because it said that like I'm like what are they make up dumb shit like that. It was like that Anthony Edwards and what's the other dude name? Your dude the Julius R had beef because Anthony Edward said he hooping look like he hooping jeans. Why do they like this though? Shit, Shout out to my people over.


They took their Levi shit that I said that's a real Thing. Like why do y'all like this? And they under for the video of Julia Red like dribbling high. Yeah, I'm like dribble like Kendrick Perkins. I Will say Chantel y'all out of pocket for the Skip Bayless video that y'all just recently? Yeah I do. The pain shut down. They put the AI over his, over his lips. It was crazy. We can't endorse that on the show. Crazy. Shout out to Shannon bruh. It's my turn. That funny as hell. This is my turn. Crazy. Oh we gotta talk about that. It is a sports show. We can't talk about it. Oh we definitely can. That lawsuit and what the information we got from that, whatever is true and not true. All of it as a whole is fucking crazy.


I'm be real. I'm not educated on it. All my information comes from Tel. So y'all Wanna speak up some shit. Let's circle back to this tomorrow. I like respect. What I'm gonna say is though, I like, I ain't gonna lie, I went to watch FS one yesterday. I wanna see if she was gonna come to work. She came to work. She did. She came to Work it right. She came to work. That shit did not phase her. She she good job tweet through it. Not about it. Yeah she did her job And I was like damn man was good man. They was talking shit about Skips go crazy Queen. Yeah Skip was still talking about that Cowboys game Sunday night. He ain't fuck what's going on. Like the fact that she came to work all tapped in. But did y'all see y'all boy Jason with what's his name?


Fuck yeah the hey he funny as hell. He said she got those cans. Yeah that boy said that big old rack. I said man you are not for about Eve bro. They do not talk like that bro. Start repping that fa. Yeah He put smart on the east side of that man. He called 'em cans. I say can That big old rack she got? I know me nigga. Fuck Yeah. What does that mean Actually he a fan. He a fan. He a fan. Freaky ass. He about to be in that lawsuit. Yeah, why you even speaking like that? That's why I'm like why we be getting in trouble for the shit we just say don't say these niggas say anything on TV bro. They, well they do it at the workplace pop when it would never, that nigga said yeah.


Yeah I know. I don't know what I, you know what I would've did with them big old man Calling them kids is crazy bro. Yeah But Fox Sports HR is in Champ right now. Get well sued Can is crazy. He is scared the host through texts for sure. Nigga text like Tiger Woods Text like Tiger Woods' voicemails crazy. What's wrong With him? Wait, is it that or the reality? Which one is crazy? Shout to Ray. I'm always sitting with my guy Ray. What's my, what's that basketball movie he got Game? Yeah he got Game Ray's always number one in my books. Shout to Rick Fox for sure. This is, they had the cans in there.


How does that even I'm a can man. Anybody can get it. Shout out to ab. Oh another bachelor now Did y'all see AB though? What'd he say? A that's crazy. He's nuts. Bru bro. No, Antonio Brown a question on Twitter. He's are not gonna talk about They killed us but He's crazy. But if y'all is crazy, if y'all bored y'all tap in that. Yeah him and Dez Bryan been wilding out. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. De been tweaking. Yeah if this was another time on this platform, we be having a ball. But yeah, shout To my boy Dez Bryan do We getting well soon ourselves. The PIs beat the Blazers yesterday. One 18 to one 15 K went crazy yesterday.


32 9 6. Anthony Simons 20, I mean 36 and nine and Tim Hardaway had 26 as well. Listen man, pistons doing exceedingly well. All the Pistons fans on Twitter. Gimme a hard time. We show y'all more than enough love on this podcast. Shout to y'all for actually be a decent for once. Pacers beat the net yesterday. Oh we Gotta speak on Detroit though. Oh okay. We talk about they, They are playing well K Cunningham should be an Allstar. He's he's better thing but we gotta put some more people in consideration for coach of the year. JB Bicker staff gotta be in there man. 'cause I know they're not winning but I mean they're not top in the east but how bad they were last year compared to be where they at right now to turn that around in a year, half a year.


Yeah. You gotta give 'em a little bit of love. I mean to be in a playoff race, we never expect that from Detroit. We thought they'd be a lottery team every year. So shout out to him man. I know Kenny probably gonna win it or whatever but you definitely should be mentioning there. Yeah, For sure. Four game win streak too. Gotta show some respect And Orlando Magic's head coach. Oh yeah definitely. They just got another win. Yeah Moseley. They just beat the Knicks with nobody So You out there making magic happen For sure man. Real with def respect to the PIs man they happen. A hell of turn Ross. You called it early for them too. Yeah, still with RJ N Be as well Get Well soon. But yeah they got, they One piece away man. Everybody always gimme hey I ain't gonna lie. Why people keep writing me in my DM saying you say everybody one piece away. Well Damnit they are Shout to j Luke man All takes more good player.


Pacers beat the Nest yesterday 1 13 99 built to ass situation. Something slight. Oh Lord. Know what I'm saying? We had no business like we supposed to. I ain't worry about it. Shout Out to the Pacers man. I'm a pacer fan again. Oh here we go. The magic beat. The Knicks yesterday upset Sydney 1 0 3 to 94. Yeah Ka set out G Anthony 24 and seven. Brunson had 24 started Micha Bridges. But I like you said this magic team is find a way to win no matter who's on the court. Man Cole Anthony had a homecoming, you know what I mean? Went crazy in the garden. Yes Sir. Shout out to him man. I told you I'm a fan of his game. Yeah Fan of his movement. So he went to New York, did what he was supposed to do back in his hometown. Gotta show some love to the magic man. They find a way to win for sure man.


Yeah I don't know how they do it man. I know, I know. It's by committee or everybody come get ready to play next man up mentality. But I ain't gonna lie, some of these games I've been counting y'all out man. Y'all been showing up and getting some big wins. So shout out to Moses like you said they gonna continue to keep grinding. They gonna make a playoff push. Hopefully they get some of they guys back. PB five should be returning soon I'm imagining. Yeah, yeah. And hopefully Franz can come back a little bit after that. It's gonna get wicked once they get back patrol. Everybody rocking. Hey at the end of that bitch is that Corey Joseph? I seen Shout to Corey Joseph for keeping the fucking job. Yeah. Damn you should told me me. What the fuck you be doing? Him and DJ Augustine kept a job for the longest. Yeah it is Probably shout out to DJ Augustine.


It's like Cory Joseph probably 18th years nigga in the league so damn long. Yeah bro. Keep a shout to Ain't never mad nobody keep the bat dj. Augustine Just finally retired didn't he? Yeah. Shout out to DJ Augustine man. He was, he was called Rash out for a long time. Yeah Bucks took care of rappers yesterday won 28 to 1 0 4 Giannis triple dub 11, 12, 13 minutes. Dame killed yesterday had 25, RJ had 25 9 5. Damn Freaky J killed yesterday. Yeah he was hooping but it was Check that game. Nah You didn't have to worry it was belt ass situation minutes restriction For rj. But he was back hooping 25 still killer too. That's what's up. Griz beat down the mass yesterday one 19 to 1 0 4. Man get well soon to the mass man they just lost Kyrie for a little minute.


Also Daniel gaffer. We don't know how long he's out but he was injured yesterday's Game. I would imagine he gonna be out with a ankle injury for at least a week or two. Yeah For sure man. Damn they started off your bad. I already got missing Luca. They might have a real rough stretch going on for them man. Unless Jason Kee can do one of those Mosley jobs that you know he doing in Orlando. It might be quiet for Dallas for a little bit. They might probably not playoff race. Y'all Gonna, especially at the time now you a lot of team searching in the west. I can definitely put them in a bad situation. They might Drop Drop and you know what Mark Cuban on, if he get close he gonna tell boy D np remember two years ago he DP to go To the playoffs. He ain't doing that no more. Not no Mark Cuban ain't the leader though. Het, he ain't doing that no More. The trust.


But yeah I him that, I mean he probably don't give a, I think he care but he probably don't give too much shit. He probably relax it for real. But he probably passing the messages along like That. But it's more Nico. Nico. He got a good pulse for that team. Yeah he Did doing a great job too. He doing a great Job. But I know he feel like it's about to, you know, be a bad season. I'm sure he'll let it run. Hmm. He wouldn't mind getting a nice pick. Most definitely They if you add another top 10 pick to that roster, What do you think that team need? Shit, nothing really. They just need people to be healthy straight up. But if you add another top 10 pick to that could get spooky. They get another shooter, another wing.


It don't matter. They got everything. They got bigs, they got shooting, they got the guards, They got star here. You right got They get another defender wing Defender, they find another wing. I think they Can squeeze out a few more wins until Kyrie and them come back. It ain't gonna be probably good, good wins but I definitely, I don't think they gonna slip all the way out the playoff race. I'd love to see that schedule but yeah that it is gonna be a lot of people. Spencer Dwe like you said the last time we'll have to step up boy you gonna have to kill now. Yeah, Spencer Dwe gonna have to get back to his Brooklyn bag. Yeah, 20 plus Get them FGA up for sure. Shout out to Triple J though. Hitting the glass last night man it needs you on that glass but nasty. For Real. So I'm like him Real And he was hooping yesterday 35 or 13.


He Didn't look like he got stronger too. That boy bulking up Break out year for my boy. Go crazy. Tonight's guy. Just wanna see how y'all feel about him. Sons at Hornets. Ooh another Madoff. I'm a, I'm gonna take the sons mellow back yet I'm taking the sons. I imagine you should for damn if he is, damn if he ain't Take the sons either way or Either way. Taking the sons. Okay. Rockets at Wizards Rockets. That's easy. Rockets Lakers at Mass. Lakers. Lakers now 'cause everybody hurt on the math so, but you know what, I think the Mavs are gonna Win. That's one of 'em games a trap game Then Spencer d Withy might have 35. Damn.


Go crazy king Shit. Take the over on Spencer d withy tonight. You heard it? My draft. Can you take the over holler that te if it don't hit damn Suicide. Bet He said not crash on suicide. Yeah that's crazy. T Wolves at Pelicans. Wolves. Yeah T Wolfs for sure. Yeah. Hawks at Jazz. Take the Hawks. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take me, I'm gonna take the hawks. We on a little ski right now. We need, we need a win. Yeah I don't need to JB game for sure. Shout to the Hawks. They gonna get the dubs tonight. Celtics at Nuggets. I'm gonna take the nuggets. I said fuck I'm gonna go with Celtics Nuggets. I'm gonna take the nuggets as well in this situation. Heat at Warriors.


I'm gonna run with the heat. Nah hell nah. I'm gonna go with the Warriors. I'm gonna go with the Warriors. I'm only going with the heat 'cause the last two times that I picked the Warriors, they've completely ruined my evening. So I'm gonna rock out with the heat man. The warriors. Who you got B here? Nah, warriors. With the Warriors? Yeah. Alright. Straight up. Alright, five buckets. Who was getting to it yesterday? Triple J Hitting a glass like you was. Well you, you automatic bid for me. Nasty. Good shit. 35, 13 and five. Definitely had a good day at the office. I'm going with Tim Hardaway. Tim Hardaway Jr. Had 26 yesterday. Zero rebounds, zero assist, zero steal, zero turnovers. I'm not Here to do one thing. He Ain't do shit else but get buckets. That verified buckets to me.


Dammit. Yeah I, I'll do one thing. I'm gonna go with Zach Levine. We talked about him D Rose Knight, he went crazy to follow that up with another 35 piece he locked in. He trying to get traded. He doing his thing but 35, 10 and eight verified bucket to me for Sure. Every assignment's too out in Portland. Even though they took the L, he been killing. He had 36 9 yesterday. Guys show respect to that as well man. Free that man too. Alright. Tuesday morning give, well soon will be here. Who you got? What do I have today for the GiveWell song? Who I wanna pick? Probably Wendy, I'll take Weby. Oh yeah, let's go Kobe White booming on him. I'll take Wim. And what's so crazy about this highlight?


This happened to close the game out. Yeah he didn make GameBreaker wi. I know Weby get a lot of blocks but this damn show wasn't one of them. Shout Out to Kobe White for having, having the confidence to do this though. He Traveled though. Hey You think he traveled? Nah, not Kobe White. Z Levi traveled. Oh should have been in turnover. What ass boy Gonna affect you to death? Hey I fuck with that man. Yeah he put nothing. They already pay him. Yep. He about to be back up though. He only signed a three year deal. Good shit. Kobe White. Kobe been hooping for sure.


Good Shit bro. I Think it's the second year on his three year Deal. Nah that's fire Maybe. Yeah he's he's definitely about to get another payday. Yeah, I'm gonna go with, I'm gonna go with Kwa man get with soon man. He got called Called the yesterday. Yeah it got, it got wicked man. Lemme see Kawai and a blender man. Huh? It sure Is. Oh my god. That's a mere coffee. Oh Lord. Hey welcome back ua. Who hoodie with that? McDaniel's? Yeah Hit with a Hey Welcome back. Test that knee out. Yeah For sure. Test that knee out. Gotta go to yoga. Ah. Test that knee Damn iso tap in. He gotta go there with let the shooter.


Yeah nigga look like he got that that nigga been in Congo. Why the fuck he so black Look like Jordan nigga. Damn nigga Cooper. Y'all sure the Clothes, That nigga ain't never been that dark boy. Cool. Unless our screen trash, he black as hell. Damn Boy. Cool. Real Vacation My get well soon boy. Julius Randall. Whoever else is under there that went punched that. Yeah the real Jr. You got some hos For that and JR Smith would never he back Home too. He played for college. Buffer. Buffer. Hey he back home's What we hoop much played in Minnesota College.


Don't coffee Nigga. Lack Hey back close out to us. Hey It's okay ju you try to help Nasty that happens man. Yeah he ain't ever been a shot blocker. He got the way 'cause He went up week two though. He should have swatted it would looked better. Smile for the poster bro. Hey Hey That's really on the side. We ain't counting that. We ain't rocking. Hey go back though. Look at the bench. I think that's Rob. Check Rob out. Is that him in a red shirt? Who that? In the red shirt. Watch that face. Ill sit down. Damn you can see that? Yeah You gotta watch when he dunk it. He look right at the dude like he look at whoever next to him.


Watch it is right here. He gonna look right at my Boy got lasik. Oh look He turn head. It's always been when the holler and the niggas on your team been going crazy. It's like damn bro stop me out Least boy don't you should have seen what Al Thornton dunked on Zza Chu Woo. I act a fool. E Thomas beat my ass to beat Eton boy. I was crazy. I stood up I I started walking down. That nigga grabbed me, sent me out. I was like put his hand over his mouth was like you gotta laugh sitting down. You cannot do that. But that shit was nasty. I shout best The best lady niggas reprimand You. Shit. The most random moments ever. I know. Tap in, go see what Al Thornton dunked on Chu.


Y'all see what I'm talking about. He punched that one For Joe. Be here. What you got for him today man? We doing a college series today baby. Okay. College money. Know what I'm saying? So I'm taking Baylor with the five point win Oklahoma State with a two point win. Marquette with a 13 point win over Georgetown. They going to kick they ass tonight. I got Georgetown, Quiet Missouri, Auburn, duke, Louisville, Kentucky, Tennessee and Akron. $200 wins Your grand total of $18,000 today. 200 for 18 bands on the picks Today. Yep. College bet. Okay we in the college ladies we it start New Year off. Diversifying the funds huh?


Yeah man we going I'm gonna tap more in with the college Mo gonna help me out For sure man. Moy going crazy on the college ladies we gonna tap into that for sure.


Listen man, use promo code Club five 20 for new draft King get you a little bit of bonus bet to start off the crash out parlays start your week off with some money would be him. We appreciate y'all.


Hey did Y see what the Sentel said about Zion Williams? Yeah, by him asking about can I be next? Yeah. Oh in a text? Yeah. Enjoy. Enjoy. Shout him down. Yeah. Why y'all be Tap in with my dog? I thought you gonna say tap in with me. I must say this nigga crazy. Alright Charles You trying to get a promotion at five 20? Say alright. I thought he about the actor on the show bro. 12 5 20 gonna be lit Thursday. That's his strike. Damn. Struck out already Bob Man. Hey man, we'll be back tomorrow. Check out the JA Luke II interview. We'll be back tomorrow at Club five 20 In The Morning.


The Volume.