
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


You Know that feeling when you're about to score 30% off, but they want your number. Ugh. Give them your line two number instead. It's a second line on your phone. Perfect for nabbing promo codes without inviting spam to your party. Sign up for every discount under the sun. Then block the junk texts that follow you. Get all the perks, but none of the spammy baggage, more codes, less chaos. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store and get your shopping sidekick today because the only thing blowing up your phone should be good deals.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg LA And this is season two of the War on drug spike here. Yes Sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports, It is kind of star studded a little bit. Man. We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Kassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or ever you get your podcasts,


The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesdays, five 20 in the Morning. Favorite resources man, off my conversations. It's always nah, fuck that MJ know the ball. I DJ will. That's what I was about. Say everybody here this morning Mo. Here Teague. Here Bishop Here fellows. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening man? What up though? Hey man, what's happening first thing first man? Michael Jordan NBC. Are y'all ready for the goat to talk his shit? They Nah, but I am. Yes. Wow. It's time I want MJ to get on camera. Call all everybody in the NBA trash. He not going to do that. That bro call him sad. Say y'all ain't fucking with me. Get very disrespectful bro.


He's literally not not gonna gonna be on the show. They gonna be the little highlight when they go. It's gonna be Mike Jordan. He just supposed to own it bro. I don't feel like he need to be on there working bro. No bro. Sound not. He's not MJ bro. That's probably bro. What they got him for? Just so that sound? No, no, no, no, no. And Mike pop up the N-B-N-B-N BBC is gonna just go back to the 98 days. The intro before everybody else play. That would be fire. That's literally what he's about to be though. Run my tape. There's no way he's about to talk bro. Hey man, the funny thing about it bro, we don't know what he special contributor. We don't know what he gonna be doing but everybody say he gonna be doing all the gambling segments and that's funny as shit.


If MJ got the draftings probably like every game I'm locked in. Nah, that's hard bro. Let MJ get up there and say his shit. Why he can't talk all these other niggas get to talk see MJ bro. You just, just chill bro. All these other people done got to talk bro. That play the game bro. No shit ain't real man. They not MJ bro. M MJ shit bro. We gotta chill bro. Ceiling is the roof look, You know what I'm saying? Got you. One December is the roof. Like what? He ain't ready for this shit. Everybody in the crowd was like alright fuck it. Mike said I'm rolling. December is the roof. You right. I do feel like I got better. That is one of the mention, that's why I'm getting to he about to say a whole bunch of bullshit and we got wrong because it's MJ and I'm fucking with it bro.


He gonna give us content y'all. Y'all tripping. I feel smarter. All I want to happen is that somehow some way they have to. I said Thomas MJ on the same street that happen shit scene. Right. So that's pay-per-view. Isaiah cuss his ass out on TV and Mike really gonna lose it on him 'cause he ain't really lost it on him publicly yet. He been playing like the JA shadow games Isaiah, he just gonna laugh at him bro. That's all he do. He just laugh at Isaiah Thomas like he laughs at Gary Peyton in the last dance party. Real, he just lick at iPad start cracking up. That's what happened when you just the greatest player. You just laughing nigga Bro I don't have to argue with you facts. You know who got like I want not to switch the show up but You know who gotta Get Well Soon for real. Oh my fucking Utah Jazz.


Check this out man. Y'all did all that fucking tanking and y'all got the fifth. KD said it must be tough everybody man I told y'all he wasn't going there. He ain't doing whatever they want bro. Cooper flag was smiling ear to ear when they see you talking got the fifth pick. He was like I thought no my boy thought he was about to so he was like damn I thought I was gonna be out there with that weekend shit I'm already from Maine. He said I already talked to ZI know how they were in Dallas, we locked in. Liar. You're shitty bro. Said my boy D el turn up. I seen them three I He is. I hate that saying shit bro.


That shit they do whatever they want bro. That shit's not gonna help you unless they wanted to. I get straight to it man. The draft lottery yesterday was one of the most exciting things that happened. This whole entire NBA season. Yes, yes I know. It's like you said too early. Get Well Soon but no it's not the watching wizards. Oh my god. Oh my god. I know y'all pissed. I know y'all are livid. There is no worse. Y'all could have done this season to get the number one pick and look what the fuck happened. That is disgusting from Brazil. We'll not say Cooper flag to y'all no matter what y'all do. They trying to send that late trade to get Chris Bills in the market. Smart chains locker morale. No he is not playing here. He won't be here buddy. He's not also y'all will be getting Ace Bailey.


Damn. But we found out he's actually six seven instead of 16. He's six seven. Yeah. What the the fuck That's a big ass drop off bro. Yeah they be having paws, the draft measurements. It is a lot of K in some of these, You know what I'm saying? Boy. 6 8 6 7 to six is crazy. That's a big difference. Yeah that's a big fell to the eighth spot. Shout out to the spurge though man. Y'all almost got it. Damn we gonna go through this list 'cause this is some great shit that happen. Utah though. They don't give a fuck because they getting AJ next year. That's, that's the vibes. Nah, he will be in Utah for next a bro. Nah he's who aj de is. Utah is his destiny. Their owner has paid prison io. He will be a Utah Jazz. Fix his end bro. They said oh that's okay. We didn't get Cooper. We get the black. We're we getting AJ go to he already there.


He tripping. He'll be the most famous person talk. They gonna vote him this year. Show him the city. I see what y'all saying. He gonna feel at home. He gonna get married. See I'm saying bro, he about to have young boy old house up there. That's where he about to be. You can have a couple wives out there. Right. Damn you Mormon. If you want to. I don't know nothing about the government. They got Mormon. I'm saying like out. I don't know. Used to be your TLC now. Hold on. I can have sister wise two ho but I can't fuck bitches on campus. Gotta married. I can have two hoes but I can't married. It is not illegal in so we put the come what the fuck they live down go to the moron place.


I think that's a little just like generic. We didn't, we didn't fuck they whole shit. Yeah my fault people listen in Utah we're sorry. I dunno what they escaping out there or something. Hey back said they ain't got wifi so they may not seen this for another three years outta Utah. Crazy. Nah bro's roots. They ain't, they ain't let young boy out. Nah man. Curly our loud members to have multiple wis. Alright we just lied to y'all latter They saint. So wait niggas a whole lifestyle? No. Can we go back police to see that dude? Who the fuck was that dude that had all the wives in Utah? He gave my whole lifestyle bro. Man look up the show. Niggas never gonna be able to go to Utah. Go to the show.


Go to the TLC show. Where was they based outta fuck where they from? Oh Wyoming. Oh shit. At Wyoming. Wyoming got crack. Adam put a squad and Wyoming. But look at me is illegal. It's illegal too there. What the hell the fuck is he doing? This squad. He has a TV show bro. He is. He's on TV for sure. Hey man, the fact that we just really violated two states in this country. Off the dribble. Nigga is y is being Nric.


He literally is on TV with these. Alright. All 50 50. So then they just his girlfriend. Oh man. Alright well shout out to his show. The word of today is polygamy. Shout out to his show. No because we go to the lottery verified bucket early. Fucking this gonna be a different show today. Nico is my verified bucket. Yeah Deit make the play. Everybody was mad at Nico. He had the biggest play. He knew the biggest play bro. He knew. Get more apology. I know the NBA was real 'cause they was like I don't say put that call in. Yeah, everybody want kill Nico. Get the number one pick bro. Yeah, facts. Get Luca, get Luca to la we'll give you number one pick. He said fuck fucking Luca for ad and Cooper flag bro. Best trade ever.


Okay fire. Best trade ever. That's fire bro. Let's go. Hey please go to Dur Moore. The Sixers were pissed. Yeah he was liar. The Sixers were pissed. He's cooked. He was cooked. Yeah he's cooked. Dur Moore is a liar. James Word told y'all but please he go to that trade. This is not the first time. Do we have had a major trait in the NBA? Could we go to the picture please? We've not, we've seen the number one pick get to the team that You know made a major trait right before that. Look at the Chris Paul situation. Yeah. Which is why you look at Anthony Davis situation LA they get Zion. Yeah And then again this year with Luca. It is a rigg. Yeah that that, that's clearly everybody knew that. I just forgot that they made this trade. I just thought since they got Anthony Davis they might not give him a number one pick but that was literally made the play in game bro.


Yeah it should not be the number one pick bro. It's no way. It's Rigg. I looked at so many teams that coulda used help that like lowered the locker room. Excuse me, high in the lottery. That shit sucks man. For a second I thought San Antonio was about to get it. I'm like oh they really? No they said they got enough for Giannis now so he might really go there. Listen, spurs got two and 14 in the lottery. I want to ask him, go around the panel. Would y rather get KD or would you rather get Gian It? Yeah Giannis bro. Let's just cheat bro. Okay, run it up. Yeah fuck it. I don't wanna see that. You can give up two 14 fuck and two players and two swaps and get Giannis that shit. I don't want see crazy bro. You don't wanna see that until you see it. Two 14 it's cold.


Harrison Barnes and baby Jeremy Soccer and I don't like that for that ain't getting, that ain't getting Giannis. I think it is. They said they got enough bro. Yeah that ain't enough. That ain't enough. Jeremy, AK and well Harrison Bar Harrison Barn. That's a expired contract. Two. The two lotteries that did two more for four fix. You gonna have Stefan Castle. Yeah Castle probably gonna have to be in the mix bro. Yes Castle. I was thinking that's fair and somebody else but he's in that so, so kind. He can go but Castle gotta be in it too. So Vaal ca. Yeah matter of fact I want Baal and and Castle. Damn. Okay that's cool. My You got two bro. My two lottery picks it then two swaps. It is Giannis bro. Don't give a fuck about them swaps. I want them.


Okay now my old team, I got four young studs. I got Vail's a good player. Castle gonna be a star and I got two potential stars and lottery. They go either way bro. KD or Giannis. You gotta give the same thing pretty much. Nah, not for kd. Now I was gonna say for kds. Oh KD you might be able to just give, you might be able to give up two and a player you might be able to give back second round pick. I mean a second pick two and 14. No it is two. What player though? Cast. Oh just two. Two. A player to match it. Match it up. Because they gotta, they can't run it back in Phoenix like you could run it back in Milwaukee. Man. They could be like we ain't trading gni. He got three more years left on this deal. We did make the playoffs. Yeah that's fair Now KD and them, they ain't do shit.


Yeah we know he's on the way out wherever he wants to go as well. Now I wanna ask y'all, I don't know I this is probably unlikely because ain't no in the world that the NBA gave Nico that first pick for him him to fuck around and traded. But what if they tweaked out? It was just like fuck it, we about to make a move. We want Giannis down here. We'll give y'all ad for Giannis. Ooh I ain't mad Giannis for ad. Oh no, no, no they ain't do that. No, no. So if you give up the number one pick in the player or players and get Giannis and keep ad, is that possible? That's a ugly team. I like Cooper Flag on this team bro. Me too. Yeah. Okay is like if you want, if you want Nico to die, you t Trade Cooper go ahead. He go die twice. That's white people here. Come on bro. A white dude in Dallas bro. What we they say what's worse if he get the number one pick and trade it or he get no more pick and get a back.


Oh fuck God. He'll fuck around that be tight. If LeBron went to the Mavs though bro. Ah hell nah bro. I'm 50 years old. Yeah bro. Bro who I'm ready. I love bro. I'm ready for to retire bro. Bro bro, let LeBron go Rock. So he get a number one pick bro. He out pocket if he get is is he out? Is he out pocket if he do get Giannis for the number one pick? No I'm nothing though. He is a world mad. That team trash Giannis and ad together is crazy. Yeah I don't like that trash But Kyrie don't wanna play with Giannis. Well he ain't gonna be there next for a whole year so he gotta sell Giannis ad. I'm mad he going work come back Kyrie bro. That is crazy. It is crazy but you can figure some shit off.


What I mean of course if I can get it because to be honest, Cooper flag don't really fit that team Cooper flag ain't no three be a four, they're gonna have to move gaffer 'cause he said he wanted consider paid anyway. So you gonna have live still got lively at the five a Cooper at the three. Yeah. That nasty. That's a nasty three work. I'm nothing that's fire. That team good. Cooper flag is not a three but and Paul six s came back yesterday as well. He's six seven as well. So nah I don't Cooper flag No no 40 bro. He six seven just the combine shit it is six seven. I seen that nigga in real life that this is a big ass white kid bro. No disrespect a white boy big been around since six seven motherfuckers. He's Bailey been six, seven is throwing me off bro.


I knew he was 16. Him and that nigga from Maryland. They they huge bro. Mc, his message came he's 16 a tall as hell bro. Yeah when we seen him play age bay probably 6, 8, 6 9. He gotta at least be six nine bro. How tall is coup? Yeah, he's six seven. How tall is is said Dill Harper six four. That's the only couple I seen off hand. I about say he y'all about say Dylan and they say he drops white too. He's at two 15. That's good. So what do you do with him? I gonna say for shits and giggles now say neither one of these teams move picks if you're the Mavs obviously you gonna Cooper if you the Spurs, where you going to, you train it, you train two or 14 and get somebody and you sending them to whoever got, if it is Phoenix, y'all about to get Dylan Harper.


Mm Y'all need a point and go all there you go. Yeah. And then 14 you going to get wherever else left. Now obviously we talked about Giannis, You know what I'm saying? He put out the little filler said hey I might wanna be somewhere else. You brought this up. Miami being a potential team to he go to. Yeah if you Giannis is it worth staying put or is it worth switching it up? 'cause he is about to be 30 sometimes he I think need a new vibe. He need some fresher air. Go live where the sun at? Yeah, sometimes you just want a new vibe bro. Like he been in Milwaukee so long, it's cool. The vibe just ain't vibing no more. Yeah you got him a chip bro. He like the vibe somewhere. If he goes to Miami though, he's gonna take, I mean the two best players from that team, it's probably gonna be in Milwaukee for that trade.


The roster. I know what they going do. Like what's the flexibility for a team like Miami to even acquire him 'cause they gonna probably give a ba. I don't know if you giving a BA and Tyler hero, that might be a lot. But I mean it is Giannis too to be fair. What does that roster do then? He gonna give up Bam. Bam. Hot hero is a lot bro. Bam is somebody else. Yeah. Bam pics and yeah because you ain't gonna give up our hero. That might be too much. Mm. It's not worth it. We selling it's money. Sad. Yeah the money don't add up 'cause Giannis, he gonna have to go play with another star bro. Ain't no sister him going to another team and playing by himself again. He might stay in Milwaukee. Yeah, what was the point? I mean you just literally wanna live in Miami.


Yeah ain't bad at sometimes You know I ain't mad at that either. But we know that's what it is for basketball. But he could go for Ba and Tyler Hero could get traded for somebody else. You never know. Sure. But I think he probably want to go to San Antonio or Houston or something like that. We got some players that's already, yeah go to a team that's ready to win if he goes to San Antonio, that's, that's crazy. Look like the mind stars bro. It did Fox Giannis and Win. You could play together. Crazy bro. You talking about your beloved western conference bro. She gonna get ugly. I don't want Yanna Southwest but that'll be cool. Alright for sure man. Let's have some fun in the super chat. The art man foreman on is Steve says Nico playing in full effect.


He's going trade number one Pigtail likers forever. Look at to to the Lakers forever. Luca Dantes and become a God in Dallas Luca Kyrie ad and Clay. No that's not gonna happen. If Rob Poka calls his phone he better not ever answer that again. The Finess is already in. Nah that'd be fired though. He would be like hey we got his Everwood pick. You Think you wanna send Luca back over here? We don't like the way shit went down another white. Yeah, yeah we gonna get out Everwood pick. That would be insane bro. That would be fire. LeBron is a joke. No he would be a guy if Dallas if he did that. LeBron already on internet laughing and shit that he going that too. He gonna change boy. He do that trade. He'll lose it. He'll lose it bro. For sure.


Sean got the juice says no fun. Should Jeff keep out in the Knicks because he's been working Nigga Shout to be here for believing in nothing. Now hit my music place. Erkin jerk. Yeah Wallo thought he was first nigga. I'm the first nigga with this jersey nigga. Fuck outta here a nigga. Yeah all niggas is quiet now. Niggas is quiet now that niggas wanna play Kin Jerk. Okay that's your mu, that's your theme song. Yeah. Fuck niggas he alive. He was a alive as thi song. Kin jerk. Get some money. Niggas except hello talk to five nigga kin jerk nigga.


Y'all Damon Hopkins Super said I bought that Greg dude I know my nigga shot Toledo Prayer out to Jason Tatum. Man the the same with injuries for show man. Man that's up to JT man. The Pacers wouldn't be shit if it weren't for injuries man. Don't bring us up in this situation. But prayers up to JT man the finals bro. That sucks to see. So can we say the same for Nicks? 'cause they didn't beat nobody without major injury. Oh man they we was whoop they beating him before Jason got hurt. Yeah don't we? Same Literally when he got hurt they were down. Yeah we not we not the same. That was okay to kill baby. No we we not the same as the patience. Don't do that. You not Seven Star Media said everybody saying if Taan didn't get inters would've won. Not true. They didn't score for eight minutes. We're down seven when he went down.


Oh yeah. T stop saying you was lazy. He was really a problem for a lot of guards in your prom. Yeah I was lazy but they still I yeah I was better now it's all for sure. All jokes aside. Appreciate it. Jason Taylor went crazy yesterday but the Knicks definitely, they handled business yesterday. They were winning when he got hurt they were up. Yeah he literally got hurt on them turning the ball over. Yeah, no smart at all. Justin Bankson super chair says Katie to Denver and him fuck up the league against and port to the son so he can go to Cleveland to help Diamond out. I don't think anybody is looking to make a major move for Michael Porter Jr. Right now respect to him but at is a tough move right now. Hey he is. Yeah he's not the one. Yeah. Shout out to him PJ man give us home game but let's get straight to it.


Yesterday after the wonderful draft lottery, Nick took care of the Celtics yesterday. 1 21 and one 13. Yeah. JB went crazy yesterday. 39, 12 and five. Kat had 23 and 11 Kel bridges showing up in the play playoffs 23 and seven. JT before his injury was going crazy. 42, 8 and four. Bless you. JB had 20 and seven and Derek White had 23. Man hell of a game yesterday into the unfortunate injury man. Also prayers up for JT again. Man that sucks to see also, I hate that y'all have to play highlights that much. Please stop showing people getting injured like that. Yeah like why do they keep replaying? It's like damn we know he tore his Achilles bro. Relax. Yeah like please stop showing that. Yeah, Get Well Soon. Jason Tatum, I hope you a speedy recovery my nigga.


You know we love you on this show a fact but fuck the Celtics nigga on my mama Jason what's that nigga name? Jalen Brown talking all that shit. Step your shit up now nigga. We go see how you would in this game. Five God damnit. Its every time he talks shit that they lose talk shit. For real. Immediately lost so nigga watch your mouth nigga. He said he wanted to be the guy all he show us now you the guy. Hey I ain't gonna hold you unfortunate injury but next year is we gonna see how good Jaylen Brown is. We gonna see how good nigga in a couple days. Fuck next year now nigga wheel him back time now. Three one. You the star. Oh it's quiet. You got time. It's quiet. He don't feel that way. Oh well best show us. You the guy. Yeah like he said nigga I'm the best driver nigga in the whole NBA turn up.


Get this him ready. Drive away nigga. Here in Nigeria. Get the CBOs ready. Hop to win nigga. You the guy boy. You the guy. Yeah. Fuck outta here man. Now obviously now what about he gonna get 50 in back to back game? That'd be hard. That'd be fired. I like damn. You are the guy nigga holding you back. Hey see that's the problem. Did Derrick just go change like that for no reason real quick. Yeah, You know damn day with this shit bro. Yeah, nah.


So from the play games all the way to the finals, now is the time to back your favorite players in teams as they chase scorer raid the place your first bet. Download DraftKings Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus Bes easily make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino when resorting Kansas 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See d kng dot coast slash audio.


So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do but we all know degree. Cool Rush is deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Hey friend, I know how this feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out. Then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the fda. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary.


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify The thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is That. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide. And hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Man, what a game. The Knicks handled business yesterday. Every time they dealt with adversity they bounced back. Girl boy, Jalen Brunson special boy wonder the best to do it bro. He really be posting anybody up bro. It doesn't matter how tall you are. He's crazy. From six one or seven foot you can get put on that block. Can put on the block. And also we talked about the free throws yesterday for the Knicks. They shot nine for 12. They only had what, four first half free throws? Yeah, they shoot a lot more than that. They wasn't getting a lot of calls yesterday and they still maintained that. Man that was crazy. That's why. That's why you can't say nothing. The Knicks really went out there and earned it. They was trying to take it away from him. Tim, you the best coach in the league. Man. They coaching play niggas forever. They die. He don't care. He just keep playing. Don't care. Shout out to my kill lock.


That's probably be like even if they down 25, they still in the game. 'cause he never taken a about bro. They went down 14, came back down 14 again. All the first half not going to the free throw line. It was destined for them to win this one man. Come on man. Kel Bridge showed up as usual bro. Shout to og. I thought OG was out. I was like fuck to the locker room. I said he big ass threes bro. And he still played 40 minutes. He went to the locker room and still played 40 minutes. T don't tib don't give a fuck. He told you back, gimme a get bow right now. He was right at the corner table. I said chill. Nah he gonna earn your bread but t You know the vibes Kale Bridge is playing 44 minutes last night. It is crazy bro.


Bro got got dope fee energy bro. Dope fee energy bro. I like that. He getting Mitchell Robinson in the game though bro. He gets so many offensive rebounds. That was crazy bro. He is the best offensive rebounder I've seen since D time. He never got five in a row yesterday. God he is. Get out the wave bro. He is amazing. Offense rebounder. And I know the STAs may not show it but he's definitely been outplaying. Chris s Razzy For sure. For sure. PRUs is on a trading. He giving giving us nothing. We we're pr. He's the one that gotta go. You saying he wasn't, he has to go. Yeah, Pingus is gone. He was there killing series but he has not. I know he been, I'm not gonna do that to you kp. But he ain't giving him shit kp. You was love last year. You are hate now you are gone. Him love KP Mitchell Robinson.


I know, I know you do. You want to keep me in the game That my guy man. He like Tyrone right now bro. He hurt. Yeah he fucking because there's no reason that a cat, Mitchell Robinson Hollow should be dominated like that. But Jesus Christ I nigga ain't even playing that many minutes. That's the reason why we can't play you bro. Mitchell Robinson is dominating. He in there and be ass can't rebound bro. He in there missing booms bro. You're seven foot that's that's out of pocket. He caught him one yesterday though. But yeah he been, he been playing garbage but sorry you on opposed the team man. Fuck you too. Shout to Mitch man. And did y'all see Mitch on the internet talking to people? He is like hey bro, we don't really give fuck what you do. Your personal life just hit free throws like we don't need all this content from you because you feel away hit bro.


Nah, nah, fuck that. Make your content man. Show your cars and your crib ball bro. You earned that shit. And then they start showing his, his, his summer workout is crazy. He hit Stepback three. The summer bank tape is crazy. That that shit is crazy. That's every NBA nigga though bro. The summer bro. That is my favorite. Going from stepback threes to air ball and free throws is crazy bro. That's it's a different lights is different bro. Hit different bro. He hit the room though Phil. I think it's a mental block bro. 'cause when he get up there he, I immediately get scared. He like fuck yeah Why y'all following me again? Because ba mighta ba you look like Jordan in the summer bro. Ba cold but he look different. Not air ball and free throws bro. Wave Cap bam is different. Nah. Oh my mama bro. He cold real talk bro. His open gym swag is crazy.


We started playing like that a little bit this year though. Yeah. Insane. But we've seen Bam Kill in the finals as well. Pitch Robinson can hit the sprinkle line and shit. Get wicked. Oh boy. He watch. I'm gonna make up for it though. You can hit the, he is making up for it. You can hit the rim bro. Who got the better summer workout situation or Mix tape? Him or Ben Simmons? Ben Simmons. Ben Simmons. Oh yeah, Ben Simmons Shit grew me What? Yeah, Ben Simmons really cold. He is a J Turkey in the summer bro. For sure man. People are really good in the NBA man. In case you didn't know but obviously I we're all expecting this to be over next game. Yeah, it's done man. Yeah I'm, I'm done with the Celtics. Yeah it's over. Yeah. Welcome to the Celtics man. We thought this was going to go totally different. Everybody thought it was gonna be belt to ass all the way. Yeah I did.


I'm one of 'em people. I most definitely am. I'm one of 'em people too. Oh my god. Well speaking of the next game it took place. So Wolves took care Gold State yesterday. 17 one. It's the real thing. Okay. It ain't no, ain't no it ain't no replica. It's a real thing. Adam Silver. It's a real thing. It even got the Fitbit on it. Oh okay. Real. Okay. Little workout wrist band. Shout out to the bullshit sponsor. No, we like Fitbit. NBA authentic real throwback there. You know I don't know if that'd ever be a throwback disrespectful, we pop tags and shit. What's the back of yours look like?


Like a real dre. That shit look fake. We got big the numbers shit. Damn my shit is C. Hold on mess shit. Look. Hey no now you respect Mitchellness. That is not a swing man. Oh man. Yesterday your boy JR R went crazy. 31 and five. Y'all know the vibes man. Hey he showed up in the second half with a 30 ball Kig up in hooping. He had 23 yesterday. Jimmy had 14 Minga get that money back way my 14 as well. I ain't gonna do too much though. Step out, You know what I'm saying? Yeah but good dub though. Good dub. They just doing what they supposed to do stuff. Yeah. Good dub. I ain't gonna hate though. I don't even watch the, I ain't gonna lie. I watched a little bit of the game but it ain't even that fun no more. They had a rocky, rocky season.


That's why I'm fucking with it. Nobody thought they'd be at where they at right now. So I mean shit, they kicking ass. Fuck it. Yeah, unfortunately I watched all this game. Julius Randall went crazy in the first time. Yeah I watched it but I wouldn't really like in like a, went crazy in the second half. Yeah he, he brought him home for sure after the end of that Boston Knicks game. Especially watching JC it was like yeah basketball was kind of za from the last time. Yeah man was like damn we just had a dope ass draft lottery then this shit happened and now we gotta watch Rudy go beer. I ain't even gonna really go with him feeling that but You know sense to report for y'all. No, no. Steph make that series. Draymond almost slammed Rudy Gold Berry yesterday. But he caught himself. He did. He was about to relax. He wrapped him over and he like, let me chill. Yeah he almost slammed him though. He shoulda did it. Draymond a little too physical man.


He got to chill. Yeah, I I it's not much to say about this man. The Warrior is doing the best they can. The fact that it was close says a lot for them. Nah, shout out to him man. You being that young being a leader like that is fire bro. Like shit, like I said, you can only play who in front of you so fuck it bro. Keep the As. Nobody, nobody expects nothing from Golden State right now bro. Nah, nah man, they Buddy Hill out here taking Option one shots. What we doing for sure. Yeah, I mean he got two Draymond shooting hella threes. They got two bro. Who else gonna do it? Jimmy only shot nine shots though. Jimmy's like fuck it. Yeah, but Jimmy had, Jimmy had on moments where he like, he be chilling like oh I gotta get my, my teammates gotta get involved. You can see it. Damn they can't afford that with this team bro. And they would send it to of him at times where he's, they got one to sit, wait for him to get into the mid.


He like all y'all so like just pass it. I'm not about to just play double team. But Krum was super just said that Jimmy Flu coach set to commit wage step. Damn. Are you the first option to playoff game and take nine shots? What we doing? He must be, it's called schemes. He must be a Warriors fan. Yeah. What do you expect from him? See that's why you can't bro, that's why you can't go to teams like that. They ungrateful when you win a lot, you complain about everything like the Knicks fans, if they would've lost a series, they would've had a great time. They'd be like, oh yeah we made to the second round. Now they they they don't even gotta win the Eastern Crown finals just making it. Oh yeah. Oh. Oh that SL Best year ever. Jalen Brunson getting a statue. What Jersey already in the rapers could take them to the finals though.


Star studded if he take them to the finals. Oh my god he the greatest Knick ever. He gonna run to New York. Yeah it is easily if they win. Oh. Oh my god. I I don't with if the Knicks win, I, I hope they, I hope they win. We gotta pull up if the Knicks win bro I'm booking a flight. If they win, Jalen Brunson is gonna be, you won't be able to say nothing to, they gonna retire his jersey while you playing like I'm going to New York if they win And I am happy that y'all feel this enthusiastic and I'm not even no real fan. I pop y'all popping shit got us fucked up. Shit. Y'all be popping shit. I'm with the Pacers bro. I'm just saying nah that celebration is different. That's gonna be like Jeff's celebration or he won New York. Nick won the, the Pacers win the championship. Nobody really gonna give a fuck but DJing them dj, that shit gonna be fat crazy.


It's not gonna be Bob kkk Rod. What? I'm damn look that's our last DJ put him on the shirt ain. DJ on the stick man. False. Hey yo get fuck DJ shit nigga look like Sinners man shot baseball That stupid as the next episode gonna have an airbrush. Take your As to nigga the fuck you doing.


Celebrate All Stars supposed to be downtown. It's our shit. Well hanging down the rule as it might gonna look real different be bro. That's it bro. Won't be a black person in sight bro. Bro. It's gonna be a sea of white for sure in that joint. But speaking of the Pacers at CS tonight, game five real life won't be a black person in sight nigga Kro is disgusting. I that is crazy though.


When I really think about it won't be one black person out there bro. But DJ it is bro but it's gonna look so crazy but DJ, me and the niggas on the team, it's gonna be them and the players bro because thing about that like you, when you go to the game it rare you see black people at the game be like I'm telling you it'd be like it's 20,000 people with that mug. It'd probably be a thousand black people You know would make it worse. If you ever see the pictures they take like a game like steal shots or some crazy going on. It's always a wild ass white man doing some shit like hey it's a representation. I'm cool bro. I'm I go down I ain't going to that one. I ain't going protect my family bro.


My family need. Yeah, yeah there's no DI in that one all I ain't going that man Atlanta would've been lit though. We would've won a championship on every, they tell me I could had a magic city float. You gotta make sure that going a couple different street stars in Atlanta tour the home as we going down Buckhead nigga every about be Turk me could have, I would've been on the Magic City float. I'd be like that boyt crazy. Y'all thought I was popping Ace then I was popping Ace head Milwaukee. Yeah Milwaukee got some. It's some black people in Milwaukee though. Shout to Milwaukee.


Y'all are crazy man. Corey Aton super check says I think it's over for the Cavs. What Mitchell got to do to get past the second round. Also shout to the 2013 National Champs Louis Quads out the gate Fred To Real for sure. That's a fire squad on everything. Yeah, shout playing. I think he's the game time decision. I don't, he ain't playing boy he shouldn't. You know how he go. Yeah once he felt they was cooked, he's cooked. He like we down 50 my ankle hurt now. Facts not to say he fake it or nothing but shit. He like shit it was a little tender so now I ain't gonna play through it. Yeah it was a little tender. I ain't even about to press it And all, all jokes inside the situation. There's no point of you playing this game. We have seen too many people come in these situations to get hurt. We've seen too major injuries so far just it's not worth bro Achilles and shit.


Man it's not worth bro. KD coming back early. People was fucking with him. Miss Calf, he tore his Achilles like man your shit don't feel a hundred man sit down. Same thing with Darius Garland. Your toe hurt nigga. Yeah I don't hit sit down. I old the pace went by 40 though tonight. Yeah, me too. Put em out. That misery put the, that's some real shit. Put the dime dog down. I want James Johnson in tonight. That's what I want. Yeah man shoot him in the head. Put JJ in the game. Get him out the way. But yeah we should head our business tonight. I'd be surprised if it does. If not, I mean we'll just win the next game anyway but Get Well Soon to the Cavs Nuggets. Thunder tie series two too. Yeah, series boring too. I got thunder tonight though. It is a boring series bro.


It's not entertaining at at all. That's why I don't want see OKC in the finals bro. Mm. They are not entertaining man. And I thought they would be. They they are, they are. We're just having a down series. They are. Nah when you really watching it bro. When you watch 'em, even though Shaa is really, really good at basketball, his game is not exciting. Mm. He'd just be scoring. He just kill but it ain't exciting. Like you gotta really love. He's probably the smoothest NBA player bro. But you gotta really love basketball to like he real smooth. You gotta really? Yeah to appreciate his game. You got really love basketball. Damn. A nigga ain't throwing it off the backboard and he don't dunk but damn he don't shoot threes. That ain't that exciting.


I don't know what you want nigga. What you want? What y'all want? What y'all think is Harlem Globetrotters? What y'all want niggas to do with? I didn't say nothing. He be killing. He did but Anthony Edwards is exciting 'cause he go dunk on people jump over, he pull threes he tall. Shit do a lot of shit. He tall shit. Shit. Tall shit too. Make you hype with him. Yeah Shay just hit a lay up bump. You be Ooh that's a tough move. That's all you say about him. Ooh that's a tough shot. He cold. Yeah You know he good but you ain't excited to watch him. You and Jalen Brunson bro. He gets cracking. He to watch bro. He gets it cracking bro. Bro he pull three, he start hitting you with the very disrespectful. Oh yeah. Damn. He hit big shots like they be, I don't know, I almost got hype a couple times I did. I'm like damn this nigga really hoop. We called, they got busy shots.


So if it was the Nuggets and the Knicks, oh it's this look. Who would y'all take? I wanted to be the Nuggets I the timber. I mean I wanted to be the Timber Wolves and the Knicks. I do too but I was just saying I I be, I'm done with that. I want the Timber Wolves. Timber Wolves and the Knicks would be fired. What cat going back home. That nigga would have a terrible series. I want the patience to win but the Knicks and Timber Wolves Knicks and Timber Wolves is how to final if a B'S cat for a championship. That's crazy. That is hard. I I got too many New York two teams that made the trade all season meet the finals but I my damn if yo slide over there, I got many New York friends to watch the Knicks though bro. They get on my nerves out to dLAN. Yeah bro. Alright, I wanna ask y'all this question for Denver to win night. What they gotta do?


Shit I did last time makes, I'm like give a fuck. Fuck Yoic gotta play better. I don't know. Fuck that serious. Stop 1 7 22. Fuck it. Why not? I'm ready for the Western Commerce finals Minnesota verse, whoever in Minnesota better win. And then a Knicks. I don't even care if it's a Knicks or a Pacers. I don't care. Either one's cool. But I the Knicks would make it more lit though. Like ae in the garden would be lit. That'd be far though. Making finals is crazy though. After all they did this year bro. Yeah and they making the finals. That'd be crazy. Yeah, Tyree if Tyree go to the finals bro, the pace gotta give him a a statue bro. Oh me gotta give him a statue bro. Best pacer ever.


Fuck Tyree. They gonna, if he go to the finals and win. Oh if he win the finals. Yeah, for sure bro. Hell, if he win a chip aint got no chip me, he not the best pacer. If he put a better up better than him, he win the chip. If I get a better, a better pacer than him, he's a, he's a better player. But I won the championship so I'm the best if I, if I put a banner up, you can't say up to me. If Tyre Holbert winning the championship bro. They the chip. That's what I'm saying. The chip, I'm the goal of this bitch if I win a championship bro, I'm good forever bro. Free John, bro. Free to real. He, he the goal forever.


If he win the chip, he win the chip bro. What? Opposite. But he, he's definitely like fifth on the list right now. Nah, he not the best right now. Nah, fuck. This is Reggie Jermaine pg and he might be right there and then it's like they gonna go to a BA players and I don't care nothing about that respect to them. Yeah, I'm talking about Indiana Pacers. Oh yeah. Gimme Ron Artes just because see we crazy in the palace. I'm going just 'cause they beat niggas up. LeBron is definitely top off. Yeah, he he's greater than Rick Smith. No disrespect Davis. Yeah Dale Davis being on that list. Respect, but that's crazy. Tyse being behind Dale Davis is disrespectful. He and Rick Smith shout out to Miles team. He damn near, behind Miles bro.


Yeah, right now. Yeah. Tyrese behind Miles bro. Miles's been there for 10 years bro. That's cool bro. With y'all, y'all wild. But if he, if he gets to the final then it's my is better than him right now bro. As a person. He's been there for 10 years. Been there for a long time. Butty is the best point choir I'd ever played for the Pacers make a difference. I be difference. Oh my fault. I'm, I'm, I'm I'm best of that boy. I thought you were about to say Mark Jackson or Jay Rose. I'm dead. I damn happy of that baby. I'm happy. Shout my nigga. Team man find 44 Jersey. Let's go.


So we all made mistakes, right, but on up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Hey friend. I know how it feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out. Then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary.


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. This is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast. Focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is Living to please people. Your mountain is that Listen to Made for This Mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Sud, CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


All Verified Buckets. We getting to it yesterday. I'm gonna give it to jt man. Get Well Soon. My boy. For real? For real. No smut 42. You was going crazy. I hate that happen to you brother. Man, that sucks man. And everybody was talking about his side said three. He was working last night. He was splashing my Josh. Har tripping. Then he couldn't hit no more. Shout to JT man. Get Well Soon. Tell you who you got, man. My Get Well Soon is the fucking Utah Jazz Verify buckets. Oh but Utah Get Well Soon anyway. Verify Bucket. Go to Dallas because you had to play boy. Yeah Nico, you might verify Bucket. You knew Go you A, they told you the script and you followed it. Boy, you a good actor. Yeah. Shout out to the go. I wonder if they still gonna boo him now.


My nose is done bro. Yeah, okay, well listen, we haven't got to the draft yet. He might still tweak out if he knew something else. He's to go. He, this was a play for real. Like this was a whole thing thing. He was like, hey you gonna have to go through this to the draft. We going to get you Cooper flag. He sacrifices mental health for this shit. Yeah, Adam call in bro. He said, I'm sorry you gonna have to do this. He was like, you gonna have to do this. Don't worry about it. They gonna hate you for a little bit. You gonna get Cooper, everything be fine. All right. You know what's fucked up? The other people who got fired before this came out 'cause they fired other people. The organization that sucks. Oh yeah. That had to play the whole time. Yeah, that's the bullshit. Yeah. Casual seasons, the war's, how it goes man, look who you got? Lon Brunson man. 39, 12 and five. He held it down. Come on man.


All NBA is he gonna get that first team spot on. Oh for sure. Yeah he got two locked bro. A lot. For sure he got New York lit. There was so many people at that game yesterday. There was so many people outside the game. Nah, shit. That little pickleball, whatever it was at was too. See look at LA New York. Knicks back rocking. NBA is in a good place. You see Stevie a Smith lil nephew wherever he is. Yeah. Hate he was tur. He funny. But I am bro. He is hilarious bro. He hilarious bro. He's hilarious. He said yo, he go court side, you gonna think I was. Oh I hate you because that's some shit I would've did.


I fuck with, fuck with. Nah he funny as hell. I like that bro. He's hilarious. For show get back on the show. I forgot his name but he didn't know the show either. Josh, Josh. I like how he rock it bro. Oh they took him off the show? Yeah, he was off the show. Oh yeah, that's what his people told to they family that we met Wwb. Nah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Love. Yeah they was cool as hell. Yeah. Josh. Yeah, he funny man. Fred real man free him and John Halliburton. No he really to say on the show like I'm the real Josh Smith. No you not. But I'm rocking though. Hey for real. Y'all need to tattoo. It is a girl if y'all won't lie, that nigga funny as hell. Nah, funny as hell for sure. Last but certain not least man. Verified Bucket. Shout to the real Jr. He had 31 and five. My boy Ben Hooping.


Yeah he Get Well Soon. Wrote a Clipse please bro. Dante's shit bro. Draymond outta pocket. Sorry Dante bro. I'm apologize for brother. You know what they call, hell come on. Damn. Look at that. Hey You know crazy. They was t, they calling to jump ball. Dante mad as hell. I know TI about Col. I got call on behalf on behalf of my brother Dre. Oh they still? Yeah, on behalf of my brother m call him anyway. Why did he do that bro? On behalf of Draymond. Dante. I'm sorry brother. I don't know my boy been tweaking out, You know what I'm saying?


That's crazy. The fact that they didn't call that a foul is crazy. That's the crazier part. Let's see if he is a jump balls wicked Hold. No bro, that's insane. He me down. Yeah, he, it is probably too early though. He probably, they probably they played last night. Yep. Ah no it's too early. They ain't, they fly out. They fly out today. Oh man, hilarious. Draymond never fail to amaze man. That is crazy. For sure. Alright. Wrote the next one. Oh yeah, A close out the half on some bullshit. Come here. Ooh baby Jordan Jordan could never bow that gp.


Yeah and Dre mine and Dre mine. He said hey ain't no five rings. This your nigga how crush the shit out gp. Yeah I fuck with that's and Draymond committed a double sea earlier than that gang. It wasn't like he was about to pass it. It wasn't nothing he could do hell of a shot. That confidence is unbelievable. He's a killer. And last was certain, not least the Chicago Bulls, the Brooklyn Nets. Oh yeah, the Washington Wizards. All the sad teams in NBA Utah. You still gonna say sad. Definitely Utah Get Well Soon. Definitely Utah. I know y'all getting AJ next year, but y'all did not want that fifth pick. Y'all was hoping it was gonna be at least top three. He thought they was gonna get AJ and Cooper.


I wonder who gonna be there for them at five. They they have a good pick though. Who they gonna get? Ah man, Jeremiah Fierce gotta go out there. Fuck. Ooh, him and AJ ain't bad though. In the back court. Me, it's But why we here too before we get your part? Like what do the Sixers do? They got the third pick. They going pick, You know they gonna pick Ace Bailey. Damn. That's where you see what they gonna do with your boy then? Huh? It's a lot of people over there nigga. They, I like that young rookie they had too. Quin, Grimes. Oh nah. QQ gone So that you got what? But I like J Young Rookie, they had it from Kentucky man. He was good. He good.


You spoke him twice Edwards? Yeah. They need to let him rock out a little bit. He good But look at that roster boy. Yeah, Justin Edwards was definitely supposed to be a lottery pick for sure. He was supposed to be a higher pick so they got lucky with him. But man what do you do? Tyrese Maxey back. You got Jeremy McCain back? I, I hate to go whoever got the, whoever go to Philly bro. I'm sorry for y'all bro. Grab a big Philly. Philly Ace Bailey. That's tough. Nah, I don't wanna put him in that situation because he ain't gonna get no touches to be really who we Think you can be because we know second order who go to the top. Do you got Jay Villas Top 10 Spurs gotta pick Ace. Nah. Yeah they do bro.


If they keep that pick, who do y'all think that? What do they need? No that's a, that's a nice ca come off the bench. They don't need nothing. You think if they keep that pick? Yeah, if they keep that pick they're not gonna keep both of 'em picks. I'd be surprised if they kicked two and 14. They have to pick. What about the Epsy from this scrub Derrick Queen or something? Derrick Queen? Yeah they have to pick somebody like that. They don't, I ain't mad at that. They need like a, they don't need a point guard. They got Fox. They want Future. They got a second backup with Castle as a point guard too. And you got VA still wing. They probably could use Ace Bailey. Boy. How you feel about Dylan Harper with the team?


Because you play him at the two. Is he too small? He too small? Nah, he a traditional pg. Yeah, I was gonna say, I didn't know if you could put him at the combo guard with Def Fox. You can but he, he, he castle. Him and Castle similar bro. He need that ball too bro. Yeah, him and Castle Similar need a pill. He definitely need a pill. The Spurs definitely trained his pick. You said they need more young guys. That gonna make sense bro. Yeah, they don't need no more young guys. Yeah bro. They gonna bring pop back bro. How about to pull up Pat Riley? I'm back bro. We got the wig. Gimme another chin. They don't need no more young guys. Yeah Charlotte. We don't know what y'all gonna do. Charlotte. Oh they going, You know Ace Bailey is going there. Ace, ACE Bailey is going to Charlotte. You gonna put Ace Bailey next to B Mill. Oh that's a Charlotte move right there.


Ace Bailey. That's true. A is going to Charlotte. Welcome to the Brotherhood bro. And I don't think Ace Bailey's gonna to Charlotte. I can see that. That's why I said welcome. Get you a chain bro. Vj. Well VJ's cool too though. I yeah, VJ is going nice. He's super athletic. Yeah, yeah. Super, super athletic. I could see. Yeah, that ain't bad. That ain't bad. Ace Bailey is going to Charlotte. Man. I was seeing some some NFL reporters, they was talking about the NBA. It's always, always a back and forth and they were just like the one thing that the NFL does better than the NBA is making sure the small markets get better. They were just like, y'all teams be sad but like they don't never get no picks like this. They just gonna stay sad. The nets are gonna stay sad.


The bulls are gonna stay sad. Like, I mean they're not small market but NFL if you trash you getting no one pick. Yeah. Now you got a chance of your old franchise to be relevant at least for a couple seasons. Yeah, but like that is too much tanking in the NBA. Mm. You think this will change it? Like the thing about football, if you bad it hurts you. Like if your team suck, like it hurts you for real. Like people don't fuck with sad teams in the nfl. Like your fans really be mad. Yeah. Like, You know what I mean? Like in basketball, like when we get to game 30, if you sat they like, Hey Tank, we could get like football. They like, hell nah. And then it ain't no guaranteed contracts. So niggas still play hard in football.


You know what I mean? Like nah, shit, they might fuck around, cut me, wave me, I gotta do this and basketball. You got guaranteed deals bro. Man what we sad? I'm sitting out, I'm making $50 million a year and we want to tank it and you can just tell me to sit down. Nah, that's good. You know what I mean? I'm cool. I'll definitely will sit down. Don't worry about it. Yeah, most definitely. Well said. All right. Be you got a light for us, a diaper shot with some paper strictly for the Pacers. It's a light lay. Take somebody out to eat. Pacers win Pascal to score 20. Tyrese to have 10 assists. That's Tyrese to have six rebounds. $5 when you $140. That's I'll tell I I'm doing that. I like that. I know Tired gonna be bound got.


I dont know about Pascal on that 20 though. Nah, my boy back. He got get in shape for next season. I mean for next. Yeah, next season. You right. Let's go K. Oh really Disgusting work. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back same time tomorrow. Five 20 in the Morning. The Volume okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Wanna keep your personal number private but still stay connected with line two. You can get a second phone line right on your device with a super simple app and no need for another phone. Whether it's for online shopping, dating, or shielding your main number from Spam line two is an easy way to manage it all ready for peace of mind without breaking the bank. Call, text block and more for only 9 99. Get started with line two.com/audio or download line two in any app store today. Line two, your second line simplified.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Lott. And this is season two Of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes Sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It Kind of star studded a little bit. Man. We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen To new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.