
Hi, it's the Herd I'm partnering with PayPal Turn Black Friday into Stack Friday in the PayPal app. Find tons of cashback offers to stack on top of Black Friday deals from your favorite brands. All you gotta do is check out with PayPal online. Now that's a stack. Don't just pay PayPal. Check offers in the app. For details. Cash back, earned as points, redeemable for cash and other options, terms and exclusions apply. What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds.


It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you For more. check out Bose dot com


When you choose to earn your degree online From Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s hsu.edu today to get started.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing a part. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay, they've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network.


Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch Up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months. The Volume. Good morning. Happy Monday Club 5 25 20 In The Morning man we appreciate y'all tuning in.


We're gonna start your week off right, keep you update everything in the sports world, especially basketball. I got my esteemed co-host with me today. To my left I got Bishop Hendrick to my right, my brother Teague Fellas, good morning. How y'all doing today? Chilling bro. Cool and nasty. Let's get to it. Urge y'all had to go see Cisco. Shake it down this weekend because he was living I job for everybody Indianapolis. Who attended the, it was Tyree concert at Audible in two 18. In one 12 and a whole lot of other people concert. Yeah. Shout out to a DJ Watts bro. He carried the show. Yeah. Love Watt. Yeah he carried the show man. It ain't nothing like going to a concert and having a good DJ 'cause when the acts be wilding out, at least you can have fun in in the meantime.


So shout out to DJ Wat but hold it down in the city man. And SW ice cold. You know he still got a banger. Oh yeah they played that. Everyone still cold Don't fall sw. You need to update the song so it can play louder. That song gonna live forever. Yeah, for sure. I'll be for real though. Like I think it's just like a older song so you gotta just, if he just remaster that drink for sure man we gonna put y'all in the world man to Indianapolis Music. We gonna make a a playlist, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Some of the slaps in the city people ain't too familiar with Shout Some Love they played that Maxie too. Alright, come on man. Maxie got a banger too. Shout to Young Maxie. I was in there Jigg la They for sure was. Yeah y'all was exposing our age in there man.


Boy I showing your ass bro. For sure. Listen man we always love talking about basketball. We're gonna get y'all Up to date. NFL as well man. Saquon Barkley been going crazy this year. The Eagles secure the Rams last night on Sunday night Football. Listen man, 26 attempts for 2 55 rushing yards and two TDS eagles nine to two seven in a row. Listen man, as much as it pains me to show them love they killing right now man. They looking like they gonna do some damage in the NFC Super Bowl. You give him a Super Bowl? No. Nah, nah. I mean they're having a good year. I'm glad Sequan got that trade and been balling. You know a lot of people been a lot of Smit on the running backs but he making a statement that let you know that you can still be a top tier running back and a hall of famer capable type player and get paid.


You know what I mean? Most people is a running back position. They get paid and they start having bad years. He got paid and still bu yeah and like you to see like you said the run back is still serviceable. See him and Derrick Henry, you know what I'm saying? We post, you started showing love bro so cold. That Saquon Barkley got that, that backwards jump hurdle he had. It's in Madden now. Yeah I seen that. Yeah I ain't, I ain't played Madden a little bit but I seen that. That's far just for you to have that type of impact with where you gotta change moves in the video game bro. You know you out here killing for sure man. Yeah shout to the Eagles also. Your boy Bryce Hum man he did all right yesterday. They took it l yesterday on last second field Up to the Chiefs because you know the Chiefs don't lose anybody but haw look good yesterday man. 2 63 1 TD Man. He are, he just in a bad city man. He in a bad city.


Great city. Bad team. Well yeah the organization man. He shout, shout, shout up to North Carolina man. Come on man. You know we love us with Charlie man. Pat Mahomes do, he does Best. 2 69 3 Tuts. The Cowboys surprisingly beat the commanders yesterday. 34, 26 commander. They smoked it. You know what man listen we know he's gonna get the MVP but Daniels, but the sad part is I think we get to a point to where teams are getting film on him 'cause they don't smoke. The last three games they saw really, really hot but they, they turned it downward at the wrong time. Especially with the Eagles that center in that division Now it's gonna be hard to get a wild card in the NFC this year. I think they smoking their chances. But look at the Cowboys winning the game. Proud of y'all for once Dolphins took care of the Patriots yesterday 34 15.


Your man's two four tds yesterday. Two are back. Man they, they was hating on us. I see you because bounce back bro. He, you know I thought he died but it is what it is. Both of 'em still trash. I die about this shit. That's how he played. Straight up y'all. Y'all crash. Quit calling me tot matter of fact calling me 'cause we balling right now. Now you to a T. Yeah so we talking about the balling right now to a Teague and Orlando Brown. Who? Who come to Thanksgiving? That's my cousin. For real though. Okay. Orlando my bad. I talked to him the other day. This a side note but he had called me talking about Lil Wayne and, and Kendrick. Yeah. He was like bro I don't want to hear no how to love, you feel me. S and he started doing all that cus you feel me?


I was like yeah I feel you. Cus was this a regular call or FaceTime? It was FaceTime on some real shit. I just wanna know like what smut you, you gonna put that on Papa Teague or Mama Teague? Who? Who is, how are you related? Well he's a cousin of a cousin. So my whose side? So it's somebody's cousin. My on my mama's side. I don? No, her sister had got married to this one of the Browns and then he that happened. Respect? Yeah. So I'm sorry Mamat, you, your son is out pocket. It is my what you call that when he ain't your real uncle? Uncle by marriage? Yeah, he my uncle by marriage. So he my cousin by marriage the 45 about does mama know who our Orlando LeBron is?


Because if she makes Yeah, she be laughing all the time. Like cousin suits Look at his suit said why cousin got a T song in the interview. I was like I don know. Shout out to shout to your family man. Thanksgiving all way. I can't wait to see those pictures man. I called him, asked if he was gonna pull up. He said he gonna make it to and damn that's who we needed at the sneaker gala ain't too late. It's bro, he booked him busy. Now the prices up kind Ford Orlando shout to Orlando Brown. Man that's crazy. Tyson care of Texan yesterday. 32 to 27 some slight the Lions beat the sleeves off the coach yesterday 24 to six. The tights beat the Texans. Yeah. What we doing out there? They they they on CJ stra ass in the comments. They was like yeah all them podcasts, all they off season stuff. You talking you don't look like the same person as last year.


I mean are they not allowed to have a normal life outside of the workplace though? Nope. No you ain't like that. I'm just saying. Well you don't got black forces on what people say to you. He ain't living his raps. Mm They say I respect I'm asking Y no I'm asking That's a genuine question though for real. Like nah does that, does that affect y'all think they really affects their game? I think at some point the repercussions of having like social media or not social media but having these different platforms they're using and you're not producing, they gonna start to take that away from players at some point. I can see that being an argument because a lot of people are like, all right bro, if you out here talking all the time, you better get out here and kill in the moment you don't kill bro. We on your ass about it. Look how they do it with PG and them like they ain't gonna take that away bro.


That's, it's a form of expression bro. You can just, it might be therapy for pg. I get on here and talk to my guys about how sad we are. I 100% agree with that. I I could just see the leagues like alright this is too distracting at some point. 'cause like you said, it is different when you have some of the season players do it who've already accomplished how to handle themselves when they start getting some of these younger players who some things may happen on the platforms, they feel like all your attention should be the playing right now not talking about it. They gonna feel ways about it now you're not right at all and I don't think they can take it away but they'll try their best to, you know what I'm saying, apply pressure for this situation. They might start piss stuff in contracts. Yeah that's what I'm saying. You can't talk and you know speak on the cols or whatever team is, they're like yeah you can do a podcast but you can't talk about your particular sport.


Like say CJ str all cool bro. Don't be talking about NFL. You go talk about basketball all you want to in the off season bro. Yeah, yeah. None of that. No I guess that'd be interesting. That'd be jokes for sure because I talk about the NFL in another way like we do. Yeah you know that one league I'll just make all them some. Yeah you can get around that real quick if you want to bad enough. You know how we talk with the hoop sessions, you know what I'm saying? Slip the screen. Yeah you know you know the Vikings secretary of the Bears yesterday in OT 30 27. They looking like they still on track to do some noise in the NFC Bronco secure of the Raiders yesterday 29 19. I like Bo Bo. Yeah Bo n all he all right man. Packers took care of the 49 ERs yesterday.


38 to 10. You know we rebuild. I forgot who yo we is the Packers are the four nine ERs. Four nine ERs. My father rebuild. I forgot who Yo we is. Its crazy bro. Yeah I'm a 49 ERs fan since, you know, since since legit came. It came at my boy Nick. I I be forgetting his N NFL team. I I the nba I be forgetting. Nah bro, I, I 49ers. He's a legit Oh my god. Know what I mean? Respect King. Respect my bad. Send my boy Joe Mont damn man. Get well soon. Nighters they got a lot going on man. Listen in the NBA world Celsius took care of the T wolves yesterday. They look they 14 to three right now. Looking good. The wolves is 508 and eight.


Listen man, what do the wolves need to do to get back on track? Be here your early, your team you picked to go far this year. Keep playing. We good. We good bro. Eight and eight is smooth. I mean they ain't got no choice but to keep playing. Nah, nah I'm talking about like keep trying to figure it out bro. Duh. They got games to play. I'm saying like just keep showing Up to work. Nah. Yeah don't be funniest boy. I'm saying don't think too much about it Uber. You don't think they chemistry off though. They be having too many highs and then a whole bunch of lows. It's like yeah because they still trying to figure it out. They 500 so exactly what they do but they trying to figure it out bro. But Dous Randall looking out Rudy like he still at the post as he should now look him off every time Now here Rudy For real on some real shit as the worst post work in the league.


Who? Who? His feet remind you. Like for real? For real? Yeah. Jave McGee In the beginning. In the beginning. A young jve. Yeah I say Rudy can't catch and Rudy you ain't never seen Rudy hit. Nobody would know Hakeem like move ever bro. You know what I'm trying. So you said, you said Rudy bad work on zero. Oh facts. Facts. Build trash defense Immaculate bro. What's his 2K bill? Sean Bradley? I ain't bullshitting bro. He ain't worth for damn so I if you call, if you calling him off bro we not mad at you bro. Get get the wings right man.


Y'all doing get Nas get some get some work with Nas reading them bro. Do not pass Rudy go burn the ball bro. Hey what made it funny? Rudy liked the sad nigga on the team like bro only reason why you touched the ball is on some put backs bro. Did you get that bitch off the glass? Go back up. You coming out the game if you don't go back up that's your only time bro. Rudy is not in no offensive packages at all bro. He don't got no plays. No bro. Nah. Hey what making it funny is he got mad and like he pounded and then they got the three seconds caught. Hey he was like what the fuck? Get your sad ass out the pain bro. You trash bro. A a be trying to be humble bro. But no you gotta cuss him to filth bro.


For real. Hey what's so crazy is Rico bigger has so much hate and he ain't this shit to nobody. Nah but ever since that Covid picture bro everybody's just all in on hating Rudy. Nah that's sad shit bro. You seven foot, you taking defensive players away from niggas that deserve it. Yo, your playoff defense is trash bro. Like you just, he lame bro. Lame lame bro. Shaq Hendricks pulled Up to work the tank. Damn. I thought I be going in. Nah bro. Nigga lame bro. I don't fuck with niggas like bro what I, what I'm, what I'm happy to see though is Rod Di hell got a chance to play. Mike is out. Dante took the star in two guard position. AE was running Point I guess and Dante's having a tough year but Don Rob came off the bench man what, 16, 17 minutes?


Yeah about 14 shot the ball well looking confident too. Yeah they gonna have to find some minutes for him. Yeah they might have to pull like out Jerry McCain deal for the six. Yeah they gonna have to find some minutes for him for sure man because he capable obviously if you can get 14 points or 16 minutes you was scoring throw off the bench and they need that now. I was gonna ask you, we looked at the Bleacher report Trey evaluations last weekend. You know Nick's got an A for ka? Yeah man listen they were eager to get on from him. I know money was played in the aspect but do you think they miss KA right now? Oh definitely. Oh hell yeah. Yeah they had chemistry with that group. Yeah like everything was blended good. Like I told you a e needs to lane to be open Now not saying that JR can't shoot but he not Kat.


Yeah like Kat obviously Kat is way better than Julius Randall. It's not even close. Yeah, like especially on the perimeter. Yeah so for sure. So I mean speaking of clogging Elaine and all that stuff, it's Rudy's fault you first of all, if you getting a three second call and you 30 years old, you sad bro. Niggas ain't supposed to be getting three second call bro. The NBA bro, he wanted the ball not your position bro. Sometimes you gotta demand the ball and then like they don't give it to you like all right I'm about to prove a point. No set this screen bro. And roll. Rudy even rolled the wrong way bro. We can't do nothing with this nigga. We got a plane 'cause we paying aint good on the defensive end bro.


You Draymond and Shaq bro. Don't worry about them niggas Rudy come to Pike. Shit take show to pick off. Yeah. Alright let's move on for Rudy can slide on this real, they they got the Celtics, you know what I'm saying? It's got the best T on the league right now. Do y agree with that right now They got the best team in the league. Yeah and you know what shout out to to Derrick White. I'm nothing bro. Drew Holiday is the three I'm asleep on Derrick White being the three Overdrew Derrick White you hooping though. I think he a killer but I I'm giving it to Drew. Yeah 18. I think the stats is why they put him in the three so far because he is got, I mean Drew obviously is Drew but it's from an offensive snip that he averaged at 18.


Yeah he hoop. Oh okay. They doing it. How much is Drew Average off hand? Probably 11 I guess say probably may be a little bit. Yeah so 12. So that's why they put him in that situation because I, I guarantee if it was the other way around Drew Holiday he'd be there. I just think he more important but he definitely the most important player on the Celtics though. I agree. Hell X factor. Yeah so, so I'm not mad at this list though. What trio do y'all like better? The OKC Trio or the Denver Trio? Oh the Denver Trio. Yoki Murray and Gordon. You know I'm running with D guys Gimme okc. Yeah I'm with D Young guys now and yeah that's kind of weird too for them. 'cause I, I was gonna say you could s squash out NPJ for Aaron Gordon but Aaron Gordon did a little bit more to get that chipped and NPJ did.


So I ain't mad at that being a trio but the young boys is killing. I can't wait to check it back. See it's crazy that that stay it's still early, you know what I mean? But I'm like damn like and he ain't played yet but Chris Middleton Giannis for the Bucks. Dame's little big three right there. Who else is ain't been playing well this year. I can't think of another team that got a hard trio. You can say the Knick Phoenix too though. Phoenix got a trio. Phoenix definitely has one so I sleeping on that little. Yeah I thought Nick I got it. They got it though. ESPN always wild. What the nick TI mean you gotta go brush and cat and probably og. Yeah I'm asleep.


Damn. Bridges ain't make y'all cut. He ain't make his cut. I he don't make big three. He'll get there. Bridges probably need a good shot. I wonder if he got a girl probably six Shot was supposed to have a big three man that was supposed to Oh that'd been fire. And it was crazy. They only played like six minutes together since they've all been in a team. But we can get to it right now. They got smacked by the Clippers. 1 25 99. They got booed at the crib man they three at 13 right now. Well shit starting is Darryl Murray's job in Jeopardy man, they all been hurt. I don't think so. They all been hurt. Yeah, that's that's man I ain't gonna lie JR McCain don't give a damn. He shoot the most shots every game. And who gonna say something about it? That's why I like it.


Tyree Maxey oughta been like, nigga sit the fuck down. I mean he, he ain't like he shot or attempts. He told him to sit the fuck down the press conference, thought a nigga was gonna start dancing. Hey I can't wait to hear that. I told y'all Tyree Maxey is out of pocket. He gotta be the OG of the team bro. Same age bro. I told y'all he established a law order on that team is out of pocket bro, you on the max bro. Speak your mind. That girl said yeah we locked in now I can do what I want. The fact that he checking the beat, he's like hey bro, maybe you should just stop showing up late to like everything is crazy. Nah, he just, he just keeping it real though. PG on this podcast talking about it. Y'all said, you know, y'all saying speak your mind or shut up man. They got so much therapy for a three win team bro.


Like enough just go win a game bro. Yeah, shut up and dribble. No I, that's a wild quote. I was about to say something. Shut up and dribble as funny as hell. Real, she got 'cause literally slaughter for that shit. Yeah she, she care about the wrong person played that one alone. She was tripping. Get well soon. We should be a permanent get well soon bro. No, most definitely. No shut up and dribble bro. Go get some dubs bro. We tired of hearing y'all talk about what y'all going to do bro. Just go get a win bro. Enough is going on bro.


The ember's NBA cup is here and you can win big. Getting in on action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split in the six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in a single elimination in season. Turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the drafting sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the drafting sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right. Club five 20 CLUB five two oh and BET $5 to get $200 and bonus bets. All the on DraftKings. The crown is yours


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University. You're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit join signals.com today.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Sign up for Greenlight today@greenlight.com slash Iheart.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now that the holiday shopping season is in full swing, my PayPal debit card's a real MVP. I'm out here stacking deals on deals and with this card I'm maximizing every purchase. That's why I'm calling Black Friday stack Friday. One of my favorite ways to rack up cash back tech. Love it between holiday shopping and grab-able gifts. I'm shopping for tech more than ever are you? I am with family and friends visiting those gifts pile up fast thanks to 5% cash back. I'm earning every time I shop for tech. Here's the best part. Each month I get to pick my cash back category and earn 5% on Up to a thousand dollars in purchases. So for me, tech is a no brainer. Whether it's gifts for my family, latest products to add to my collection, I'm stacking up those deals. So this Black Friday, turn it into Stack Friday, 5% cash back on a category of your choice. Health, groceries, beauty, apparel, and just for this holiday season tech don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit supply C terms at PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's. Who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies. Which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from to Amazon Books. That reading feeling awaits.


Are y'all impressed with the Clippers? Listen Man, I gotta show some love. James Harden bro, they 11 to seven. They fifth in the, in the west right now without Kauai Centile is is, you know what I'm saying? They put up their post that was just like, well Kauai has officially qualified for no NBA awards this season because he missed the amount of games that you can to be. It's funny as hell 'cause we didn't expect Kaw to be gonna the entire year and James Hart got them fifth in the East. I mean West, excuse me. Oh he gonna be out the whole year bro. We not gonna see Quad play basketball. I think Cooper retire. You think so? I mean, shit, I mean you you gonna sit up. Yeah, if he returned though And they on this pace too, they, they'll be solid in the west. I ain't putting in saying they gonna win in nothing but for James Harden to be averaging 21 9 and seven leading the team and they not like that.


And Norman Powell doing what he doing to help. Yeah. Peasy and ain't won without Norman. He ain't play yesterday. Yeah. So listen man, he been helping keeping him afloat though. What He averaging like 20 this year over Norman Powell? Yeah. Nah, three was like 20, 24. Oh damn. Wow. He killing then he be a Allstar. He put that motherfucker up? Yeah. Okay. He said he, what'd he say about pg? Nah, additional box attraction bro. Yeah, there you go. So you gotta give him, so who gets the nod on that team if it's up for Allstar, if it's between James Har and Power Jack. Tar James Star Power for sure. Yeah, James. Damn he damn near what's that most improved player? 28 and seven. Who? MP nor Rappel? Yeah. He'll probably get that the way he playing for sure. Wow. But you know as far, if KW does come back, say he takes his time, he comes back after the first of the year.


If he just starts playing for real for real February, March and get on for the playoffs. That's a dangerous team to deal with. Yeah James, I mean, excuse me, KW Leonard still cold. Especially in the playoffs. Yeah, I just don't know if he gonna come back. What is wrong with him? Me, I listen man they keep shit, you know Kaw ain't saying nothing. He's like I ain't at work. Don't ask me about work shit. You dunno? Yeah you want Chip bro? You want Chip in Toronto bro. Some real shit bro. I ain't, yeah, legend. I'm promise I'm not mad at you. Nah, I ain't need to do whatever you want. Shout to Qua still. They never Ronald win. They will not win another one. They won't come close. Not close bro. So you, you good forever. You stand bro.


That's so far the way he bounced. He was like all right I do what y'all asked me to do that leave me alone OO Leonard. Now I'm going to, now I'm going to LA be with my family, I'm going back home work life balance. I'd still be in Toronto. Dang. I would've asked for poor ownership. You just see all the stuff they was offering here in the business. And some people they were like bro you don't have to pay rent if you play for it. That's crazy. No rent bro. I would've been I shit high out there too. No rent is low. I mean even though you on the max why they got PJ Tucker? PJ Tucker still on Clippers? Yeah. Yes. Look at that money can free pj heard com. What was it complex? It was a complex con on the panel. Yeah you holler at him?


Nah, I didn't get a chance to holler at oh Worklife balance on Complex and the Stinks on NBA. Right. I been in the you crazy nigga. At what fire was he? He was, he signed his shooting the crowd like his flight 89. I was like that's far PJ ain't at work. Is still working. That's fine. Yeah that's hard. Hey man your bucks man. Fear the deer back. I told you how we rocking four straight man. What's the biggest difference you think man they finishing games like they winning those close games at the end that they weren't winning before early in the season. But that's just coming from some veteran leadership. You can tell Dame and Yana starting to get on the same page a little bit. Yeah they both getting 35 30 but then some of those veteran guys on the wing, they starting to step up a little bit.


Play a little better. Bobby Porter is starting to getting in his groove a little but I think Doc like took a step back and was like fuck it, y'all gotta figure it out. They been figuring it out. Hey man they put Dr. Rivers on the lethal shooter. Me, I understand it now. Yeah on God. I I, I I caught some of his stuff on Lethal Shooter. I think he might have blocked me now. I unblock him but I still can't see. But it's all, it's all good. Ain't show love to the PO man. I understand it now. Lethal. I don't care what they say. You invited on this show bro. I'm not. Nah he definitely invited because I need to understand. I need to understand and we know what we need to do y'all because you know how he be like all the rappers and stuff Pull Up to the gym with him bro.


We need to get that content nigga. He ain't about to. I I'll shoot Letha. Oh now that's why we need the content bro. I got, I got because he don't miss, I gotta see if it's real or not. Pull. Yeah that's but I gotta see that's crazy but I gotta see if he really shooting like that, I need to know no catfish. No and I need to see the gummy bear shit like Yeah, yeah we, we need. Yeah Mike set that up gang because people say he pull from half court with Freaky mike in the gummy bear challenge. Yeah. Nah that's a different, that's a photo shoot we talking about. Who? That's the pack shoot we need the court. But that'd be dope to see you shoot against him bro. Nah for sure we got something out bro. I'd be shitty if he y shot me. Well motherfucker that's how he do every day is shit.


He do that. I'm about to say he do that for a living though. Yeah James. I put oh if money's so I put Andrew James in there, he's gonna be everybody no matter what hell I put I put shoot from the NBA tour. He would not step back. Nope. Yeah he ain't fucking with that. Yeah. Yeah but I think lethal, I'll put some bread on there de least put put you close to it because I think he'll think he'll dust you. You gonna put that on the crash out par later over under. You think he'd think he'll dust me and shoot, I think he and I I'll put some money that you'll be within a few shots. Yeah, he shoot all day. Yeah, he shoot all day all day now you gotta lock in. I don't never shoot so for sure I got something on that but he, I don't know if he can catch like I don't know if he can dribble and shoot though so it'd have to be a pull up.


He does that though. No I know he hooped. I know he can hoop. I'm saying like just can't do that with a nigga like me guarding no fuck going on. Oh okay. I'm just okay. I know you the one no one ones respect. Nah, shout to him though because that shit is entertaining though. Nah for sure. He go crazy man. Some I remember somebody showed me shooting a ball while I was on fire or something. Something was on fire. Yeah I like he nah he trying to kill to me. Put lethal in the black circus opening act. I met up 2K. You shot with him in a soul circuit. She outta pocket. Yeah that shit too. I still ain't beat him in a 2K gym.


They be whiling in that shit. He be hitting every shot like that's ka. Oh yeah he gonna clip this up. It's content for lethal. Hey but Chris Millen, he's been cleared man. It's on a process getting back to the team. Listen, like you said only takes a couple game wins streak the East to get back to it. How you think You see we do you think we'll see him by the end of the year or maybe Allstar? I'm thinking closer to Allstar but how you feel about the end of the year? I think after January beginning of the year I think we'll see him. Yeah if he cleared the play probably need about a month. Get back into the whole December. Yeah he back January. Yeah man.


Last but not least if this team is, you know what I'm saying, hitting on full cylinders, are they a championship team or do they need another piece to be able to compete? I think they need another guy off the bench. Six man. Like Bobby Porter is a good six man but he a big, I think they need a dynamic guard off the bench. Like they need a Cam Thomas J. Jordan Clarkson, somebody like that off the bench. A Dennis Shroder somebody that can get something going. That's a, that's a good player I think. Yeah, that's a good pick for sure. I wouldn't be mad to see one of them off there. Sure man, listen, end of the day I, I'll talk a lot of shit about the Bucks. We had a good record against him last year but in the playoffs you're not really trying to see Giannis and you definitely don't wanna see Dame not a healthy Damon. A healthy Yeah and we didn't get to see that last year because they were, he they weren't healthy. Yeah.


Yeah people don't really want that smoke. You gotta beat them in the seven game series. It could get ugly for sure. Speaking another great playoff team ma. I mean he took care of the match yesterday and OT won 23 to one 18. Jimmy been averaging 32 since he's been back. You know can Jimmy put the team on his back again to have a D playoff run A healthy Jimmy Butler is like having LeBron MM like he can take over the game in so many ways defensively obviously he can score with the best of them but when he playing for something Jimmy Code like right now he playing for a contract. Yes sir. He want the max. We all know that. So he going to go out here and produce and right now he kill him. Dang. He's probably the hardest working NBA player ever bro.


For real. Jimmy Butler in college was not Jimmy Buter now. Hell no. His transitioning basketball as a pro bro. I don't know it is he a dog bro. I swear like his game translated so much in the NBA bro. Them off season workouts really paid off because he a scorer now and he can shoot and closer. I've never seen like somebody take like our team when we was in Minnesota when he was on the team and when he wasn't like how good we were to how bad we were when he was out. It was crazy. I was like damn we got this many good players on our team. We had Jamal Crawford, myself, Taj Kat Wig, we got NBA All Stars.


We went from the number three in the west to diner out the playoff race because Jimmy left. I was like damn. And he came back, we going four game run streak. I'm like damn bro. Like you did good. It was gold bro. And what make it so crazy is if you look at all the teams that he's departed from Immediate dropoffs from every single team. Yeah. Oh yeah man Philly, we talk about all the mistakes they made not getting, not keeping Jimmy was one of the biggest mistakes they made man. Yeah they ruined they franchise like that run they had, they had an opportunity to win it to the chip not keeping Jimmy was that run like that run was over with? Was JJ ready on 19? Yeah one year. Yeah they talked about it. They did the pod together. Yeah that was a fire scene. But think about it, Jimmy went to the finals, was man the one though He was Jimmy would've been outta there though.


They wouldn't have had been worried about keeping him. He would the force hand a pot there. He know that's a shit show. But he wanted to go back. Yeah, I was gonna say that that money situation, he wanted to be there. But then when he realized, all right y'all ain't on this, I'm about to make my way. He wanted to be in Minnesota, he just wanted the money. We was on a run. That's why he was moving because of paper. Oh okay. Yeah he said he wanted to that your cat got paid, he wanted the money. He was like, y'all pay me too. All they had to do was pay shit. Fuck it. It was like it ain't your time to get paid. Yeah, I mean but that's the best year that y'all had in 14 years. I proved it. Wow. I didn't know that. Yeah. Yeah. Ain't nobody make no moves there since what? Since KG left. So at that point, come on man.


Hey the man with the Mavs nine or eight Luca out missing some more games with an injury. You know what I'm saying? Do y'all expect them to have the same postseason success for this team or they gonna take a dip? I don know bro that I, they play too many games for me. I say this every week bro. Niggas is 18 games here, y'all. I, I can't say who gonna go to the finals. Luca gotta be there. Yeah, that team is built around Luca. So like if you look at their roster now without Luca, they damn near look sad. I ain't even being funny like Kyrie, that team not built for Kyrie. Yeah. Like and I'm not expecting Kyrie this lady his career to be the person who has to carry a team. Yeah. And I mean he can, he more than capable of averaging 40 for a a stretch.


But if you look how a team is built, it's built around Luca. Like you can't expect Clay to average 20. That's not Clay no more. You know he is a 14 to 15 point kind of guy. PJ Washington, a 14, 15 point guy. He can have big knights. Derek Lively used to catching lives. He's a 12 point guy. Then you got gaffer, same thing. Hardy off the bench can get you 10, 12. Yeah. They don't really got, everybody's geared around Luca making plays for them. And when Luca not there, you looking for Kyrie's in score mode. Like I get buckets but now he not facilitator. Yeah. Now he gotta start facilitating and who gonna get the buckets in because they ain't really got no other bucket getter like that.


Yeah, no straight up. Yeah. You know what I mean? So, and especially like you said, if you, if Kyrie got a score, you can't ask Kyrie to go get 35 and get 1520 like it's gonna be one or the other at this stage of his career, that's lot to ask. But while Luca is out, how would you coach him though? I mean you gotta hope that you, you signed Spencer Denwoody because he was a capable playmaker. He got buckets previously playing for them, but he hasn't been performing at all. But he is been bad. Yeah. And I mean it's probably comes from not playing a lot, I mean not getting a lot of tick. And now when Luca out you start upping your minutes a little bit so you just probably gotta catch a rhythm. But you probably expect somebody like Spencer Denwoody to step up and help Kyrie Yeah.


Carry that scoring load or Hardy too. Like see you gotta get some, yeah, you got some buckets up. You got Paige how to produce for show? Yeah, listen man, the last time we had this show we had a little bit of fun with Cooper Flag B. Oh yeah, I put put this on the list all I mean shit, all motherfuckers I was wrong. All right. You know I'm, I'm quiet God damn. You know I can't, I can't call y'all dick eaters on the show. Michael bleep it out. But y'all some dick eaters said it twice makes it funnier. I'm just saying bro. Like, and bro, stand down on this shit. We had, like I said, we had these debates, it's cool, but for y'all to be in my dms telling me that his argument is sounded so good that it make it believable that you don't do your own research as a grown ass man.


It is crazy. That's my only beef. All right. I was wrong. Like shout out to the tea fans, you know what I mean? I love y'all. Y'all can hate me. It's cool, but don't write me no dumb shit like that. Y'all, I was wrong. He, he, he, he he's of age the boy only 17. I already, the Duke people rolled me and told me the boy don't turn 18 till he still ain't 18. All right. I was wrong. I I I messed that one. Any killing in college. I messed that one up. All right, listen, there's a much better version of this conversation on the podcast today. Drops a new please tap into that part. I messed up. All right. But I was very passionate about his skillset. Yeah, I respect that bro. I respect that. I've seen it before. But he do shoot, he, he, I watched this game, he got a little more skill to smooth so I'm gonna have to change my, he more like I seen people saying Harrison Barnes and that he remind me of Harrison Barnes.


Yeah, just a little bit more athletic bro. That's all. Yeah, they, they was like ahead t they put the jay billers draft night comparisons Up to I ain't seen that. My comparison. No, that said that's, they said that's what you was on. Oh used to had a random comparison to your draft. Yeah t on that I would caught you t billers man. I was say I gonna say Harrison Barnes, he is closer to Harrison Barnes than he is Josh Smith. Respect man, you can't win 'em all. Gangster but his, I ain't gonna lie, he is athletic as hell though. Told you bro and he on the other side, like for him to have a pull up jumper and he crashes the boards at a all time. Yeah, that's why I told you on that side definitely like smooth. But bro, he got a really great mid range jump.


He really keeping horn. It's kind of funny like not even being funny but Keith Van Horn was like that Keith Horn was called. He was bro. But I just, I want you to find somebody who's a little bit more athletic bro. Keith Van Horn and Sam Perkins got the same athleticism. Nah, Keith Van Horn. Keith was athletic before he got, I'm talking about New Jersey then. Hey and he was one of the cot on NBAL. Yeah. Keith van Ho with you. That's who j got his jersey from. He was 44. That's hor. He lying. He lying. Yo. He putting smart on my name. My sounds are coup though. Y'all crazy. Be a couple games tonight. See how y'all feeling Monday night football. We got the Ravens at Chargers. Ravens going with the Ravens.


Yeah. Fresh off of loss last week. They gonna bounce back. I'm gonna take the chargers.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s hsu.edu today to get started.


Introduce


introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro, make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now that the holiday shopping season is in full swing, my PayPal debit card's a real MVP. I'm out here stacking deals on deals and with this card I'm maximizing every purchase. That's why I'm calling Black Friday stack Friday. One of my favorite ways to rack up cash back tech love it between holiday shopping and grab-able gifts. I'm shopping for tech more than ever are you? I am with family and friends visiting those gifts pile up fast thanks to 5% cash back. I'm earning every time I shop for tech. Here's the best part. Each month I get to pick my cash back category and earn 5% on Up to a thousand dollars in purchases. So for me, tech is a no-brainer. Whether it's gifts from my family, latest products to add to my collection, I'm stacking up those deals. So this Black Friday, turn it into Stack Friday, 5% cash back on a category of your choice. Health, groceries, beauty, apparel, and just for this holiday season tech don't just pay PayPal terms And limit supply C terms at PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's, who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies. Which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from ha ha to to Amazon books. That reading Feeling awaits


the Ai upscaling on the new Samsung. Neo QLED and Ole TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from, it'll look groovy baby. It instantly sos up. Whatever you're watching since super high quality, you dig. And no matter how fast your sports are booking it, it won't look bogus with lag or blur. We're talking popping color and contrast on a glar free ole. So your OG content looks fly day or night. And these processors on the neo QLED eight K are awesome sauce. They upscale every detail you're watching to look super sweet. Draw. Are you pumped to see what happens when all your content gets brought into the future Uhoh? Maybe that's too far into the future. Yeah, That's better. Welcome to a new era of Samsung ai tv. Discover more@samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


For sure. We got the magic at the hornets I. Don't know we gotta talk about La Melo too. We ain't really tap in like nah, we listen man. Lalo ball playing basketball the right way. Going fucking crazy right now. I'm gonna take the magic though, friends Wagner. You my dog. But it is crazy how the one day I put money on you, you decided not to do anything and every other night you've been getting 30. I'm I'm gonna spend a block bro. Please fulfill my parlay bro. Don't, don't play in my face again. You got fries for 30 tonight. I'm, I'm gonna take 25 plus for sure. I respect respect, I respect it. Nah, I'm going with the Hornets. They had, they had the crib. Man, the ball playing great basketball right now, man. Yeah, definitely is 50 piece. That's crazy.


I'm I'm gonna rock out with the Hornets today man. For sure. Raptors at Pistons. Pistons, yeah. gd good 30 bro. Yeah, this is definitely the first game of the Tuby Classic today for sure. Tuby Game of the week. Well, yeah. I'm I'm gonna rock out with the, with the Raptors for show Pelicans at pace of all PE Pelicans. No, this is the two B game of the week. I apologize. Pistons. Oh, this game is not Tbo. This is varsity. This game is not tbo. Yeah it is. This is varsity. Nah this is, this is live on, this is is live on X black planet with the DJ at halftime. This is right. This is, this is right after the OT e game.


Right after the T game scrimmage. I had Jamie played We half time that's us we're the halftime of an TE game. Oh my God. I'll give anybody a thousand dollars if you could tell me everybody in the Pelican starting five right now. You can't. I can't. I can tell you who started. Hey you can't. He gotta run that band. Go crazy to you Devonte. He gotta run that band. That's one. Brandon Ingram is he yard out Boston? He gotta run that band. Devante. He heard out Ingram played. No, I'm saying is he started tonight? I mean I can't say who they started. I have thought been recently started. Nah, I hit nah not recently. They got, I last they last day. They can't go off last week. Yeah, they start jta Woo.


They start Boston. They start Gram Brenda Boston did start. I, I know what lineup you're about to name 'cause we seen that one together. You got Throw Tre in there? Tre who? Uhuh. Nah, Murphy and he out. Yeah, it's the whole reason why I said it as a joke is because they are dealing with the most injuries like the Gris last year. I'm just trying to think who they for. Nah, hold on. Who's they? Bigs e He Missy? Yeah, they, I can't say his name. I ain't gonna lie. It's over. That's the pill rock right there. Yeah. Yeah. Trey start Trey. What's his last name? I can't see that for Trey Murphy. He out. Oh bro. Jimon, he was starting for them.


Oh okay. My I thought you talking about Trey Murphy. My bad. Nah, hell nah. Big big do. Yeah with the nigga with the jump shot. Yeah B out this nigga. Ooh it's that line. Crazy. Yeah. Nigga Shade. I'm sha I say that to say GI us some pelicans. Zion, he went viral for the wrong reasons again, they talking about his tattoo. Why is he getting tady what he is? He got a a big ass back tattoo and everybody saying damn this tattoo is trash and you fat. They just being mean Zion bro. They don't look at trash step. Nah, he got a full pause back tattoo he got that would've got a trash step boy Cent tail would've went Christ. He got like a lion or something. What's that movie said that nigga built like Mark Henry.


Damn, what's that movie playing out? Is that a Panther? Say hey bro. Damn saying that's a Panther, a Black Panther. What is that? What is that? Well he's a demon. It is very fitting. The Dallas Demon. She had a son. Y'all with a pill on it. He had the Roman. What, what is that bro? What? What is that? I don dunno. It's some type of face though. All those fire ass people getting put to sleep and getting on fire tattoos. That's what you got. Hey, that's crazy that they do that too. That's nasty work. Hey, they are turning. I Williamson out. Somebody said that was Mariah Mills. That's out of pocket. Man. These, well my boy get a different type of shot out there in the NBA.


His NBA journey is wicked. That's who need to go to. Dallas m make the train. Well he need to go to Charlotte this time. Him go to North Carolina because no, he can't go back to the home. A TL might be too much. No, but you see he wants to get to the Knicks. CAA stopped representing him too. It was just a little bit to read into. Which is crazy. They don't happen too much. 'cause you know Zion get paid. So I wonder what that's all about. Zion wanna go to the Knicks. Yeah, they, they've been can't afford him. They been alluding that's where he wanted to be all on like he was nothing. Hell no. They can't afford him. Nah, he would be getting killed if he was in New York auto games. He'd be missing. Yeah. And he'll laugh and not give a damn that or really piss him off 'cause he just go by his day. It a what?


Oh he got an anime back tap. I ain't tapped in. Only anime I ever seen was on there. Respect math at Ho. Ike put his hands on. That's the only one I know about. Nah, y'all childish. I'm just an bull I. don I don be tapped into cartoons. Just anime. Yeah. Nah, this crazy. I'm just telling you out my journey. Hey, one day in the black community we gonna have a conversation about that movie and while we treat that movie like a comedy, then it is not May Bullock eat The Cake is crazy. Mavs at Hawks for sure. Mavs on. Man My Hawks. That Hawks might win though. I ain't no Cap.


Me and the we in the A with it. Yeah, take take the over on RI Tonight Clippers at Celtics Celtic. That's good game. That's gonna be a good game. That shit about be a blowout damn belt ass more. Yeah. Damn. I don't see that bro. I don't know. Yeah they got too many defenders for James. Hard. The Celtics is is what everybody asking. They on guard don't matter. They gonna keep switching. Mm. Every time he is running a pick and roll switch. Yeah, switch. Damn. Yeah I think they start four guards. They might start Jaylen Brown on him. Yeah, they gonna call up a pick and roll Jason Tatu be on him. Call up another one. Derrick White up. Then the last one Drew Hol they cheating bro. You not supposed to have that many good players on the wing like that bro.


And last mile least. Oh not last mile. Least got a couple more. My bad. Out of pocket blazers at Grizzlies. Yeah, I, I can't give a call on that one yo. I'm gonna keep it real. I'm gonna go Grizzly. Shout to Scotty keeping Jordan. He been killing. He been hooping man. He been killing Ja on the way back though. Yeah. Jordan's sons could never, what niggas doing heroin and cocaine and shit? What? They did something else. So shout out to you bro. And then you a strong, you a strong nigga bro. To know your mama be Wildling like that man. You go out and be a killer a dog. Yeah bro. Hey shout to him man. He been going crazy for Jordan Family can never bro shout out to you. Be out of pocket. Nick's at Nuggets. I'd be distraught if my mama was a flipper. I ain't gonna lie.


Nigga Be done what we got though. Oh man. Knicks at Nuggets Nuggets. Oh Man. Nuggets man this nigga talking. That's at Warriors. I'm about to get a Warriors to win on. Oh I was gonna say me in now. Look, I know I was ready to hate. Nah nah I was though. I mean they just beat the Kings though. They did take care of the Kings last night. Yeah but they are not the Warriors Warrior Thunder at Kings. I'm talking shit. I'm gonna go with Thunder speak speaking of Kings. I'll Be okay. That motherfucker tequila to kick his ass.


Y'all They asked us, they said do y'all drink In, The, Morning. I said damn. They said we be acting up bro. Here Real king. Okay. Yeah that was wild. Got some feats. Yeah, shout to Oh man get the mic out my face. Yo. Paul, shout to my guy d Aaron Fox man the Buzz lightener, You know his new shoe The first, the buzz lightener. So my nephew called him, he named him Buzz Lightyear whatever his name is, you know Twist.


I see the silver on the end of it. Yeah, these solid right here. These the Fox ones? Yeah. Yeah. I'm rocking with these. I appreciate the love. I'm an Under Armour athlete. They just assigned me to a deal. Okay. Wow. So I'm hype to be, you know with Under Armour they beat out Skechers Cross. Brandon is wild bro. Skecher never really approached me about the deal. They wanted to sign Joelle Under Armour did the right thing. Appreciate you still, that's not a, it's not a, it's not a bad hoop shoe. Nah, for sure. Them solid. It a bad hoop. They feel good too man. So yeah that's fine. You might need to make him some hot tops though. Do my ankles. He was something built like the shatter backboards.


This Nigga Hales throw we working on, we working on working on a design for me and my way. Maybe my body set up or whatever. But hey near Fox who did some hot tops out of pocket bro. He too know I'm talking about oh Two. Yeah Twos. That's what we need. What color is all that? All black. He said he was gonna make some hot tub for me so we gonna figure it out Now shout out to Dre for having his own shoe though. That's hard bro. Yeah, that's hard too. That's a crazy pair. Yeah they definitely nice though. They feel comfortable. It is crazy. Yours is better than Steph. Oh ain't No, I'm not saying, I'm not saying I'm, I think his shoe look better stiff. It does. Nah for real. I think that's why I said for them, for him to have his own subsidiary brand underneath somebody and still have the best shoe on the roster and the label.


That's fire. Yeah, he went crazy. Charlotte's the first one. Tough for not haying though, you know what I mean? Because I would've seen this and been like yeah that's gonna be the step three or whatever number he on and he nah you get at Fox, you know what I'm saying? So told Steph is forever Golden in my book for that all white Steph Curry. Oh yeah? Yeah. Y'all told me the price point on it. Yeah it bro you cool. I'm cool And Steph real too 'cause even when you look at the tough crowd Brandon J situation, he's so love and getting that line taken off man and supported as well. So hey shout to Steph man. You say what you want to about how they look but when it comes to putting people in position bro that's fire. I gotta show respect. That's hard man. Appreciate you for giving me that. You know, looking out bro. Yeah she some more up here too. Keep on your shoe dj.


Hey don't, don't worry. Don't worry about this y'all, y'all saw me nothing. No respect. We got some other owe. We respect you crazy man. A lot of good hoops over crazy people really don't think I got signed. Underarmour. Underarmour gonna be like fact check. We did. Underarmour gonna write the statement we did not sign Jeff to That's all right. We would not disrespect our feet. That's crazy. That would be so lucky to have you bro. Appreciate it. Three five buckets man. Who was getting to it over the weekend? I'm gonna give it to Cam. Okay, last night Cam, you know Lalo my guy but I'm gonna give it to Cam 34 and six. He back into it. He had a couple games where he slumped off a little bit but thanks that shout back.


Right. So we good. Did he plays it way back on the parlay Paul. That's crazy. I got, I remixing how I talk about hooping 'cause these niggas are childish hoop the real verified buckets. That's crazy. He back in the parlay now. He did He showing up? Yeah. Yeah he back. He back. He back. Show who you got ta. I'm going with my dog Jimmy B he back back to back 30 point games. My boy hoop last night. 33, 9 and six. He one of them for sure. Listen man I gotta rock with the young boy. You know how I feel about the hornets of Lolo Ball man made history. The youngest ever scored 50 and 10 in the game man. He was going crazy that game against the Bucks. And especially if you look how that game went. What he did in the second half of that game alone is is crazy man.


We talked about him being one of the best guards. Now it's it's solidified at this point. Yeah. Especially the season. He having ain't too many players player better than the ball. Especially not pgs You said top five Gardner League? He is bro. Yeah he hey he might have solidified this run for sure. Yeah he going crazy man. Cha couldn't do nothing with my boy. We here now. Who? The top who the top five. Woo. We here top five guards. We here in no particular order. Let's throw names out there and then we can organize 'em from there. Obviously we here we got though. Got throw Lalo out. Lalo out there. pgs, pgs. Who? Everybody. Oh Steph obviously Steph out there. Is is Dame out there?


Absolutely. Dame is out there. Got it's D Fox out there? Hell yeah. The way he playing so far this season. Yeah D Fox is out there. I don know y'all. It's tough for me. Earlier. Earlier. Say you got names from Guards man we gotta I don know I like y'all list. Where y'all going so far? Jay Brunson, JB out there. I'm asleep. Delon Brunson top five me still. I mean the Knicks is winning games. He's killing and he's deferring. Yeah, if he wasn't deferring he would average 30. I'm gonna go Steph, Dion, Fox La just outta that five huh? Yeah he outta that five. Yeah I'm a but number one for me right now is gonna be Lil playing The best is probably Lalo D and Fox.


Them like my three I like the most. Steph is definitely in nerd playing world too. But Steph missed a couple games been out. Yeah. Thumb three. They been hoping. Yeah I just like the young killer so I'm gonna just take Melo. Yeah for sure man. Like you said man 50 is crazy and I have 10 assist with it. We had a conversation on the pod about that. His distribution bills. You getting 50 and 10 this easy? Well we just out of pocket for not mentioning Shay. SEA. Yeah. Is he the point? Yeah I told me he was, the YouTubers told me he was, he was a pg. I said he was a two guard yo. I thought Y violated me man. He could be point. That's fine. If we put SE in there, who we taking out? Because I Jalen Bronson, Jalen Bronson for sure. Okay, alright.


Yeah just for this year. Just for right now. For sure. Listen man, a lot of buckets but who needs some encouragement that Monday morning be here, get well soon. Van Fleet bro. Like I don't, like I said I feel like it was more than what like we saw but you can't do that to the refs bro. Crash out for sure. Yeah fuck them Rush tighten up. I get they outta pocket, you feel me? I don't like refs either but nah, one of ref call my mama a ho fuck him. Oh yeah. Oh Browns did? Yeah. Yeah he favorite player. He said who? Them hoes sitting over there. I forgot about that bro. I still one my favorite. I still want my favorite shit Tony Brothers. Nah for sure. That swing on Swing Brothers be hilarious. Celebr Dip Match. That's the type of smoke Van Flea had with Buddy though. Nah for sure.


I thought he like did him like this in his head with that. He tried to never been gangster. Hey did you see Mike Brown crash out yesterday on the ref too? That been night in the ref this weekend. He went crazy. I will pushed you in your head but I ain't think that was gangster is it? Y'all verse him though And then the NB Nah I mean shit. Nah, I'm talking about to the players that be crashing out like everybody. I mean don't when you see 'em in the off season you be like what up? You don't be thinking about it. Okay I yeah you know be at run. Everybody n Buff like when a ref, when something bad happened to a ref or you know somebody go through something the players still like damn that was my dog man.


Like probably only one probably Sky Foster. Nobody ever feels bad for Scott Foster. Hey Scott Foster gotta come out with a podcast 'cause I know he got some hate to tell about people. Oh man. When he come out with a podcast gonna be the best ever. Yeah bro, bro they gotta link up and do a podcast together. People hate him for sure. Yeah, no love loss for him or Chris Paul in that situation. Yeah. Oh listen, another great give well soon your man for the Nets man. One of your favorite players Ben Simmons man. Yeah man I, you know I got me something from Amazon, some you know resistant bands but what you get some resistance band for? Yeah. Why do you need resistance? Because I just got my Planet Fitness membership and they hopefully not the one on the east side.


They was tired of me filling up my book bag with them purple fruits. No no June. But yeah man I'm back in the gym. You back in the gym. I'm back in the gym with that one being I don Hammer too big for this one but being after seeing you crash out on them layups like that, you might need to resist that. You know what you get back in the form bro because this is what you need to focus on. I don't even know how you use this but you know like I told y'all, you bet might wear waist beads. This is a different type of form of kids probably don't stretch like this. So how you use these thing, what do you doing? So you back you back in the gym. How was you doing this one bro that stop you from missing layups?


You know we put that one behind. You know there some pushups with it. Little resistance on the pushups. But you back in the gym. Shout out to shout out to the game for help. You get right for the season. Yeah, I'm about to lose about 30 pounds though. I can't wear them purple Label just signed me and I can't wear them freaky old jeans. So Look what the deal make you do? Well you still playing with the band but hey well they, hey you know what you can do with this band though. For real. Oh my mama y'all. Nah nevermind. We got a deal. I can't say That Should but, but hey crazy.


Send it to me and it's gonna be wore out. Be loose. Johnson said I ain't know you could get, you can get anything on Amazon. You don't even gotta wait 'cause I be stalking my stuff in the mail. Like as soon as I press order I'll be like hey where my shit at? They pulling up next day with it. I'll put your Amazon, Amazon Prime only baby tap in. That's crazy that you could do that with Amazon. 'cause I ain't never seen a resistant band pop up that fast. Nah man, it's crazy. Hey last but not least. Hey man, get well soon for the 76 ERs. Man they got booed off their home court yesterday. They got smacked by the Clippers. Getting booed home is always bad but I feel like they already tired of this team and it ain't even been Thanksgiving yet man. Do y'all think Paul George gonna be able to take the criticism?


That's about to come his way though. I don't think that he even gotta deal with too much of it now. Nah mean well everything. If if he was just the only person not playing well it is a different conversation. Everything around the team is crumbling. We already asking to throw Morey jobs in in jeopardy. He good bro. And he been hurt too. We need an Amazon. I'm another player. Nah. Facts bro. Next day Air for the show. Yeah, a B him. Man listen, it's holiday week man. Turkey day on Thursday. People trying to wait some money for the relative man. I'm to. I need to lock in. We had a rough weekend, you know what I mean? I'm sorry. Somebody really wrote me. His girl is on the verge of leaving him, but I think that's your fault King bro.


Fuck with you though. Crash out parlay of the today. Today will be Lalo 25 points. RJ Barrett 20 points. Mm. Brandon Ingram will score 25. Trey Young's gonna get 30 on the Mavs. Jason Tatum, 25 Ferny Simon. No, Jason Tatum. I'm sorry. Put him for 30 phony. Simon is gonna have 25 yos to get $3,200 a day. We raising the stakes baby. It's holiday season. Crash out $77,345 for sure. One more time. 200 gets you. What again? Be here $77,345. Y'all. The crown is always yours king.


Listen, if you ain't hip to it, please tap in. Draft Kings use promo code Club five 20, get you a little something and start your holiday weekend. Best off right.


Well listen, we appreciate y'all tuning in. We got a great podcast episode dropping at noon today. Tap into Club five 20. We appreciate y'all. We'll see y'all tomorrow morning. Yeah, I gotta go coach. We gotta practice The. Volume


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah, because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms Apply.


Your teen requested a ride, but this time not from you. It's through their Uber teen account. You probably drive your teenager around a lot. They have gymnastics club science club rec, soccer club school, soccer club club, soccer club, and three hour clarinet Club on Saturday night. Perfect. Now with an Uber teen account, you can be there even when you can't. It's an Uber account that allows your teen to request a ride under your supervision. They ride with a highly rated driver and with live trip tracking, you can follow along the whole ride. Thank you. Add your team to your Uber account today. See app For details.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee so you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Brew two Shots of espresso. After Meta AI gets you caffeinated. You are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta, call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.