
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal, you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all yours with PayPal. Download the app. Now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring, Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez And I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors once again are NBA champions. Today. The Warrior's Dynasty remains a alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph Has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Rushmore. Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Monday's. Five 20 in the Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells full house. This morning we got Bishop in the building. Teague in the building. Five 20 Mook in the building. Fellas, good morning. How y'all doing? What's Happening? Chilling bro. What's happening? What up, what up? It's a good basketball weekend man. But first man and AELs situation. We talked about it on the pod dropping today at 12:00 PM tap in. But Mo did you see former Tennessee qb? He held him out at practice man saying if y'all ain't got what I want, I need a little bit more. I'm about the dough. So he is moving on from Tennessee. I wanted to ask both of y'all this from both sides of it, you guys being players and also being coaches in the situation. Now should we have more emphasis on the people or these agents out here?


'cause we see a lot of NIL voters now because this is a new avenue for 'em to get money but, and making kids make bad decisions. I'm not gonna say make but influencing 'em making bad decisions or quick money decisions. Should they be held more accountable in these situations? I mean yeah, but what can you really do to 'em? Mm It is up to the kid and the parents. I really don't see why they need an agent in the a negotiation in college. I mean you could make that choice on your own. You and your parents could work that out. I really don't see why they need a agent at that point. They just, like you said, getting a cut for no reason really Shit kind of in the league too. I mean sometimes the agent can help you in pro connect little dots but I really don't see the point in college bro. Yeah, it's to the point Now you got high school agencies for high school kids.


Yeah, I don't for what bro? What you need an agent for at high school bro. I mean to me I just feel like you got whatever you feel like is good enough for you. Well I think 2 million, I don't know this kid but I'm pretty sure 2 million. It's pretty enough money for him to be comfortable in school. But your reps to ask you for 4 million Now you lift out the dry, they moved on from you. I'm sure you gonna get another school. You are a quality quarterback. But like at some point it's like damn I do. I enjoy playing the game. Am I having fun with my teammates? Do I like being here or is it really about the money? Yeah Because what if you do that? You try to get the 4 million, they try to give you two. Now what if your, your number get lowered now What they like what?


Ain't nobody about to give you the money you want? We gonna give you two. But now since you ain't take that now we gonna give you, we gonna give you one now. You know what I'm saying? You might mess up your value if it don't work in your favor. Well that's what I said last week bro. All this shit is a joke man. Doing too much and it's fucking you up for the future. To me it can. Yeah, for sure. His NFL team is gonna look at you like man he's a diva. Yeah like we might not even want to deal with that. You gotta make sure you worth it if you gonna be doing all that bro. Yeah you better be LeBron James or whoever if you gonna be acting like that And these people, these reps and people are not gonna be here if you don't get drafted either. They moving on to the next kid For Sure. So interesting. Counterpoint to that though. I've been seeing they was just like well in this situation you look at all the last recent high picks in the draft and especially ones in the pros, they all transferred.


Look at the Joe Burrows of people like that. They all transferred. They was like hey it ain't wrong to move schools but Now you in the situation. What if another school just, hey on, you want to get you up out that conference? Oh yeah we gonna offer you this. Alright, nevermind. Yeah Backdoor you Now you ain't got nothing. Yeah. Yeah. That is a hell of a situation man. Hopefully it works out for the kid for sure. I'm just like to that point, I would rather just like if you comfortable at that school like just make the most at that school I think Joe Burrow and them they wasn't playing. Yeah, yeah. You Moving for a different reason because coach ain't fucking with me. I don't like this one Or it is a lot of competition in my position. Yeah. And I'm not being, I'm not moving up. Yeah. Yeah he was the guy. Yeah. You gotta keep it about the sport bro. Yeah Bro.


Like bro it is about the sport at the end of the day they making too much decisions off the money and Then you gotta be so good where it ain't even a question if they want to like we can't lose this kid. Yeah. Like you must not been that good where they was like okay well we not gonna give you four. Yeah we'll try something else. It's just looking like a money grab bro. And they gonna forget about you you Yeah Most definitely. Like you said the loyalty on both sides ain't there no more Because I guarantee you the wide receiver from Ogo, Ohio State. Yeah he gonna, when he walk in there and he is like, Hey coach man I think I might, I guarantee they gonna find that money. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Like you said keep the main thing. The main thing for sure. But speaking of somebody who made a great business move and college Paige Baker signed a three year deal with Unrivaled the three on three league that gave her some equity in the league as well.


Man she's going to make more money playing that league than she will as the number one pick. It slated for her to make about 80,000 as the number one pick. Potentially. She got equity in a nice bag man. Shout to her from making some smart moves. We talk about all the college kids all the time. She suffered a major injury in college to bounce back, won to Chip now she got a little bit of money in the league man I think that's gonna be the next thing for the W. Yeah, I mean this is basically their summer league so they can play ball all year round in the States. So that's cool man. I'm glad. Who, who's the girls that put it together? Girls from Breonna Stewart? Yeah, Breonna Stewart and the other light-skinned chick. My bad for not remembering your name but they put that league together.


Yeah. Defensive college. There we go. Yeah, they put that league there, league together and that's a smart move by them. It's quality basketball and now they getting some of the better players to play in it. All they need is Kaitlyn Clark now they can get her to play in it. That league gonna be, it's gonna be lit. It might be better than a WI like, like I said, I watched it bro. It was kept me, Kept me tuned in bro. They was hooping. Yeah and it has a different light to them if you get to see more of their personality and visual they get to like show their marketing skills off the court as well. I like it man. That's dope. And for her to get equity in that now. Yeah And you get to see they bag though like Yeah no offense to like the WNBA but like it is hard to watch girls 'cause they play so under control and so like they Play the right way.


Yeah. And you throw it into the post to see bigs get the ball bigs do they up and unders and stuff. And in the three on three league now the bigs get to go out there and dribble show they handles a little bit. They gotta be able to beat they man one-on-one. They not just setting ball screens the whole time and they get to see, you get to see like dang all these girls can hoop so they really color. Yeah like when I seen Angel Reese bringing up the ball and doing moves, I'm like the hell I ain't, I thought you just shot layups or whatever. So like to get to see that whole game and expand that game in that three on three league is pretty cool. Yeah it is more entertaining for sure. They putting That on TV or YouTube? Nah, I saw on it's on tv. Tv? Yeah It's on, it was on TNT. Damn. Yeah they allegedly the first year they grossed about 30 m's from a situation which is dope because like you said some of their biggest names in the W haven't even tapped in yet.


Yeah. So this league can definitely grow for sure man. But y'all to heard forgetting that. Yeah last turned at least man Iron Man team all NBA. We got a couple guys who play all 82 games which I think is crazy. We go through the list man you got Jerry Allen, Harrison Barnes, buddy Hill, Mikhail Bridges so never take a day off. He ain't never missed a game. Il Walker, Alexander, Jalen Green, Chris Paul, OG player. Oh damn year man turn up Malik Beasley Bub Carrington got Jalen Champagne the last but certain Alis, Jayden McDaniels. Man 82 games is crazy. You know it's not you get paid to play bro. Bro You show PTO bro Bro bro. Shit I hate that. I believe a work life balance bro. Bro Bro you hell you got an 82 game season shit play the 82 games bro.


I'm not celebrating these niggas bro. Like Nah bro. I'm taking Hate a nigga for going to work. Yeah. Whoever made this list can't celebrate a nigga for going to work. Right. Whoever made this list, you're a fucking loser bro. I mean it's tough to do though. It is. It's tough like staying healthy and all that healthy play. That's impressive 'cause you Ain't get hurt or nothing. That's what I'm more impressed with. Like they ain't roll out ankle or nothing like that. That's impressive. That's pretty impress. But if you Can play Yeah bro, It's crazy. And some of these dudes are starters. Yeah and play Like, like Chris Paul playing that long is impressive though. That's crazy. My like damn what's my boyfriend? The Knicks M Bridges like playing what, six, seven years straight. That's insane. He never rolled an ankle, thigh contusion. Nothing bro. Take Out bro. You deserve it bro.


You pay on the Knicks bro. T if you run him into the ground bro, he gets Paid a lot of money. If I could play every game I player every Yeah bro, he gets paid Bro. It is crazy that he never had an ankle sprain or nothing man. Shout Out to him how you feel about him subbing in the game, starting off getting a foul six Xs and then sum it out for rest of the game to keep it streak going. Yes, Keep on Streak alive bro. He acting like you the play History roll. Remember how I did it but they show that I did it. Yeah, that's crazy man. Hey keep my streak alive bro. That's far. Listen man, crazy, crazy game yesterday Clippers took care of the Warriors 1 24 to one 19. The ot, they clenched the five C, knocked the Warriors down to the seven.


Man they will take care with the Grizzlies on Tuesday but man this was a crazy game. Please tell me y'all watched this. Yeah, That's all. A little bit of it for sure. Yeah man. Insane game for James Harden. Vinces 39, 10 and seven. Kawa lookalike playoff Kauai again man with 33 7 to six. Big zoo balled out with 22 and 17. Stephan crazy with 36 and six and Jimmy hat 30 and nine yesterday. Oh man please wrote a clip of James Hart. Man what he did in OT at this game was crazy. But this my boy was cooking yesterday man. Well I was putting them boys in a blender too. Bow two threes in a row. OT going crazy.


That's tough man. It's a hell of a shot. Mr. Never missed the playoffs man. I think about James Harden and his team, they got the blueprint to win the West. Right. The reason I say that is because Kawhi Leonard is really healthy. He's full strength again. And I seen him when he, he made a move yesterday, reverse pivot Jab went left and tried to dunk it and got foul And I said oh yeah he Back. Oh yeah niggas in the Blender not so Yeah. Yeah He's healthy. Ka he got tired, he been resting really all year bro. He k Bro. Kua healthy bro.


He top five player in the NBA. Yeah Easy Bro. Yesterday it showed he was carrying a team. Everybody put on him bro. He torched him bro. Didn't matter. It not he get to his spots bro. It look like he playing against nobody. Yeah like, like he playing by himself just doing drills like he's so impressive defensively. He's so strong he can guard one through four. KW Leonard at his best is probably one of the best like top two, top three players in the league. And he looks like he at his best right now. So the Clippers got a chance. The only problem that Clippers might have is if James Harden start turning the ball over, that's the only thing that can make him lose.


Yeah, six yesterday. Yeah Like if he start doing the why five? I'm just saying You know the James Harden sugar, he just start throwing it at randomly in. Yeah in the playoffs and shit. If he keep playing like he played last night, I mean I don't expect him to get 39 or whatever, but just keeping it kind of simple. Chris Dunn is like a solid player for him too. He kinda, he kind of slows him down. He chills 'em out And I think they all respect him 'cause when he talks to him they kind of respond but they can keep James Hart and turnovers down. I can see them coming out the west Man. Shout out to Chris Dun prove his finest. But listen man, look at the minis yesterday. Kpe 47 minutes. Yeah it's Tom you been, It's tough match up man Be in now. See his work life balance. He said hey just let me chill I got shot when it matters.


Has he earned the rights to use of PTO? No Bro, He has Talk little more. He a little PTO bro. He done put in his dudes bro. Relax get us there in the play. But You know if I'm healthy what time it is bro? Just chill out. I'm just glad to see he healthy for real. Me too. Yeah, Shout out quiet bro. I think they the, we used talking about duos, we so used to Kauai being out him healthy and looking like he did yesterday. Where's his duo now? James Hart and Kawhi Leonard. Is it better than the PG and Kauai? Oh Of course. Yeah. Okay. Hell yeah. Yeah that's James Hart bro. Definitely. Okay. I right now I don't know. I don't know. Healthy oof.


That's a tough convo. That's a fire duo though. It's one of the best this Playoff run gonna Show. I like that duo. I like that duo beating bro. And Luca. Okay. You cooking this morning? Nah Right now because bro 50. Yes. I ain't saying Kawhi can guard Luca. Like I just wanna see James keep cooking in the playoffs. Yeah like James and Luca kind of cancel each other out. Obviously Luca better 'cause he younger, he can do more. But like they both gonna get you, they can get you similar stats on any given night. So you Saying Kaw though? He going out Brown? He out do Brown right now. Right now? Mm, I could see that.


Yeah right now. I mean I don't know what's really wrong with Kawa. It is just injuries for me. That's it. Yeah that have to But play off Kawhi, he do everything bro. Verse 40, 40-year-old LeBron. He he I'm roll, I'm rolling with Kawhi. Yeah he should be able to get that one done. Yeah now years ago bro. Like it ain't close. I'm, I'm excited to see what j my boy Jamal Murray do though. Ricky Ma shout out to the IG story. Yeah I I don't know. I ain't rolling with that duo no more. I Don't like that Memphis duo. I don't like that being that high shout Out to Chet and Sha. Why they down as you Chet Chet and SJ being that and not Chet and J Dub is kind of crazy. Not gonna lie.


Chet is better than J Dub. Let's go baby weak link. Shout to whoever made this list. Yeah I got Chet the, He the weak link of the whole List. Ka Chet or Triple JI Chet Chet I got Clippers coming out. The triple J is Better than Chet. Oh no I thought you meant who better gimme gimme. Y'all Don't got the clippers coming out the west. I mean they Would love to bro. They definitely chance but I dunno. James Harden gone. I know it all depending On Jack a big country forum. Motherfuckers on the other side bro. Now It it is different. Boy yo is just different. Let's look ahead to this matchup four, five. You got Clipper's nuggets. But see they got ZBA Clipper's Nugget. I love Can't guard Yoic at all. But Yoic can't guard him.


Can't guard because they gonna put him in pick and roll. You know what they do, they gonna pick and roll him to death and then they gonna iso can't none of them stay in front of James Hart. I watch Gary Peyton, I watch all these people try to stay in front of James Hart. He got that little hesitation still. Even though he older, he still get by his man. And that lob Beck is catching that lob every time. Every bro or he hitting that little floater. That Is true. They gonna make Yogis play. Yogis gonna have to guard. He gonna be a thousand pick and rolls. You know he gonna score but he, You know who's gonna be in them pick and rolls. N Pj. N pj you going to get some switches my boy. So bro won't be on the, he won't be on. Who gonna guard Kawai Christian bro. Aren Aren Gordon. Y'all gonna get a bunch of switches.


NPJ will be seeing that island So get the boat ready. Yeah, y'all might as well get ready to load up because NPJ you are on that island. Yeah I I mean I, I fuck with your tape boy. But I don't know bro. Jamal Murray if he killed bro with Yos bro it is. He might get ugly bro. Chris Dun a dog bro. They gone kill, they gonna play well but they have to guard Bro. I think Chris Duncan jam. Jamal Murray gonna have to guard I think Chris Duncan ex Jamal Murray, he sw him down. Yeah I can sw down Chris Dun he locks in. Yeah I like, I see how Guard He only out there two guard bro. It And my boy Norman Powell is he got a clip M PC's getting 15 plus a game.


They they it is going get he Too open. You can't, you got a double Kauai. You gotta double James Har if you just let them play they going to shred you. My only problem is I told you I think that might go seven and then I Seen Ben Simmons come in giving quality minutes offensive boards And shit. This where he can make a little push right here at Ben Simmons. If Ben Simmons tell us something, if he get out here and Killan Hill got kill bro just give us something. Bogey. Bogey I see him out there. He Mike Ke I'm telling you got a squad If Ben Simmons killed, y'all all gotta wear jerseys for a week straight. If Ben Simmons a Clip, I Said he might have a moment bro. If he get one of these games, I'm getting wait To see re I ain't talking about 10 points.


He might get 10 bound five get 10.1 game. Nah five points, 10 re I don't know where we can follow those. See they wish you was man. I said give him some next year. I said hell nah it's over now. I just Seen we just saying if I just seen him get some, some quality offensive rebounds. Awesome. Seen him pass up a wide up ole for a ba behind back pass too. My nigga. Nigga came up. What I expect this nigga to do in 10 minutes? Huh? What you expect to do in 10 minutes? You got two points Psych two fouls? Yeah, I'm Rebound get six points in 10 minutes bro. Alright. Moving off of the Clippers. I'm in the passing line bro. Three Layups bro. Come on man. For the Warriors does it say anything about losing this game for them? 'cause Harrison Barnes, You know that game winner set them back.


They was looking comfortable. Now they are in the play in Nah I mean they, they probably gonna win the play in. Okay but Who they play first? Rockets they wouldn't the play in that. We playing the Rockets. I ain't gonna lie but they play Memphis End the playin. They play Memphis tomorrow. Right. Yeah. I I think they gonna handle Memphis. See That's bullshit bro. They Should beat Memphis though. They're but I'm saying we both play. How is that? That's not fair Bro. We have the same record. That's why I hate to play in bro. Why you hate to play? Because how the two saddest teams get to get a chance to play twice? No they don't get a chance to play twice. No. So if a Loses Yeah they get to play G to play the winner between the Kings and the Mavericks for the last spot.


Yeah. So they get a chance to actually to upgrade in the situation. 'cause if they win then they go to seven. But if they lose they get to play the winner between the Kings and Mavs and the one off The Yeah. And I, I kind of like it though bro. 'cause it make the last games of the regular season kind of matter like that last night was good basketball. Yeah it was like one of the best games of the year actually. But like facts, you got a chance to watch basketball. I remember. You know the teams that solidified their playoffs spot don't play nobody. Yeah. We watched Brownie play last night. Yeah. And nothing wrong watching Brownie play but it's just like, that's just a throwaway game, whatever. So it was good to at least see some quality basketball for the last game of the season. Just an early start to the playoffs bro. It is man. Can the, can the Warrior put any fear hard in in the Rockets?


Yeah. Yeah for sure. Okay. Alright let's move on. Hey man, AE went crazy yesterday season finale 43 P something slight took care of the jazz one 16 and 1 0 5 secured that succeed. I know they had the shaky season my boy, but You know what I'm saying. They finished out top six. They did not finish in the play in shout to AE had 43 yesterday, 18 and a third and he got the record yesterday. Three point champ. How many do you have? I think he had three 12 or something crazy like that. Crazy man. Yeah they locked in and got it together man towards the end of the season. But I still don't believe man, You still don't believe man. Nah. Alright man. How would you rate his season? They say he's having one of the best seasons in timber wolf history man.


Franchise record for most points in the season he averaged 27, 5 and five and hit over 300 threes. Man, Cold bro. Just keep getting better man. Hopefully we can clean up all the shit that's You know, outside news but shit, he gonna be one of the best players in the league for a long time. Mm. Did you see the child support Chance? Yeah, he was smiling. Alright. Took care of that. Alright. Took care of that. That's crazy. Listen man, let's see where they are ranked with in the playoffs. Is it, is it early to go because they got the Lakers. Is it quiet? Yeah It's quiet. They ain't got a chance. I like the Lakers.


I like the Lakers. Yeah I like Lakers in there. Mm Yeah I'll take the Lakers. Lakers in six. So Lakers and seven Lakers and six They, I mean I don't know though. I don't know. Rudy been hoop in the last two months Sleep Lakers six If Jr if JR catch a gear it could be a good series. I don't think they going to sweep em. Nah but it could go six. Okay. They Gonna win. It could go six For sure. Please let up the clip of the reporter asking a about 2K after the game. That shit is absolutely hilarious. Are you playing strictly as yourself? Nah, I ain't gonna lie.


I be using the sales. I nigga you crazy And that's why you love him Because You expect him to say of course I use myself on 2K. He said nah, I cheat, I use Celtics Kept it real man. Celtics silly. Yeah that's, I hate people who play video games get the best teams. You're not really good if you do that bro. I'm getting the best team bro. They are on the game Mo. That's crazy bro. No it's not bro. It does not show skill if you go get the best team on the game bro. I Want to win the game bro. I'm getting the best team flat out. I'm here to win. Speaking about the Celtics is Jason Tatum and Brown a better duo than and James Hard and yeah Ka Yeah.


Yeah We the Champs bro. We the, yeah They they ain't old. Only reason I said they better than LeBron and Luca. 'cause LeBron old, I tell them no they 26. They ain't they pro, I mean Luca 25. LeBron. LeBron They ain't Boca is bro bro. LeBron 40 I think y'all might have bro fucked up. No we don't. Brian is Brian bro. He the goat but he just 40 Just old bro. And we And we comparing him to Hall of Fame players at 40. You're 22 Like James Hard iss a Hall of Famer, Quas a hall of Famer. He just 40. He just 40. That's the only problem that he's 40. Everything else is bro. If he 2010 years ago bro.


Five years ago bro just 40 bro. Three years ago bro. But He's still at the elite level bro. He's still LeBron. He's, I can't shut him down 'cause his age bro. The nigga probably still average like 24 points a game, 23 some shit like that. Yeah of course he LeBron just saying That's LeBron James. Yeah. Average 24 7 8 Still Elite But like Hey so it's fire. So we Never seen LeBron pull his groin and be hurt just like just old. Oh shit. Like he just went for a ball like ah that ain't never happened to him. Oh shit. Yeah this don't count for Kawhi though because He play half a season and he's still average 20. But if you put James hard in Kawhi bro and Duo, that's a different conversation.


Yeah That's crazy. So yeah Houston They well shit they for sure not better than them too though. Nah they ain't better than the young Guns. They ain't No I'm saying if shit James Harden and Kawhi Prime versus Luca And Luca. Brian Luca better And I'm taking them over. JT and JB though. Who? And they pros Harden and Kawai. Ah yeah that ain't fair. Yeah If it worked shit. Yeah I feel like if it worked, if you took Houston from that, I mean Kauai from that San Antonio team and put him straight with that Houston James Harden. Yeah they they fucking league up. Mm. That's a fact. All right. For sure. Alright man. Play in starts tomorrow. We'll go more in depth but just a general conversation.


Warriors or Grizzlies? Who y'all picking Warriors. Thinking Warriors? Yeah. All right. Yeah I'm gonna go Grizzlies. Fuck it Going with the Grizzlies gonna play back with It. Come on the show boy. On Live show Rock Cast please tap in the playback. We will have a ball in there. Real basketball on the way. Also want to ask y'all preliminary question, y'all still got time to change for tomorrow? Hawks and Magic. Magic Taking the magic to yeah I'm assuming you going a TL here. I only been to Orlando twice. Gimme a TLI know how one of times win. Dunno about the other one winner. This game we'll face the Celtics so Get Well Soon.


It really don't matter. Yeah I just, if y'all want to extend y'all season a week longer Go vacation man. It is cool Once a Say about the dust either one of y'all Sweet. Yeah I don't even know if they gonna tell em about some games. This is gonna be built to ass immediately for sure. Yeah they Probably gonna be on NBA TV For sure. Let's go ahead and just blow the whole bracket man. We got plenty of time but this is just wanted to go through offhand what's the most intriguing matchup for y'all y'all see on there so far? R because I think that Nuggets clipper series is gonna be crazy. I definitely think that past Buck series will be crazy as well. I'm excited to see Nicks in Pistons but I feel like the Knicks going to put belts ass at some point but I would love to see K Cunningham coming out party.


Nah, the most intriguing series for me right now is the Paxers verse bucks. Mm. I like the Clippers and the nuggets. That's gonna be a fire series but that paxers verse bucks series is exciting because y'all beat him without a healthy Giannis and Giannis is on a tear right now. He is? Yeah I'm I'm not a first round guy, I'm more of a second round. That's when you get the best. Giannis could beat the Pacers by itself. No that's why I'm intrigued. I wanna see if he can. I Think so. I think Giannis is gonna average a 30 point triple double If you do That they gonna win. Oh yeah they gonna win. The biggest problem is for me is Milwaukee bitch gonna have to be super consistent 'cause our bench is Yeah And while Giannis is a fucking superstar, one of the best players ever, we got two all stars that can contribute to match his.


Is it gonna be about everybody else and if we going based on bitches, I like our chances with ours, our role players show up especially at home. Yeah Us having home court advantage make a hell of a difference if we didn't, I wouldn't feel as confident saying that but be honest is gonna do historic shit to us. The Pacer should win though. Most Definitely. I agree. I'm excited to see what KPJ do in the playoffs. Yeah there's been a lot of slender like he not gonna do nothing in the playoffs but He been hooping on the love. Yeah he been hooping. Nah he's been contributing for sure. I'd love to see how Bobby Porters bounced back too. I was about to say Bobby Port, they got up, they got win Too though. Yeah they not weak by no means. Y's Been playing at a super, super high level. I'm excited to see that. That actually is gonna be a goodie.


Yeah Y'all see that going six. I ain't gonna lie. I can see that going seven like a Seven bro. I can see six. We got smoke And we be going back and forth And we also play dumb ass basketball whenever we play each other. So I could see that going seven for sure man. But it'd be a great series. Y'all just gonna hoop out. That's too long. The Knicks should smack. Somebody need to win in five. In five. Nah it's quiet for the five piece. It's quiet. That's dead Nixon. Yeah I I I wonder how that's gonna go man. I I want the piss just play outta body. They young and they got shit to lose Man, make it a series. Nicks gotta win bro. I don't see that. I agree they Lose some people losing their jobs like they gotta smack them. Really? Yeah it's quiet for me bro.


With the Knicks, pistons. They got to hear about that. They probably need to get them outta there in five bro. Mm. The Lakers Thunder Timberwolves a matchup gonna be exciting too just 'cause ae we know that they're not gonna win but ae just an exciting player so we might see him go for a 45 50 point game. Oh yeah that's on way just to make it fun and exciting. We we know we all think the Lakers gonna win but yeah He gonna have to turn to Allen Iverson in 2000 facts. Yeah It'd be good for TV though. Yeah Game three AE at the crib. Yeah he's gonna put up 50. Its that 50 is on the way bro. Yeah it's going up for sure. Oh You got that then, then for sure. Even when the playing games You know it's gonna be od that King's Mavericks game ain't gonna mess around and be good. Hell nah Bro. Zach Levine bro is about to go off.


He's about to wild out. Matt Rosen is Too. Don't have nobody. Yeah I ain't rolling with the Mavericks. They dead. Yeah they, they mad they gotta be to play in. Yeah for sure. Alright man some more games that took place last night. The Hawks took care of the magic 1 17 2 1 0 5. So y'all the Celtics beat the Hornets 93 to 86. Peyton Pritchard bought out yesterday 34 7 to seven. That's crazy. They world players just do whatever they want when they feel like it. The Knicks took care of Evan, that's one 13 to 1 0 5. PJ Tucker had six points yesterday Be here. Yeah should put him on a lay. I Know my boy only hit two threes yesterday but it's cool. Play. Play. Just the warmup. Play off PJ on the way You know Naval for sure.


The Patriot took care of the calves in double OT yesterday. 1 26 1 18. Amani Bates Hooped out yesterday made good to see him in action. He had 25, the Wizards beat the heat yesterday one 19 to one 18 the Bulls beat the 76 ERs belt to ass 1 22 to 1 0 2. The Bucks beat the Pistons one 40 to 1 33. Pat Colston had 43 at 11 yesterday. Hold on. Who the hell is Jaqui? 43 41 Kids. I kids Jamie Hawke Shout out to you. We don't wanna bombass your 40 nasty. Who would speak how of you on this platform? He hooped out. They Tried to put some bad allegations on that boy. Some shit On. Oh that's the real Triple J.


He put some S Smart On his name. Yeah he started getting minutes too. Yeah. I'm like damn What that boy do? He look want kill, kill. Yeah he he was getting offensive rebounds and putting his light turns. Hell damn. Allegedly he Wasn't allegedly. I know he, there's no way he did. Oh Rashan 41 bro. I don't know you. I just seen Jais like shit we came out 40 pieces in the league. Respect for sure The Nuggets took care of the rockets. 1 27 1 26 excuse me to one 11 Grizzlies beat the MAs belt to ass. 1 32 to 97 The Thunder took care of the pelicans.


One 15 to 100 The spurge beat the rappers yesterday. 1 25 1 18 Shout to CP three and his 20th season playing all 82 games is crazy. Blazer took care of the Lakers 1 0 9 81. Shout to boy Chauncey got an extension man. Got them boys playing well man Hopefully they get him a good draft pick man so he can really run it up next year. And last but certainly not least the Kings took care of the songs. 1 0 9 to 98 Verified Buckets B here. Who was getting to it this weekend? I'm Gonna give it to my boy aunt 43, 6 and five. I'm rolling Light day at the office for show T. Who you got? How many haw is 41, 10 and seven? Yes sir. Held it down Moku you got going Kauai Man I like the scene back out there doing his thing.


33 76 For sure. James Hart hooped out yesterday as well with 39, 10 and seven and last but certain not least even though he lost Steph went crazy with 36 yesterday. Get Well Soon will be here. Who needs some encouragement this morning? Basically Daniel Gafford. Man let a nigga named Lamar bang on you bro. Got wiki yesterday. Hey See if I duck them niggas you gotta fall. I'm pulling you down to the ground bro. I'm doing that like they falling up your hole. You gonna dunk a nigga in Pussy? Yeah Like Shaq did. Old boy.


That's nasty. Hey Let's look, let's look and see if everything bound. They bench move. Go back See if the vibes is right. They all stay solid Vibe check They all stay solid. They was solid. Alright t who you got? Whoever else is up there? Oh Draymond this is tough. End of the game. Oh he missed that break. Try to get fast. Smoke It. Yeah bro. Go straight up Draymond. Where the Left?


We gonna train this summer bro that won't happen next year. We getting in the gym. Nasty. Hey Did you see the interview he did where he was like Paris must meet like my kid play like you. And he said when I hear that I think your kid is sad. He was like why was your kid be running around sitting scream call past it looked first step K at 14. That Nigga garbage. That is some garbage ass shit. It was hilarious. Alright Mo, Who you got man? Whoever else up there? Oh okay You can't see the clip? I got you. Derrick Jones Jr. Hey Steph's, your As out the way.


Told you I look at Ben Simmons making plays. Come on now. Dime. That's a Derrick Jones boy. My guy Got some of the best dunks in NBA history boy That that that transition play they got last year from Kyrie to Luca to him is crazy as hell. But last but not least, Dave Gaff forgot his get back on. Jay Huff wrote the tape. Hey They dunked on him like a real big man. Yeah, facts but two. Damn Damn Like damn bro. Really punched on you With two though.


That's crazy.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are With all the new ways to get in on action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare. How many points of favorite player would score rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Be instantly. Take it to the Rack with Draftking Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on Draft Kings The Crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family When you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. When Dr. Saba And I decided to do a skincare line together, he said to me, we are gonna give women meaningful beauty. And I said, that's exactly right. We wanna give women meaningful beauty, which means each and every product is meaningful. It has a a reason to exist. It's efficacious. You're gonna get results and then you just go out and live your life. Meaningful beauty, confidence is beautiful. Learn More@meaningfulbeauty.com.


This is DJ Wells from Club five 20 podcast and this show is sponsored by Better Help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to two 50 per session, which adds up pretty fast. But with better Help Online therapy, you can save up an average of 50% per session. Therapy should feel very accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress. It's helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries and it empowers you to be the best version of yourself. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest or online therapy platform have been served over 5 million people globally. It's convenient too. You can join the session with just a click of a button, helping you fit therapy into a busy life. Plus which therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/club to get 10% off your first month. That's better help. Help h eop.com/club


On April 18th. Centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin brothers Smoke and Stack both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending thrill ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th rated R under 17. Not admitted without parent. Alright Laker gang or no gang ass in super chat. Teague. You know Kauai could never guard Luca. That's a lie. I gotta watch basketball for real. I'm I'm about to start pissing me off.


Well it's a a good defender on him. We call a screen to get the weaker defender on you. So when you ever go watch Luca play, the first person that's guarding him is the best defender. He always, he always calls for a ball screen, get the switch and he attack them. So to give you an example, if I'm the best defender on a team, I'm guarding Luca, he probably would call B he up for a switch so he can get B he and attack B hen Bn going shit outta him. That's about one on one for you. Mo Luca wasn't. You got that Man. Niggas trying to kill me Bro. Nah bro that good. My knee still hurt. That's a good base. You try all that tricky shit. You thought you was a motherfucking alley mo out there had shit.


Yeah. Had to cease that shit man. For sure. Grind hard 2 1 4 ass. I must have forgot what Luca did to him and PG in the playoffs. Yeah he did his thing for sure. But show that Kawhi Leonard if you go back and watch that series by the way. Oh my God. Yeah I think they lost that one by the Way. Come on Mel. Cut that shit off bro. Bro that was in the bubble bro. Mel throw ass. What the jerk do be here And pause. Yeah, That's crazy. What it do you feeling dude? Like that is nasty. Shout out the male throw. If you got some ing jerk throw it away. DMA as jt. What message are you more excited for at WrestleMania this weekend?


I'm excited for Jay. Woo. So and Gunner. I'm excited for Jay Cargo and Naomi, I'm excited for the three-way pause. I'm excited for the triple the Gotta type that in. Yeah, Roman rain eth rolls the seal punk man. It's a lot of, it's a good card man. Charlotte, player Charlotte, FLA G John Senior Cody Rose should be a good one. That's really it man. AJ Styles and Logan Paul. I kind of like that metric 'cause they really both can wrestle.


They got some high exciting they can do exciting moves so it should be good. But I'm excited for the whole thing wrestle. Money should be, should be Lit for the show, man. Tap in. We will be on the Soil Live or Wrestle man this weekend. Can't wait to see y'all. Listen, tomorrow's the five 20 awards. I'm tell y'all we got, we gotta make two. Two teams all five 20. I want y'all to do y'all research man. And we gonna go back and just highlight everybody this season before we start to play it officially tomorrow. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back. Same time tomorrow. Five 20 in the Morning. The Volume.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions Today. The Warriors Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Rushmore, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival. Presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Go miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boogie Thomas Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut. Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.