
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal, you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all yours with PayPal. Download the app. Now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I speak with California Governor Gavin Newsom. Is there any chance of increased tax breaks for the movie business? We're gonna Double it. You are. It's amazing. I proposed that a few months ago and that was right before the fires. What do the fires only reinforce? Right? The imperative. And also working with all our friends. You know the the who's who of Hollywood saying it's time to double down on bringing production back to California, particularly this time of recovery and renewal. I said to my legislative friends, I'm said, there's no budget. I'll veto the budget. If we don't get it done, it's gonna get done. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole. Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers Bishop Henderson. My brother t Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What up bro? Chilling. Come on man. It's March Madis so it's only ride. We got five 20 Mook in the building with us. Mook, how you doing this morning? My boy? I'm good bro. What's good man? It's good man. Let's get straight to it man. Tournament kicked off yesterday and March. Madis true fashion first. Let's get to it man. USC beat the sleeves off San Diego State last night. I told y'all all. All right. NCB here back, you ain't been riding for his team all year but he gonna get the plan win and talk about it. Okay. I have but fuck y'all. San Diego. San Diego State can never beat they ass yesterday.


They beat the hell outta them but they run us up after. Run us up. Ole Mrs. N. Nigga, this ain't football. It's crazy. Game game time Ole mrs. Nice nigga it's over. Shout to the og. RJ Davis went crazy yesterday with 26 in the win to get San Diego State. Now we were talking about them being in the tournament. They played they way in man. 11 C. Little bit iffy but got your respect. They took care of business yesterday. Alright Mo. They got ole mess up. Ole mess about to smack them bro. It is over With. 50 probably 20. I could see 20 no bet. 50. Oh we can bet 50 for sure. Okay. For Sure. He an early morning action. I like this. Yeah, Easy. That's easy man. I won't smoke on my guy. RJ Davis hoop. Well he like 30. I say how old is he? That's what say og.


He Your age smoke. But it don't matter you I need to get out there. What You got three more years? Me a check. How old is he? You gotta be 25. He up there 23? Yeah he up. So 25 we round niggas up in college. He 23? Yeah. Yeah. That's old Ain bad. He born oh one. That's crazy. That Ain't bad. You started when you was 18 bro. Yeah bro. You doing a real bid bro. It ain't bad. Five years ain't bad. Shout to the covid year for sure. They took care of business man listen the real game yesterday, Alabama State and St. Francis wrote a clip. Shout to my boys down there in the trenches. Come on man. Shout the two. No NIL at all. Oh no they they doing it for love the game for sure.


March mad is kicked off. Hail Mary play Nigga look like Arlington out there first of All. That's Crazy. That's As a coach. Are you putting somebody on the ball on opposite side. The court That's bubby and play back. Everybody Get back. Good win man. Everybody Gets back. I'm getting all the way back. I'm getting under the bucket. That's crazy. That's Not happen way everybody get back. What we doing? Alright. Why he deny? Look at dude right here denying at half court. He's doing nothing. Look at him right here at the three point line of red. What are you doing? Yeah, He he whatcha Are you doing? He doing nothing. Yeah. Who is he guarding?


Nothing. He don't even see the ball. Yep. This is a bad play by that team. Bad coach. They Deserve to lose Jontay Porter. He took over. Look at him bro. He can't even see the ball. Where are you guarding? Let's see his rap Kings account for sure. Now that is actually cra why is he took, I never really noticed that until now. That's one of worst basketball players I think I ever seen. Like what? Who are you guarding? You can't even see the ball in the air. Like if they was to throw it over your head right to him in half court you couldn't even see it. You just blew it. Yeah, dude coulda got a three pointer. Really? Thanks. Alright. Look, if he throw it to dude at half court, the Drib just threw over the top of his head. He could have dribbled two dribble and shot a three. Yeah, they deserve that exit.


Oh this is what the madness is about man. Come On man play that's pure Madness. 16 team sees more that. That's Get Well Soon. Y'all even gotta ask me Get Well Soon dude that have court. Oh that, that's the crazy part. That's him right there. Nah, I hope that but now the GIF is going up. That is tough man. Like what are you doing bro? He is standing the wrong way in the locker room. What are you saying for a loss like that? Nah bro. Bad coaching bro. That's terrible. Niggas ain't even thinking about him though. I'm gonna be real. Yeah, but they ain't thinking about him bro. Bro. A hail Mary lay for game is crazy. Everybody get back bro. Yeah we Doing ain't gonna catch it in front of you bro.


Man if that's setting the tone for the tournament, we about to have a hell of the next two weeks for sure. Man. Should be exciting for sure man. Shout to I You got a new coach man Took West Virginia's coach Dev. Hey we talking about this IU job being a job that people really not want to deal with the pressure with but obviously he, he tapped in Mook how you feel about this hire? I mean he had a cool year at West V. I don't, is he really gonna make that much of a difference? No, I don't see it. It cool. He must be a heck of a recruiter or something because I don't understand the hire. I mean West Virginia had a okay season. They probably should have made a tournament and they complained that they should have made a tournament over at UNC but like Jay Biller said win more games. Yeah. If you gotta sue somebody to get in a tournament, you shouldn't make tournament bro.


First of all that's crazy. Going to going to the law. That's like Drake that's outta pocket bro. What are we doing bro? But I, I don't think people want the IU job. I mean you see a lot of coaches that get it. Tom Crane, hall of Fame coach Kelvin Sampson gonna be a hall of Fame coach. All these guys that had that job, they ain't really get a fair shake at it. That's just one of them jobs. It's like Kentucky. You know it just, it's a lot of pressure come with that job bro. It is. You got win chips, they wins. They wanna win championships. That's a winning program. But they don't really win. They don't but that's what they expect. They won in year. They like the Cowboys. Nah, that's a fact bro. They haven't won since the eighties. They haven't but they still think they supposed to win every year. I didn't need that comparison but respect.


But it's accurate. It is definitely Bob Knight's not walking through their door bro. And then the swag is so weak. Yeah they need they that candy cane shit. I hate that shit. The jerseys is weak like the whole, they warm up it ass. Everything is weak. The building weak. I mean it's a, It's a historical nostalgia Building but like historical. But shit weak to be honest. As You said. Say that And you shoulda the head Ceiling. Kids generally don't care about history bro. They don't like real talk bro. These kids do not give a damn, these kids don't even remember when y'all play Barrel. They don't. Damn. They don't. They be damn if they listen to a Bob nice story, come on. Yeah And you say he choke somebody. They definitely nothing about throw a chair these kids to scratch us.


They'd put heads to feed on Bob night bro. Yeah but that'll never happen today. Nah. So they probably do need to coach that. I mean we gotta let him figure it out first. Give him a chance. Yeah because he, like you said, he might be a fire recruit coach So Yeah he might be able to recruit. That's the only thing I can think of. But yeah, we Gonna give him a chance man. He Turned up Drake though. He got Drake to a really nice program. So he did do his job for sure. He's familiar with the Midwest so recruiting may help as well. He's also bringing his son over too, who's pretty nice as well. So hey. Aw hell, nothing wrong with that. You know the Bobs tap in what's up here? He average 15 though. He, he wasn't? No he ain't no cri on the bitch Lord. Daddy Ball supposed to stop at nine you Come on man.


Now You hating. Come on man. Bring your son to college bro. Who is his son bro? Sucker Bro. Junior You 28 2 0 6 seventh man. How old is he? He 22 per. Oh man, he Playing two. He 26. Oh. And he about to get the biggest NIL. He average 15. Man look bro. 15 to fall. Turn me up Man. Tucker help your daddy recruit, get in the field. I'm the First recruiter. He in the field man. He white. He's six seven. How you gonna love him? Nah, we gonna give him a chance. He back for sure because they gonna be, they gonna be happy man to bring some spark back to iu. That's a college town. For real.


It is. We gonna see though. That's crazy because Matt Painter always said Hey y'all fans Y should just really chill out. Y'all can have I coach real long time. They like shut up. We don't like y yada ops. But it is lowkey kind of true. Yeah. Gabe Pep don't give it to them though. He said I'm outta here. Oh No. The players in that portal. Game Cup, SL player Ohio University. He's outta here. Gone there. He going back to the crib. Oh we, that's a bad loss. Yeah, that's a tough one for sure. All right man. We got some games tonight. Some more playins. Hopefully that can be as good as yesterday. 16 matchup. American University and Mount St. Mary's. I'm not too familiar with either one of these. Mook. Who you got? That's a assy game. I like Mount St. Mary's though. Okay. I watched 'em a few times this year. They pretty good respect.


Not a real game after that. Texas versus Xavier 11 C play in 9:10 PM Where we going with it? Man, I I damn man I'm a rock with ride. I want Xavier to win but I, I think Texas is gonna win. Mm. But I won't. Xavier will right now. Trey Raw, he Is nasty. Jesus. NBA prospect for sure. I'm rooting for the ton. Fuck I'm going with Xavier too. Yeah, I bought Xavier to win but I, my my mind, my betting hand says Texas. Okay. I'm gonna rock out with Xavier's. Well shout to Ryan now. Can we pull the bracket up one more time please? Mo, I'm gonna go through here and see. Obviously we ain't gonna be able to get here through the weekend but any of these games, any upsets you picking so far under season might surprise some people.


'cause man ain't super tapped in on the Kyle side. Damn that Drake matchup got Drake nice. I got Drake winning. I don't know exactly who they play. Yeah I got Ray King could sneak a win out on Maryland bro. They good bro. People don't know about them. Ray team. Yeah. Okay. 17. I like Drake too man. Going through something. BCU U could be BYU. Yeah, it's gonna be a hell of a game. It's gonna be a great game. Damn. What number? Liberty could be Oregon bro. I, I promise you Liberty like that. They good bro. YU is six BCU is 11. 11 Six matchup. Okay. I like that.


Styles make fights bitch deal bro. Disrupt. Yeah my boy Robert Morris down there. Yeah, Robert Morris Get Well Soon. They they put Arkansas, They play Alabama. They might be Robert Morris is good bro. Yeah who Arkansas play. But I seen Alabama SEC this year. It might be about the ass situation. Alabama shaky bro. Alabama can score. Yeah they can put that on basket bro. Kansas. Arkansas play Kansas. Yeah. So with Kansas that's gonna be a hell of a gag. No, aint Kansas going. Y'all think so? I think Kansas gonna win but it's gonna be a better game than it's built to ask. Built to ask because Kansas trash for real this year. It is. But just for some reason they got big man that's gonna probably kill them.


Hunter Dickerson 36 years old. He's, they giving him a lot of money. The OGs of the tournament is great. Yeah, he about to kill. Yeah man. Yeah. Drake might be, I don't really sick of these kids being that old in college. Yeah they got fix that bro. Nah that's the way bro. This is my job now. It's not college basketball. Oh my God. If I had to fix that, that's ridiculous bro. Where am I supposed to go am going league Every time I look at Auburn bro just get mad like why is he 25 turning 26 in the tournament? A kid can't even get recruit from high school no more. Yeah Bro, you gotta work super, super hard. That just makes me so mad. That's crazy. 'cause Jette could have been 25 bro in college and he would've the NIL player of all time.


For sure. Nasty. That's crazy. It'd been worth it in his instance though. 'cause he really didn't pan out in the league. So, but Jim was lottery though. Yeah, But I'm saying he didn't have a successful NBA career. He would've probably read it up for real. That's a person who was ahead of his time. If Jim came around in the, the three friendly NBA era, Jer would've been around for a long time. Jim would've been fan favorite. Most definitely favorites to win it all. Man. That's that's we can we get on preliminary? Fuck it. We here now and see who's still here next week. Who got team back out to, to win it all? I I like Duke bro. I do you remember Duke? If Cooper flag come back, I like Duke. Yeah. I'll take Duke squad You'all taking Duke man I'm gonna go out on a limb bro.


I got two picks. I'm gonna either take Houston or I'm taking St. John's. They defense travel. Yeah. My bias says Louisville but it is, it is tough. We got cheated this year with that pick. But I'm gonna St John's Rick Patino win a national championship. It's time for different conversations for sure. Oh yeah. Duke me, them, we, we clapping now that's light light day. So If Rick win, he the, he the greatest in my eyes. If he goes and gets three national championships at three different universities and as many final fours as he has, he has to be in the top eye. For sure. That's fire because nobody else moved around. Everybody else who had a lot of success stayed at one school. Very rarely do you see people who moved around and had success or multiple final fours everywhere he went. They go to a final four. He up there now And the schools he done did it at. Yeah, He up there now.


That's crazy bro. To win a rivalry in both universities, that's already legendary to me. That's crazy. That's like somebody going to Duke of North Carolina to get a chip. That's that's, I don't ever compare them two schools to Duke. That rival. It's on par. Same thing. Yeah, it's on par. It's par. It's shit kind of watered down bro. It's real Beef in Kentucky for Louisville and Kentucky Fed out this. Oh I think it's high. No, I'm telling the truth. Louis boy Kentucky is not a real thing bro. Bro. No it's, it is no real Fame going on degree. I was good bro. That shit's a real thing. Louisville. What you talking about Y'all had, when y'all had gorgie in them, we had more national championships to Wake Forest. Wake Forest late. We don't got no robbery. Exactly.


Y'all ain't don't either. Y'all don't either. Kentucky Louis is one of the biggest robbery in all sports In North Carolina. It's even a college experts would tell you that. It's a little bit under that. It ain't a real robbery. Just in the same state bro. It's a little bit under that. Y'all are, Wow y'all was 15 minutes from all campuses. Y'all ain't have no ops. 45. 45. Y'all have no ops. Y'all down the street, straight forest in North Carolina, no rivals. Nah, because we a private school. Super Duke and North Carolina right next to each other. If it's, if it is behind that rock, I'm not bad. It's the biggest, it's the biggest rivalry in sports but it's y'all. It's getting watered down On on some real shit. Y'all are Indiana and Purdue. No, look at that's bigger.


Indiana and Purdue is bigger than Louisville, Texas. Same. That's about say Bro, that's about The say bro. Lemme just say bro. 'cause of the players though It's the same Louisville is because Kentucky helps that rival No Kentucky 'cause of the players Kentucky's so much greater than Louisville. It don't add up. You been weak for a minute so they ain't really helping. They rivalry but it is still a rival. Hey Mo. Who did y'all play in the final 40 year y'all want? Huh? Who y'all play the final for? Hey Louisville and then who won it next year? So we went to two back by the four. Right. We didn't win Next. I Anova. You know I told y'all y'all have y'all had a two year row where y'all were good like Kentucky been good. Yeah. Go back to 96.


90 Go back to six nine. It's like Cincinnati, Xavier, all them shit is the same bro. Now y'all helped that rivalry out lot. Nah, we do A whole lot Bro. Because y'all win too many. Yes. I mean we is putting belt eggs. Yeah not even, it ain't even even we putting belt like at one point Indiana was fired and Purdue got lit. Like you can see the difference like all it's a good game. I mean's why I'm saying that's still a weak game's. What I'm Purdue, North Carolina. Duke is, no they got too much history bro. Dominating Duke got but then you got, you go back to Michael Jordan then you got Lee back. I can say Junior Bridgeman, he won the national championship in Louisville back. No I'm saying way they got, they got Ray Felton then they just had, when Marcus and them played Carolina, woo boy Louis Died in 1983 When they had John Henson, what's his name?


Who for Louisville in 83. Matter for sure. Y'all got no hoop For real. Y'all got Donovan Mitchell. Terry shout out to my nigga Francisco Garcia Show respect. That's what I'm saying. Now we start doing Kentucky funny preachy Will we could just dude three years ago Kentucky, it's gonna look crazy. Oh if you're gonna to that point that I don't disagree man. There ain't no rivalry it To Louisville Fireplace. I ain't gonna disrespect y'all like that. But it's when you speaking, that's When you Speaking about Kentucky. Thank you bro. It's a rivalry bro. Hell, it's down bro.


It's not as big as Duke in North Carolina but it's a rivalry. No bro. Even Roddo delicious Roddo bro. Louisville went to Kentucky man. That's because Tino, he press he made the right choice. That's just saying Bro y'all can, when somebody, when a team carries so much, you can't call that a rivalry bro. That's all we said. It's supposed to be back To back. I'll make it simple for y'all. It's like Brooklyn in the Knick. It's like the Nets in the Knicks. That's how Kentucky we win championships so we gotta fight. That's saying they get chips bro. We had the same amount of Kentucky has the last what? Since 96 all come on now. Shout to you. You put a better up. Come on. We got one the next year though. We we better than y'all.


We for sure. I ain't gonna disrespect. We better than y'all. Y'all got one chip. Okay everybody Squirrel find nut pause. Well wait. Y'all better get lucky 'cause God damnit better is bear up. Listen, we ain't paying enough people. Okay, I'll give y'all this. Is Louisville have better lineage than Yukon About players? No bro. If you going players, no you're not gonna ever match that. No. Louisville is with Wake Forest nigga UConn got two back to back. Wake what I'm saying a better lineage than than Louisville alumni based. I agree. Ucon one of the ones bro. That's the, so Whoever Yukon is carrying this robbery needs to be above the Kentucky, Louisville One. Bro. They don't even got, ain't nobody, nobody else got one.


It's like Wake Forest, we don't got one. That's cool. I'm just saying I played in that game bro. That's a rivalry bro. Listen, Kentucky, it's Indiana game. Bigger than the Louisville, Kentucky. That's cat. It's hate though. I ain't gonna lie bro. That's a robbery. It's hate Kentucky, Indiana for sitting there. Bigger than the Louisville, Kentucky there. That's a robbery bro. It is a robbery. Kentucky, Indiana. I ain't gonna lie bro. That Louisville is kind of water down. Ain't chat about Ke bro. We top 10 the nation. We got a fucking ac. That's cheap bro. They hate it bro. That gonna lose Boyton. Don't do that Moves. I'm just keeping it real. Don't do that. Defund Creighton. Like think about, think about Louisville two years ago. Yeah, they was ass. Oh my God. Stop snitching. That's what happened. Nigga started snitching our program.


He got ugly. Don't do kidney pain like that. Worse. Like he came to Louisville. Fuck up his program Mac when Coach Mac was there. That's my guy. He a Wake Forest guy. We was on death penalty bro. They got UConn. I just looked it up. They got Yukon in Georgetown as a rival. Oh, that's side as well, bro. I never knew that. Yukon and Tennis Yukon and Tennessee women's basketball. That's that's a real, that's That's bigger than Louisville in For sure. Pass. So and then yeah, that's where I Respect. Shout out to the game. Shout. What's the super chat? Tyrone Josh drew at Jeff and Luke, what would you say is the hardest adjustment for y'all coming from a successful college career to the NBA and are you gonna play BJ 1 0 1? Jeff?


Who the fuck is bj? Oh yeah, it is on the way. The hardest thing was just not playing. Yeah. Yeah. And then the structure in college you real structure, you go to NB is freedom. Do whatever you want. Everything on you. But yeah, not playing shit. Yeah, you said that like you said, you gonna be the man of your team. Like you gotta fight for minutes and shit or not playing at all. That's a different adjustment. For sure. For sure, for sure.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare. How many points of favorite player will score rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the EBA player props. New customers BET five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Best instantly. Take it to the record with Draftking Sports book where every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resorting, Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire one eight hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family. When you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I speak with California governor Gavin Newsom. I watch Fox, I pay attention. Newsmax one American News. I don't turn my back to the critics, but there is a sort of California derangement syndrome out there that is just sort of ridiculous. This notion that this is the only state that has challenges. It's just comedic but it's damaging. We record breaking tourism last year. We have a surplus again. We have a state with population growing again. You wouldn't know that. That's not prevalent. It's not part of the discussion. It's been engulfed by the Fires, it's been engulfed in the fires. It's, You know, it's a failed state, You know, California. But for me, I, You know, it's pride for me again, as a guy lives here who cares about the state is to make a case anew for it. And I'm a little Clint Tony about it. There's nothing wrong with it. It can't be fixed with what's right with it. Listen to the new season of, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with Jay Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. Jay Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its Knees, the FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heists tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Alright, let's get to the league. Yesterday the warrior got a dub over the bucks yesterday 1 0 4 to 93. Steph did not play due to rest but it didn't matter. Jimmy picked up the slack with 24, 10 and eight yesterday. Brandon PKI with crazy with 17 and seven. Giannis had 29 and seven and Dame had 16. We gotta figure out what's up with Dame man. He ain't really been having a really good last month. Nah, he hasn't. He been struggling a little bit. The bucks as a whole. Yeah he been struggling. But you gotta get that dub yesterday with Steph being there. In other words, or a cable team but just play all time. Y'all gotta get that dub for sure. Let look at him. That's just not, that's not Dame. We got 16, 19 shooting 33% game 20 get second option bro.


That's not his thing. Hmm. Think that's his biggest struggle fit in option though. It ain't even hit. I mean he ain't supposed, he don't, he ain't supposed to be a second option. Yeah. Yeah bro. That's a franchise player flat out and as we know it's not the easiest player to deal with. So superstar wise he dominates the ball more than the guard. So it's kind of hard for him to get rhythm. But yesterday's lost man. I mean shout out to the Warriors, they been rolling but you gotta get that dug yesterday. Yeah. Dang that's tough man. But Jimmy but obviously more than capable. Nah, we know what Jimmy can do. That Drew holiday for Dame trade is, that's a terrible trade bro. I'm sorry. You think it's a bad trade? Yeah bro. Drew fit them's too good bro.


Yeah because Drew is a Swiss Army knife. Like he allowed GNI to play point guard 'cause he'd go sit in the dunker. Yeah he won't bring the ball up. He'd go play off the ball. Yeah he could do whatever And that's what he do with the Boston Celtics right now. He don't even play point guard. Nah. And obviously Dame is a hall of famer but that trade alone fucked up the Eastern conference 'cause Drew Holiday was not supposed to be on that Celtics team bro. Nope. Now the Celtics look like they ain't gonna never lose bro. I think they need to gimme some money for that. Yeah, that's, I legit called that. You did. You said it on wax too. No you did because honestly if that trade doesn't happen then Dame probably goes to Miami. Yeah, yeah. I mean so obviously the heat they get the adjustment they're looking for but man the shelters don't look like they got to lose.


They they they good for a couple years bro. And I think, I think the ideal of Damon Giannis fit and like everybody like ooh that two man game's going to be ridiculous. But that's not how Giannis play. He's not a traditional pick and pop pick and roll player. Yeah he can do that. But Gianni's the type of dude to tell you to come set the screen. Yeah he pushing the ball and I'm not lying. He told me to set the screen. I said what the fuck he the point guard bro. Him tell you to set the screen. He set the screen and pop. Man all man knew my time was up. Can you play like this? Nah, Giannis telling the PG to come set the screen as well. They do though. Go watch the game. Giannis gotta play. He gotta play with a point guard like Drew Holiday 'cause he need the ball bro.


Now I ask what type of superstar would y'all think is ideal for Giannis? 'cause obviously if things don't work out this year, he gone. That's pretty much right on the wall. What is a, a fit for him but what team fits Giannis or you think that could he could make it work? Shit the Warriors. That would be cheating. I would be cheating. He have to go to a team like, but I'm here for it like Yeah because Steph, Steph not traditional point guard. Yeah Steph play off the ball. He'd have to go play with a person like that. Like even though I compare Dame and Steph all the time, Dame is a ball dominant point guard. Like he make plays for other people. Yeah. He can play off the ball with another perimeter player who plays similar to him and can make plays and give him some shots too.


Right. Gianni's not like that. He not a traditional big so you gotta find a guard who's not like a traditional point guard. Yep. Like he couldn't play with a Lalo. No, no. Anybody that need the ball, he can't play with Luca can't play with Ja. No. Oh no. No they can't play with nobody. They need the ball bro. They gotta be able to play like ball. They gotta be, drew Holiday was the perfect point guard for him. Perfect. That's why they had success. Damn. I can't think of nobody else. That's kind of like a, like he could play with like Derrick White now. Yeah he could play with like Derrick, all that type of shit. Yeah. Perfect. So if you're the Bucks And you want to keep him, obviously you gonna probably have to move Dam but like what piece do you get to make Yiannis happy?


It is just like fuck it, I'm just gonna rock out by myself and Tom gone. Sometimes the best, the best shit you got is but you had Mm Yeah sometimes preach not real talk your shit. Ain't that in my soul nigga That's a Oh man. SBA cadaver. Nah for real. It's crazy. Like everybody wanted, You know Drew the get leave Chris to leave, break up their team, do all that and they ain't had no real success since then.


I ain't saying him and Dame won't. I mean they had, they got injured last year but it is gonna be a lot of pressure on this year. Dam aint thought he was about to be getting a pick and roll, he won't be pro rolling hitting the pocket pass. He ain't get none of that and niggas on dam on the corner. That's crazy. Hey watch out boy. I got you. I mean I don't know we talked to him man. He said they can win it so shit They, they got the talent it I mean but he got Dam got Play. Nah but he was like talking to us like bro I'm telling y'all we we clicking and then now I mean just gotta play at a super, super high level because if he's not making shots, if he's not scoring it's gonna be so tough and the shots that he gotta make are so tough he can make 'em but they're tough.


He can but they tough. Yeah and he, You know he Damon special, he one of them guys but it's just Gianni's playing with y'alls is just different man it just different. Oh one of the things you talk about this buck scene we get off the subject is you talked about Andre Jackson's like contribution to that team. Yeah his minutes is all gone 'cause of Kyle Kuzma. Yeah and cool shot seven 16 yesterday five for 13 from three. But if Cools ain't like hooping like hooping hooping or finder group of this team, it is gonna be ugly for them to get. Yeah that extra boost they need 'cause they can't rely on Brook Lopez all the time. But you obviously capable but you can't rely on that. You know why you need a Andre Jackson though is 'cause he make Dame jobs so much easier. Like I'm a guard the best perimeter player.


Right. But I also can push the ball I 'cause he fast as shit. He athletic as hell. He can pass. He can dribble. He just can't shoot at all. But he do the small things like those extra shots that Dame need. He a dribble hand that shit off. Yeah throw it back to Dame Damon get that shot. Well Kyle Kuzma, he shooting at me that's going up. Gary Trent growing up, all of them was going up And you need those guys to score or whatever but he just made them little plays and like them little things that them extra possessions that they wanted. He was getting them people like him. Him make championship teams bro. Yeah, yeah. Do all the extra shit. Yeah. I would like to see a reporter on this Bucks team about the in the first half and how they translate to the second half.


'cause if you hitting first half, y'all just keep swinging Bull when they go one for two, one for three in that first half, that second half they are a easier team to guard 'cause you only know it's gonna be game or him. Yeah man They gonna be straight in the playoffs man. I mean yeah they got two. It depend on who they play Hall of Famers. We we we giving them too much hack now. Nah, It's okay. I mean it's time Bro. It's only the, it's Too early Y'all. It ain't, it ain't that many games left. Yeah, they ain't capable team for sure bro. But they, I mean Kick Ass bro. They got two hall of Famers on their team. I don't know bro. I'm not so the way that they play at the end of games is so crazy that they could possibly lose some games they shouldn't lose. All right. I mean like you said they got Damion. It's always enough for sure. But shout to the Bucks man.


Yeah, moving on. Shout to beat next yesterday 1 0 4 to 96. JT and JB didn't play. Didn't matter anyway. Pingus had 25 or 13. Derrick White had 18 D Low showed up at 18 to seven as well. Pingus became the 10th player in NBA history to have 900 blocks and 900 threes in his career. That's crazy that he's even a sales seat. I mean I really don't see nobody beating him bro. I ain't gonna lie. Like how Yeah he, he don't even play for months and just come back and do shit like this 13 like how to had those career numbers right there And you probably played missed three years. Yeah. In your career. All the games he'd missed. He probably missed three years. Yeah. It's like dang he was a special talent my boy. And to have him just in the tuck.


That is crazy. They on the Celtics. That's true. That's Legit. That trade is crazy too. Like why is true holiday on the Celtics bro? What is going on? Yeah, He like to play 400. What did he play? 4 93 games? Yeah, He's probably missed 4 93 And I have 900 blocks and 4 93. That's crazy. Pretty, pretty good career. And he left two scenes that really could have used them now. Which is crazy. The Knicks and also the Mavs. That's crazy. The Mavs would love him right now. What? But he also, well the Knicks, he got hurt but he was killing in New York killing now he's just on the super like they are really a super team on the Louis Z Keys. You have, he lead players all around bro. They are a super team bro.


Yeah, like even look at they rookie, come on man. He, he played 18 minutes offseason. He got 20 point games. 13 in the fourth 30th pick. They play all year. Shout to young Baylor. That nigga's averaging a dub shooting 48% And that's your starting five 60 games missed 260 games bro. Those stats would be crazy. So he would have a thousand, a thousand in both of those situations. Already Surpassed that. That's only a hundred more. I was just being generous in the situation. Yeah you one of the one. Yeah he Coach but you get your 30th pick in the draft. Rookie getting 20 points 13 and a fourth. It's just something they got over there in player development that's just working out.


And shout out to my guy. He got the I right? Yeah. Oh yeah, he, he know how to pick teams. He putting the teams together. He see good, he can see the players that they need and he draft well yeah like all they draft picks been like in the last couple years been successful. Like Peyton Prichard, even when they grant Williams, he was good for them. Yeah like Pretty is the Brad Stevens guy for sure. Oh man. Throwing and through Facts Like even trading to get Derrick White like when it happened it was like why would you trade here and then You know make a tough decision to trade Marcus Smart who was a Celtic through and through to make that trade people was kind of upset at first.


And then to see what it turned out to be. Nobody said a word since at all dog. The fact that he got Luke Cornett giving them crazy minutes on a consistent basis bro contributions as well. Yeah. Yeah they talking about he was gonna take the IU job. For what? For what? For what? For what? I'm out here playing NBA 2K in real life bro. I ain't about to go deal with that. Crazy. This fan base I'm building, I'm building crazy teams right now. I'm building dynasties bro. Like Xavier Tillman played a role last year in their championship. Facts. He's just sitting on the bench waiting. Right. Tory Craig on the bench waiting, waiting. They got squad, they got a super squad for sure man. Yeah it's gonna get real ugly man. But the Celtics are pretty good man. They definitely have a strong chance to repeat for sure. Your clips gotta win yesterday.


Beat him. You called it Seven outta the last eight. Beat the Cavs yesterday. 1 32 to one 19 while we're crazy. 33, 7 be gone Big 28 and 20. The Cavs is too. Just too little. Ain't Tar had 2219 too little. Yeah Garland and Mitchell ain't getting 25 to 30 bro. They they can't compete bro. Yeah D 28 and 20. Yeah from Zoo I mean had a, a throwback game, You know what I'm saying? And then add Kawa Freaky claw. Freaky claw, crazy zoo back be killing killing he be hooping bro. For Real bro. Zoo. Oh he one of the ones bro. Yeah. Old school big too.


Yeah High elbows, high rebounds put backs. I like him up there with a lot of the top talent man. I told y'all he top five man. Come on, shout to my boy. Ben Simmons was a plus minus sister at 17. What he do? Oh for one. Hey that's good 'cause he don't even shoot. He did, he didn't shoot for one shot Bro. Sorry man. Ty Lewis just, this is just, he ea he seven shots bro On the pot like we talking about bad me, him was like, he gonna be good next year nigga. He gonna Be give him time bro. He Is a 10 year ve We gotta treat him like a child bro. You know you break your legs, you gotta learn how to walk again. I think he gonna retire bro.


That Nah bro. Five, five and six bro. Come on man. Doing When I knew his problem. Triple Single man. He is Ass bro. It's not as bro. You getting tired bro. Hey don't zoom in like that because both of them zeros look bad. Come On man. They playing 50 minutes in the game man. My niggas only getting in 13 bro. He should be getting less than that. He playing a quarter every time bro. I think he gonna retire bro. Yeah it is over. Nah, he ain't gonna retire but it's over. I need Ben Simmons to have a crazy play bro. See in play Fresh as team. Don't worry They, they're not gonna accept him. Record the show all the time. So y'all had that same energy. What? When he get in the playoffs? Akil. Well I'm gonna give you year though.


That's what you ing on. He, he won our project buddies. Hey I want Ben Simmons to have a crazy first round. I don't know if clip is gonna get out, but I want him to hoop first round and get a bag and do the same shit. He only get, Oh he's never getting a bag again. Want to shut it down again? Give him 10 million year and then he be all cool. He never getting in a bag again. Oh, they give him 10 million a year. The league gonna flip upside down. I'm coming. I'm coming back. Trust you Back. Get 10 a year. I'm coming back because y'all showing love. Y'all doing anything.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method to send the money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Hey it's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I speak with California governor Gavin Newsom. I Watch Fox, I pay attention. Newsmax one American News. I don't turn my back to the critics, but there is a sort of California derangement syndrome out there that is just sort of ridiculous. This notion that this is the only state that has challenges. It's just comedic but it's damaging. We record breaking tourism last year. We have a surplus again. We have a state with population growing again. You wouldn't know that that's not prevalent. It's not part of the discussion. It's been Engulfed by the Fires, it's been engulfed in the fires. It's, You know, it's a failed state, You know California. But for me, I, You know, it's pride for me again as a guy who lives here who cares about the state, is to make a case anew for it. And I'm a little Clint Tony about it. There's nothing wrong with it. It can't be fixed with what's right with it. Listen to the new season of, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right man. Possible one a matchup. The thunder verse Clippers. I don't know if they can win that series, but they got some hella players on they clipper side and make it a little bit difficult. They can, they can scare him a Little bit. Yeah, Kaw can get going I guess so you could play ka Kawhi look like he look last night we be all right on the four game win streak right now. James Hart still cold. Hey come on. He hit Mobley with that. I actually don't know if they want that. They might not want that bro. And what's crazy is too many Vets, bro. They a two game win streak from being in the sixth spot. James Hart man he, he's so good at basketball and they got big zu to deal with that KC team. I feel like James Hart in shape all the way Really too. He never in shape no more. He still be killing bro. Yeah, like his knees hurt like they hurting a little bit and he's still just cold.


He be nasty Bro. My boy be getting that bitch up. Yeah, he he be missing now but, and Bovis hooped out yesterday. Perfect. I told you remember. Oh no, let's go back to our convo. What you remember when I said I said moved out? No, no, no. You remember I was like they got bogey and he was like what the fuck bogey. You remember saying yeah that's a great, I was like they got bog like bogey. That's 'cause you was disrespect pa Day. What? Saying what you say about Louisville Champ and shit. Every what? Hey don't compare him to a championship organization. That's disrespect Louis. We more MP than shout Man. Nah, that's a quality player bro. MP mpc Man. And shout out to Nick Platoon still getting run.


Yeah, that's crazy. Patty Mills DP, he's still in the league. I seen Cory Joseph the other day. Shout out to old heads. Getting bad Good guys man. Good guys for sure. Alright. Does this say much about the Cavs? Yeah, we better than them. Yeah right. Here we go. Whatcha talking about What it do say though is like I said earlier in a week in previous shows, if they don't combine for 50 points it's quiet. It's gonna be a tough game. Yeah, You spoke on that first for sure. Yeah. Yeah that's a lot. That's not a good sign then y'all gotta get 50 every night. Yeah, that's not good sign. We win the playoffs. Donovan Mitchell and old buddy got a Darius Garland got combined for 50 plus because Darius Garland will go out there and get you 12.


I'm saying Yeah. And that's when they gonna lose. If they don't combine for 50 it's gonna be a rough one. 'cause in the playoffs, You know what I'm saying? The role players, they don't always be as good as they are in the regular season. That's a fact. If you out here baking on Todd Jerome then get should the promised it might get smooth Fact. Good thing about the Cavs though. They out east so they cool. They straight. They Gotta play somebody second round bro. I mean Yeah, but I'm saying the first round, hopefully they, You know. Yeah We ain't worried about the first round with them. We worried about that second. Yeah. When they get to that Knicks or Celtics situation or Buck Act it Could get other, I think the CS could beat the Knicks. They Beat the Knicks. Think So. Yeah, They gotta, for 20, 20 50 points they gonna to. I really agree with Mo on that because Jaylen Bronson Is coming back. They gotta get 25 a piece. Yeah. It's the best thing that ever happened to Jalen Brunson.


They, he gotta gotta sit out. Yeah he needs some rest. Yep. Yeah, because why do T refuse to give people rest? He really do though. If you go look at they minutes, they don't play a lot. They just don't miss games. Bridges is complaining. He gotta be playing too much. He's complaining because he don't ever miss games. I'd be like, bro I need, I have not missed a game my whole career. I need Rich. Yeah that's him. I mean most people, he didn't play 800 games in a row. I don't know how many games he put. He didn't play like 500 games in a row. Something like that. Damn. Like you're, you're Whiling. Yeah you some piece of Yeah. Yeah you're whiling. It is not tibs fake injury bro. So if you going ing, that's cool. If you wanna play 500 games in a row and your average minutes is 36 minutes a game.


Yeah you probably are tired Because you locked in your bag. You straight. Yeah, I don't sit down but he want Have a record for most games played. I ain't mad at him because that's what you're supposed to play. They pay you to play but he don't miss no games. He don't miss no game. Yeah. Because if you gonna start complaining then like just sit down my nigga. 'cause you can in this, He's never missed a game. He has never missed a gas. And did you see Tib though in the interview? He said oh we did not have a conversation. He said he was flip And tell What year is this now? And why would Tims ever say sit down bro. His job? Yeah, he trying to win. You one of my best players bro. Yeah. I don't Care if you die. I love it. You won A hoop. Nacho said it. Hey Tim, say hey, I'm trying to win every game.


Every game. I just count. All you gotta do is count over there Carry the one. I mean you could have counted the years Facts. Is that hard to find? What year Here is on my soul, I ain't gonna tell you how to do your job. I mean you had it all. You gotta look up Mike, Mike Bridges stats and then we just count. Well Mikel Bridges in 2018, Seven years. Alright, There you go. King Say 2008. Alright. That boy ain't missed a game in seven years. Yeah, that's crazy bro. That's a lot of games, bro. Yeah. Bro. Yeah. Yeah. I bet you are tired. That's too much basketball. Yeah. Then they sent him to t, said, boy, you ain't gonna never get no rest.


Yeah, but he only played 36 minutes. What's his average, what minute does he play That look? Like I said 41. Did he play what? What's his average? 32. That's it. Like 32 minutes a game. Damn bro. I wish they definitely say 32. Damn. I don't know bro. I wouldn't complain when you could just ask. He Complain about 32. That nigga said put me down to 24. Ain't no way he 32 is regular. It's gotta be more than that. Nah, 24. You only plan a half. I giving you that dollars. 32. He might, he gotta play like 37 in a game. Yeah. Yeah. We'll figure it out to be complaining. He gotta be playing 38, 39. Well I just think you can go to t. Well hey man, just hand me bro ain't hand me man.


You can, You know what I mean? Go on. Sit down brother. But it's all good for sure man. Shout out to them now. The Hawks beat the sleeve off the horny yesterday. 1 34 to 1 0 2 built a ass situation for sure. Trey Young were crazy with 31 to eight. And Dyson Daniels DPOY candidate loading up 22 points, seven miles, seven assists, three steals. He's already won it bro. 192 steals passing. Ricky Rub above most steals since oh nine. Damn. He won man. Yeah, he should Win. Yeah, when he passed Chris Paul was like, yeah it's his. So, Yeah, young is so cold bro. I been saying that one of the coldest bro, that don't get his just they don't like him bro. Why they don't like Him? Where do you rank him in the league? In pgs. He Top five. Mm okay.


He Over mean Look at his stats bro. They, he over the mellow over me. They got mad when I said that. He is better than Lalo. All right man. Lalo has done nothing. All the Melo do is get numbers bro. Talk be here. Oh he Does get stats. That's what we do bro. He ain't play no meaningful basketball. Tre Young got some great wins bro. Les, He has. I'm gonna give, I get out Playoffs right Now. I'll get an out track. You four 11 bro. I get an outta track portion on the Playoffs. Cancun on three. They can't wait. They are in Cancun right now. They had to stretch. They losing about 30 every game. They don't even practice. No they don't even, they do nothing. They just show up.


They don't got film. Shoot around. Yeah, we 17 to 51. I'm gonna go ahead and get a nod Troy. I ain't fucked up about it. 17 to 51 Because trading didn't play with a lot of remix teams too. That's why I give him the upper hand too. The Fucked up part is we give the Wizards a lot of hell. They records is not that far from the Hornets. They ain't, but they Aint nobody talk about Though got 15 like I don't even know why we need to talk like that. I hate both of them. Niggas Hate them passionately. The Wizards ain't even try and they still got the same amount of wins as the Hornets. That's nasty Work for sure. Shout out to my boy. The hos Ain't tried either bro. They having fun bro. It's lit. They having a ball. They tanking bro. Every year. Yeah niggas got. Niggas got Talent bro. Tank.


I think they gonna get Cooper too. That's what's gonna be so Cool. They all these, they got talent bro. Least Don't get Cooper. I think they gonna get Cooper. They get Cooper gone bro. Yeah, Lalo gone. You Clipper? Nah, Cooper. Yeah he gonna turn Cooper. The B Rad man. I swear to God. Yeah he gonna have gold. I mean I already seen him iced out on the Duke bench though. Oh yeah, The 32 iced out. He already on that can Rre link over the Durag. He got on Hornets bro. He gonna be real wicked out there in them Charlotte Streets for sure. Alright man. Some games tonight. Wanna see how I feel about him. Mavs and Pacers. Hey, I don't like the Energy Pacers for sure There Pacers. There we go. But he ain't get off that Spence go crazy on him nigga.


He might man it's not enough. Rockets at Magic. Rockets Magic. I'll take the magic. I'm gonna take the magic as well. Pistons at Heat Piston Pistons, pistons, pistons? Yeah. Mm. Get well something to the heat. They on the A game Loose Street. So we gonna get our first win heat. Okay. Turn up Pelicans at TW tt. That's gonna be a ridiculous game so I'm tuning into that for sure. 76 ERs at Thunder. Thunder. Yeah. Thunder set out. Yeah. Chill out bro. Yeah. Knicks at Spurs. Knicks. Knicks? Yeah. Wizards at Jazz. No don't matter. Tubby. Yeah, no Tuby Classic loading up.


Yeah. Go watch the playing games Nuggets at Lakers games. Walker Games. Kesler gonna get dunked on the Tonight Walker. Kessler Get Well Soon Loaded nigga. Nigga gonna dunk on him tonight. Drawing Pool Cram on that nigga Boy. Nuggets. Nuggets at Lakers we gotta be in. I got The Lakers. I Like the Lakers too. Okay, I'm gonna go Nuggets. We got Nuggets Bulls at Sons Son Man Bulls And the Bulls always win games. We don't pick it up. I'm gonna show respect. Kobe White, fresh Eyes, game Blow. Nah, I'm Son Sons Josh get free real high. Fuck it. Grizzlies at Blazers. Grizz Blazers. Blazers. Blazers is these sneaky winning games bro.


Your brother been high. The Blazers. I like the Blazers bro. Winning games Bro. We been high. Right. Grizz is gonna beat they ass bro. Y'all tripping. Hey Take that over for De Bay Night for sure. Last and not least, Cavs at Kings Cavs. Cavs? Yeah. What? So, alright, Verified Buckets be here. Who's getting to it yesterday? Zac man. Yes. 28 20. Yes he was. That's a, that's a lens slide for me. Cute respect Mo. Who you got you? Me Trey, 31 8. Getting into it one by 30. Tre. Yeah, that's hard For sure. T who you got? I'm gonna go with Zenga man. We haven't seen him play in years and he somehow he just comes off outta nowhere and just 25 and 13.


They just cheating man. Yeah, they're definitely cheating for sure. Last but not least. Shout said Kauai man. 33 and seven. Play off Kauai back for show super chat. Nana goes to as on Club five 20 in the Morning. Two shows me. What kick would you wear in college? Gimme the mellow twelves at UNC. Looking forward to that drop again. Low twelves are fire. Which ones you talking about? The white ones or the black ones? Either way. They both are smoke for sure. Money D 96 asks what's the finals mup y'all want to see And do you see any surprise runs in this year's playoffs? Finals. Man that's tough. I like to see Lakers Celtics. Celtics but I think it's gonna be Denver Nuggets and the Celtics.


I seen Stephen a said Cavs versus Lakers. That'd be fire if LeBron went there and beat the Cavs at the crib. Oh that would be fire if LeBron James gets the NBA championship beating Cleveland Cavaliers bro that would be time for conversation bro. That would be hard. He ready to go and he win it in Cleveland. Woo. That'd be crazy bro. Cleveland Leveland nah to good if he the poor Cleveland people like that bro. That's crazy. Then Brian gotta move back. He done fucked that city up too many times. If he get another championship in Cleveland bro against them. That's crazy. That'll be fire. That'd be fire bro. Lakers, reverse Cs would be a fire. I think it's gonna be Thunder Celtics. Yeah. Yeah that'd be nice. Might go State might make the finals bro. Oh okay. Move you cooking.


They might bro. Whatever. Right now they have they 40 right. They can't get to five without a crazy weird streak and I don't see the Grizzlies losing that place. That's not a bad take. I think they can get it done if they get to the seven seed I think they can beat the Rockets 'cause they just young and they experience, I don't know if they can beat the Nuggets 'cause they got Yolk. Yeah but they got Steph Curry bro. That Jimmy Butler. That's a Steph Thomas. Steph tired though. That's why he rested Baby we be ready. Steph said he tired boss we be ready. That's why we butler hold it down. He said I'm tired Boss too. Damn bad. Jimmy ain't tired. Jimmy said I half the year fast. Oh yeah he been on PT all year for sure. Jimmy is ready for this moment. Yeah he good For sure.


Alright, Get Well Soon be here. Who needs some encouragement this morning? Evan Mobley. Well he was on that island. He get lonely on that island brother. What was worse that or what's the boy that got drafted number four by the timber wolves that fell. Wesley Johnson. Oh Wesley Westley Wesley Johnson. This is, I think this worse right here. 'cause Evan Mobley known as a defender. Bow Bow Old School. Huh? Huh? Ooh Bow. Look at he just, he looked like a child. Yeah he just quit. He he quit. He said this nigga got four counters bro. Just go get a bucket. Hey bro. He like a kid right there And you hooping in my old shoes nigga. That's the fire part. I got all my new shoes.


You got on my old ones and I cooks. You dang. Nah, look at, look at James though. Why he make the layup? Huh? Come back. Huh? Huh? Watch what you do. Oh my God. No man. What? No you gotta look when you start running Donvan Mitchell should be on Get Well Soon too for having two different types of shoes all at the same time. Even though you have your own signature shoe. That's nasty work as well. Come here. Hey that guitar is so cold. Yeah, he cold. One of the the best to ever do a Teague. Who you got? He ho's lose by 30 for the 12 time in 15 games.


Hos Ho Stink bro. Not even the wi I mean the Wizards had a crazy losing streak but they ain't even having a step like that. But they got 30 Ball 12 in last bit. Team bro. Come on bro. You guys like Charles Lee is my, Charles Lee is my guy, bro. I hate y'all going through that. But I told y'all this maybe two weeks ago. I said the Hornets be getting murdered. They do. They don't give a fuck. We saw that though. They lost about 40, 52 35 Getting slaughtered, Bro. So they're, they're purposely taken, bro. Yeah Bro, look at that score. One 30 to 88 and that Was to the Blazers. We better than them. Yeah. Ball by Blazer. 1 41, 1 41 88 and then a one 30 to 88 Y'all.


Yeah. Y'all being messy. Back to back game bro. Y'all being messy. This ain't supposed to be on YouTube. Listen. Three in a row, sorry to the Hornets organization. We now snitching Favorite team go back down from February 22nd we 25th. We beat the, we're getting the KA scores. We meet the 88 1 41 88, 1 30 92 Over there is the Hornets organization where Trying Bro King beat the shit outta they lost to the Wizards by 13. Bro, that nigga's gotta stop telling bro. Y'all fucking up to play. This Is, is ly just beat the, this is crazy bro. Man. They're Chris Mill stay play offseason and came back and whoop y'all all that's crazy. Oh Man.


So Last one, search like least Get Well Soon to Kanye West. Oh my God. Yeah. We ain't gonna talk about what he got going on, but it, it is sad to see man play false, false prophets today, man. About j Cole. It's ugly to see. Alright man, listen, we appreciate y'all, we will be back on Monday same time. What about Kanye West seen this? It was like no tough five 20 that week ass show to give what? It wouldn't be the worst thing. He said the last one Wire. So Nah, he on that. Say Turn this motherfucker up on me. Hey, y'all taking the Kanye interview today? No. Okay. Okay. He gonna get you canceled. We already done worse, but on that note, we'll be back next time. Five 20 in the Morning. I'm cool.


The Volume,


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast Dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I speak with California Governor Gavin Newsom. Is there any chance of increased tax breaks for the movie business? We're gonna double it. You are. I proposed that a few months ago and that was right before the fires. What do the fires only reinforce? Right. The imperative. And also working with all our friends. You know, the, the who's who of Hollywood saying it's time to double down on bringing production back to California, particularly this time of recovery and renewal. I said to my legislative friends, I'm said, there's no budget. I'll veto the budget. If we don't get it done, it's gonna get done. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Go miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boogie Thomas Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut. Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.