
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where Designer Shoe Warehouse comes in. Loving Wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek low profile sneakers, obsessed with the sheer trend. Try it with mesh flats, peeling boho comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW


On April 18th, centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17. Not admitted without parent


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a full house this morning. We got Bishop Teague. Five 20 Mook Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What up? What up though man? It was a crazy night in the basketball world man. Yesterday. Let's get straight to it. Michael Malone got fired yesterday from the Nuggets. They also let go of the gm. Man I I don't think anybody saw this coming yesterday. What y thoughts about that? I didn't see that coming. The NBA is getting wicked bro. You Trey Luca Fire Taylor Jenkins Now Mike Malone a championship coach. What? They won a 2023. Yeah. Two years removed from a championship.


That's crazy. That's Crazy. The timing is crazy too. Like playoffs about to start. Like what are y'all doing? That sucks man. Find your head coach three A before the playoffs is crazy and obviously they were a two game stretch away from probably being the three, maybe two seed in the situation. Yeah, if you look at the standard out west. Yeah we know they been having a little bit of an issue going on. They ought on the four game losing streak. A four way tie. Yeah. Which is crazy. But two wins or maybe a win actually pushed them at You know, third place. Imagine firing your coach. Yeah. And then we just talked about the Grizzlies. Taylor, Jens getting fired. The Grizzlies was like what? They started off at two. Oh they had a little bit of a lost streak as well. But man, like you said, ain't nobody safe in the NBA no more.


It is crazy. Nah, it's kind of wild. And Mike Malone, I think he had a great rapport with all the guys. I think his problems with the upper management, I think they wanted him to play certain people and he was just, I'm gonna play my guy. So I think that deserve to play. And that's the thing about the NBAI told you it's always a money, the upper management, it's never coaching. You never can just freely coach unless you pop. Yeah, I seen Calvin Booth was, he was upset about him playing Russell Westbrook a lot. I'm like Russ been playing good this year. Yeah, Young talent. He had a real problem with that. So, But we talk about all the time, like I said, the business of basketball, them GMs gotta look right. Them GMs gotta look shine so they want their guys to play.


I get it. Yeah. Yeah. But he signed Russ. He brought Russ there on the steal. But the thing is, You know Russ is playing well maybe you want to bring Russ back but now Russ gonna be worth instead of that 4 million you got him for, he might be needing eight 10. So he know that like you giving him too much pt. Man. They said it was that game though when he missed that layup. Yeah, they said everything kind of blew up after that. They got wicked in the locker room. Yeah, it like he shouldn't even been in. Which is crazy. Like I can't, I'm one bad player, I've been playing good all year bro. I miss one shot now and I'm Russ. Why it's always Russ's fault for everything. Let's talk. I don't like how they treat him bro.


Yeah The Lakers fan base really started that shit off. I ain't gonna lie. But Russ had a a great year, You know what I'm saying? He had a couple fluffer incidents but he is had a great year bro. But he's just a such a polarizing player that you kind of, even though he took a step back Like You know he coming off the bench, he doing things, he's being a good, he always been a great teammate. All his teammates love him. But You know he took a step back but he's such a guy that he like mellow like you got Russ on your bench. People gonna be like put West fuck in. Why you ain't put him in? And that's the effect I think they were having in Denver. Yeah. You know maybe some of these young guys needed an opportunity he was playing. Well dude had a triple double one time.


Come on bro. He was playing good whatever his name was. What's his name? The backup guard young guy? Yeah Pickens. Something like that. That's who he wanted. Yeah, Pickens was playing well he had a triple double but when you got Russell Westbrook over there, the king, you can't really justify why Pickens is playing over Russell Westbrook. Yeah. Don't sound That's true. True. Like, You know what I mean? It is like y'all gonna keep playing this Pickens cal over Westbrook and Westbrook not playing bad. Yeah it just kind of, it's kind of tough. And like when they went on that streak And you were one of the first people I saw me, they were just like maybe Aren Gordon should come off the bench because Russell's playing so well. But then you go from that to play the yo talent, it gets spooky but then you got Aren go making $40 million a year.


That was definitely, no that's not, that's not gonna work. So he was in a tough position And I think Mike Malone had a good post on this team. But maybe not. Maybe he, You know what I mean? Maybe not. It's Crazy. It's almost like they was just waiting for anything to happen 'cause they having a good year. Yeah, they lost a couple games in a row and it's like you gone, They said they wanted to fire him in 2023. Yeah but He won to Chip. Yeah. So that's crazy bro. That's kinda like with Bud. Yeah same situation. And then I saw some reports on how Tri are they said they were looking to move on from open to off season anyway. Which I mean I get it cool but damn like the playoffs is next week bro. Give him a chance. They just are scared that they might make a run And you, they gotta keep him again.


Man, he a hell of a coach. He must have really been pissing some people off bro. 'cause he had, he's great Coach. Yeah they said him. They said him and Kvu didn't rock with each other at all. But they say ownership, they butted heads. But I wanna ask y'all a question. Do y'all think Joker signed off on this? Nah, he don't have nothing to do with this. He, He, he, he really, he said he liked Mike Malone a lot bro. Okay. So I don't think so. I mean I know we talk about most times in these situations you don't make a a drastic move without, You know what I'm saying, star playing knowing that You know, some of these owners don't give a damn about these star players obviously we seen with the Lucas situation. Is this a new NBA team? Yeah they don't, they didn't talk to Yoic Yoic and You know he not even one of those guys. Mm. He just gonna come and hoo. Yeah he don't care. He don't wanna win MVP let alone who cares. What if I don't wanna win MVP?


What do I care about my team, like who's running the team? Who coaching the team? I'm just gonna do my job. He's literally one of the dudes that just do his job. And I feel that. But he probably did wake up like bro the playoffs is tomorrow. Like what are we doing? Nah. Yeah Like come on. I mean yeah he probably like the timing like in The summer. In the summer y'all farm. Cool bro. But like come on bro. I yeah, I'm big on that time is just horrible bro. Y'all damn near coulda won the west. Yeah, probably could have. They probably, that's probably why they fired him. You can't, you can't fire dude the west. I mean that has to be a reason. It makes sense. I can't, you can't be here next year. You, you might win the west bro. Yeah And we look super crazy. That just sounds so wild bro. But like I told Bud after you went shit, I know my success is crazy.


I told Bud after you won a championship it's time to, it's time to go. My boy don't sign back like it's time to go to Pacers wherever you wanted to go it's time to leave 'cause you can't do it again. Yeah. Damn you ain't running it back. Have you ever seen the coach leave after getting a chip? Nah, 'cause most people get an extension. Never said that. But you knew you was on your last leg like they was, they hated you. Like he was on your last leg. You just just won this. Yeah, I see what you're saying. You you won this magical championship, everything went right for you to win championship. That's a fact. And You know like me, if I know I'm about to get fired And we win championship, I'm gonna leave.


Yeah. And I'm gonna get a fire job and everybody gonna be like damn he left after the chip. Yeah. Like yeah I could tell y'all the truth. They was about to fire me. That's shit's crazy to me. Like what is it about at this point I'm winning. I got boys hooping. It Is deeper than that bro. It's just internal beef. I don't fuck with you. Yeah, I don't like you bro. I don't like that. Is this business or is this personal though? It's personal. This is personal. I'm winning. I'm saying what It is supposed to be business though. This is a business. Well Business smokers when they didn't resign KCP and You know what I'm saying? The Bruce Brown situation. So Mike Mul was kind of tight like you didn't even gimme a chance to run it back. That's, I think that's a lot of they they static came from. Oh That's a fact though. He he he had a great team. Y'all didn't bring my pieces back. We just won. What are we doing?


Owners didn't wanna pay the tax. See that's what you seen with around the league bro. Do you wanna win? You Wanna win? I I don't, that's what I'm saying, like if I'm an owner, yeah I wanna win. Some people are real sports fans. Ballmer. Yeah Clippers. I'm a sports fan. I wanna win. That's Why I wanna play for it bro. Yeah I work, we're crazy. I work 20 billion. I'm a real sports fan though so I wanna win. Some of these guys are just in it for business. They enjoy like well some of 'em was like yo, this is my kid's hobby. Like the the Hawks guys. He was like, my kids like it. I mean respect. 'cause it is business. That's a flex too. But he did, he told me when he first bought the team he was Like You know I'm not much into basketball. My kids like it. That's fire to be able to That's what he told.


That's a d that's I told the group And we was like damn it's kids like and then I love the Hawks shit. The hawks are great people but his kids all through the organization. Some are scout on scout team and some people are up in the upper management whatever. His two boys. They really cool guys. But yeah, it was for his kids. And that's interesting 'cause Mark Cuban was talking about that. He said the reason why I saw the team is my, my kids didn't want this. And he said I ain't about to do all this shit now I'm on it. Lemme take this bread. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? So it was like I, mark Cuban was a sports guy but my kids fan addict. My kids not but it makes sense 'cause it is business so I'm gonna make the right business money. And Then in his situation he talked about it. He said Listen y'all mad at me. He said I was the best owner of sports every years I didn't make money. He was just like I spent so much money into the team, the, the hospitality.


All them other owners pocket that bread. That's why you don't see it. Yeah. He's like but why for y'all ungrateful friends. Nah, nah it's business for me now. Yeah, I get it now. Last question off this topic. Y'all think it's a an opportunity for yo to leave? Is he gonna stay put? Nah. Or is this his way to get get off he want to? Nah, nah nah, Nah. If he leaves there the Charlotte Hornets I feel like he don't even wanna leave. He probably, he over School. He probably got a crib there with some horses in the back. Yeah he Probably, he not into all that other stuff bro. Yeah like it is Whatever. He just back bro. He leaves right after the season's over. Yeah. Like bro he don't even Yeah bro I chop chop it right here bro. Yeah he don't care bro. Can't wait to retire bro. He look like he cannot wait to retire. He care about, he like enjoys playing basketball but he does not care about none of the other stuff like give me my bread.


Yeah. And I'm gonna go home, don't talk. I wanna see my horses bro. Yeah he might be the first person to take his hall of Fame speech on Zoom bro. Like hey I'm not pulling up right off on his horse. Thank that would be far. Thank you. I appreciate y'all. They say he smiles more when he watches his horse race than he do winning the NBA championship. That's how boy he is illegal. I've been killing you niggas for so long bro. I'm just trying play with my buddy bro. Maybe, maybe this ain't his passion. They say he had, they say he had a party celebrated went crazy when they won the horse championship. That's Didn't see it online with him. They and them beers and shit. Eric Gordon Pulled up, they had pictures and everything. That music was crazy. This big ass and there jumping up and down.


He said they were the championship. He Said how that nigga was in the bubble I made you go home brother. He said he won the championship. He told everybody he ready to go home. Yes bro. Where my brother at bro? It's time to party. Hey just 'cause you good at something don't mean it's your passion bro. That's true about it bro. That's very true. Most definitely. Alright, speaking of good at it. How y'all feel about the new job celebration? Roll the clip. Reach out to my boy Deb Walker for catching this. They say you can't shoot guns. They say nothing but Call of Duty rollouts baby. This is Gilbert Arena's fault. Bang bang. I swear to God Gil, but tell him the videos on my life. I swear. I swear to Said that. That's the best celebration that is fire bro. Ja, I'm back a fan.


Listen look I aint never was not a fan but that celebration if they find you for that bro they, they BA trash right hating if they find because that is, that's they cannot, the NBA is really against you if they fire you for that. Don't that though because what? He threw the bombs away bro because everybody else do it bombs away bro. That's what they say when you shoot three bro. Well he took the pin out though. That's so fly. That's fire bro. The call throw here bro. Throw a bomb and shooting a gun is two totally different things Guys. Well what is actually worse? Bomb, bomb destroy a lot of shit bro. But but you gotta think it is a basketball like when you hit threes they say bombs away. Yeah like bro this stuff is part of the game bro.


I'm Not hating. I'm gonna say y'all what's worse. I just want y to know a bomb is worse than a gun. Most definitely. It's not a, it is. People do bow and arrows at the bench. Yeah bro. Bro shout to West Matthews that was fired. He don't take that serious bro. He moats bro. A nigga shoot you with a bow and arrow. He probably gonna slide to the left. That Another cha cha. That's from that. That's Oh that fire bro. That tough And you don't see kids then he did the three goggles. Yeah that was hard. Yeah that's that all he did. The ears. Yeah bro. Oh it's even more. I thought he did this. That's take shelter bro. You see this Awesome. You're a tourist Ja Wick.


I'm gonna tell you right now man. He need to be on Call of Duty bro. Get the low down. Give Fall though. Give That's a bombs away. That's the hardest celebration Gilbert walk. So Jack could fly 'cause he technician to the next level. He literally Said it on his spot. Man, don't shoot no gun man. Throw a bomb. This is what you get. Nah, that's the hardest celebration of all time. Like a a second runner up for celebration is Rob, Rob Lopez. What he was on? Stir a drink and take a sip. That shit was hard. You said robbing not broke the off. It was robbing Niggas is dope. He said he said he gotta get by Tequila. Ready? I stirred up a little bit. Oh let's go take a shot. Elite celebration Sasha Bob for sure.


Elite Celebration. Alright man let's get straight to it. Yesterday we was on play game Wi It man. Shout to Gils Arena. We watched a great game yesterday. Thunder took care of the electric yesterday. 1 36 to one 20 lead. Hey that's a fire ass celebration. That is a lead for what? That's fire bro. Lead you Hating on the celebrations because oh god. But what did he do to even celebrate that? He three. Oh I got respected that 'cause he don't hit them. That's cool. It was a great Williams. So double He ready? Shout to R Man that's tough For sure. SJ went crazy yesterday with 42 6 and six J Dub had 26 4 and four. Bron had 28 and seven. Austin Reeves had 24.


Luca had 23 while being ejected in the fourth. Now I wanna say this is the 51st win for the thunder that is double digits set the NBA record for anybody downing this team to have 51 double digit wins. You already got 60 wins obviously in the season. They've been whooping as all year. Man, how'd y'all feel about this game yesterday? I mean it's easy. So It was all bad timing by Luca getting injected. That was a terrible ejection by the way. He was talking to a fan who? And they got a history too. Yeah he was just beefing with the fan and the ref got in the way. Thought he was talking to him. Obviously the ref gone apologize or whatever. He ain't gonna apologize. But he definitely probably told Luca my bad.


But once he got ejected and Brian was on the bench, they just went on a run. You know they played them opposite of each other. They always need one of them on the floor. And once they both was gone they just didn't have enough. Not against the Thunder. We talked about it on playback last night. Gil said it was quiet for Chet. How you feel about that be here. I checked him on the show. We come and play off time. He gonna be a different player bro. We just beat the shit outta the Lakers bro. It is what it is. Who next bro? Who next Say oh to the next one. Y'all Needs your whole team to play against us man. So quit getting eject. Do right. Play better. So I got They definitely gonna need everybody to beat them.


Yeah. Oh hands on deck for sure. Definitely. Yeah. Now the super chat money D 96 Acts T Do you think the league will ever hold reps accountable for wrong calls and objections? Last night Gil was just like the head crew chief should do a post game interview, which I think is kind of good and bad but I don't think they going to do too much to reps. How you feel about that? Nah, it's a, it's a imperfect game. Like they not gonna make the right call every time. It's a stressful game. Yeah and it's a stressful job. Like yes you are really judging people off of your eye test. That's the worst job in sports. Yeah, like so you can't like they gonna make mistakes part of the game. Like I think when they mess up, when they go look at the monitor and still get it wrong, that's crazy because I watch the calves birth the Kings bro.


Zach Levine got a layup but he didn't get it off in time and they checked the monitor and still gave him the points and that hurt the calves. I'm like y'all have to get that right bro. Y'all went to the monitor But You know what's even crazier, it is not them at the monitor, it's somebody, whoever it is, it's like another ref watching the game. They like, they probably had a different angle where it was like yeah you got that shit off. Yeah, I agree with you mu I I do like the fact that they've added to where if you go review a play you can go to everything that happens. But they be having certain modific modifications of like, well we can't look at this 'cause this happened first. And he'd be like man that's crazy. Like a layup. We have to get that right bro. You have to get that right. Like the biggest missed call of all time is when KD was out of bounds and saved that ball. Yeah that was nasty that yeah my boy was in the stands and they call out of bound shout out to Rico.


That's what he did the other day. It was at the jail. They was trying to argue the call. But shout out to Rico. Shout out to Rico. That's a random shout out button. Nah, that was a big missed call right there. But they should probably get a fine for some of those things. Yeah, yeah because we get fined for everything when they come out those last reports it'd be like yeah, yeah we fucked up And people like hey bro I couldn't won a game off that. Don't just tell me you messed up 'cause now I'm really bad. Yeah. How's That gonna help Me? Didn't Ray Allen step out or something? Five three? Yeah On that corner three. Yeah. Nah he nah, He nah Bro. Nah nah he did his perk. Have you seen the YouTube video behind that bro? Nah, he practice that shit every day. Nah, birthday married Poetic bro about to top in Bro. He practice that shit every single day. Yeah bro. He lay on the ground, get up and shoot that corner shot every day.


Oh that's hard. Damn Freaky Radio go. He is a different nigga bro. For sure. When I ask y'all this question man, last two games we've seen between Lakers at OKC, how y'all feel about a potential mashup between them two? I'm scared of Luca and LeBron. I'm gonna keep it real. I always think like they just way too good but for some reason OKC is not scared of the Lakers at all. Like there's no fear of bro. And I remember at one point in the league people fear bro and I'm just thinking of LeBron when he was 33, 34, he 40 him little young boys ain't really scared they picking him up full court. Yeah hell, I mean it is hard for me to be scared of a 40-year-old bro. Yeah But it is still bro.


Nah it is But you still 40 bro but I'm, You know I'm still thinking of Brown when I was playing so it's like it's a new bro and them young boys picking him up full court. They ain't getting no damn. Yeah when I seen Alex Ruso like something on switching on LeBron say man like see this Oh yeah this is different. I don't like that. Not Cason Wallace picking brown up boy my son older than you boy And you Picking that's why I'm gonna pick you up. Yeah 40. Yeah well Shoulda had your boy out here shoulda. That's what I saying. It's amazing that he's still competing with them young guys but it's just like yeah he be hooping I don't like that feeling And I don't know if You know he one of the best athletes ever of all time.


I don't know if he can keep up that pace for a seven game series with them young boys. Yeah. Yeah I told you he is the best player on the floor yesterday. Every time we say he keep doing This, I ain't saying that he not the greatest but I'm just saying like they gonna have constant pressure. He is like they they sub blue Doty and Caruso and Kaon wall. They just keep going. That's why I love that they got Luca though because he ain't gonna have to, he can chill sometimes. Go ahead And Luca can win game by itself but Luca have moments where Yeah Austin Reeves. Yeah but Luca have moments where they going to apply pressure. Them young boys is in shape, Luca ain't in no shape Facts But yeah hopefully they can balance each other 'cause when Luca going through his little moment, maybe bro can take over, You know what I'm saying?


Nah and that's what they playing on doing. But the way them little young boys play defense nah. Yeah they get active. Yeah And I think the biggest thing like we talked about on the, on the screen last night with OKC, they're a really good rebounding team. Yeah They offensive rebounding and because they guards go get rebounds too. You go Case Wallace crash the boards Isaiah Jones sometimes you get in there like and then you got the bigs orenstein, then you got Chet. Yeah. Yeah man they they go get that rebound J dub too. So I think that's a big difference between them and the Lakers. 'cause you got Jackson Hayes is your primary big in their team. Yeah it's not enough. That's The only team I'm scared of though is the Lakers though. Okay. If the Lakers figure it out I think they can't be k. See but that's everybody else bro. Christmas bro. Yeah For sure. Shout Jerry Vanderbilt had 12 rebounds last night.


He's definitely a good rebounder in especially 20 minutes but he can't score it though. Yeah I was gonna say he, he out there only getting rebounds that that still kind of places. Okay C his favor 'cause he still ain't tall enough to really deal with And you gotta guard him. Really? Yeah he can't shoot And you can foul him. He can't shoot free throws You know? Most definitely man. Shout out to KC getting that. Get back.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are With all the new ways to get in on action at DraftKings Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus BES instantly take it to the wrack with DraftKings sports book where every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources see dk eng.co/audio.


Celtics got the one yesterday at OT one 19 to one 17 over the Knicks wrote a clip please shout out to Jason Tatum. Man hit a clutch shot yesterday to take him to ot. We gotta get him back to the lab with that handle though. That handle. Look, look at that. Woo. Come here og. Yeah right. That's a crazy scream by the way for Port ZI. The way about that handle jt. Hey my boy had a Gatorade cup on 2K. Stall him out. KK Bow, he snatched his ass though. Lyric. That was a but where OG going? You know they need a three Like that don't make sense if you don't hop on his right hand.


Right. I'm tired of this like that's common sense. So was it a good move or bad defense? Both. Bad defense. Okay. Both. Where else is he? Like why are you even going for that jab? Like if you go to the basket, who cares? Y'all up three. That's a good ass move though. I'm just saying. I mean it is bad dude. That's a fire move. But where, where else is he going? Not fact we up three. He gotta shoot a three. Okay well they Wow niggas ask no G to do a lot boy. I would guard him like they was guarding James. Alright OG you back. It's cool You're back on hole. Make Sure just guard him like they guard James hard when year stand right behind him.


Hands by your back. Nah, just stay on his lip. Right hand stand right beside him. Wherever he do let him go to the basket. Most definitely. JT out yesterday. 32 N seven. Poor Zynga balled out as well with 34 and four Ka. This thing he had 34 and 14. He had a crazy first half too. And Jaylen Brunson ball out with 27 N 10. Oh man Jay Man JB back that means Oog Touch is going down because he been balling these last couple of weeks. You know what I'm saying? How you getting back? But yeah man it is back to the JB and Cash show as this, as a second round matchup. How fast do y'all think the Celsius can win this? 'cause I don't think nobody believing the Knicks up here except me in this matchup.


It's four. It is gonna be 4 2 4 2. I like four two. Okay. Beyond 4 1, 4 1 With it The gentleman sweet Man I was watching some TNT coverage and Shaq said basically we won't even see this matchup 'cause the Pistons could sneak the Knicks. Y got any Y got any second of that? I don't see it. Who said that? Shaquille O'Neal. I like that. Yeah I'm quiet. I don't see that. I don't see the Pistons sneak in the Knicks. Yeah I don't got nothing to lose. I like I I like that take 'cause the Pistons ain't got nothing to lose. Nobody cares if the Pistons win they made to the playoffs. Nah they had a great year no matter what. Yeah hell of year. The Knicks is supposed to be their year 50 men season but the Knicks gonna beat that ass.


That's BTA tour coming. Soul Boy say they got a great year no matter what They did made the play though. Last year they were terrible. 16 games. I ain't gonna lie. I kind of, I kind of like the Pistons And I like the Pistons. Yeah they gonna get they ass. I've been a piston, I've been rolling with the Pistons all year. Really? Over. People said they was done. I was, I was kind of, I was one of the first people on the bandwagon to keep it real. Yeah man K Cunningham been balling all year. People was sleep. Yeah but it's gonna be a tough, I didn't get some Knicks boy they are playing at a different level. I know they lost theirselves yesterday but yeah. Yeah Ugly for sure. What we gonna see If the Pistons beat, the Knicks blow 'em up And I don't, y'all know I don't even believe in blowing teams up.


Blow blow 'em up. Oh you say everybody in the Knicks that going the portal blow 'em up. Everybody have Nothing bro. They lose to the Pistons bro. Nothing. They have probably their biggest off season in Knicks history. Right. Can't lose the Pistons bro. Yeah that's tough. Can I bro, Are they gonna call for t's head? They say bro. Yeah it's over lose to the And I Ain Bro. Especially with some of the coaching talent that's out there. We got Mike Malone, Taylor Jenkins, he on the seat a little bit anyway. Dang. You think so? I love t. I ain't calling from Jack Got know Tib my favorite coach. But to keep it real, if they don't get to the Eastern Conference finals boy's gonna start saying we need Mike Malone.


He in New York bro. They ain't taking too much of that. Mm. But we love T, we need Mike Malone though. But a 50 win season I feel y'all, You know what they gonna start saying playing too much. They tired. Nobody care about regular season bro. That's true Man. We had to do too much to get this team together bro. You got a producer KC Lose. It's like damn y'all weren't supposed to but y'all all, You know y'all Mean we running back. Yeah these niggas Bro. Y y I can't do that. Like okay see they moving at a fast process. They they speeded up the process. They yeah they not supposed to be where they at right now Fast. They definitely pulling outta they body. Yeah. Like these last two years is not supposed to be what they were. People ain't got extensions yet. Yeah, that's what I'm saying.


So they cool. Yeah it's three, four people over there. The nigga's making a hundred s. Yeah we talk about OG being a solidified third option. He getting a bang. He low key supposed to be doing what he doing. He getting all his money on Max Cat on the Max Mikel Bridges making a hundred And jb, JB making a hundred and shit. Let's not even sleep on Josh. Har he he getting paid. It might not be a hundred but aint making no deal by no means. His starters getting paid The Nicks. It's no way they lose to the pitches there turmoil. It's over. Yeah, that's a fact. It's gonna Malcolm mess something up. But no shout out to the rockers as well in the situation bro. We talk about teams that Fast Track quick. Nobody had expectations for that team but they looking promising.


Yeah they hooping same with them. Most definitely man. The Bucks your bucks. Yeah. Came back from down 24 yesterday in the fourth quarter. I'm I'm so mad at y'all. Y'all had a Legends day And I wasn't invited. What? What more I gotta do? Was Brandon Jens there? Yeah. I don't know why. What more do I gotta do? I brung a chip to the city bro. There You go. I was game six Hero talk yo. Shits to Hawks. What? What? Where my Brandon? Brandon said they mad at you? Jeff. Oh they, I know what you did. I know what You did. I apologize Milwaukee. Why y'all mad at me? Y'all clubs was Not popping man. Why you snitching Brandon? Shout to them.


Play back with I mad at you for sure Man. A went crazy yesterday with 25 and seven Deep Menzo balled out. Shout out to White Dante with 24 Giannis hat 23 13 10 Triple Double and KP J Hooped out with 21 yesterday they got Bobby Portis back. Does that mean something for the Bucks? It's not enough Ain Enough. Bitch it help. Yeah ain't need Bobby. I'm talking shit that's good. He back Now be here as a T Wolfs fan man. How you feel about this loss yesterday blowing the 20.4 point lead? We do it. We been doing it all year. We've been off and on bro. We toxic. That's all. We toxic, most toxic team in the league bro. Oh no.


I think there's a couple other teams that could definitely take that crown from y'all right now. Nah bro. We we, we lost Ka And we, we just disgruntled bro. Man we we damn my boy play good though. What 10 for 27? Yeah. Get it up bro. Y hey yo. That was crazy. That's crazy. Y'all literally play two. 10 is 27 is wild. Two for 11 for three is crazy. Yeah 25 have more shy tips and points is old. Hey can you go to Anthony Edward, Edward stats? That's old D bro. Like his season stats he 27. Can you tell me what he's shooting from the three field goals and stuff? He's shooting alright from the three.


I'm just wondering that's the last five. He take a lot of threes. He do At one point I think he was had most threes made in league early in the season at one point. Not enough. 39. Damn. Near 40 from the 3 44 from the field. That's good. Yeah that ain't better off. Can you go to Donovan Mitchell? 44 from the field And 40 from the three. Damn there. Damn bro. What you doing? I said boy you trying to get us? Yeah just hit on the stats right there in the middle. Not enough Regular season go down. What is that From the 3 36 0.8 36 44? Yeah. Damn he only played 31 minutes though.


Yeah. Damn. He got that T he doing that bud Shit. What? What is that? He don't play a lot. He ain't playing the for he only playing 30 stats off 31 minutes. Mm. Most people play how many minutes Anthony? Anthony? Yeah. Yeah 36. Some niggas sitting out a quarter, Half a quarter. Yeah. I like that comparison for sure. Hmm. Oh very Interesting. I'm nothing Very interesting. I love the conversation it sparked between y'all too. I ain't got no horse and race but it is funny especially in them comments boy they don't like me. Y'all talk about a compared to Donvan Mitchell. Very interesting. The A stands is up for sure.


Yes. Alright, moving on man. The Clippers moving to four plates yesterday after went over the Spurs Big Zoo balled out again. 24 and 20 top five six as well. James Hart had 21, 12 and nine and Psy Hooped out with 25. Quad didn't play. He getting his rest Rookie the year Castle had 19 and Harrison bars. OG had 24 yesterday. Big Zoo man 12 of the last 14 for the Clippers. He been balling he might be most improved man. He raw bro. I I think, I think crazy bro. It's a good conversation. He be going crazy. I be saying it. He might be most improved. Told Y early on bro. Top five in the league bro. He he moved up. He is bro told niggas he was better than hardest star bro. He's getting 20 a lot bro.


Consistently. He's killing. Y'all laughed at me when I say he is better than heart time bro. He's waiting. I Ain't laugh now if people wouldn't feel that take me talking about It For real. Talk about it real shit. When we started this nobody was feeling that. When I say he is better than Stein bro, his numbers are a monster. Must fool He's Bro and he be hooping like you said no Kauai yesterday obviously I know it was dispersed but man when you getting contributions like that around they a dangerous team. Man. 12 of the last 14, they ain't messing around. Let's go to the who they first round matchup could potentially be. That's somebody who nobody, he, nobody talks about Snoop but Alright. They would love to play the niggas right now what they got going on? They ain't got no coach. They can sneak them boy. That's who they don't wanna play.


Man. I yo is still gonna average 40. Yeah he's still gonna average 40. 40 or 40 on him. Yeah. Alright. I mean we ain't going, he ain't gonna stop you nowhere. But if I'm them do you want them with the worst? I don't care. Okay. Ah, I don't know man. Or Or somehow pray you get the Grizzlies. I don't I I like the Clippers though. If I'm them I'm the Clippers. I wanna play the Warriors. I mean the Lakers. Mm because we a isolation team. Yeah And they got some people that can get isolated. I'm saying that's true. Yeah they got some That's true. They got some non-existent defenders out there and Big Zoo will eat against them. For sure. For sure. For sure. That's 2020.


Jackson Hayes elbow to the head. We can attack Luca all night. Me and Kawhi hit them switches facts Go Luas go at Austin Reeves all night And you talking about the Thunder and not really being too scared. LeBron Kuala don't give a damn about nobody. It's what's up James Harden neither. Oh yeah he ain't going for that. Yeah that's crazy at the, You know Mad Johnson traded too for nothing. He should have been a Laker should have been a Laker bro. He was should've been one of they greatest sinners. Magic didn't know Magic just wanted to leave that job so he could tweet again. And I rock with magic. It was a lot going on bro. That boy just wanted a Lonzo. Yeah that's it. Lamar Really talked magic in again Lonzo.


That's why he I keep telling you how to Goat. Goat. That's boys try to put on the new shoes. He got look the knee. He said I'm getting bored. We about to start podcast LaVar Ball. Please start the podcast please. I'm tuned in bro. We Will support bro. Bro my nigga is enjoying this new life man. I I'll fuck with it. Them shoes horrible but Rock Cowboy Show me the shoes. They still owe me some. You still owe me some old, You know what you don't, these are like the referee Edition of the Triple B. These Shoes are like the hocus, the hocus shoes. What? Oh yeah we locked in. Okay nigga damn get you up here. I guess I'm just saying what they look like.


I'm just saying this is what Pull up, pull up the trip. Me. Shoot bro. I'm not dissing nobody bro. We about, we about to have a group chat about this. Nah, that's the old school. Yeah y the internet Google ain't tapped in yet To my boy. Don't worry I got Y'all. I'm sure somebody pulled up in the chat but moving on Stefan Casa good enough to be rookie of the year this year. Yeah. Yeah everybody got hurt. Dang. I know a lot of people saying Alex started making the late push but ain't nobody watching the Wizards so For sure besides that move that Bud put Buddy on. Wow that's Petty moving on the Warriors beat the sleeves off the Suns yesterday and knocked them out of play. Off contention belt to ass situation.


1 33 to 95. Steph had 25, BP had 22 and five and Book had 21 man. Oh God. This couldn't happen soon enough. I can't wait to see KD summer workouts though. He about to be killing open runs. Yeah because he is auditioning for a new place to live. It will not be in Phoenix anymore. Oh nah, he's, he's out of there man. We, we talk about this And we go back and forth all the time but most disappointing season between them and the 76 ERs. Who y'all rolling with? It's the Suns bro. Y'all healthy bro. Yeah, Somebody spend $50. Oh for sure. Shout out to the super chat man. Go ahead Drew. Lawyer as Golden State beat Grizzly's Lakers and Nuggets in a roll last week and beat OKC two outta three this year without Jimmy.


What is realistic ceiling for them and why be here hate Golden State? 'cause Draymond Green bro we that's, that's the bro bro. Mind your business bro. That's family business. Nah okay. Golden State could win the west too. It's just what level is Steph playing on? How Jimmy Butler is he gonna be play off Jimmy? Mm if he play off Jimmy Golden State got a chance. Hey that is playoff Jimmy. He, we've seen him time and time again for sure. He can definitely show up. Our Cruisin three 40 in the Chet asks what is y'all Eastern And we conference finals. And who would y'all like to see? I like to see OKC and the Celtics but I don't know.


For some reason I think the Lakers, Lakers winning bro gonna Be elite bro. I wanna see the Lakers verse OKC and the Eastern conference. I mean the Western conference, final Eastern Conference finals. I would like to see calf Celtics I guess man for me in the east I probably would like to see Celtics and Nicks at full strength healthy. And then in the west I would really like to see OKC And I don't know the second scene of course the Lakers because it's gonna be polarizing. Basketball ratings will suck if it's them in the Rockets unless they're gonna play crazy basketball. But probably Thunder like your realistically facts man. Who you got mooc? I like that. Knick Celtics in the east bro. Yeah I feel like that'd be a movie in OKC in the Lakers for sure.


In the west. Yeah, I just picked my finals bro. Okay, Shout out to Cruz man. Three 40 in the chat. 50 crazy. Yeah that's that's you can, we appreciate you got another question on the house For sure. Alright man some more games took place yesterday at De Grizzlies. Took care of the Hornets yesterday. 1 24 to 100 built to a situation. Y'all we crazy with 28, 8 and five also with the crazy celebrations. Zach Idy has 17 in 19 as well. Jalen Wells had a crazy injury yesterday. I'm happy with reports to show he is okay but that was a nasty fall so rest up to the young boy for sure. The calves took care of the bulls yesterday built to as 1 35 to one 13. DG heard us talking to the pod to showed up yesterday 28 and five at MO we had 21, 11 and seven in the super chat r and b Philly said DJ tell Tyrese to get off his dumb ass off the grounds getting dropped by the rug.


Get well soon. Thank you for that arm Philly. Fuck you this morning the Pacers took care of the wizard yesterday. 1 0 4 to 98 Pascal Ball out with 24 N 10. My boy Halliburton had 22 and six as well. Moving on to Magic. Took care of Jeff Hawks yesterday one 19 and one 12 P five bought out with 33 in 10. Franz had 22 and six. Big O had 30 14 and four but Trey Young hooped out with 28 and 10. That's what we do loose. I agree. But last but not least, the Nets brush the pelicans yesterday 1 19, 1 14. We are not putting no stats up 'cause nobody cared at all. I love when we do that, when we just don't put no stat lines they score 119 points.


Somebody had 20, we get whatever. Fuck it. Nobody played me and no cover games. Neither will we. Moving on tonight's games. We'll see how y'all feel about 'em. We got Celtics at Magic CELs. I like the magic. Okay like the magic T Celtics probably ain't gonna play nobody Ain the back bro. I'm play, I'm gonna go with the magic. So 76 ERs at Wizards. That's Crazy game No Wizards man we gotta Fight back. Quinn Grimes playing. I got Sixers. There we go. I forgot I'm out of pocket. Quinn Grimes 25 cover for sure. Hornets at Raptors. No thank you. I don't care Bad raptors bro. Yeah it is everybody on 10 that it's get your bread Young boys Lakers at Mavs Lakers Bro. You Think?


You think Luca playing? That's why I'm saying bro. It's a back to back. I like the Mavs bro. I Wouldn't play if I was Luca Ad about to killed him. I want Luca to play tonight and and get like 50. He going play go crazy. I want him to do something insane tonight. Have to bro they gonna Try Luca all night Rock Out bro. Yeah but Jason kid, the type of guy they still trying to get in the play in huh? Yeah they gonna trap em. They gotta win. Yeah They gonna trap. I like the Mavs. Okay me too. Heat at bulls. Heat. Heat. I don't know That's gonna be a rough game. But Kobe White getting 25. That's all I care about. I got the heat. I'm gonna go heat as well. Blazers at Jazz. Jazz. Oh man I like the Blazers.


Yeah. Yeah the jazz don't even want, they worry about draft man Spurs at Warriors. Warriors. Warriors for sure. Thunder Suns. Thunder, thunder Nuggets at Kings. Kings. I'm going Kings. Kings hot right now. Yeah. Zach Levine on the heater right now and last but certainly not least Rockets at Clippers. Clippers. Oh y'all going Clippers? I got rockets. Yeah I'm going rockets tonight for sure. Alright, super chat Crewan three 40. Ask again. Y'all always talking about the podcast but then get weird where somebody support the podcast to improve. Y'all broke Selfish on huh? Nah, talking about the podcast but then Get y'all broke selves on.


Oh okay. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Stop hanging. Stop. You said 50? Yeah. Shout out to Crew in three 40. Say get your paper up bro. That's a fact. Yeah don't have Niggas had to reread that they was about to get on your hands. Gotta fit in. Blame Freaky Mike. Yeah we was about to torture you but y'all be cruise Shifted. Get your hands crew And you a supporter. Yeah We like you Trying to have our back. Yeah, right on cruise. Check another one bro. Free. You good? You got a question? Tap in cruise. Oh man. Hey when I start reading Slow, You know Drake is loaded up.


We locked in All bet. Nah, shout to Cruise Head. Alright, verified Buckets be here. Who was getting to it yesterday? Ah Man, SG Best player on the four yesterday Land. Slide over the Lakers man. Good dub man. 42. Six and six Hell of a game at the office. Nacho. Who you got? Bug Carrington. That's crazy. My verified bucket. That's Hardt on my mama. Yeah you My bucket last night. That's hard. Oh my my that's crazy. You did not have to retweet. End quote tweet that Because that's an actual bucket. Yeah He was verified last night. Moving on, moving happened rolling with Big Zoo man. 20 and 20 top five man Shit. Easy man. Moving out man. I'm gonna show some love for Ka yesterday.


34 and 14 and last but certain not least. JT Wilded out yesterday with 32 and seven. Get well shown. Who needs some encouragement this morning to be here? Plumley man child Tyrese Hallberg. We gonna run here. You know you they say Who that Trace got in the game. He on the rim? Yeah. Hey Annie Dunked on the vet. Come on man. I love the bench reaction. Look at Step now. A high flyer too. Indiana Violence right there. Hey Gon get your ass back though Charles. They would beat. That's when You know you beat somebody. Where nigga sitting next to Draymond? The Nron George, George Lopez. Oh shit, not what's the dude That's a great seat.


Oh god, that's A fire seat. And I don't think Jordan, I'm supposed to be standing there either. That's the funnier part. Yeah. Trace we rolling baby. Hey George Lopez the legend because his wife gave him a kidney and he left her in my eyes he's always been, she donated kidney to him and he, he left her. He's out of pocket bro. I'm she take the kidney back. Amen. These girls be staying with you until they get their shit together and look at you. So shit, gimme My kidney back. Reverse. Un no bitch. Hey what Dirk say? Gimme the ties back bitch. Gimme my kidney back. No, no, no.


Hey taking the the skinniest slide. It's gonna come on man. What up bug Carrington? Man, I didn't even know that wanted the else to do it. He crossed the hell out. Target collar bird. He him sneakers back. Oh he stepped on D Smith foot bro. No he didn't. Yes he did. Was the game that you play And you touched the ground? Damn. What's The twister? Twister Bow Right here. No purple dig. How You know it's funny, we was on the stream last night while this happened And we was talking about him And I was like yeah he don't play no defense as soon as I said that this happened. So this is crazy Why he put this other head like that Paul Tyrese Threw.


I gotta look at the bench. Did anybody do nothing? Nah man, that we locked in bro. We locked In Este guys. Man shout out to the paces. He grab sleeve. Look that's how You know he into the game though. What was I trying to help though? Mannie Smith. Hey Smith, why Smith put Down knee Smith be everywhere. Like Get your ass, get your ass up, Get up, Get up. Play this slip. Man, that game it wasn't that damn good It was though. Hey we knew a good move right after the game. I gave the game hit like 9 21 and 9 26 Bughead to reposted this.


So that's fire. Yeah should have stayed with Nike. Nasty. Nah, I fuck with them. Puma. Nah, shout out to Puma. I'll rock with his pumas bro. I'm saying Bro. Go ahead be here like too. Moving on. I'm out bro. Last least get one soon to Jordan. Good one and more skates Bow. Oh man. Shotgun shells. Hey bow, that's back. Bang bang. Oh man. Alright. Be here. We win some money today. Nah man. Too Bad. Keep money in your pockets. Tap in tomorrow. Listen, we appreciate y'all will be back same time tomorrow. Five 20 In The Morning.


The Volume


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for business comes in with convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance. We can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business Chase for business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and the hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's F and grab a $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger are a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's.


This podcast is supported by better Help offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone, or chat. Here's better help head of clinical operations. Hess Hug Joe. Discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off And you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit better help.com today. That's better. HE p.com.


Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? It's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate so you can take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with those day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your Way to Money, money Movement Services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.