
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts, the untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes' first, CEO and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua Tonga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Monday. Happy Black History Month. It's your favorite sports show in the world. It's five 20 In The Morning here to keep you up to date and everything in sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host, my name is DJ Wills. Joined this wonderful morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Henderson. My right my brother T fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? Chatting To My boy. What's going on? Ironically, you said black history, muff, everybody, all these black dudes getting traded. That's crazy. Yeah, we started out black history talking about a white man. Shout to Luga D Man. But let's get to the craziest trait that happened on Sunday. Listen, we got a dope pod dropping today at 12:00 PM We covered this fully. We wanna keep y'all up to date as well.


Dion Fox went to the Spurs. Jack led to the Kings three team deal. Boys got activists as well. They picked up Trey Jones, Zach s and Kevin. I wanted to ask y'all off the rip, does this make the Kings and contender the next couple years? No. Excuse me. Spurs rather not the kings. We know they contender. Shit. I contenders is crazy. I like to see how they mesh first though. It is good that they kept, you know they valuable pieces though. Yeah, I always ask that because you got an all NBA player and Dion Fox and then you got one of the best players in the world of Victor Wood bna. Like that's a hell of a kickstart team. Yeah, I think they got a A dynamic duo. Okay. I gotta see the other pieces around him. I don't like all the pieces around him. I like Bael. He's cool. You, I know I love Castle but they gonna need some more veteran leadership around there.


Some guys that just fit in well obviously Dion Fox is the star. Like you said, win beat's a star but as far as their team making noise, that's, that might be tough. They might be better two or three years. I give 'em a chance to be really competing. But that's And what are they down? They in a playoff contention right now, right? Most definitely. They're right there in the the end of the play. Well they're the playing for sure right now. Oh Well And we talked about them like we was but they asked earlier what they talking about their roster week. But they've been decent so far this year about 500. Yeah but I mean as a contender though, like yeah that's strong compete with O KC and them guys. I mean now you got a dynamic duo who's gonna make noise. I mean D Fox is a league guard, one of the top guards in the league and you got win be a all world talent.


Arguably they could be good but it's just some of those key pieces that they gonna need just to get over that hump to be a contender and I just don't see it right now. But in a year or two maybe for sure, listen man, Rick win gets better year by year and to have somebody like D Fox in the back court, that's elite for sure. When as say I feel about especially ut, you know players get criticized about they coming out and say where they want to go and who they wanna make. But then we see some of these front officers with a situation where ad getting blindsided, he's a champion. Yeah You know you gotta deny deny. But you feel like it's cool the fact that Pearson got like controlled their destiny. Yeah because you don't like I love that you can, you're that good that you can tell people where you want to go and people can make it happen. 'cause a lot of us getting blindsided when we did play, you don't know you getting traded.


You might not even want to get traded like you said like ad he probably loved living in LA probably set up his whole life to be in LA for the rest of his career and outta nowhere he get traded to Dallas and he had no control over that. So if you can take control of the situation, why not? I mean and people always talk about loyalty and what people should do in that situation. Well there ain't no loyalty in this game. Clearly AD was loyal to the soil like he was ready to stay in LA for sure. How was crib? I mean Crib retarded that Oh beautiful. You see him get a new game system set up in there. But that's another story but it ain't no loyalty in the game on either side. So I understand the players are going where they want to go. I understand Jimmy Butler's telling I'm not gonna sign nowhere but Phoenix I get it all and I understand it and it's just part of the business.


Most definitely. I don't wanna save it for you. What would you be on if you was in a situation like you was on the Brad Bill like hey I told you I hold the cards. You gonna wild out a little bit or you gonna just play it smooth? If I'm Brad bi Just saying somebody like him who, you know what I'm saying? You know it y'all gotta final license straight through me. Oh yeah. It depends on who it is though. I'll be open if it makes sense. If y'all gonna send me to a a contender where I can go feel like I can win now I'm gonna go but shit, if I'm Brad be I done probably made all the money I want to. I don't wanna go from the sons to the Wizards or team like the Wizards or Charlotte so Dang that's crazy man. You would never wanna go regress like that.


Especially like in your career like that's never been like a slap in the face sometimes. So I be understanding why players feel the way they feel. 'cause a lot of times like you said Teague, they get the shorter than the stick pauses. How was it when you like cool with people and your teammate like you was just kicking it with these dudes yesterday. You gotta lock in out season now you gotta go bond with some new people. There ain't nothing. Everybody know each other in the league. Okay So if you get traded it is damn near a 80% chance you're gonna be cool with somebody on another team. Okay. You know everybody done play a A U growing up. Yeah. Might have been on a team that y'all both got traded from a team or whatever. Now y'all linked back up somehow or some dude that you just met Allstar weekend, y'all was cool, y'all was vibing or another Allstar that you might have in they situation played in the Olympics with or been on the Allstar team with.


So somebody you gonna vibe with somebody like thinking of ad shit. He ain't buy Coach by Jared played with Jerry Dudley, not Jerry Dly a coach. I don't know who else on that roster but I'm sure he probably played with a couple dudes on that roster. He cool with Kyrie already so I mean you'll learn Miami just need to go ahead and let Brad be on Jimmy brother swap man let's get it done. Oh that's what you think they should do. Get it done. Damn that's Bradley and Bradley and Ba I'll fuck with that. That'll be tough. Tallah Hero. That'll be tough. Does Tallah Hero moves to the PG if that make a move like that? He can. Yeah I was Gonna say I ain't mad at him. I wanna ask is there, he ain't playing PG anyway gonna say he been in controlling the offense anyway.


Is there any untouchables in the league? No, this Shit, I thought Luca was untouchable. So Where I would probably say Steph Curry probably the only untouchable. Damn not well I, I was gonna say Giannis but shit he was in there. Well I think that was Gianni's forcing the hand more or less than the one to trade him. But I gonna, it might be yo Giannis SGA or outside of that everybody else can go. Yeah I think, I think a motherfucker Trey Brown. Yeah. Oh yeah. Especially I think they got a good enough offer they let LeBron go. Yeah Luca, Luca just changed a whole lot of shit. Yeah. Yeah. And also, I mean on that Luca trade obviously we know Luca Donius went to the Lakers ad went to Dallas, did you see that? Like Nico got some, some clearances in that situation like ad waving the trade clicker kicker and stuff like that and them getting some exceptions as far as the Tim Hardaway trade, like they got some more Brita, they can make another move.


How would y'all feel about Jimmy down there in Dallas? It don't make sense. I, I don't think him and Kyrie mesh well. Who Jimmy? Yeah. Hmm. That's interesting. Hmm. But that would be a fire team though. I Think they would though. Yeah I feel like they can make that work bro. If they attitude wise, if they could make it work, if he goes is to the side, I think they'd be a great team but I just, they personality is real strong Bro. I think Kyrie like a different personnel though. Oh okay. Like he don't, he's like super cool. I mean he always been cool but the way his teammate's vibing with him right now, they locked in. He just be vibing with everybody. He on good vibes man. He could tell he at peace with whatever he came peace with.


Like it was Oh yeah whatever he was going through the, the league had him on bullshit. I'm just like from a mental standpoint I'm like damn you lose Luca. Who goofy always playing great teammate. Not saying Jimmy ain't but you gambling bringing him in not knowing if he gonna stay not, you know you don't, you just don't know. Yeah I mean it's a gamble that he won't stay but if you get Jimmy Butler on your team and Jimmy is ready to play basketball. Yeah Jimmy is one of the best teammates you could ever have. Now if Jimmy mad at the front office know what it is. Jimmy gonna be mad at the front office. He ain't gonna be nothing against you. He gonna love his teammates but he gonna be a asshole.


See Jimmy like the nigga that come home after a rough day at work, his wife that pissed him off. I'm like hey dad he since your motherfucking ass dance work. Like nah he ain't even, he like going joke with you still. He gonna be Jimmy. And then soon as one of the front office dudes walked by us, this bitch ass nigga like he going be, he just not gonna fuck with him. Like he gonna do everything with his teammates. Like when he got traded and we was on the plane, he was joking with us and they came up front, he like what the fuck you want? He like can you come back here with us? He got traded like on the team playing is crazy. Yeah that Is Wild. As soon as we got in the area he got traded, we on that bitch drinking.


We started drinking. He like Teague I'm going to Philly me Joel. He started naming their team. I'm like who we get dope shot to Rob Rob Covington, that's my dog. But he like we got, y'all got Rob Covington. I'm like what the fuck? That's It. They had a whip in Phil Too. I'm like where the fuck is Ben Simmons? It's Icy. I'm like we got Ben Simmons. Right. They like, nah y'all got Rob Covington and Dario. I'm like who Dario Sarge Damn Say nah I ain't no fucking way. He like yeah hey while we here do you see the bitch a looking to get bought out to go be with a Contender? Yeah, let's go. I get, I'm telling y'all now like Zion, Zion killing though.


Zion, you know he a dog but B go somewhere. I'm telling y'all he gonna be gonna be different. Where he gonna go? I'm not. I'm not buying the zone again bro. Alright. It feels like the off season workouts. No bro, the teams are trash now. Send that boy to somebody who can win right now. Oh it's up bro. Where do You think he can go? Well he not in the way Clippers. Ooh I don't like him and James together. I do. He can let him play his natural position of four. I gotta call mp if if MP he cool with it then fuck He need to go play his natural position. Everybody keep talking Up. They might have to trade. You might have to trade MP for Ben Simmons. Hell No. They gonna want something Jeff.


I agree with you. Just say you get buy, you get a buy bro. He gonna be on free wheel and if a Clippers traded Norman Powell, Ben Simmons nigga getting fired forever. Somebody let him go wherever then Nobody's trading for Ben Simmons. Ben Simmons is gonna ride in the Nets. He gonna have to get a buyout. Yeah bro. They gonna buy him out. Go to Dipper turn up. But if he go to like Clippers, Lakers, Ben Simmons go to Likers. That'd be ridiculous bro. Just saying he need to go play his natural position bro. He is a good defender and he's a four. Dang now Ben Simmons go play the four. Oh for the Lakers? Yeah I'm with that. He like he's, He has to go play the four Though. He need to transition his game to Draymond Green like the point guard shit is dead like like go be the four.


He Ain't good enough. Like he ain't, he don't shoot good enough to be Boris dl. You Tell him go be Jerry. Yeah that's who he is now after the back surgeries or whatever. Yeah it happened to him. He just ain't responding like the Ben Simmons. We all felt Jerry, Jeff is just crazy here bro. I'm it's quiet bro. I just think he's doing this bro. For shit's and giggles bro. No way. You just start hooping. You think he trolling? Yeah, no way. You just start hooping like this Bro. We we'll keep you up to date as well. Other business trade kick is a lot of things will probably happen this week. Crazy games yesterday ERs came back down from 26 yesterday to take care of AV Sixers. One 18 to one 10. JT had 35, 11 to seven. He was hooping yesterday. JB had 2110 to six Tyres Maxey had 34 yesterday but he only had two points in the fourth.


They finished the game with a 51 to 18 year run man. Yeah I was watching that game and the Sixers was balling at first they was playing, you know they had all them people out. PG was out and beat out drumming out and they was just playing on the high and then you just see the Celtics kicking and overdrive and it's like when the Celtics get rolling bro ain't nothing you can do. Yeah after this Allstar break, little rush they gonna get bro. It's gonna get wicked again. Yeah it's definitely gonna get wicked again. Listen man it is crazy that JTN and MVP race know people happen Outstanding years as well. But I mean like the Celtics is quote unquote falling back in there in second place. Yeah this ain't, this ain't, this ain't his year.


I mean he having a hell of a year but SGA Is just, we not, we not asleep Jason. I promise we're not. Oh but I swear to God if you win this fucking MVP bro if They, if they cheat SGA two years in a row bro I'm gonna know something. Yeah it is GAE. It is this here is the lose. It is cool. Jason go get finals DP bro. Yeah that's what's important. But he having a JC having a hell of a year. Yeah 27, 8 and eight. There's nothing to speak at. It just not loud enough. It ain't but if you win that finals MVP I'm all for that. Oh that's what we care about. But yeah that finals MVP mean more than League MVP damn near. Yeah To me. I agree. I agree For him especially though. Yeah To me I feel like it period bro I got a chip and that was the best nigga in the chip fuck The league mvp.


Nah, nah nah I don't agree with that because it's no I love DJ know how I feel about Andre Goo game pause but him winning it bro you wasn't the best player in in the bro. Should have got it if you got it. Yeah That was just a, you know what I'm saying, that was circumstance. So I think, I think that shit is just different like for Jason Tatum all the scrutiny and shit like Yeah He, he needs it But Alright put it this way. A finals mvp. Them two finals MVPs. Right. Don't Kawhi got two of 'em right? Or one? Oh I don't know. Kaw got a final Two. He got two. He got wanna say I didn't know if he got a one say okay Yeah he won that. Yeah I wanna say yes but nah he did.


Oh that's but that solidify him as Oh yeah respect way more than if he won League NVP he don't even give a fuck about awards during the year. He dumb bro. He, he Play half the season He is the black Yoic bro. And then when he get the final MVP it's like they different bro. Yeah bro he got two of 'em things bro. Yeah fuck league you, you in a special class when you get them finals MVP 'cause everybody can't, I mean you in a special class when you get League MVP too but it's just like it's harder To get the finals. You right. You go through this list of people who got two of them. Why MJ not on there? That's just people who got it twice. They're gonna say why the hell is Michael Jordan not on there but Kobe Kawa, KD Larry Bird, Kareem will ain't a ball list to be a part of for sure.


Damn Shaq she be on there too You? Yeah probably got it three times. Oh okay. That's what it Is. I gonna say. Yeah Okay. I was about to say Yeah I was gonna say where is Michael Jeffrey Jordan on that list. I know damn sure he got some final EVPs for sure. Yeah man, good comeback for the Celtics for sure. I don't know if the Mavs is protesting yesterday 'cause they got their ass whooped yesterday from the C one four. 4 1 0 1 50 point first quarter is crazy for the Cavs come on 91 the first half. I know Clay Thompson like boy y'all got me fucked Up man. I done came over here, I done left, I done left Golden State. Y'all doing this shit. Oh Clay you should have went to Memphis. You don't listen, You should have stayed his ass in Golden State.


This should took you out. He he had to leave bro. Shit, He kind of said that shit though in a way I was listening to like one of his off season videos and he was like man I let people get in my head I was still playing good ball averaging 18 and I let people get in my head and da da da da da. I was like that sound like you telling me you shouldn't have left. Yeah you could tell the, I ain't gonna say the regret but you could tell like he's like he kind of spoke with like how he treated everybody on the way. Like I could have saved this if I wouldn't on that. Like I could have easily came back to the team if I wasn't on that that whole year. Yeah. Yeah because it don't highlight that we're not gonna do clay. Man Clay had two points yesterday but he's still still Clay Thompson no disrespect. One for 10 is nuts though. One for 10.


Yeah. Even shooting King Nobody would've gave a fucking Golden State. Yeah people care keep people care in Dallas now Because now it's like nigga what are you, what are you gonna do for us? I mean you but mean a lot of their key players didn't play yesterday. Obviously Dale Gaffer didn't play PJ Washington play, Kyrie didn't play Wonder. Dunno what that's about. Fucking Spencer Denwitty we we need your ass now boy. Two for six boy said PTO all this shit. He been talking he talk greasy. He do. Oh my Lord. He do talk crazy. Oh Lord. Like So you better get your shit together asap. Hey you see the mask piss they pissed right now about that nigga. Shit I seen motherfucker brought a casket. Y'all see that nigga brought a casket to the arena. Nigga said sell the team.


They're pissed. You know how shitty I would be if I woke up and lost my superstar bro. Niggas lost Luca Dantes bro. Nigga brought a casket to the Stage bro. Yo we went to the game when they played, when we went to that Nuggets game. Look bro, these niggas brought a ca. That is crazy bro. When we went to that, when we went to was in Dallas and seen that Nuggets game bro that's all that was in the crowd. What are them people gonna do with them 77 jerseys now Bro Keep 'em, send 'em to Africa bro. That's what's up ba That's what you do. Yeah Bro. Put 'em in that airplane bro. Bro because logo 70 sevens on way check bro. Them out though. Everybody can see this Mike they can't see out. Damn. Damn man.


That's what happens. I forgot that is what they do with Jerseys. Yeah Bro. You know what I'm saying it send 'em over there, send It right to Africa when they get traded. Yeah bro. Jason Terry rolling in his grave with that trade man. That's Wild bro. That's crazy bro. Y'all was just in the championship bro. I'm nothing but That's how it work in the NBA look. Hell Nah bro. No things Change like that NBA bro. Unfortunately your window, it ain't like the old days bro. If you ain't one of them big three teams that was consistently going to the final shit, get wicked. Listen bro, Try y'all know all about, y'all know more about the NBA than me bro. I I respect it bro. I swear to God that shit like that bro. That's unreal bro. I can't even think of a trade on that level has ever happened in the NBA.


No I ain't gonna say the trade. I'm saying like the impact of your team being like finals man winning next year. Shit ain't shaking. Look at the timber woods. We thought the Timber woods was about to make a another one to West Scott finals. Yeah like they about to be lottery picking if this the biggest trade in NBA history. Yes bro. Yes you think so?


The action is always heating up on the field at the Draftking Sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus. BES instantly Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sports Book. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits if you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See d kng dot coast slash audio.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back now I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff like it's all colored. They changed it and the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when you send it, yeah it was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our business week buying power column. Very Few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen.


Oh, Kevin Durant had the biggest signing him or LeBron had the biggest signing in NBA history. But Kevin Dur, this is probably the biggest pause. What's, what's crazier the LeBron going to South Beach or Ka going to Golden State? Probably LeBron the South. The interview at the YMCA. That was smart bro. Yeah it was probably LeBron 'cause nobody ever would see LeBron leaving Cleveland. Ain't nobody seen kd. Okay. It is probably LeBron though because he happened first Deok to Charlotte. Oh those are Treys like when Yeah that's early shit. Like nine, six. Yeah. Nah, see looking at that list, hell nah Bro. Allen Harson getting trade to Denver was big but it wasn't, the timing was different.


If it was two years earlier we would've felt differently about that. Yeah. Luca is like nah, that's up there bro. He didn't even reach his prom yet. Exactly bro. So how does Atlanta feel about this? Do they feel like they want to try it because now there's no circumstances in the situation. Now they don't got Luke on Dallas no more. But we still got Troy Young. Same with the King. So we talked about in the pod but damn y'all went from three point guards to zero. Mm. I don't know. Everybody else will grab us bro. I Don't know. Shout, shout out to my hawks though. We, we stay intact so Goodwill soon. Abs also our reserves. Man we didn't get to talk about this 'cause it dropped last week when we were gone for the week. Damn. The reserves for the Easter conference.


Jalen Brown, Kade Cunningham, Darius Garland. Your favorite white boy, Tyler Hero, Dame Lillard, Evan Moby P Skills. Trey Meow. Did they get snubbed? Y'all got it Bro. I ain't gonna say they got snubbed because everybody having a significant year for their team. Pascal I didn't see coming but when you look at where the Pacers are, he probably deserve it. Yeah, I was gonna say with the, with the injuries to both of our Orlando Magic players. 'cause they probably would've had that spot for sure. France or Apollo would've had that spot. But I ain't mad at these skills. He averaging 21 to seven. Yeah. I ain't mad at that. Top 14. Can't be mad at Tyler. Hero. Can't be mad at Dame.


Lili definitely not mad at k Cudahy. So I don't know where. Maybe they could've beat out Darius Garland. Tre Young could've but Darius Garland team is number one and they win it by 50. I don't know how it's supposed to work though. Lalo should been all star. I I just, we need Lamel. All he heard he, he don't play enough games and they don't win If he didn't play. If that's the case, I'm not playing enough games. Okay. I'm okay with that. But looking at those two teams. Oh the the West is Washington the East. That's light. It is. Come on man. Sha Gun Allstar during Jackson Jr. How I feel about that selection, I'm proud of him.


Okay. Two time Allstar Tar did what we supposed to do at Eve of course. And Anthony Davis about to be in the Allstar game with the Mav jersey turned up. Yeah. Nah, I I made it as a Laker. Hmm. Oh you are ma you are a Dallas Maverick now. So you, So you are wearing a Dallas jersey in this game, which is far by the way Made as a Laker bro. I'm, I'm happy for you would ever wear the purple code again. I take it off the west look like a, like how the video games used to look for, you know when you play east versus West and you had MJ and all them, that's what it looked like the east. That shit looked like when I made it some random niggas.


They ain't random but it just like yeah he made it. Nah, that's real shit though bro. Yeah that's that. That is a team winning Allstar team. Yeah that's like a hall of Fame Allstar team. Right. Like you got Jar. You know how on the Allstar team you always had them random dudes like one year it was like Christian Laer. Yeah that's Roy Hier made a All star. That's Jar Jackson. Like he just was random Antonio. Yeah like or Antonio Davis for that. It's like he like as crazy. He did make All Star Toronto. Yeah he just be having like a random dude that's him and not saying he random 'cause Jordan Jackson code but it's just like compared to this team, all these dudes is Hall of Famers. Yeah Steph Curry Hall of Fame. Kevin Dur Hall of Fame. Sha gonna win MVP. He gonna go all Fame. Jay Win Is random too.


Well LeBron gonna be Hall of Fame now. Cole is gonna be Hall of Fame. Dave is gonna be Hall of Fame. You at the Edwards got potential to be Hall of Fame. You the reason Jalen Williams made an Allstar team bro. Nah, he cold though. He been hooping bro. He has bro. But did he take in PC spot? I think yeah. Mm. I Think P would've been random as hell. Nah bro we deserve to be But nah he deserve it. I'm not hating bro. He deserve go to the Stat's What I'm saying don't win it. Our stat is crazy. He deserve it. But I'm number, I'm the number one team in the El L West but 21 5 and 5 21 5 5. Yeah we beat number team in the west. Number one team in the west bro. I'm a better second option than you bro. Ka my first option so much better than your first.


He PC 24. Your first too. He favorite? Yeah, he hooping like motherfucker. We shooting 47 though so come On bro. I'm a better second option than you. Nah Ben Williams a young gun though so I get it. If I had to pick a team, I'm picking the the youngster but My first option is so much more dominant than yours right now at this time. So I don't even get as many touches bro. Damn man. That shit, Damn man look, they got 36, 38 wins for the people who said Saboni Hoover Jr. Jackson Jr. Look at the records. That's all that conversation is. Yeah, yeah that's all it is. That all is. Look at the records bro. Look Ley is what, three in the west? Yeah, that's all that Was.


For sure. Ain't fun bro. That shit ain't fun. Give us something the east. The east probably gonna win but on paper they look like they supposed to get smacked. I don't even know how they playing it anyway. So it's like what, three or 14 or Yeah they're doing that draft shit it's 14. The rises and Suns winners play. It's the 14 in the tournament. We'll see. Don't even care be honest. So I don't know. They starting five Ain't ain't slight though. Especially based off this year. I mean you got all high framers on the other side. Yeah but it's just like you said, it's all let's go player for player. Like just how they got it matched up. You got Giannis and Steph. Well they cancel each other out. They both great. Kevin Durant, Jalen Bronson, Jalen Bronson code but the Allstar game, he ain't meant for that. That ain't what he built for.


Nah, Shay and Don Shane ain't gonna play hard. Donovan Mitchell, he be hooping at Allstar games. He fuck Rock go get his by LeBron. He hoops. Jason gonna try to hoop Yos don't give a fuck at all. He gonna sell down. Fuck yeah the East probably gonna win. They got some people try and prove theyself Tyler Hero. Shit hurt my Heart. Looking at them lists man. Damn man. Get well soon man. No mps no Trey Young. No Lalo no Sironi. Man. A couple games took place last night. Let's get through get through this as well. Excuse me. Pi beat the Bulls 1 27 and one 19 who had a triple double but 2011 and 10. I hope he got his bags packed as well 'cause he'll probably be moving soon.


Kobe White had 20 2K, Cunningham had 22 N 15. The rappers beat the Clipper yesterday. One 15 to 1 0 8. That's what I'm saying, Shit like this. James Power had 25 7 5. RJ Berry had 27 N six as well. The Grizzlies beat the Bucks yesterday. Hell of a win yesterday. 1 32 to one 19 J JJ Triple J 37 and five had 22 and 9 37. Bro I wasn't out here to get rebounds bro. Let's put the ball in the basket. Giannis had 30 11 to seven. Chris Milkton had 20 and four and then Dame had 15 to nine. That's a hell of a win for the Grizzlies. Yeah that's a good one man. Come on keep losing Milwaukee. Let Pace stay in that fo spot for show couple games tonight.


See how y'all feel. Wizards at Hornets. Go be with your family. Hornets Gotta say the Hornets. Yeah, I mean I don't care how gonna say it ain't like the Wizards are trying to win anyway. Hawks at Pistons. I guess I could say Pistons today. I'm gonna take the Pistons at home. Hmm. That's tough. Go Pistons. Alright. Rockets at Knicks. Mm Rockets. I'm gonna take the Knicks out. Yeah I'm gonna take the Knicks this time. Spurs at Grizzlies. Dion playing today. I'm gonna take the Grizzlies. Is he? Nah, he probably got no day to report Grizzlies. Luca Reporter is? Yeah, Grizzlies for sure. Kings at t Wolves. T Wolves. I'm gonna go Kings Out of pocket.


Oh definitely. No I'm going S Bucks at Thunder. Thunder. Take the thunder at home. I'm gonna go Bucks. Pelicans A Nets Pills Go to sleep Playing night. Yeah, I'm taking Pelicans. Yeah. Go get some food. Pacers at Jazz. Jazz. Take the Pacers. That's fucked up. Magic at Warriors Magic and then Suns at Blazers. How many times have they played too? I'm going at the, I'm going with the Blazers. Blazer be Row right now. Blazer? Yeah. Suns is ruining that tonight. Got the sons for sure. Verify Bucket be here. Who is getting to it over the weekend? Oh I gotta give it to my boy Triple J. You know I hate when you don't rebound but you having 37 yesterday and seven three pointers.


I fuck with you nasty. Good game For sure man. I'm gonna take it to college. Basketball man. SEC. Freshman College Blacks for Vanderbilt. She had 53. That's that's good money in my book. Yeah she hooped. I'm gonna go with Aaron Wiggins on Saturday. He when we were 41 14. That's crazy. A lot of people don't know him out in OKC. I mean started to make a name for himself. 41 and 14 is crazy shit. Saturday Tray Young we're crazy. 34 and 17. Yeah. All in the lost though. But shit, 17 sisters nothing to season after so Man shit. We do. We do. He ain't got Stu, he got Trey. That's crazy man. They treat Trey young like that. He said don't call it nothing else, just call it you got Trey.


That's crazy. And he got every right to say that though. Yeah facts. He should have made an Allstar team multiple times. Like way more times. But damn it is what it's yeah well soon be here. Who need to start that week out for some encouragement? Probably the Mavs 91 46. It's crazy bro. Oh That is nuts. They set the rest of their stars. You know they just had to trade but 50 balls crazy bro. That that's, that's insane. I that Mavs organization that the city of Dallas. I have friends in Dallas bro. They are Shity bro. Now people are upset. The Cowboys already suck. Like it Ain't the LeBron effect like when LeBron left Cleveland.


Nah, but it's close but It's close bro. Real. Oh yeah bro. It is close bro. Like the economy ain't going down but Nah hell nah. But that team, that fan base is hurt. Shit. Yeah y'all for sure get well soon. The caskets was definitely necessary. The funny part about it's Cleveland said off they hurt. We still don't get what fuck. Well they asked in the first half bro. Yeah we almost put up a hundred and a half. It's crazy for sure. I Wilson man young boy. Oh Gigi Jackson on Vert. Gimme that shit. I fuck with Gigi.


I can't wait till he get all the way back so he can hoop a job man. Yeah he that young, that young talent they was looking for. He was just happen to be hurt young players. It's him Jalen. Well and Jack Ed, they got a nice young core that got something built with in the future for sure. Memphis do a great job of drafting. They do. They find good draft picks like you said Kind car. Everybody want him D bang. Yeah they do a good job for sure. They they got a good eye for talent. Damn. The only one they missed on was the kid from what his name He went to see H King with Brian and him recently. Yeah they drafted him in the first round. Forgot what went, I think might went to Stanford. Hmm.


Yeah I don't know. He played with Bronny. NMSH. King Zaire. Who? Zaire he went to, he went to Stanford I think. I don't, I think he went to Texas a and m. I could be wrong. No I think he went to Stanford I think. Yeah, I know exactly what you're talking about. Well he went to see H King with is Zaire Williams ain't it? Yeah, Definitely not Zaire Wade Zaire. He went to Stanford. Right. And he ain't claiming his set. I know. Yeah he went to Stanford. There we go. Yeah he went to Stanford.


Yeah there we go. Okay. For sure. Last but not least man, get well soon. Derrick White man. That boy yeah say I love when he played against the Celtics. He hoop every time he play the Celtics it's all smoke. Yeah. He does not look like no NBA player bro. He don't look like he can move until he, he start dunking on everybody. LeBron found out He looked like Main Event from a one. That's funny as hell. If Main Event panned out he would've been game. That's crazy man. That's the funniest shit with all them an one.


They used to think they could go to the league. I I really think Alimo could have made it bro. Yeah He was cold but Black Widow RIPI remember AO and them did them NBA workouts nigga they could not stand a chance. Nah, a o it is quiet Man. Them when they used to show them working down the running band gym. I'm like y'all dying on down the backs here sleep for the league. Yeah it's Quiet. It was over. I had too many pushups. Y'all wasn't doing no pushups. That Was a wild era. What was the nigga that looked like Ken Martin? You talking about 50 50? He is so weak 50 talking about he had a 50 inch vertical. That nigga did all one hand Rim grazers Old boy that did that seven 20. What was my boy name? Air up there?


Yeah, Up there. He had bounced though Like a motherfucker bro. He did that seven 20. I remember nigga coming to 'em when they used to come to the city bro they used to have bankers. Slap What? When the professor on tour when it first started bro, it was lit and the man lost 700,000 followers last night. They lost 700,000 followers. Since they trade Luca since they traded Luca, they gonna lose some season ticket holders too. You Have to bro. How'd That feel for Anthony Davis though? Like going to a situation where basically Luca was about to be, he was looked at to be the face of the league. Yeah and you get traded for him and not saying that in your own right. You a hall of Famer, you code but you go into a fan base that's gonna be like we don't want this shit Damn near because they look at him as like damaged goods bro.


Yeah. That's what's fucking me up about this. I'm like people are acting like an Davis ain't like a first ball hall of Fame. Like he not elite still. Nah, nah. DJ, they they, I don't think they doing that. They like, we don't know if this nigga gonna play. I think the people in Dallas is like, we know he good. I don't think they slow but they like shit. We don't know. Well y'all just gave away a motherfucker that barely played that was already, he was 25. Yeah. Y'all giving us a 30-year-old nigga now. Like I nah, ain't nothing, Ain't nothing bro. I feel you. I be shit if I lost looking too, like damn, but 80 ain't that bad but I just went to the fucking championship. I, I don't know Y I'm never gonna understand. It just happened last year. Like you gave away. You gave away Dirk Literally bro.


Yeah that's they they, he was the next Dirk for the Dirk suite had me cracking up. He just put the eyes emoji like yeah Bro y'all gave up Dirk and y'all brought back Michael Finley bro. Yeah. Know what I'm saying? So they Go compare this to years like damn both the teams makes conference finals just said fuck they teams. 'cause T will trade the cat. Yeah, they go to the finals, get rid of Luca. Crazy thing is though, I think on some, not on no funny shit. I think that Dallas is gonna be good when all them niggas is on the court together though. I hope they got another mood back too. Nah, Nico gonna be cooked. Yeah, He gonna be toast but I think they got a good chance to be really, really good. Did you see Jason kid face when Nico was like, yeah J Kid didn't even know either. His eyes got big as hell in them glasses. I said yeah, Nico was like, yeah, three to four years from now, that's the future, two years the future.


Me and Jay may not be here. I said oh yeah, he just playing with house money at this point. Yeah, he just don't give a fuck. That's hard. He playing 2K bro. Yeah, he like, and Luca must have said something. He ain't like fuck him. He said if five years if I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna go out my way. Yeah. Going back history one way or another. Tom will tell be here who trying to win some money today?


Man, what you got for him Today? I got K Ingham. K Cunningham, 20 points. Jordan Pool 20, Jalen Green 20, Anthony Edwards 25, Giannis 25, Wendy 25, and Carol 25 and Freaky Z. $2,300 wins you $11,000 today. Mm. Damn. So slight to start the week off. Right man. Shout to Draft Kings. Use that promo Code Club five 20 get you a little bonus bet with that. Listen, we got a great, great pod drop today at 12:00 PM Eastern Tap in. We appreciate y'all. We'll see y'all same time tomorrow. Five 20 In The Morning for sure.


The Volume.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts, the untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua tga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with deep blues, sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.