
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music, and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing. On the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing, and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blues sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


The Volume. Good morning. Happy Tuesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? Sorry we wouldn't hear yesterday man. It was crazy traveling. Getting back from San Francisco. Man, shout out to everybody in them airports going through it, man. We was definitely certain one of those people for show. But I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. You say you wasn, you had a smooth transition. Shout out to y'all on me. Can't relate to my left, my right bishop pen tomorrow. My brother t fellas. Good morning. What's happen? Him bro. Yeah, I got outta there. I see bro. I I feel like home alone bro. I woke up and 1:00 AM looking around. I said damn, it's just me. Yeah, Lemme go ahead and swipe. Come get back home Dog. I got on that 5:00 AM flight and it was a crying baby behind me man.


I just knew today was gonna get wicked. For sure man. But shout out to San Francisco man. Five 20. Had a wonderful time out there man. All Star Weekend we went crazy. Shout out to the sponsors who held us down man. Shout to Michel net. Shout to Foot Locker. We had a time out there fellas. How y'all living out there? It's Cool man. Shout out to Damon Adidas for inviting us to their little activation tour. That was hard. Most definitely. Shout to JR r You still get shouts on the show man. It just might be a little bit more positive now. Yeah, My dog came and got us at the door. We beat all that long, long line. So shout out to JR for sure. Most definitely man, listen, let's get straight to it man. We didn't get a chance to recap our All Star Weekend, but we gonna go over the games and stuff. Listen, the skills challenge we, let's just start there man.


Chris Paul doing Chris ball stuff man. Find a loophole to win the skills challenge man. How you get disqualified in the skills challenge. I don't understand why they just, I thought you had to make the shots. That's probably why I was confused. You just had to shoot 'em. You gotta attempt them. Yeah, so he, it Was a brilliant plan. It was. It was a smart plant. It was so Chris. It was but you should have just really just shot it though. If that was the case, They did one of 'em. They was just to it up there and arrested. That nigga was just, I'm like what is this? He Made it right this Skip Josh I love, I didn't understand. I swear to God I thought you had to make it to move on so, okay. No You have to attempt though. Oh okay. He a mad genius Trying to finesse the skills challenge bro.


This is a family Fri event bro. You, that's how you know that nigga probably be cutting up at the fair reunion bro. Like all the little games you be playing with your family, He too competitive bro. Team like a ball fucker Bro. Uno, he probably filthy. Nah, facts. Hey he couldn't play Uno. Oh my God. The ultimate Uno and T, him and this nigga be fighting. Matter fact, that's that's a goal play CP and Ultimate Uno. That'd be the most competitive Shit. Mostly League concept for sure. That's funny. Resurfaced together on internet. The whole Jersey untucked situation. It was just like, I don't know if y'all talked about that but please remind Tee of that situation. A mad genius bro. He know all the rules to everything. Like he knew the rules to that shit.


So he did. All we gotta do is attempt. They can't say it's not a shot of temp. He said just make it look more player though bro. Yeah I see him. That nigga did like that. I said fan, what is this bro? This weekend is already a disgrace bro. What y'all doing with man? Yeah, it was funny though. It was fun. There was some entertainment. Nah Man. Find the loopholes and the skills challenge man. Most definitely Miss Shout out to CP or Win Me man for getting disqualified. Donvan Mitchell fmo, we got that do for sure. Skills challenge. I like when back when there's better one player. I don't like that team stuff. Go back to when it was just iso, ISO situations man. For sure. Three point contest. Your favorite white boy took the dove home. Yeah, I told You called it. You called it early. Yeah. Shout out to Tyler Hero man.


Get that little a hundred k. I fuck with it. I think it's, I mean the last couple years they've had the best shooters in there but it's crazy how like the three point contest has passed the dunk contest. Right. Yeah. Unfortunately we didn't get to have Steph versus Sabrina but I think going forward we'll have some interaction with some of the W players like Kaly Clark. Obviously she wants to do it for the W first and foremost, but anything else they think they need to do for the three point contest to change or just keep having the shooters in there? Nah, that's, that's just keep that simple bro. Don't tweak that. Just let leave that one alone man. Okay. Yeah I already didn't touch everything else. Leave that one alone Richard Tee. That's the one thing they got right in the Allstar so far. Yeah, I mean it's a three point shooting league so they should probably move this to the main event. Mm. I mean they shoot 50 threes a game now So you might want to highlight the NBA like that's what we do in the NBA now we shoot a bunch of threes.


The dunk not really that important to us no more. So you probably should make this the main event. Most definitely. That could definitely move that to Sunday for show. Let's get straight to it man. Dunk contest. Shout to Mac McCluen man. Three Pete for show four 50 dunks man. And I was seeing some of his warm abductive stuff like that. He be going crazy for sure. I don't like that. We gotta hold that against him that the contest is watered down than it used to be but you gotta go win And he won three of 'em in a row so I gotta show some respect there. What do we do to change this? What do we do to make this better? Is it possible at this point? Nah, I just had the best players in there. The best dunkers in there I think shouts to him. We didn't seen all the dunks you can do. Like he jumping over cars, people stacking people on top of each other.


He, it ain't nothing else else you can do bro. I, unless somebody gotta go between the legs twice and I don't know if anybody did that yet in the NBAI know some of the dunkers on YouTube at but Yeah they gotta do a 7 22 bro. They gotta do a freaky idea. Somebody did that a seven 20 in the game I think In the game in the dunk contest. Oh buddy did it. What All depot? Where he did a five 40? Yeah I think it might have been a five 40. You said in the game boy somebody pulled up for seven 20 in the game. Oh Boy. From man one did. I'm talking in the A game. I'm just saying what his name they Up there or something like that. Yeah, Yeah boy that NBA game. Somebody do a seven 20.


Nah I old boy from the Spurs too. He had some good dunks. Yeah, shout to Step on Castle held her down rookie crazy for sure. Yeah But it just ain't too many dunks that we ain't seen It. It ain't hype. It ain't hype no more. I mean he only had four people in it. Like that's kind of crazy. You get to a point to where you, you start off at the semifinals. Zach Levine said he he hopping in next year. Yeah I seen some of the players, I seen Josh talk about, I seen Zach Levine tweet, we seen the tweets before and we also got LeBron James get on there and say Hard. He Ain't gonna lie. Nah I see his dunks wasn't trash bro. Yeah it ain't trash nasty but it's just Oh that Was like we seen this with Aaron Gordon. That's tough. We Aaron Gordon did that though. Yeah he did. Even crazier though.


So I gotta ask. We talked About trash to that white boy man. The YouTube people, I mean after YouTube but Every dunk he do he jump over somebody. Yeah you gotta ask him Paul Still his sauce too. Shout to sef his he He got crazy bounce though Reacting like that. I fuck with that. You could tell that was like thoroughly entertained by him. But you talking about some of the YouTube dunkers they be making shit up every single day. Like they be going crazy like is at this point do we just integrate them 'cause I mean they talking about M McClean being pretty much the G League player getting called up for the dunk contest and the he gone like if that's the case, if you just wanna entertain people, entertain people stop asking the allstars to do it 'cause they obviously not gonna do it right now. I, I just feel like if you wanna bring it back, see this is the problem we grew up wanting to see Vince and Tmac and shit.


Steve Francis, them niggas actually used to killing in games too when we see our favorite players BD like hopping dunk contests. No I'm just saying we you know BD used to dunk on nigga. Oh he Said Big DI was like that's crazy. Come On bro ain't no boyfriend. I was like bro that's wild bro. Nah bd Shout to simple People. Yeah, nah, nah nah I'm just saying though like we actually watch them play every day so for y'all to put in a YouTuber that we don't know and that's not even about us no more 'cause it's probably kids that know about them just like the streaming world. But that's just, that's not a vibe bro. It's not a vibe bro. The NBA all stars from NBA talent.


Shout to Mike McClenan. Not saying you're not an NBA talent but it's kind of like damn bro you done won three times in a row, You just won. See your favorite. Yeah bro your favorite players compete in the dunk contest So you had John Marin, Zach Levine people will be hype about the dunk contest just 'cause they know them players for for real for real. Yeah. Yeah but I mean they should make the three point contest, the main event on Saturday night. People get up for that. People wanna see somebody run off 30 threes in a row. Whatever. That's the crazy part about it. Like you said it is. It is to the point to where it don't even matter no more. They have to put the stars back in. There's gonna be a mute point 'cause I know we'll get to it. Like even talking about possibly adding some more money instead this could you make the money better for people to wanna do the dunk contest.


Like if they upped it a million you think the people would be more intrigued. They still like I don't care Shit. Even now I just think it's no more dunks to be done. Like I don't think people like man what can I do that ain't been done. I seen dude do the 360 man windmill. Soon as he did everybody like he ain't do it like Vince quarter. Like what can he do? Ain't nothing else to do. Yeah. Dang that's crazy. We got talk About you only can have so much bounce Man. Well I don't know. I think let, if the YouTubers are going to be involved let 'em come do tutorials. Let 'em show the niggas that's the end the dunk contest. Give em some ideas. At least They do that though. I say that'd be my problem. They'd be consulting all them people and then they come out and don't do them dunks. Well I'm talking about give the give the stars bro. Like give Java Ranch some tips bro. Like they giving back MCC CL and no disrespect them type niggas.


Nah bro help the, if they going to put the stars in there bro let the YouTubers come and really get 'em niggas some actual dunks to do because I think the YouTubers bro you saying it ain't no dunks bro. Some shit out there bro that ain't been televised bro. On an NB Star Weekend Count how long these dudes is practicing these dunks. These dudes got a weekend to practice these dunks. That's true. I mean they might do something after practice but they still playing NBA games. YouTubers go to LA Fitness. Yeah these dunks all day. They fucking They knees up vaa. Right. You said they Ed dunks ain't no three point line on the corners Man running up there giving them a try.


No that's true. That's crazy. I'm not going through the breakdown of this all Star Game format. Let's just talk about it. That shit was a joke bro. Like that was a joke. The Rising Stars challenge. Okay. It's cool you get to showcase a little bit more players too. But to get straight to at one point that was very valid Draymond said was I worked my ass off all year just to go play somebody that's a rookie and sophomore on Sunday. That is crazy. That's a a very simple perspective. I don't think a lot of people thought of especially for him to say that. That's some bullshit man. It is. I I told you I didn't fuck with it from the gate. I was giving it a chance. I love TNTI love inside the NBA but I do think that they made this event way too much about them instead of the actual All Star Game.


Well that's they last hoorah in it. Yeah, but Yeah no you right. But I think that's why they did it. Yeah. This this is the last hoorah bro. Fuck it. Yeah I ain't, I when Kevin Hart started talking I just turned it off like yeah I ain't wanna watch all that. He talked to he had, they had him talking too much. Yeah he put Shay off too. Shay was tight. Yeah it was weird man. And and we'll say it again for the Get Well Soon moment bro. They ain't even played basketball for 33 minutes. The whole two and a half hours was them yapping. They got to 11 points. We was also in a hotel, went down and got my food chopped up with the Uber driver came back and it was a performance. I'm like why is there a halftime game and they're going to 40 points. Like that's a joke.


You can't even give it to people a chance to be entertained and people, them tickets ain't cheap And people food is San Francisco for all this stuff. Man you gotta give them a better product man. Just go back to the og. That's all. Yeah, east, east and west is where you wanna start at. That's All bro. Just, just leave it there. That's cool. Shit I told you all you gotta do is go east and west, throw back jerseys, the nostalgia will be there. Put your favorite players in it and people just say and they'll play put the money up to a million dollars for the team that win and a hundred thousand for the team That lose Ey Up the scope people Play different Niggas will start Hooping. Yeah. They'd be like oh I'm already here. I might as well win the money. Yeah Like I'm already here.


Nah that's true. That's a hell of a drop off though. Yeah you the M to a hundred K. Oh niggas is sick. Yeah they gonna be like Kyrie Irv who took out old boy pot who hit the half court shot. That was hilarious. Shouts Kyrie for that man taking that boy bread like that some notable situations. LeBron a very, very late DNP people was upset about that. Yeah because somebody else could have got a chance to be a All-Star Norman Powell. Some of these guys that got robbed. Yeah I seen Dame say another scenario for the All Star Game if they keep it this format that the people that got snug Should be the team. Yeah it Should be the team instead of the rookie sophomore. I was like that that's damn near dope. Yeah If you gonna keep it that way. Yeah.


Yeah An all snub team. I like that. 'cause if you would've looked this year pre injuries, that'd been a competitive team man. They got Edge on their shoulder. Yeah It would've been Trey Young woman Powell. Who else got in 'cause of somebody Kyrie got in late 'cause of injury. Yeah you would've had a squad and not for nothing. Shout out to the rights and stars 'cause they came out there and competed like I mean they did they job obviously we don't want them in that format by any means. But I can't be mad at them for getting out there and playing like they took advantage of the opportunity but some gotta change man. 'cause like the LeBron LA DNP and then obviously AE sat out basically too. Do we even see that bunch of Kevin Durant like nah so we already got water down game and some of the biggest stars, we don't know how many more Allstar games LeBron got left and LeBron DP He don't care bro.


Nah he don't. He even like the format probably probably man like doing this shit. Y'all Should have put his son in the rising stars that he would've played. They should have put bro in the Rising Star Game. For real. He would've played Then he got offered for the G League. Yeah I was gonna say he should have been on the G League squad. He was nothing. He did, he turned it down. Oh bro. Brony did pee? Yeah he turned down the G League again Bro. DNP in the All Star Game is crazy bro. He's a goat. He's officially a goat. I did not know that Boy. I hate these niggas man. Oh he's a goat. I didn't know that Brody was not On that. Oh man. This Chris Hayes, we have to talk to you.


I did not know about this news Breaking news Bro. Dakotas fuck a All Star Game. He wasn't playing the G League All Star Game Bro. Said nobody named LeBron James will be playing this shit this weekend. Me or my son. You can't do that man. Yeah bro. I'm not trying to go Who bro go. Who my nigga. I'm hot in the G League bro. I'm in the NBA. Yeah Bro. I'm not trying to go hoop or Reed Shepherd bro. I get real minutes But I'm not in the G League. I'm in the league Bro. You come fuck with us bro. You pull up, you do pull up. No I'm still in one of y'all spots 'cause I pull up and I leave and I go play in the league bro, I ain't no G Leaguer.


You are Bro. Your best games the season has been down here with us bro. Yes you were not been, You killed down here with a game bro. I'm not in G League Bro. You not your dad. I'm really not fucking with you Bro. I'm on a standard NBA contract bro. Bro you are selling out G League games. You are a G League affiliate. You are your daddy of the G League. You are a South Bay Laker for sure. What the fuck You're your daddy of the G League? How's the main talent? Not sure bro. Bro I'm a league. I'm in the league bro. That's why I if you paying for JZ chickens bro and we pull up bro. Nah bro I'm in the league bro. If you pay for home tickets and Memphis bleak pull up, you are pissed. Don't ever do that to Bleak and I love Bleak. Don't do that to Bleak. Bleak my dog.


A bleak pull up is still to be lit. We're out here my shit. But if I'm expecting to see Jigga and I see Bleak, I am pissed. That don't even, that don't even add up. That's like Jay-Z Go To perform for Bleak. Nah more like that. Brony go play a G League. No I'm on a standard NBA contract Bro. Bro. E bro. Pull up gang. We fuck with you down here bro. These people pay good money to see you bro. And you tell us no Nobody went to the G League All Star Game bro. It'd be thick in there bro. No it don't bro. Where where is it play at? They don't even know where it's played.


Hey ain't no ain't no telling bro. But I'm telling you if it's a game it has to be played Somewhere. Ain't Disrespect the G Leaguers because no they G League they be hoop but like nobody going to the G League All Star Game. Yeah G League. A Lot of scouts and stuff go to those games but yeah It'd Be more of a serious game than an All Star Game for the G League. It's like a show Every invitational showcase for show. Yeah It is like a showcase. Boy. I'm already on a standard deal. I don't let somebody else have that spot Boy y'all funny as hell. Oh man. Shout out to bro bro. Every time I under that's the Best shit in this morning man. Every time I underestimate your game bro. You, you take it to another level bro. I got a cop of Brony jersey bro. He's a legend From the South Bay.


No they don't make those But y'all tell me they Should. You can't follow those in Dicks. I said Dicks Sport Goods you got, you gotta say the whole name bro. Respect. Shout to Dicks Sport Goods. We need the deal for sure. That's hilarious. Bet I'm surprised Grady Dicks is not as sporting good. He don't have no S on his name. King just call him GD The real one for sure. How y'all feel about that one B one tournament? They propos million dollar prize y'all something? Yeah that that'll bring the All Star Game back. Yeah the players is interested. Mm Kyrie said he'll do it So you got Kyrie Yani said he'll do it and dang They gotta do a different way though.


He gotta be like a six five an under one and a six six and of them something like that. I don't wanna see Giannis play it. Kyrie Nah position by position. You Treated it like the old skill Charles that had the guards rush forwards and they played the champ. Okay. Yeah I don't wanna see Kyrie verse Giannis in the one V one. Everybody's just like nah that don't make sense King. Get a court just roll em out there, line 'em up. I mean I feel ya but like man come on it's Not gonna be as entertaining. It ain't gonna be entertaining bro. We gonna be mad. Nah that's what happened with the girls like them forwards was playing them little guards and they just started They too little. Yeah Kyle versus job Moran be cool position by position.


Yeah because even de cam reddish practice interview not interview footage surface And he was out there frying motherfuckers one V one. They were just like players like that to get out there and thrive. Yeah It looked like 17 U cam reddish bro. What he was doing doing to them Laker players? He different. It gotta be a six six and under and a six seven and up. Yeah. Three dribbles, Nah hoop, Nah seven seconds shot clock. I like that. Whatever they had in the the women they set the standard. Yeah they had that was fire for them. Yeah I always said their dribbles 'cause it's post players boy they'll get up there and jab jab punk fake for 30 seconds and Shit. Yeah but they give you a shot clock with a seven seconds or something.


Yeah You ain't got time for That. Nah you gotta get straight to it. Nah, that'll be hard. Nah that would be fire. They put that on Saturday. Yeah I'm Something That'd be the highlight. That should be the, that should. That's over the three point contest. That'd Be over the dunk contest For sure. Dunk, dunk contest. Damn near the JV game. Make that first. Yeah Then there. Mm Okay. Put the J dunk contest first three point then the one V one. Yeah. Get rid of the skills challenge. Yeah that's the skills challenge one V one. Yeah I like that. Yeah 'cause nobody cares about skills challenge. I know they got sponsors they gotta feed and make them happy but nobody care about no damn skills Challenge for sure. Yeah you can do the Taco Bell one V one.


Mm Yeah I'm sure any need a sponsor. It is gonna be hella sponsor for that. I See my Taco Bell skills challenge. I don't know if y'all can see that But Oh my fault. Yeah don't worry about it. Where Is it Man? See that nigga heard Taco Bell ear lit up. Where is, yeah you Know the real DoorDash Be here. What? What's your Taco Bell order? Two Chalupa Supreme Beef, A Hard Taco Shell Supreme and a Brisk Lemonade. A Arnold Palmer. And if I, if I want a dessert.


What's the little crunchy things I forgot. Churros. No, the churros. That's, that's a, your house Cinnamon twist no twist. It's it is twists Twist. That ain't gonna say it's the Twist. Hey that's crazy. That nigga so weird. That nigga so weird. What was that though? Why'd you, because that's what you did nigga. I was say Mike, that's crazy. Nigga said they, they done twist with the ankle hand twist Crazy With the ankle bro. If you go to Taco Bell and do this they going to have security and s escort you out that line there with the ankle.


I Don't know why bro. When you put this ankle up, I think that's just going, I don't know bro. This shit be fired. Your stock gonna go down bro. It ain't up. I don't think you going get no more pictures bro. Niggas ain't gonna be making no requests bro. That's that's two. That's two N words for me. Pull your pants up. That's what's what I Down I pay. He said leg. I Respect. Respect.


Dell Technology is celebrating with the anniversary savings on their most popular tech. For a limited time only save a select NextGen PCs like the XPS 16 powered by Intel core Ultra processor and more, unleash more possibilities with cutting edge systems. There's most advanced features and great prices. Plus curate your dream. Set up the deals on select monitors. Mice and more must have electronics and accessories when you shop online. dell.com/deals. You'll have access to the state of art technology to match your forward thinking, spirit and free shipping on everything. Anniversary Servings await you for a limited time only at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


Dash pass has a members only deal for the 24 25 BA season. They whoosh you save when any player scores 50 or more points in the game during the 24 25 NBA regular season dash pass members save 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Shay has 50 point games so the A VP front murder might get you another soon. Use your promo code NBA 50 today after the 50 point game during the 24 25 NB. A regular season from noon to midnight. Get half off of an order when a player goes through full throttle and scores 50 points or more in a single game up to $10. Yes it's any player in any game but it's only for dash pass members now remember, sign up for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders Plus exclusive perks like this one valid with use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game on eligible orders at participating Merchants must have an active dash pass account terms apply. Don't forget this. Promo code NBA 50 valid for dash pass members only from noon to midnight the day after any player scores 50 points or more in a single game. Dash pass member say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Sign up for dash pass.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now I dunno if you have the update but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah it was like do I send the heart now Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Alright man. Hope we stop talking about All Star Weekend. Obviously we've gave some some things that could probably be improved upon. Is there anything y'all would like to see next year? Nope. Just that one V one. I'm cool with that One V one. Y'all good with that? Yeah for sure.


That's crazy man. All Star Game used to be a really important moment for us. Now remember like a offer thought but we five buckets man over the weekend Matt MCC clung. I'm starting him off man. Three dunk contests in a row. Shout to you man. Try to put that event on your back 'cause the NBA damn sure don't care about it but you holding it down taking advantage. I think he want more money winning dunk contest than he has in his contracts. Hey I ain't mad at you bro. Take advantage of this situation for sure. Yeah, Good job bro. For sure. Be hearing who you got? I'm gonna take Mikayla Blakes another 50 point game Hooping. I think she had like 30 points in like the last seven or eight minutes of the game. She went crazy. Who? Mikayla Blanks Vanderbilt.


She's cold. Oh she'd be kidding her. Yeah she broke the freshman. She a freshman high. Yeah. I wonder what she averaging this year. Yeah, let's put or STAs up this od She already dropped 55 this year. She had a 53. Yeah that's that's crazy. I just wanted to see if she averaging the D We can go back to it. She Got an average though. She got two 50 pieces. She gotta be doing something. Well they figured that out. My verified bucket is Steph Curry second MVP. He brought it in his hometown. Well home team town, whatever you wanna call it. One it in the bay. Yes sir. From his home crowd. He went crazy at the end too. I know JT got that done for game was killed the whole time. They're supposed to let Steph hit another three to win that game. I ain't care what the score was.


Yeah she average at 23 this year. That's why she hooping out. Especially as a freshman for sure. Shout to Steph man. Man I'm happy for games to come back just little Derrick period we be having after the Allstar. I know y'all need to rest to get back and move around but boy it'd be tough out here without basketball. Let's go to the super chat f fa said what do y'all think are the magic chances of making the playoffs after slipping in January? I think they'll make the playoffs for sure. They needed this rest more than anybody did 'cause they've been hurt all year. For sure. Yeah You out east man. You got the chance for anything. Yeah I think they probably what, six anyway. Even though they dropped all those games, they still gonna make the playoffs for sure anyway. Yeah they be sure. Yeah for sure. Shots in the magic man. They're doing the best they can. Super chatty Gi, Zay Black, the NY pay OG too much money in a nobi.


Yeah of course. Yeah they overpaid for him of course. And a lot of that was to pay to keep him from being for another team too. But yeah they definitely, they I think he's the biggest son ain't he in Nick's history. Yeah. Yeah. And he ain't the one or two player on the team so Yeah they they definitely paid the King's ransom for him. Well He the fourth best player on the next. I ain't gonna say he the fourth best but he is Debatable on a given night. Him and Mikel. Yeah that's what I was saying. Four Is he four? Yeah it's a toss up for sure. But if we talking about your possibly fourth best player getting the most money in your team Me Yeah that definitely qualifies. Overpaid OG getting 36 Jalen Brunswick getting 25. Damn. Damn, damn damn.


Shout my boy Josh Harbo get that chicken boy. 18 M's. He underpaid too. On the lowest of keys. Get that chicken. Nah, shout to og. You get that bag whenever you need to. Ain't never mad at that. Yeah man. Isman Wickett. CJ McComb dropped 43 on Thursday before he took his little sabbatical. Saboni had 22 and 28 before they took the sabbatical. We gonna do a lot of hypotheticals about how the season will go tomorrow. But I want to ask y'all, is there one player on one team y'all look forward to, to seeing the rest of the season? Just ready to see Ed going another Terry Anthony Edwards. Okay, That's it for me. I know Shay gonna do his thing though.


I just wanna see if Dere Fox and Wendy can figure it out. Mm This is back end of the season. See if they can get anything going For sure. Scroll a little bit. I can't see behind the camera. There we go right now. Shout to William Strong super Chat. Say how y'all feel about what Oscar Robinson said about Draymond Green be here. Your man's Oscar Robinson City Legend. See I be telling y'all, y'all be showing too much love to them old heads, they quick to shit on y'all any chance they get. You had no reason to say that bro. No reason to say that. He was just voicing his opinion. So for you to always, I mean not always but for you to bring up him just passing the ball to Steph Curry. That's never like saying shut up and dribble bro.


I'm nothing You like you, you born too. You don't do nothing to pass the ball. Yeah I don't But if they get on there and get get the disrespect back then it's a problem. I don't, I don't rock with that bro. I don't rock with that. Yes or whatever they he been talking shit. I told y'all that though. Oscar Robinson talks shit boy for the longest so whatever. That's funny to be here. Oscar Robinson got beef bad. That's funny as hell for sure. Sure. Forever. Super Chat RM Philly set for fatigue. Have you seen a new WWE LFG show? If so, how do you think Undertaker and Booker he evaluate be here during a tryout. He's saying how would he evaluate Okay be he skillset during a tryout But during his, The new show that they got for WWE and so basically like tough enough like the old tough enough.


Okay. But I haven't got to watch the episode yet 'cause we was out in San Fran doing a bunch of stuff so I ain't get a a chance to check it out. I'm gonna go home and check it out today after I leave here and I get back with you tomorrow for Sure be here What? Ready for your debut? Nah, I'm Not. You cool? I'm cool bro. Bro you be here fall too now you gotta, you gotta carry the burn now. Nah, I'm just here to support bro. For Sure. I'm the nigga walking with undertaker. Little chubby they used to walk over. That's all I got for the Five two family. I can definitely see you being the WWE manager for sure. That would be far. That's all I got for the five two family man. Fall two lock it in.


We got you gotta come out the next event with him bro. For sure. Super chat Teddy Hart says KC has too many young players and peeks to keep 'em all. If Oga C don't win a chip should they consolidate and trade for Katy's off season game over? Yeah they have a lot of assets to do whatever they want to if they come up short this year. Whatever's disappointing for them. They definitely need to go ahead and get another superstar if possible. But I think they good as is. I mean if they don't get over the hump with all the people they got try Bro. They saying James Harden know kc, they straight. Nah they don't and they young they ain't supposed to be here. Yeah Right. Yeah there ain't no expectations bro. Like That. Yeah got one max player. They over, they over exceeding. Most definitely. They Got one max player right now.


Yeah. Oh they can chill. I don't like them type of talks. You don't do something like that until you got two or three max players on your team. Yeah that's when you gotta start all we gotta get rid of some of these guys Figuring some shit out. Yeah but like Because they had what they had to decide between James hard and and The Boxings boxing. Yep. They both was up. Yeah but they already had what Ru Russell and kd. KD on Max Divs. Yeah. Now I asked you this question if hey you know what I'm saying, do decent this year and the price for KD ain't two od do you entertain it at least Always gonna be od. Okay Because he on his way out bro. It's gonna always be od everybody, everybody know Kevin Durant love basketball. He gonna play basketball until he can't play no more. He not like LeBron.


Yeah He not like Brian. Like Brian don't, I mean Brian played 22 years but KD fuck around play till he 45. He don't, he like basketball bro. He don't do nothing but basketball. Yeah and even the, the snippet they had from the documentary and him talking about like being geek to that Olympic moment like that was fire to see. Oh yeah he crying about basketball. Don't too many niggas cry about basketball. Nah bro. Yeah he's always a constant professional to tell you how much he love basketball. But I don't know man. I think it'd be far somehow some way he went and got a chip with them. That'd be crazy. Him and Shay get a chip for KC. That'd be he. Yeah. I wonder if he even want to go back there though to be honest because He different wouldn't go back to Golden State. I made that very Clear. That's a great question. If I ever got to talk to Katie, I wonder would you ever go back to OKC do you, would you be open to that Shout?


Shout to Teddy Hart with the shot any more in there. Alright cool. For sure man. Give us, someone will be here who need to start that week out for a little bit of encouragement. Prior to University of Illinois. Jeff showed me that hanging a jersey upside down. I don't even know how I got upside down. Y'all didn't see it on the floor so to raise that bitch all the way up in the air and do that, you know what I mean? It's crazy. Yeah that's a joke man. Had my nigga pull that up He He Had to think they was trolling bro. Yeah bro had to Bro. And what a lot of people aren't taking in context of the situation.


You know the allegations that he had to beat while he was there, it had to sit out. He was a killer too. So y'all already messed up his draft stock in that situation and then y'all go and play in his face on the night he's supposed to get honored. Yeah That's wild bro. Illinois is out pocket. That's why Deros decommitted shit like this. That's tough though. That is Crazy. I would've been like yo, y'all trolling. Yeah who did that But shout to him to get your jersey retired but damn they trolling. Yeah. Get that right bro. Upside down bro. I need another night bro. Nah for sure. Nah for real. I feel you. Y'all gotta do this right bro. They gotta gimme another night at least Guarantee me a job when I get done hooping or something. Yeah Bro. Fact something bro y gotta make this right Upside down is ridiculous for Sure.


I'm on internet for the rest of my life bro. I was like who the fuck man Who did that? Who was responsible for that? It had to be somebody that didn't fuck with Whoever it was got fired. Hey what's worse the dro, the D Wade statue or getting your D Wade statue? Nah that bro That. Nah bro. D Wade's tattoos crazy bro. Hey you know why D Wade's worse, we'll be on his ass over here but he had something to do with it. That's what make it even worse bro. Oh Dude didn't have nothing to do with his jersey being retired. Like That's worse because for you, For you to be a part of the art project and still and then you say fuck nigga.


Who? Who is that guy nigga? You, you, you Drew. He did not say that. Yeah he did. He did. He said who is that guy? He did in the video? Yes he did bro. I think that D Wade was just trying to show love 'cause he rocked the organization so tough. I don't think that that was supposed to come out the way he thought it would. I think he just was like alright. Right. Well it's here now. Right O out to y'all. I don't think that he was all the way through that. I think he, I think that's Ka He got it. I think he don't even care. Well you know what Salute I got It. I'm saying he probably don't care about he is like all that's a Statue's a little question. My bad. I didn't mean to bring up that verse this morning. Told each But I think Terrence, he care. I'll be embarrassed forever like we laugh at that statue but D Wade gonna have so many more statues and Jersey retirements.


This dude probably never get nothing else retired and no no shade. I'm just saying like he a young player in the league. It's kind of tough to get your jersey retired. Yeah bro. Like you gotta be a hall of famer. You ain't playing as a rookie. I'm not saying you can't get there Most definitely But it is probably it ain't looking too promising right now you gonna get another retirement and to get it at a school like Illinois that you went through a lot there man that moment is kind of brought us embarrassing bro. Yeah for sure Illinois get that right. It ain't his fault at all but shit he's standing there like Oh that's crazy. Damn. Yeah At least D Wade can laugh about it Like they all a hall of Famer, they out him da da da. The whole crowd arena is laughing and shit.


That's crazy. What's Like, what are they doing That is, that is Crazy. It is dickhead like who's a dickhead that messed it up like That's crazy man. Get Wilson, you know You in college too. They probably drunk. He got people like us talking about it for no reason. He just minding his business. Oh Man didn't nobody even know he was getting his jersey retired. Yeah nobody know. Everybody knew D was getting a statue. That's true. Didn't Jersey And now he all over SPN. Just Blame man. I feel your pain For sure man. Super chat again. EMDT. Why do you think LeBron's only player who doesn't get hurt and is still playing like this at 40?


Nobody else has good health habits. Ain't nobody got his money. LeBron Spent m on his body every year. He paying millions on his body bro. But he came in the league with a hundred million dollars down there like guaranteed Hell of a Kickstart. No I mean only Zion and he need to talk to LeBron only Zion I know that came in the league. Bam. A hundred million, 90 million whatever it is. He ain't have to worry about you good. All you gotta do is focus on hooping. Yeah Your life is set with $90 million off the ripper. Yeah the contract is signed. Yeah like what? That's true. Got no worries. All I gotta do is play basketball Out The gate, do everything I can to solidify myself as one of the best in the league.


I can spend a million dollars on my body 'cause anything I make playing basketball is just extras. For sure. Mikey well tune to the all Star Game like we said man only 33 minutes of actual basketball. Two Eric and 26 minutes of bullshit shouts to TNT We love inside the NBA. One thing that was unfortunate about is a lot of people got to see why there's been qualms with inside the NBA or TNT coverage. For sure they did not put on the best display to prove people otherwise but that's shit's crazy man. We here to play basketball shop, try and make viral moments. Kevin Hart's a legend superstar but we don't care that much bro. We here to play basketball simple as that last most certainly not least Man we gotta show the video.


Chris Paul wouldn't be cheating man. The All Star Game if you ain't cheating, you ain't trying but this shit crazy. He was moving fast too. Like he is hit the rim though because he Is tall as hell. I'm not watching that shit bro. Nah, the Chris Paul one is foot. Look how he shoot these. That's not even a shot bro. Look they ain't even go to the free throw line bro. Yeah Wim be shit hit the rim If he said I'm gonna make a mockery outta this fucker. He hell he passing on boy though.


Yeah shout out to Chris Paul but he gotta get outta San Antonio. We don't need Weby getting any of them attributes at all. Leave Weby alone bro. I I like it. I want Weby to come to become the villain. He already kind of leaning towards that if y'all don't notice it. Yeah like he play hard in the All Star Game. He say shit like they don't train as hard as me. Yeah I thought the NBA players that I looked up to when I was growing up I thought they trained hard. They don't train hard like he doing everything that he reading a book during All Star Game. Yo is like you got a book? He like yeah I'll read you for every game. They like it's not serious brother and they start laughing at him like he doing everything to not fit in.


Nah you right Be the villain. I like It said no better teacher than the one you got there. We got another question up there Mike Super Chat again. Mike Onassis which all-Star kicks Did y'all pick up out in San Francisco? Flu game twelves? Yeah Galaxy phone pauses from me for sure. I got some Kobe's. Oh shit. And some flu games and some Black Forces. You got some really nice s too. Oh yeah I got some Pumas And Antos And an oh yeah the Kyrie Kyrie ans is od like you became a Puma athlete. This shit when Out pulls I became a Puma athlete this weekend.


Shout out to the Puma gang. Shout. Shout Deer and Fox man We still work your way down here too Bro. Yeah it's good bro. I love I I still love Under Armour too. Ain't nobody really locked me in yet. We ain't in nothing but we aint we in negotiation. Yeah we trying to get a fight for like a deal right now. We trying to just be out one umbrella Baby. Yeah, he's just getting passed around now. Oh Yo. I was about to say something out. I about say something though but I'm gonna, Let's move on from that situation. Super Chat Mir says start bench cut in Prime Wall. Bill Gilbert Arena Arenas two part question. You get one Prime Gilbert Arenas Wall Bill Bench, I mean cut Bill Start Gilbert Bench Wall Also.


Who is better Malik Mon or Marta Ellis send some more money for us to answer that question. No I'm joking shit. I love Malik Mo but Mississippi Bullet Monta Ellis was better than Yeah Bro. Monta Ellis was like that for sure. You Average 26. Yeah he, he was a man at Golden State before Steph got his shit together but then it had to ship him my body here. Who asking all these questions. What were your personal event? Who was that? Oh no that was just from earlier today but it wasn't too much about Allstar. We cared about as there the rest of the world felt the same way for sure. Alright man, listen, we appreciate y'all locking in. We got a really, really, really dope episode dropping today. 12:00 PM Eastern million dollars worth of game. We dropping Around 12 man.


Who Is it? Million dollars worth of Game Club five 20 baby. Oh, Gilly and Wallo. Yeah man. You know what I'm saying? We was supposed to be a one on one game but you know DNP Gilly. Yeah DNP The real Brony. So wait A minute You that's blowing me man. But yeah, see y'all tomorrow. Well he just ignored that Scream. Hey, shout out to the production team man. They me going through some shit behind closed doors man. No they don't. You gotta Get control of your artist man. You Fly. But listen man, like we said dope episode man.


We didn't drop you yesterday when we saved it. Today's special, special episode man. Shout out to Gil. Shout out to Wallo. Shout out to Michelin ness man for holding us down man. Be able to have these wonderful episodes. Shout out to December two, man. We got some dope stuff dropping this week. We always love All Star Weekend. That's when five 20 tends to turn up and start the year off the right way. Like we said, we will be back tomorrow man. We're gonna have a recap of our weekend for sure. The real one. And we gonna talk about what we projecting to see happen for the rest of the season, man. 'cause basketball comes back on Wednesday. Okay, one more question before we get outta here. Last but not least, super Chat Evo Lotti when a player gets traded out and then a team plays a team they got traded from, can they help the coaching staff with the game playing against the team? Duh. Yes. I don't know why.


Come on, bro. Was about They played, I knew he was sponsor. They play basketball that's like broadcasted and it's recorded so Like everybody could watch it. Come on bro. Stop playing around bro. De Loie get you, Get Well Soon to you Bro. Ebo Lot shit. Got Morehead and shit. Got about it. Oh man, Y Fry man. Thanks for the questions man. We appreciate y'all man. We'll be back. Same time tomorrow, five 20 in the Morning, The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open on my new podcast Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris. I'll sit down With trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart Women's Sports Production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.