
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to OG Cool rush for yourself.


Kickoff summer with Memorial Day savings at Lowe's. Right now get five Scott's Naturescapes one and a half cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. Plus, get up to 40% off select major appliances and save an extra $50 on every $500 you spend on select major appliances, $396 or more. Lowe's, we help you save. Val 5 28 Mole shopper. Excludes Alaskan and Hawaii selection varies by location while supplies last. Sea lows.com for more details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where Designer Shoe Warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek low profile sneakers obsessed with the shear trend. Try it with mesh flats, feeling boho comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW.


The volume. Good morning, happy Tuesday. Is five 20 In The Morning your favorite sports show? Happy five 20 day to all the believers man. We're gonna have some fun today man. Everybody pulled up to work. We got Mo. We got Bishop Young Nacho fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing Yak? It's five 20 day. Come on man. Five 20 day. Shout out to my dog Jared man. Shout to Nike basketball. It's only right we start off today, You know what I'm saying? With some PEs. You got some heat. See money? Yeah, the bacon, PE joints. You know what I'm saying? These ain't in stores now that that might be in stores. You know what I'm saying? But that that tongue pause, You know what I'm saying? That's that special. They got the five 20 on the tongue. I know. If y'all can see we got the PEs in the drawer. We done made it now. Yeah, the special Tongue.


Yeah. I don't know if that's the name of Hey, the tongue say easy though. The dude, that's crazy. What's crazy is our logos right below that too? I don't know what they say about us but nah Nah, this is a fire shoe. Shout out to a Harris. I love the personal note too bro. Yo, I appreciate you. Nah, I appreciate you for sure. These was, y'all know how I feel about the Bacon's probably my favorite all time shoe. So he gonna make this remake out of the KD. 18 is fire. Come on man. Five 20 got their own pe. Shout out to my dog Jerry. Man, shout out to Nikey basketball family. Listen, Indy 500 on the way Easy money. It's only right. We got our own verse too. Come on man. Five 20 going crazy. We got the five 20 race team going crazy also for the Special Mercer drop last weekend.


This is the last last drop since it's five 20 day. We wanna make sure everybody gets some pull up to the the website Shock club five twenty.com Get you the last of the merchants available now. We ain't doing no more remix. If you don't get it, you ain't got it. You feel me? But we appreciate y'all man. We gonna run these all week. We got a black colorway too. Shout out to the team. Going crazy right now man. We got PEs. We done made it. Yeah, It's going up today. Shout out to a Harris again bro. Thank you. Yes sir. Ski New hoop shoe. Okay. Be here. That's the rematch shoot for Wallo with. Yeah this is, I'm gonna start rocking them. I'm gonna start rocking them For sure. We need you move just a little bit. Then we go bam. We in the motherfucker for sure. Why? What he call him Jared?


He called Bay Harris a Harris shout Harris. He's too apparently. How fuck, who is that? He keeps saying, I'm like Jay here. I'm like my job Jay Harris, he called the nigga F Harris. My fault bro. Shout f Pierce too. Fuck it. Why not His middle name and to bro. I know him personally Just give people names. Funniest shit ever. I love it. Alright man, listen. He had me tripping 'cause I'm like this nigga keeps saying Jared, this nigga saying hey. I'm like, You know One thing about you. Oh I'm glad we, you confused me. No I didn't. I ain't know what the call nigga I'm about say this.


This is why I Be saying order this ordering certain shit. You know who your nigga tweak you out of the club. Y'all handle visiting the club and you check him outside the, you don't get only him in the Club but you can, you can't shout me. Just you shout val eight times. Sit back in Bro. We get there, You feel me? Because I'm trying to figure out, I'm about to because I'm about to do my shout out and I'm like, nah, shut down. This nigga say, this nigga say I'm like, hold on. Which one? Shit my dog man. Shout out to a J Harris. Fuck about, fuck y'all crazy man.


Listen, today's starts of West Western Cop sponsor, excuse me. Oh and verse SGA. What's up with it? How we feeling? Is this a key matchup in this series? I think Minnesota might get tonight. This is another seven gamer. Oh okay. Early predictions from BN both his teams he conflicted so he going seven games to be safe. Okay, We seven. We seven. Yeah. This must see TV though. Mm. I would love, I would love to know from everybody what's the key matchup in this series. So if I could ask you Marcus, what's the key matchup in this series for Oklahoma City to win this series? I mean they gonna have to find somebody to stop Julius Randall 'cause Che ain't gonna be able to do that shit. I don't see it.


And then Jalen Williams gotta, he gotta have a real good series bro. They gonna advance. So you basing this series off of Jaylen Williams? Not Shay. So I know what Shea gonna Do. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Okay. So what you need, what you think Jalen Williams gotta do in this series? What do you gotta average, what do you gotta look like in this series to get them to win At least, at least 20 Bro, you can't go out there getting eight and 10. Okay. You gotta at least get 20 bro. So him and S SGA got combined for at least 50 points. Yeah. S j's getting 30. We know that stamp that he gotta give us 20 bro. Every night. Every night bro. It's time bro. You have To. Yeah. And you looking at the PPG for the stars in series, you got AE right now at 26 and a half, eight and five, SJ 29, 5 and six.


I Think you on point with that Marcus At least gotta be a 50 piece for sure It has to bro. Well DJ for you, I'm gonna piggyback off that but I'm expound more. I think that Chet Randall matchup is very, very important man. The way that Julius Randall has been playing basketball, you don't want Chet to be in foul Trump in this series because Julius Randall's so dynamic and he's a hybrid, right? Yeah. So even when it comes to him just being downhill, that's just puts a lot of force in them and they, the temples need him to score. Jay Daniels is gonna contribute. But you need that Julius Randall scoring to help ae out in this series. 'cause we know OKC can get high. Yeah, especially at home. Those role players go crazy. Yeah. Julius Randalls PPG is probably more important in this series. And Jalen Williams. Yeah.


How about you be here Rudy Goldberg just gotta get injured. Damn. God damn Ta That's it. Well okay say he don't get injured. Stein got a ho. That's it. Okay, so you taking the center matchup is the most important in this outside of the stars. It Is though bro. I I, I don't want you to get hurt Rudy. I'm bullshitting but yeah I think the center matchup is the most important part bro. Mines is gonna be the bench. Okay. Na Reed gotta for the Timberwolves to be successful. Na Reed gotta play well 'cause he gotta match the Thunder bench. Like I don't know if they gonna start Caruso or bring him off the bench. I don't know what they lineup gonna be whatever it is. But Caruso is a X-Factor.


He could take people out the game obviously we seen him guard fucking Yoic. Yeah. Like when you a 6 4, 6 5 guard and you guarding the best player in the game, I'm pretty confident you can guard anybody at this point. So I could see him being on Julius Randall. Right. Damn. I could see them putting him on. Julius Randall fronting him doing all the shit he do. 'cause Julius Randall kind of play with his, You know he play out on the perimeter a little bit. Yeah. So he ain't gonna be able to get by Caruso like that. But he might start going to the Post and I see check coming over helping and now Rudy O Beard gonna have to do what Rudy O Beard can do. He gonna have to catch lives or do whatever he can do. But they going, You know they gonna crash back in Minnesota.


They can shoot threes but they ain't got the greatest shooters. Yeah they can make 'em but they don't got the greatest shooters. It ain't Steph Curry and all these other dudes running around but they can make threes I think. But this is why I think Nas Reed's important. Yeah Because you can't do that with Nas Re Yeah you can't leave him like you can leave Rudy. Yeah he can. It should be interesting. Yeah I think Julius Randall and and Edwards combine it for 50 is more effective than SGA and Jalen Williams. I think it's more detrimental if they don't realistically. 'cause you gotta look for other points to the Timberwolves team. You going to ask Rudy for those buckets. I mean Ja des is going to score but you asking 'em for 20 and to play hard defense on SGA is a lot to ask in the series.


Yeah. If, If SJ and Jalen Williams get 50, I feel like it's gonna be hard to beat them. 'cause You know Caruso, he gonna hit a couple threes. Yeah. All them other people they gonna chip in. Do they little Quarter Little Dot might hit a three or two. Yeah. Check the most important person to me in this whole series though. Yeah but I feel like if they getting 50 Che can give you 10 to 12. That's, that's gone hard style. Gonna get 10 to 12, That's gonna be a lot bro. To try to Guard. Yeah. Which team do y'all think is gonna dominate the boards in the series? I'm gonna go with the Timberwolves. Mm interesting. I just think they a bigger, more physical rebounding team. Like even though Rudy Bear, we look at him as he gets boards. Yeah. Hell yeah he get Rebound and Julius Randall goes to the glass Dante Dechen.


But They crash over there too. Nah they do. They crash on OKC. Yeah but Dante Dechen a hell of a rebounding guard. Julius Randall going go to the boards. Yeah they just got a big team. Jay McDaniel goes to the boards. We didn't mention Dante if he get high that could be scary. It's About Tom too. Yeah, yeah he do. He do. He definitely run off six, seven threes on accident. It could get spooky. Yeah But I just think Caruso is the X factor 'cause he could take somebody out like I'm not, he's not gonna be the main defender on ae obviously it's gonna be Lou Dork but he could switch on the AE very easily and that Randall and AE pick Andro is probably pretty much dead 'cause they just gonna switch it.


Especially if Caruso start and Lou do's strong enough to guard fucking Julius Randall. He is. He like He's for sure strong enough. Yeah. That's gonna be the interesting matchup. If Julius Randall can take over and kill Caruso or make it where they getting two on the ball and he can lob it up to Rudy go bear or guys are making shots then KC gonna be in trouble 'cause check cannot guard Julius Randall. Nah he Got He two. He gonna show his bag against him. Yeah he He's gonna run over. He Not show his. Yeah he not physical enough But you got a guard up that boy on the other side too bro. He was dogging Aren Gordon last series. Yeah I mean he played good.


He's getting 14 and shit. That ain't, that's affect 30 On that Jure been guarding too though. That's what people were realizing he been locking up. You gotta think when they played that Lakers series he was guarding bro. Mm Fuck with J Shit was looking at was I'm just saying this is day, You know Brown 40 but This they they toughest battle bro. Nah for Sure. This is their toughest battle bro. I think for both teams Right. These young niggas. I don't boy Bro. I think to me I feel like the Timberwolves had a little more battle, like a harder lower stretch. Obviously they were a lower seed but their, their games been like battles like you gotta go in to beat the Lakers with Luca and all them with the hype and come out come out and beat them.


Nah That's a big big dub They was going at it with go on stay till Yeah got Hurt. Yeah but see that's where it go. They get mid, you get Middy bro. They just beat Denver Nuggets bro. Yeah but no beat the shit out of them. Nobody was excited about Denver it One by 50 bro. But they beat a good team. They A good team but none of us was like none of us was PJ just smoked it. That's it. None of Us was really excited about, we knew what it was. We like all, I thought It was a good series. I Said seven, it was a good series but we knew like it was Yoic Yoic verse them, You know what I mean? And beating the Lakers you right as a big fucking deal that wasn't even supposed to go down. Yeah like nobody had that in the book so we gonna see though.


Shit. No I got a seven though. Well I'm intrigued about this series too. We talk about obviously the stars matching up. I think if the 10 wheels are smart you gotta make HJ play some defensive series. Oh yeah you got to Hell yeah like that's gonna be I about Just let you score 40. You gonna have to play defense. You gotta work hard bro. On hedge and get out there. But that's the thing Jay McDaniels been doing. Like if you watch the Lakers series he win at Luca every time he got the ball. Yeah and that's har who he gonna be meshed up with I'm imagining. Yeah. Unless he gonna guard Mike Conley. Yeah And he probably will be on Mike Conley. Yeah. And then that's when you got, that's when D CHS gotta get game. Gotta be aggressive when he getting the game.


Most definitely man this is gonna be a hell of a series. I like the fact that you guys, You know what I'm saying, Akia Walker Alexander off the bench Gardner's cousin, that's gonna be fire. I can't wait till we get the fourth quarter matchup of AE going at SGA. I'm sure hj SGA probably won't guard him but just that intensity. A trip to the finals. Who would it mean more for AE or SGA right now? SGA. I feel like it's the same both ways. Okay. They both, it's they at the same level really. Shit I think yeah I, no matter I think it would mean more for AE just because all the stuff that came with AE this year and somehow he's still focused and like got on the court and still did his shit.


Like to wake up every day. You know how social media can overwhelm a bunch of people. Yeah. And him to be on there every single day and still focus and lock in and still be the player he been. Yeah But I just feel like they both trying to chase that first one. Yeah. So it's kind of, it's kind of equal bro. They both superstar, young superstar trying to chase that first ring But it's kind of different when you about to be the MVP. It's like you still need That though. You don't want Talk market. Yeah you need but it's like I'm about to be the MVPA like So imagine he get MVP and win a chip bro. He lit. Yeah but you still Oh finals MVP he's lit What's up? But you still lit 'cause you the MVP not facts but he Crazy lit. Can't nobody say I got finals M-V-P-M-V-P and I want a chick in the same Year.


Yeah you lit But if I'm ae now you on that all time list And OKC But I'm ae That ain't one shit. Timber Wolves ain't one shit. True. But if ae do it that's gonna be hard too. So What I'm saying and I don't got the MVP like he going home with something. Yeah No matter what I ain't going. He going home with something nigga. I ain't y lose. This is the night over like all right back to the back to the ga Atlanta temple. You know Magic City here we come. Oh God. But if he won a chip, magic City is his almost definitely. I mean it's his anyway shit The fuck is boy. Definitely His snoop Aint what's far about it, You know what I'm saying? Fresh off the gold medal and your team goes to a crazy trade reconstruction. Yeah probably one of your biggest franchise peaches ever.


Just the fact that you in the conference finals again is already littered up. And you told Obama I'm him, I'm like I'm one of them And And you do all this. Yeah He definitely told Obama watch your mouth. Yeah. Respect. I like that man this is gonna be a hell of a series. People are really upset that this is the series is starting before the Eastern Conference. Like Yeah that is crazy. They had hella days off the rest. Yeah But to give y'all predictions though, what do y'all think this is gonna go? I'm going with the Timberwood just 'cause I was a elite guard over there. I was wanted the go-to players in the Timber Woods organization at one point. Respect King. Who? Who? You got Bull. You took him to the playoffs? Took him to the playoffs for the first time in 14 years. Oh not Pat Bev.


I think the Thunder win is seven. Thunder is seven? Yeah. Okay. B he oh. Oh. You know these are my guys man. The real Jr. I told y'all that's the real Shaq and Kobe, You know Six seat if they went, I don't know bro. I'm toing seven whoever come out bro. I'm, I'm supporting them. I think It's just SGA year bro. The NBA champion is on the west side though. That's all I'm saying. Y listen you have three teams in the conference final though, so it's kind of hard for lose right Now. Listen y'all are the basketball heads. You was wallow for real bro. You know why I'm not wallow on some real shit. I always say this when we was back at his house, I called OKC, I called an being the number one pick in the draft.


This is noted. I showed Mike this Instagram post a long time ago. Jt, I Get Well Soon but you let Nelly hate on me so it was fuck y'all. So I became a Knicks fan Watching became a Knicks fan. I get all that bro. But you gotta pick a team bro. You can't have, I don't Have, y'all don't have no team this nigga. It is a NBA Got three out. He's In the fraternity. He got 12 hats nigga He's outta pocket Tools. How nigga I play for 12 team nigga I played, I played for 12 of the motherfucker. I got you Got three chances to win. Right, right now nigga bro Are you hanging on my eyes? Eyes A here we go.


It's not nigga in a series right now where it don't matter who wins. He gonna be happy no matter he gonna, he's gonna be happy either bro Matter there's 30 teams in the NBA. I'm three out four man You know I I'm Roses Dante. I'm the real zero. You Actually Dante outta pocket for getting That. He actually don't even wear it. Right. He had swag ass. I don't know what shoes you got over you? I was swaggy least swag. My feet was always good when I was up here. Dante Together this series you been hooping like you been hooping in shell toes bro. Man, get your shit together bro. When you gonna wear a zero wear that motherfucker right now. For sure. Well let, let Rob get it free to real For sure. Alright man. Kub tv and the super Chase says you can have SGA either Chick-fil-A or be late for Vac K Wools and six.


I ain't mad at it. Turn up fans. He thought that was a bar. Yeah be labeled as Shout to Chick-fil-A Drew Super Chest is what up five 20 game. Hey y'all gonna get you Herbo on the pod eventually man I want to To. We would love to man. Shout out to Herbo for sure. Show Yeah Za Black Knicks and five Nacho going get you a campaign jersey. He another vibe. Yeah Nigga If a campaign judge comes across I'll knock it on the ground. I thought he was talking about Max Payne. Same shit. Max Payne Major Payne campaign pace. Fucking campaign. Fuck you talking about If campaigners on the court we we definitely Max Major Payne Pace Sitting left Tried That bro.


Sidney B Sitting niggas left niggas home. You, me, Halliburton. Halliburton is going left this series. You know what's crazy Did y'all see the, did y'all see my boy drop the clip for the second round My mama and the first clip is on that. I said who y'all got game one? You two niggas? I got Cleveland. I got Cleveland. I tried told Game ain't one. Listen who dropped the clip Hall made The documentary, dropped the clip The first three seconds. He did run that shit. I didn't That. Oh we dropping clicks now nigga. W in five five. Oh Jalen bro. Jalen. That's why I fuck with that Nigga got the Micah got the clips.


I'm fucking production team It work for court. Shout to my dog Tyree Tyree. But fuck you nigga these niggas you see That the dude, the dude who had the jersey on that was throwing on the shit on New York. He invited him to the game. He like damn he a firefighter. New York fans like shit. Hey shit. What? Alright King chilling in the super chat says I hope Indiana win four. Oh sitting on the bandwagon Celebrity Knick fans home. Thanks. Yes. I don't care who's front roll the next they happened Game seven sent them niggas home getting 'em the fuck outta here man Pace was in, I was going, he said what'd he say about us? He said actually that's the, You know these niggas is hating. I don't gotta say nothing but here's the clip of these hating ass niggas. He opened up the, I said y'all got game one and both of y'all said we got CVEs and it went straight to it.


I was like let's go. I sorry Tony, I like to be his motivation. I I like that. I like that. I was using reverse psychology for your as. Nah, I told y'all whoever I root for, I want the other team to really good. That's why I came wait until this nigga come on the show man. Well they gonna get maybe next year we'll have you on the show 'cause y'all about to get y'all ass whooped. Relax You mean game one. What y'all thinking ca? I got calves Every game you have the opportunity to put your stamp On. What? A big head. Hey Nigga, we'll really put a cease and desist on that. I hope you ain't getting no money from YouTube because I'll Out nigga.


We Do what? What the nigga from Martin do, nigga Martin for using his voice. That shit sound like me Nigga. I thinking Cs I got calves. Oh yeah I need my shit. I need my shit too. Boy fuck that.


So we all made mistakes right but own up to them. It's the right thing to do but we all know degree. Cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well but the fans, the grease whole thing, it turns up sweat and auto protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admit it, they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool Chris and Fresh it's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Interested in investing in Bitcoin but not sure how to get started. Well with the Gemini credit card you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying. Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no-brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Go to gemini.com/card, start building your bitcoin slash now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend $3,000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees


Because the 2025 NBA playoffs get more exciting. Actually yes because this year thanks to dash pass members only deal when they swoosh you score specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use a promo called Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score time for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Your mental health matters and there are things that take place every single day that could test those limits. Therapy has evolved. It's not for quote people who are crazy but for everyday people who could use a little bit of help. Like me and you, mental health awareness is growing but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent survey say they have avoided seeking mental health support due to the fear of judgment. And when you hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect you. It affects our friends and families. This mental health awareness month, let's encourage everyone to take care of the wellbeing and break the stigma. The world is better when people are healthy and happy. I myself can testify and say I have benefited from therapy as well. Sometimes having an extra set of ears can make the world of a difference. And listen, BetterHelp has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapists from a diverse network of over 30,000 licensed professionals. In addition, BetterHelp us fully online, convenient, also affordable, serving over 5 million people worldwide. And listen, if you give it a try and you and your therapist involved the right way, we can get you with the right professional and no extra cost. We're all better with help. There's a BetterHelp dot com slash club to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp h eop.com/club.


Tomorrow our Aon conference finals starts off be seeing a lot of smug going on Brus to verse hall c WWE that had the script early. Yeah shout to WWE in the universe. Man y'all know y'all put that shit in the era. We ain't gonna put my shit in the air. Alright. Being who is match up gonna be in wwe? I don't know man. Probably Booker T Bro. Y always gonna be a fight Booker t bro. Put that nigga in the risk it gonna be be bro be and Brenda. Nah Nah you and Pat B. Oh yeah me and Pap b ww Who the special guest referee? Shit, it could be Brandon Jen. He could dunk it. So Pat BV gonna hit Brandon with the chair.


Ref gonna get knocked out the ring. Nah, he No honestly going Pat BV and out, he gonna throw that nigga through a tight, He gonna throw Brandon through the table. Gonna be a real gi gonna come out. Okay. I got the best shit. Okay man I think this is going to be a hell of a matchup for sure man. Nicks Pacers historic rival for both teams man. It's gonna be, You know what I'm saying, the seven versus Nicks versus 10 of the Pacers. I think this go six or seven either way for real, for real. Obviously I'm going Pacers but I can see why Nicks man feel, feel real confident in the situation man. It's gonna be a good series. I'm glad we getting to see this bro because this is like our childhood getting played again.


Facts Reggie v Pat, You know what I'm saying? So that's, that's good for our childhood. But yeah Nick's fo Nick's info Nixon Fo is insane bro. Disrespectful. What I, what I like about this series though is they both been battle tested. Like you said y'all beat the Celtics last year. I mean well y'all compete against the Celtics last year. Y'all gave 'em a good series. They beat the Celtics this year so it's like they both battle tested. Y'all beat the number one seed calves, they went through the Boston Celtics. So y'all both battle tested, both got Premier Guards. The battle is gonna be from the Wings. We know what we gonna get from Jalen Brunson. We don't actually know what we're gonna get from Tyree Hall Burton, but what we expecting is for him to show up and be big. Right.


Plays great. He plays well in the garden but it's games where Tyree to go missing. Right. Will he go missing this series? We don't know to be determined but I know who shows up for the Pacers every week. And that's those wings. Yeah the Nihar, nay Smith aka whoever else come off the bench Ma Math and all them dudes come ready to play every game. Yeah and it's going to be if the Knicks wings can control them because they on sub anyway so they don't. And the one thing I like about this series is people forgot last year obviously OG was hurt the last game but when it came to OG and Pascal OG can't guard him. I feel like that not subbing going hurt them too. Game three, game four.


They gonna feel it. It's Gonna hurt them bro. I don't think so bro. Especially the Pacers playing 10 bro. We keeping fresh bodies. I don't know bro. It's gonna hurt them. You know why this worked for the Knicks. Tibs is like a mad, it's stupid but he a mad scientist 'cause when your body get conditioned to doing it all the time that's your norm. This is they Norm nigga we don't come out the game so ain't I ain't even getting tired nigga. This is just what we do. Yeah, yeah But they ain't playing the pa Pacers picking no fool. They run. That's a Lot to handle. Yeah we get more possessions in there too. Yeah but that's just what we do. But we invite people to play crack head basketball 'cause once you start playing our tempo you gonna start shooting shit you not supposed to shoot. But that's the thing, they don't play crack head basketball.


'cause You know why Jalen Brunson don walk that bitch up and put that motherfucker on the sideline and you gonna play. You can't speed him up. Nah you can't speed him up. Detroit tried to do that shit. People try to speed you cannot speed him up. Ain't they respect to those teams. They are not us. 'cause last year Jalen Bruns tried to walk that shit up. We put his ass all picking right We was running, he was hurt. He wasn't hurt all them games. That's okay. Yeah, after a game too he was hurt. Everybody, everybody's healthy now. It's okay guys. I love it. Don't worry. Equal opportunity. Everybody get the swear. Say what I wanna say. And they also didn't keep talking. They also didn't have a cat though. They and they did not have Mikhail Bridges. I agree. And when you got, when you got a cat where you could actually throw that motherfucker in there Because one thing about I love Miles Turner, You know Miles Turner my dog.


But when I was on the pace we used to do that cat verse miles match up. I used like what the fuck? That's that real shit and bullshit different bro. And they both going foul. They they're fo foul, foul, foul, foul. But one thing about my Ka, he feel real good against Miles. I ain't gonna lie. Shout out to Stretch but he ain't ka bro. It is different bro. Like the matchups that fuck Ka up is like shorter athletic strong motherfucker. When you the same height as Kat he he cooks niggas like that. He Your legs just as goofy. It is over bro. Put him in a blender bro. Like but if Kat is that leading score that plays in our advantage not gonna be the leading score.


It plays in our advantage if Cat are score because if you let him have moments like they did against Detroit where him and Brunson is hooping, I mean that's what it's supposed to be. And respectfully we're not Detroit. That's hard to guard. I ain't gonna lie. I feel you. Y'all ain't Detroit A team watch OG kill this series. I ain't gonna lie. Detroit D Detroit defense probably better than y'all but y'all offense, the way y'all play is more get more possession. Yeah, more shots. I'm happy we got Ben and math this time around too. We gonna need every sizable physical guard to deal with Jalen Brunson. He is a problem for sure. Yeah first team on NBA. He gonna post. Just need to slow him down a little. They gonna, he gonna post all them niggas just a little Really, really believing in the Pacers man.


Why not? I see it in your eyes brother. Why not? You really believe in the Knicks? I do Bro. That's a better team bro. Just a better team player for player Bro. I ain't gonna say they better team but player For player bro. I heard it last year we walked him down the garden. They First five is way better than the Pacers first of all. Yeah The Pacers got a Bench bro. Every position That that could be true but the Pacers have a bench bro. And that's gonna come in a factor bro. Come on man. They do got a better player at every position. Yeah but they but they, the Pacers just won be a more, I won't say that. Who? Not better Oog No better than Pasco. It is a toss up and you can say a feel about Jaylen and Tyrese. But what go to OG stats go to Pascal stuff. I mean Jalen Brunson Bear and Tyrese Hallberg.


Ah yeah what we talking about Let's, we ain't do second topic conference finals. It's a reason why he ain't go last year. The most clear when you send niggas. Nah fuck with that. I fuck with all that. You can be you want if I send you home nigga you at the crib watching me be good at home. Mr. Clutch bro. Yeah he won Clutch last year. He the funniest, he the best player in the fourth course is Kobe Bryant. I I feel you but I'm just talking facts. We beat them last year. That nigga damn the best player in the league. Beans are valid but we send niggas home, we walk niggas down the crib. Yeah we we had a better team last year 'cause they was hurt. Yeah but what og? What's og? Ja Bruss is better than that man. Jalen Bruss called? No he averaging 18.


Yeah what PA average 20 and he the and he the first option. What are we talking about? Hey man we had a bounce team bro. Fuck that bounce team bro. The first, the first option averaging 20. This nigga the third. Yeah. Damn near you. DJ called him the four. Yeah, I don't know. That's a toss up nigga. I feel like OG was here. He average 20 for the Pacers For sure. Can average 20 on the p I'm averaging 18. It is the other nigga average of 30 on my 20. What can average 22 minutes. Come on bro. What we talking about bro? Like yeah average. I didn't say they didn't have a better player every position.


Mike kid right down there Mike 25. There you go. What are you averaging? 17. Come on Bro. Bro what we doing Bro? They respect, they play the whole game. What average. Average score all the points for They if they don't have a choice bro, they get all, any of the nigga average they're fucked. They got 10 star average 13. Come on bro. He score all day points. What mob LeBron average Probably ten six. Oh You know who else gonna have a big part in this series? Y'all gonna have to block never average 10. Yeah. Solid bro. Y'all gonna have to block out Mitchell Robinson. I welcome Mitchell Robinson minutes. I welcome them. I don't I welcome him. Nah bro, he all good and he yeah he guard and he on that glass man. Offensive rebound.


God don't he is an offensive re here today man. He more rebound points on. I just see him air ball free throw. Y'all think I'm scared of fucking Mitchell Robinson. I seen him get some key rebounds. No, he's a great rebounder. Hes a great rebounder. Alright. He yeah Come with that same look Mitch. We need that same nigga right there. Don't switch it. Nah that's off Mitch. That saying we bro we believe it's disgusting. That nigga looked like he played with Pat Ewing bro. Tell y'all bro, World, how many rebounds miles of Turner? Average price six Jerry Jackson Jr.


If that yeah this nigga average that nigga average down the same boards of him in 20 minutes. Nah that's fact we are not rebound the scene by minutes not to get him off the glass bro. We not rebound the scene by any means. Yeah bro. Gotta get him off the glass. I ain't worried about it. We good money. Patricks a fucking six. You know the vibes. Respect I, I hope the city be lit but shit you gotta get him off bro. Alright, super chat. Dorian said we see Isa on everybody podcast. We is going to the schedule you guys in love the Job man. Love the Joe. Joe. Call him, ask him Joe's fuck with us. Yeah Joe, Joe hates us. He literally is hates us for reason. I yeah we literally put up to his place of business and he didn't ask Smoke. We literally got booked tickets and flights and everything.


Yeah. To see Joe and Joe didn't answer phone. Yeah. Shout to Joe twice. Twice. Shout shouts big three. He literally told us Yeah pull up man I'm gonna be here. He literally called me one day and said I'm coming to Indiana to hoop and do y'all podcast. I haven't heard from him since and he is on nightcap every day. So getting there check to ask him Ace's game of TV says I don't have nothing to say. Shout out to the pie for sure. Been working here out since the OG Josh Smith episode and 12 are definitely we. I appreciate you bro. You know the truth. ACEs game of tv. Shout out to him. So disrespecting classes though. Taxi twelves is on the way for sure. The art man for me known as Steve Boyd. Change your name son with Halliburton jersey playing W got clipped with the recycling bags just to get invited to the game.


The irony, he pulls up the game in a Boston jersey. Bruns, Brunson jersey. Excuse me. Oh yeah it worked. I don't know if he wanted to get packed out like that but yeah he got tickets to the game. Shout to him for finessing. Yeah, for sure. Alright man. Couple of Verified Buckets, You know what I'm saying? Highlights some great performances that's taking place for some of these team. I mean, excuse me, some of these players, this off postseason. Excuse me, fucking up AE game four versus the Lakers 43, 9 and six. Hell of a game for him. SGA game four B six Grizz. Hes went crazy with 38 and six ie. Another one. Game three versus Warriors 36 and four. Julius Randall game four versus Warriors Win 31 and five. Some crazy numbers as well. Some couple Get Well Soon man.


Some couple highlights for this postseason already. Let's load up the clips. See Who guard this Ahn. Who guard that we're doubling. I look Like Halliburton right There. We're doubling nobody in the NBA guard that that's tough. That's A good ass defender On him. That's one of the best in NBA Ja Brunson is special. Yeah, who guard that? It's called double team. Nobody. Yeah we gonna need a game with it from Michale Bridges. I don't think I want that either. Yeah. Wide open. The guard about to be rocking boy. Oh yeah it is gonna be crazy.


Shout to the bridge too. Open the next one. Oh yeah, this is very disrespectful. We gotta rank these guards too before we get outta here. Excuse me Jackson. Who? You be jumping off a trampoline bro. That shit crazy. Look, just do dumb shit. Hey Luca. What did, what was that Luca just do dumb shit. That's tough. Oh yeah. Speaking of the game winners to the left. Wow. Fuck outta here or left.


Wow. He ain't going left. He gonna stop. He got one move going left Step back. He not go all the way to the bucket left. Would you say MOOC send niggas home? Yeah. Yeah look. Alright. If he would've just stayed on that hit stay on his hit, just stay on his hit. Come here but he didn't. Game time Bow let he go to the basket. Yeah. Ty j sold. See You. Yeah, Ty's wrong. Folks would not be out there. Yeah, that's bad culture. It's great basketball way to send niggas home for sure. You know the vibes Nigga Say that's bad Coaching. Watch your coach that situation bro. I'm just saying bro. Get Adam Sandler off him bro. Where's My real niggas at? Offensive rebound Imani.


End of the game. Imani makes that situation French. He got a seven foot wing span that wouldn't have went down. Hell he don't. He Got little arms. Yeah that nigga like that nigga six eight with a six, five got he like a T. He Got like bang bro. He got little Wow. T Trying to do bang, he catching straight. This the DBA belt is crazy man. Nah y'all, we gotta rank these guards though. Okay. And SGA Brunson. Halliburton in order. In order. SGA Ant Brunson, Halliburton Brunson might be Is he? Nah Ant better than him.


I'm gonna go Ant SGA like just Pure. Oh just in him Just hoops. Damn they in the order damn Near just, just pure hoops, not teams And shit. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Nope. I'm gonna go and I'm gonna go Bronson, I'm gonna go SGA then I'm go ho. Damn. Who you got D? I'm going Tyree. Fuck everybody else today ain't on my team Mo. My team's still in the playoffs so fuck everybody else right now. Everybody else is too. And I know that's why I fucked It. It's in, it's in order for me. It's already in order for me. Mm. And SGA, Brunson, Halliburton, I just went by people I like to watch.


Yeah I would go a first outta all though though. I yeah a I like SGA then A yeah Halliburton last. Yeah and there's no slight, it's a short list. A Devin Brunson SGA From Halliburton's on the Good list. The dope part about this is regardless of what happens, we get a new champion with all these guards. You know I'm saying being the franchise players on the teams. Somebody would be the guy young Boys too. Yeah. Somebody gonna be the guy change the guards Is it? Damn well I guess. Yeah, none of them. None of these probably become like the face of the league but an if he win Shit and yeah I was about say and yeah and And get the chip he could dip. Oh Jalen Brunson win. He gonna be face of the league. That ass. Yeah. Nah in New York. He gotta be, he gonna Be the Face League.


New York gonna make him the Face League. What? He already divided. Oh You know how lit that's going to be bro. I know. To bring a ship to New York bro. Yeah he, He already like top three. Jesus In the league. Christ Bro. I know his jersey self probably highest Foot if, if he win. He the best nigga ever bro. You gotta give a between bro. You These kids ain't gonna know who Patrick Young is. They rolling with Jaylen Brunson? Yeah. Damn. That's crazy. That Crazy and super chat. Christopher Cooper said I'm pulling up from Jersey for game three dj. We taking over the field house with the hell. The NYL Bruss hitting the cell. Nicks at six. Yeah I fought with them bars. They going, they going them Knicks niggas is pulling up.


Yeah for sure man They pulling Up. Hope y'all have a good time. Y'all take this Lll before we get outta here man.


Shout to Boost Mobile man. Boost Mobile sponsoring the pod in the Morning show we rock with y'all, You know what I'm saying. $25 unlimited text data. Tap in forever, forever, forever, ever. Listen, we appreciate y'all Happy five 20 day. We appreciate y'all rocking with us. Make sure y'all granddad merch, we'll be back. Same time In The Morning, five 20 In The Morning. The volume


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one myth. Enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hess hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. HEL p.com.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business. Chase for Business. Make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chasin Company.


Add dry eye relief to your routine with refresh Optive mega three, A lubricating eye drop with a moisture rich preservative free formula enhanced with inactive ingredients like flaxseed oil and antioxidants. This formula supports all three tear film layers and provides advanced hydration to instantly moisturize and soothe dry eyes. Refresh Optive mega three is safe to use as often as needed so you can make it part of your wellness routine. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop section at all major retailers, FSA and HSA eligible.


You're listening to an iHeart Podcast.