
Yo, what's good it is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland verse, Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen, good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greedy teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both of elite programs. Legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast foods gotta be. Wendy's. Right Now. You can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast Dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and deep blue sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Thursday's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show. I'm your host. My name name is DJ Wills. We got a full house in the building. Everybody pulled up today man. We about after a good time. We got Bishop to my left to right. My brother Teague special guest in the building. We got Lido pull up on us In The Morning. What's happening Brody? What's happening? What's happening? Good morning. Yeah. Show bro. For sure man. Dope episode of Club five 20 with set Brothers coming very, very soon man. But Lido pulled up for the morning show five 20 Mook in the building. He in the back. We gonna talk college basketball with him later man. But let's get straight to it man. You pulled up in the city last night for a hell of a game. Yeah and unfortunately we was on the other side of that man. But before we get to what happened in the basketball game, Indianapolis, today we gotta talk about Stephen.


A man. Yeah. Tripping. Hey Stephen. A play the clip man. I can't even explain it man. There you go. Shouts to the production team. It's always me. We had late night. It ain't, it ain't never me, it's always him. Nah, we buffer it all down. We ain't pay the Wi Bill. Yeah, look at it. He he just would be the moment where I wanna laugh too. But what he say? He whoop bro. Yeah, he said he swing on bro and Brown would've swung. He said it would've been immediately. Look at him immediately On side bro. Who's Waffle sponsor? Here we go. I would've immediately swung that man. Put his hands on me. I would've immediately swung. Immediately.


Immediately. You can't say that bro. Yeah, you a media guy bro. Yeah. And why would you say that though? Because that was never Brian Energy. If he wanted to motherfucker punch you to his motherfuck shoulder fell out of pocket, he could have, You know what I'm saying? Like You see his hands though. And then LeBron's response I see you tank. First of all, Stephen A the wife beater is out of pocket. Well if you got a right hand you going knock Stephen A the Fuck out Brows gonna do Stevie Day shit.


What be want man? What On my side, I don't want fight no more. Same size difference ing nigga. Crazy Y crazy man. Hey Stephen A wild boy. Why? Why is he outta pocket for saying somebody would've touched him? He would've responded. He can't say that 'cause of bro. No, it's not even that. That was never the energy though. Like somebody geeked you to do that bro. Like Brian didn't say man I was gonna whoop his ass but I decided to chill out. If Brian would've said that, then you coulda, You know what I mean? Responded in that manner bro. But you out of pocket was just automatically saying I hit that nigga in this shit Because That's what it's coming off as.


Like that shit was building up. Brian said he was gonna do that though. He said once I mentioned him he gonna get geeked up. Well How can you be mad at Brian though? And y'all been talking about it for 22 years bro. Like you can't be bad at that. He didn't say nothing wrong nigga. And he showed your weak ass boxing all life nigga. You mean you gonna talk about my son nigga you really mean and your workout gear trash. You not even swaggy. He got the 2K no VC starter kit. You not even swaggy being saying You gotta, you gotta be swaggy. You gonna be saying Thanks bro. At least be fresh. That's Hilarious man. The funny thing about this is that LeBron went on a Pat McAfee show yesterday and just went crazy on everybody that worked at ESPN and he did it on purpose 'cause he know Stephen A and Pat got beat so he want his op show and aired the clip out yesterday.


He talking bro whi her nigga we ain't friends. That should hilarious Whitney be vouching for it too. I feel bad for him 20 years, 20 years straight. That's crazy. Nah man. What you feel about it though Lee though? You think Stephen A should just sit down or I think I just think he good at what he do. Yeah because I mean it shit, it is almost like promotion. He bringing more eyes and ears to, You know, I guess that shock journalism or whatever. But You know to say he would've took off on him. Is is wild. It is wild. Yeah Brother LeBron James dictate bro. Yeah, he ain't want no smoke. Speaking of LeBron though, game winner against y'all Pacers? Yeah. Alright man. I guess we could talk about, I was in the building for the first half LeBron night all Three Y y Allall was All three of us and LeBron wasn't doing nothing.


Austin Reeves was carrying and Luca was carrying to see LeBron still in the game like that. It was meant to be after the ring. He went on at Pat McAfee to end the Pacers heart like that. It was a good weekend for him and Indiana. Yeah Pat shout out to you bro, but you're not supposed to geek LeBron before he played the hometown team bro. Do that afterwards bro. You got LeBron talking shit to everybody in the media so You know he was gonna hoop out yesterday like you said man. 1 21 19 Victory. Lakers got the dub yesterday. Luca wouldn't sang yesterday 34 7 and seven. Officer Reeds had 24 and five. LeBron had 13, 13 to seven and he did not shoot the ball to the fourth quarter for real. LeBron had two points. Yeah he was playing around probably was a little fatigue. Nah yeah that was, I mean right place, right time on that last play though.


Yeah man, first of all that was a hell of a game. Shout to Tyree Celebr bar. He hooped out yesterday. He had 16 to eight assists. My biggest problem with the end of that game is y'all know I always got smoke for Rick Carlisle. Yo we don't got our best player in the in the game. He was hurt but he was not hurt. Get him in the game bro. We win that game if we don't have that hurt, get your ass in the game bro. Yeah Mo Turner at least should have been in the game for defensive possession like we had two of, I don't know How you, how you blame the coach if the player saying he hurt Tyrese wasn't hurt. He played the whole damn game. Took him out. He was heard something grown. You know you have a hamstring something, something ain't right. Y'all tried pissing me off this morning, it ain't gonna work. Hey Rick, Bullshit yourself in. Sub yourself in bro.


You make $200 million bro. Sub yourself pretty Much. Nah bro. That pretty much for real Bro. What about like they made a comeback though. Miles turned him on the bench. I mean I mean they made God gotta ride it out though. Yeah but my problem is that you look at the fourth quarter, Tyrese didn't come back in the game till it was about maybe under six minutes. So it wasn't nothing wrong with him. He was a little hurt man. Something was wrong out of pocket Lido. What was that feel like to watch that final possession happen Man, because Pacers, we thought we stole one for sure. Yeah they, I mean they walked him down. They came back and, and it was, it was rocking in there and LeBron took all the air out the building man It's not the first time for Sure Tyler Burton like the quietest 18 assists I ever seen in my life.


I looked up And I was like damn. Like I, I ain't gonna lie, this stuff was kind of like John Stockton's assists. Yeah he had 10 in like the first half. Yeah quarter. Yeah. I'm like man so ain Right bro They was pad, they Was pad them And I was watching a game hype. Have you seen this scene when he's not on the court? Oh no it is very documented. We do not get any open shots without him on the court. Nah, He probably had a legit eye but respect yo status bro. I, I'm say seven but nobody Gonna remember this bro. It's cool bro. Going from 18 to nine. It's crazy. Like niggas is at the gate watching this. We Can't at that man. I'm ain got some burn too, You know. Y'all be hating on Ben. Nah, I'll rock with Ben man. Ben was crazy yesterday was met score yesterday for sure. Ben mc math be, that's the thing with Rick bro.


He have his moments where he don't rock with Ben. They be like damn bro. Like I can't, he is cold. You know what I hate, I hate that the Pacers play the Lakers 'cause we gotta talk about the Pacers all this time. Yeah, this some shit. Yeah it is really too long for our show but I mean respect to the guy. Where Is the Celtics at? Brian Came into town. Where's Celtics? We're Detroit? Yeah. Oh where's Detroit? That's what you want Actually we're the hawks. Oh shit. Let's about, let's talk about a real team. How you feel about Luca though? Lido, You know, Brian wasn't really doing nothing. Do you think in a playoff game something like that could happen in Lu could can lead him to a victory? Yeah, I mean it's, it is kind of like pick your poison with him.


Yeah, I mean he played so slow. It's amazing. Again, it was like a quiet 34 so it was just killing. But I don't know, I think having somebody to defer to. I mean obviously Brian at 40 is a, is a different beast. Yeah. Father the time. But I, I like him together though. I think it, it'll let him take some possessions out here. He took three and a half quarters off and it was right there. I mean they got the Barta Luca for that last, for the last shot. You know the kind of, that's a narrative all his on that LeBron be running from, from the, the big moment. Aw Damn. No I mean I ain't saying that.


Okay. I stir off. You Know it's good to have somebody else to go to like shit For sure the Floor out I guess for, For the hell of the conversation. Obviously we know the other two have won championships with him with as far as best duos with him. Where do you rate them? Luca d Wade ad Kyrie Man I, I like the Kyrie and LeBron, You know Tandem. But it's also like you like I said, you getting a different bro. Yeah because if you get Luca with LeBron from 10 years ago, that's a, that's a whole nother piece. Yeah That's crazy. That even fair but but I, I was partial to the Kyrie and and LeBron For sure.


That's a fire door to me too. That's my number one. Yeah I like that one over all Over. Yeah what they did in the finals bro. It never be done again. That was a crazy for sure. Super Chat SH Jones. Jeff I never hear you speak about the legendary ld. How was he as a coach? Larry Drew. Larry Drew was funny man. That's really it. Who send this nigga y money Donations? Nah for real. I ain't gonna 14. You know I rock with Larry Drew 'cause when I got my, I first got my first deal or my second deal to go to Milwaukee. He was the coach Milwaukee. He told me he was gonna bring me with him.


So that's cool. He, he good people in my book For sure. For sure. Man. Solid win for Lakes yesterday. They at the five spot right now. They match up against the Grizzlies. Is that an easy win for them First round? I mean it's an exciting game series to drive around if he healthy. I know he been out a little bit. He's he he prime time tv. Yeah but Luke and LeBron, that's just too much man. When LeBron wasn't even playing for real yesterday they still get a win against a quality play Pacers team. Scary. Yeah. Yeah and Luca we know what he can do bro. He beat teams by himself man, years ago. So I don't know I I don't want nobody that I really like to match up with the Lakers or go and stay And I like Ja Ranch so for sure it's tough.


Like you said quiet 34 yesterday from Luca like Effortless them two in the, in the postseason bro. That's, that's dangerous. I gotta quit saying them too 'cause Austin Ree cold. Yeah especially when he played the plays re Bryant bro. He was doing some stuff. He got it going early. I was looking at Darius one of the homies. I'm looking at him like now he really, he really cold. We keep looking at you like he cold. Yeah he called he average 20 damn man he called. Nah respect Austin Reese for show man. When they talk about that, that third win conversation, he's definitely there for show he'd be killing take a lot of pressure off that LeBron whenever he can just play whenever he wants to too. So man shout out to them for sure. Bad matchups out west. Speaking of the West Clipper stay hot to get a win over the Knick.


Yesterday won 26 and one 13 won six of the last seven. Man Kawa been balling 27, 10 to seven James hard time huh? 29, 6 and six. Kat went crazy with 30 FO and 14 and OG been balling juice with 28. But we talked about playoff kawa about that time. Yeah might get spooky. Ah see that's another bad match of who they might linko with Clippers. Ah shit And the nuggets. Nah that, that's not good for the Cliffs. You said choir? Yeah Yoic man that that's just not a good matchup. They need to see the Rockets. Yes. Okay. They can get yeah they need to play the rocks so Tell niggas the tank so they can Pretty much much Be saying so y'all can lock in with the youngsters.


Hey sometimes about where you supposed to be at baby James Harden going back to Houston in a playoff series bro gonna go crazy. Yeah, He killed last night too. Yeah Come On man. Hell of a second half for James KW Leonard too. Yeah they really got a nice dynamic duo with them too. And Big Zoo Zoo be killing a lot too on me. You know the Clipper is a scary team man. I'm not going lie, lie at 10 they got a lot of veteran leadership. It's some quality, quality players Top 75. I don't know if that's a team you wanna match up with. The West is kind of spooky man. Sure. You got Ghost your boy NP balling he back NP Back all year. What? Who's scarier the Lakers Warriors or the Clippers in the playoff series?


In that order? In that order? Mm Lakers number one. I Mean you think, you think the Warriors are more scarier than the the Clippers? Yep. 'cause Steph can just dominate three games by himself and get you that dog. Why can't two though? I know he can but we haven't seen it in a while And I wanna disrespect 'cause I think kws one of the best player performers of all time but we gotta see it. But if he's, I think Clipper's got a better starting five overall. I don't Disagree with that. I do too. They got a better starting five for sure. They Got ell. Yeah they, I mean They got ell I'm just saying but James Harden is showing you that I can still get 30 in this league and Yeah well they canceling out a lot of them bro.


Yeah I mean Gold State is just legit a good team but so far it's like player for player. I damn near think the Clippers got them bro. Especially in the big and Norman Powell. Who are you comparing that to On that team? Yeah. What's the young boy name? Ming? Yeah, Ming. Oh it's quiet, quiet. Shout is where he from bro. I'm asleep bro. Gimme the American bro. United staying bro. I'm taking my guy mps all day Over him bro. Yeah. Shout to my boy Ben Simmons yesterday.


One for four. Yeah. Yeah Ben back play the Clipse. I Love the Clip Mo. Hey stop hating damn back Ain't put Mo on that island Anytime the Ben Simmons ben back anytime the bitch. That's crazy. Now we got Lito here. We got a guess man, Lito honest opinion bro. What do you think? Well what do you see for Ben Simmons future in the NBA? Man I can't call that. I saw Ben Simmons play LSU when I was playing Vanderbilt and he, he had like 40 And I, I was sitting there like he was just a bucket just going to the rag aggressive so it was, I just don't understand it like Yeah we all trying to figure it out bro.


He About be up here with me. I think he going next year though bro. I think he gonna resurgence bro. He's gonna be, Bro you can say that every year. I told y'all Simpson have a great playoffs so he can get another bag and then start chilling again bro. He might be over here with us Steve bag. Nah, he got a big bag but I'm saying I I just feel like bro he, he's going to be back bro. He went with TLU for a reason bro. Bro, lock in bro. I think he, I I think his back really hurt bro. I do too. I ain't, I believe because even the way he moved now it ain't the same bro. I'm like yeah he really hurt his back. For real, for real. Defensive player of the year next year man Bro. Moving on. BPOY Just DNP.


Shout to N Man took care of the bucks yesterday. 1 27, 1 17 Joker came back yesterday, went crazy with a trippy dub 39, 10 and 10 something quiet. It wasn't on the timeline but he just do this regularly man. It's crazy, crazy. NPJ were crazy with 23 and 10 also be here four Sis. Shout out to my dog man. Boy he had Four sis. He sw that ball boy For the family wide. Keep the family name alive bro because your brother is tarnishing y'all shit, keep that ball. Oh my son. We bet every morning and night the real porters. I still never got that.


You're an NBA player And you bet the other niggas, Hey I finna bitch take me Take alone Fucked up nigga bro. Yeah well so man Upper Glo are crazy with 26 and seven yesterday Giannis did not play but yo is back man he la missed last six games. It's time for that playoff run. Yeah I'm so worried about my bucks now man it's over but it might be over. Damn. You count 'em out. I'm not counting him out. I'm just saying Dame is, Dame is Dame bro you can't replace Dame and man our line facing the Knicks and Dame might not play it's over with. Yeah, I mean it it is a blood clot.


We, we said it yesterday You know, I mean it is very, very serious. But if they drain that motherfucking get them legs back Right bro. I think they all right against. Yeah I mean if Dane play now that's a difference. We talking something different. If he can get back healthy and get on the court. I got the bucks going to the Eastern conference finals. But What's that series? What you, what's your count on that series? How many is it? 4, 2 4 3 Bucks Knicks? Yeah And I got bucks four, two. Woo. Damn. Okay. Yeah I take tea. Okay, alright. What you got Lee though, Without Dame I can't call it but I like the bucks healthy. You know you got 'em over the next two though. Healthy But Damn.


Okay. Telling yeah that's some hot taste play Off. Dame a different player bro. He was hurt last year. Yeah every time he been healthy in the playoffs bro. He ain't put on shows from the bubble to anytime in Portland. Big game winners. So hopefully he can get back on the court. Alright man Giannis ran his foot yesterday this last season we go see Giannis in the Bucks uniform. Yeah, if Dame can't play, yeah he going he probably gonna get traded. Damn. I don't even know I'm gonna be real. Y'all probably know better than me. I don't even know where Yanus gonna go bro. You can go anywhere but I'm saying where he going to fit is what I'm saying. Anywhere go to Golden State go. If he go to Golden State, nah mess the NBA up again if they trade Jimmy Butler and a couple people for Ian Minga Jimmy the stadium, the parking.


You got Giannis and and Steph Curry winning another chip if he Yes I can't, I can't wait. I yeah I'm get trade to go state too. You gotta, You don't really see that And you getting rid of Jimmy. Yeah. Respected Jimmy bro. Yeah, Draymond on she so that's the same player. Yeah. Already don't need nobody bro. He gonna have Steph as his wing just to shoot open shots. It is over. That's kind of scary. Yeah he gonna get a dunk or an open three every possession. I ain't hating. I just gotta see it bro because I don't Nah That's gonna be crazy. I be seeing it with Yiannis do Brook Lopez catching them wing threes boy he gonna have ell in the cut. It's over.


Yeah, it's gonna be crazy. Okay For sure. Let's talk about a real team. Okay Boston? Yeah That's my other team. Okay, got the super chat first right there.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the A BA. You pick how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the A BA player Props. New customers BET five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Best instantly Take it to the record with DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio


Yo. What's good it is Jeff C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both GRE teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


The Home Depot. In The Home Depot.


Hey this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save warmer Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, go Hop isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart Women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


AJ bro says Jesse, you ever get a chance to play with Brian? How do you think that would've affected your game? Nah, I never played with Brian. Shit. I don't, I don't even know when I was in the league, LeBron was the point guard so I probably wouldn't have been a good fit. LeBron amazing because I wasn't like no catch and shoot player. So nah, I probably wouldn't have too much success. I'd probably been on a bench. You don't know how to cooperate. Yeah, pretty much. I'm like Trip, I'm play, I'm play, I'm play well for, so Phil Klaw asked y'all think LeBron can get his fifth? Maybe even the sixth. I feel like they got everyone in the west right now in seven except Denver.


Yeah. You a fan? For real? You think he about to get six boy or seven? Yeah. Oh they LeBron fans be crashing out Boy if bro get another ring, he damn work. I know after that he's retiring. Yeah, both. Nah, he's wild. He solidified as the goat though. If he win with this Lakers team for Sure It it is over. He Already over, he already the goat mo. Yeah. Landslide. Okay. He'll be a goal. He swing on Stephen A that football. He don't gotta get no championship if he run on Stephen A Yeah, I mean what he did his career is amazing, huh? Yeah, I mean it's teacher so yeah I, I'm still a Jordan fan but I get why people say Brian a goat Super chat. Nick asks, I know we passed it but Pace just had a timeout and Tyree is at the score table but Rick let them play it out.


Terrible. Thank you Nick. Yeah Rick Carlisle shout out to Rick man. The play, the play was in. Yeah Rick let LeBron tour go out like it's supposed to bro. The Crown was his last night. Percent. Yeah. Hit that button. I told hit that beat nose bud. It come sit your ass back down nigga. It's bigger than you right now Nigga. We just went crazy on Pat McAfee we gotta eat it. Right. They said that was the easiest game winner last night and that pissed me off watching it and everybody keep tagging me. I'm like where? Why do I be everywhere? He a game winner against us when I was in Minnesota. Somebody gonna circle me. Look at your dumb ass.


He hit a game with her. Step back mini. Oh man. Hard. I was just looking. Didn't help nothing. Somebody was supposed to box Brian out bro. Where's niggas boxing out bro? I feel like y'all don't even do that when y'all hoop no more. I don't even think that's a drill. It ain't, I don't think niggas see that's why niggas be losing's why I did It. I did it though in high school though. I did it before. We played Ben Davis' last time. Oh yeah. Box out We doing box out drill. That was the, that's the worst drill in the world. And I don't, I've never seen nobody in the past probably three years. Box out bro. Look at this play bro. Niggas just be hooping. Hey I, I saw this yesterday. I saw this yesterday. I stitch again. See I should have dunked it. Look who, look at Ju. Who's Number five? Juris Walker.


Right. Why you not boxing out and stop being a fan? Why Was he in the game? Rick Put your body on him man. Watching. Push the nigga some. Why are you in the game? Ah bro. Box him out bro. Yeah bro. Told you all niggas don't box out no more. That's why y'all lost bro. Fundamentals. Yeah Bro. Don't even care. I My mama David West with the box him out bro. My son Rick Smith Rebound Dale Davis. Oh my soul. No game winner. It's over. It's Over win Bro. Oh man. Get was suit to the pacer. Still lost for sure. Boston seven game win streak again. Beat the sleeves off the sun last night.


32 to 1 0 2 Forus came back and killed with a 30 ball, eight rebounds as well. JB had 24 and five out. Who for old school still balling 16 and 10 K had 30 yesterday as well that she's sitting out 'cause it's an ankle injury obviously. But You know when you got projections just come in the hoop whenever you need to. It don't matter. No way. Yeah, we talked about this in our debate the other day when Shay and jt. Yeah that right there is a good point you made. They be a, a quality sun team I guess. Not really quality but quality players on the teams, on the Sun team. They beat 'em by 30 without jt I'm telling you. But that's why that's the most valuable player bro. If, if Sha since out bro.


But I seen Sha sit out and they did that too though. I'm saying they just won by 33 Hall of Famers Le who? Who you taking bro? If you starting the team, I ain't mean to put you in the mix but JT or SGA or who you think is more important I should say not who you would take, who you think is more important to they franchise I think. I think SGA personally but, 'cause I mean the Celtics is loaded like you said by 30 without 'em like I think SGA more than the the catalyst for for KC than Yeah. Yeah bro. You averaging 30 bro. If you were starting a team now we gonna put you on the spot.


Yeah. Before you say I'm gonna tell you our, how You speak for this dude playing Our group, our group chat was, we was, You know we, I got a group chat with some of the Midwest people and Jason's in that group chat And we was talking about your album. So yeah, throw that Out. You just trying to throw that out too. Yeah, I just throwing out don't give a fuck Scream JT on Nah, that I don't know if, Yeah, Nah I'm starting team. I'm, I'm going to SGAI Feel, feel Yeah The the 32 is Nah, same easy.


Nah it's for sure. Nah he cold. Most definitely we know what boxing gonna do favorites. Obviously the sons do they wanna make the play in. I don't know man. I think they should just go ahead and let KD ride it out and just yeah ad back two players. Let them. It'd be exciting though to see them. The sons in the play end though. Like KD verse Golden State right now. Yeah or KD verse the Timberwolves or whatever it is. It still would be exciting 'cause Kevin Durant still Kevin Durant. Yeah. You know what I mean? So actually I do wanna see 'em in the playin for sure. Sons are Mavs make it in. I would much rather see the sons. At least I can watch KD go crazy book go crazy.


Yeah I don't wanna see Ad and Najee. I don't wanna see Margie Marshall in the playoffs. Respect he on, he going crazy right now. Nah, keep killing King. Go crazy but it's playoff time. Yeah y disrespectful man in 40 right now. For real. He cold bro. Yeah Bro he average of 40 right Now. You to turn off Bro. Nine g ro bus the damn you guys no time bro. Listen we all like Cinderella in the tournament until Sweet 16. Alright where the real at? I respect it balling. We holler on the show For sure. He killing so we can trade you bro. We gonna trade you for some 14th. Look at his last, his last 10. Yeah.


Yeah bro turned up Crazy. I would trade for a few s bro. Facts, He going crazy. Shout out to Najee bro. Yeah lock In bro. Get that contract For sure man. Wait to take advantage of opportunity my boy. Keep balling for sure. Alright man Lito man appreciate you sliding on this big dog man. Tell people they can find You@grindhard.com. Star Lito Grind hard Instagram. I'm on Twitter Lito 6 1 5 whatever else. Yeah Patreon star Lito All exclusives though. Tap in book club going crazy for sure. Yeah We starting. I gotta get on there now. I'm glad you said that. Yeah I just started a book club on there and a new album Regretfully out now. Yeah Stepbrothers for Life. May 9th.


Yeah May 9th I Heard May 9th. May 9th. Yeah for sure. So appreciate y'all for man. Appreciate you pulling up big dog. Alright Mo, we got a lot to talk about man. I'm happy you pulling up this one. I'm happy we got a full house man. We got a whole lot to talk about. For sure. Appreciate you brother. Appreciate you brothers. My dog. Yeah. Get on in here 'cause I can talk about how Kentucky about to lose to them Tennessee ball. Shit we hey what y'all want? Bet. Oh listen we gonna get this shortly. Let's get the last round of games from the NBA last night Wizards beat the 76 is one 19 to World 14. You know what time it is. Quinn Grime hit 22. Yeah it's all that matters. We don't care about nothing Sta Jordan 18 Quin Grimes next year.


Oh okay. Oh okay. Yeah. Oh shit. Later be known. George Ain said you gonna be in the corner like him so I don't know. Nah Quinn you gotta sit down bro. Tyree Maxey coming back and Joel over. They said you go to the corner bro. It's over bro. I Don't believe him. Enjoy your stay. What's Crazy though is they didn't even say Paul George though. He said when Tyrese Maxey and Joel come back, you going to the corner. Paul George. Damn you ain't say Paul George George? Yeah. Pg, pg done Man. Okay. Respect. He well soon man. He had a good room. Great run. Great. Shout to Alex. Sorry Hooped out with 24. Oh who cares? Okay. Cares about the Western? Nah that's fire bro. He led him, led his team to a victory Bro. They were supposed to win the game by the way. Shout out to Freaky so.


Man they keep talking about bro. Man we gonna highlight you too bro. How many parties? So averaging this year he number two pick. Let's see what he did. He have shout to AJ Johnson. Did he have a good year? Yeah, yeah. 12 and eight. Yeah. Okay. 13, seven About 13. 13. And We okay with that boy. You 19 rookie year. The year? Yeah. You 19 Y pocket now. Oh shit. Solid though. Six fast. It's a solid year. Who? Rookie of the year. Castle said Castle. Facts my fault. He be hooping? Yeah he be going crazy. Yeah, he one of them though. Shout to Sar man. We will see. Hopefully they don't capture the flag 'cause that would be real tricky for them. Alright Sar Good. Good job boy. For sure. No disrespect.


The rappers beat the sleeves off the net yesterday one 16 to eight six. I know, I hate, I hate the net built to add situation for sure. Yesterday. Speedy Claxton 22 and 11 man's Nick Clarkton. Oh my bad. Talking about your daddy. What that should get Toton. 48 years. All This. Was the barbershop coming to America's Ain For sure. Oh God that's, Yeah it, it's about the time of year where teams just about to start getting whooped for no reason. But yeah give us on to the net for show Arch tonight's games. We'll see how y'all feel about 'em man.


Spurs at calves Cs. Okay. Yeah. Mavs at magic. Magic. Magic. I like That. Pacers at Wizards. Wizards. That's fucking crazy. Pacers. I mean they, they just won. They on a winter streak. Respect. They street. They got Respect. They having the Highlight. They see shoot Out of pocket hawks at Heat. Damn Hero go to dinner. Miami is, it gets the best of everyone. But we don't really got no outside dudes on our team like that Lakers. I take the Hawks. Take the Hawks. Yeah. Okay. Lakers add bulls. I'm going Bulls. I'm going. Yeah, I'm going Bulls every time I go get some bulls.


They should. LeBron definitely not playing tonight. I-E-D-M-P, he's definitely not playing. He's quiet for the Bulls. He only played last night because it was on S esp N or TNT whatever it was on. Mm. Yeah if he did Pat back, if he show on dp Yeah ESP game he'd look away for show Kobe White going crazy tonight. Grizzly Seth Thunder. Mm Thunder. Thunder. Yep. Okay, I'm gonna go Grizzlies tonight. Rockets at Jazz. Rockets. No rockets. Rockets Easy money Blazers at Kings like Blazers. I got Kings. Yeah. I Brother with the Kings. Yeah. I need the Kings win to the Blazers to keep losing. Alright man, it's, it's that time Luke. Yes sir. Three 16 baby. Let's go through it man.


We got a lot of games to discuss. First before we get there I want to ask, You know what I'm saying, your journey. 'cause people, I know you don't speak about it much bro, but you a champion bro. You conquered this tournament. What was it like going into that second weekend? Was y'all still all the way locked in? Y'all was just like, all right, we know we we gonna get there. We knew we was winning. I ain't gonna lie to you. Okay. We was, we knew what was up. We knew only team we thought could play with us was Ohio State with Eller. Other than that we was good to go. But y'all playing the Sweet 16 that year. Do you remember? I think Baylor. Baylor. Who was on that Baylor team? Quincy Miller. Perry Jones. Pierre Jackson. Deuce Bello. That's his last name. Yeah. Yeah. All Them. Damn The fire team? Yeah, Jones Clapped him. How much y'all beat him by?


They was talking shit but clap him quick. I don't know how much we won. Buy Perry Jones Third was supposed to be that man. Yeah they, they had they names. They had some names. Yeah they was supposed to beat the G About 12. Yeah. Shout to Quincy too. He went crazy on Iowa State. Yep. Yeah, Mo killed Iowa State. I was watching that game with Josh Smith. He was talking bad to me. White was nasty though. I ain't gonna lie. Yeah, he was The best player y'all played in the tournament. Yeah, He was the best player on the floor. That game damn better than everybody. Only Rock with airplanes. Yeah. That was his only problem. I Remember y'all said thought that nigga was LeBron James. Oh he Looked like it. He did. Ro rock was, was whooping shit. It was crazy bro. Yeah. Damn. So on the road to Sweet 16, y'all knew y'all was gonna get there.


Is that the, was that like the, where y'all play at? Was it like nerve wracking? Like was y'all ever like nervous? Nah, we was good bro. We was locked in. We really was like can't nobody beat us bro. Only team was Ohio State. 'cause I was like he might get a D problems that's but he wouldn't have. But I was just thinking that at the time. Mm. But yeah, I ain't feel like nobody, we wasn't scared of Nobody. I ain't gonna lie, I ain't want y'all to match up with Indiana or Vanderbilt. We played em. I know y'all did but I was nervous. We want us to play them when we played. I know y'all, we was thirsty. I know y'all get back to Indiana And we would've smack Vanderbilt. I Don't know bro. But we almost let them win in the SEC thing bro. What? Because we wanted to get a loss out the way before the tournament. That's the crazy show. We didn't let them win but we kind of like fuck they was crying and shit that they won.


We like y'all are sad because y'all, that's my dog but With a burner. Oh well John came, y'all say y'all wanted to get lost out the way. It's crazy 'cause I mean we ain't Wanna lose the tournament when the counted like I, we lose right now. Coach ca after the game coach count said whew, we got that out the way. That was our speech and then we left. Nobody cared bro. That's crazy bro. I Swear That's crazy. Y'all one less your team in college basketball history. Y'all was just out there on Bobs. That's far A nigga's tanking everywhere. So who y'all got in this round of 16? Alright, let's, let's start off Auburn, Michigan, Auburn. Okay. I I'm gonna go with, You know what I think this the one they moves. I got Michigan.


Michigan got some bigs. They got them bigs that can match Auburn. Big Auburn I only played through they big Broome. What's the little lefty Petter was Petter for right? Yeah he had a good game last game but I just don't know if Michigan can score enough points bro. Them bigs is good. They guards You Be getting to it bro. Them bigs get to it bro. Double double monstrous bro. But they might make them play that big 10 basketball tour might score game down bro. Often them really don't score that well either though. Yeah and Broome ain't scoring. Petr had a good game but the rest of they players they old as hell. They ain't good though. They hit shots though. They knock down Three. They got some three point shooter but they gonna get some home cooking for Michigan. They gonna have a, this is gonna be like a home game for that show. Nah, it's yeah I mean it's gonna be a good game but I just like Auburn coming out.


Hey if Pippen and son get the game it's up. Yeah. Yeah. If Pip and son playing he gonna win Pip and son Play. Auburn gonna win. Yeah Pip and son is at home right now with the large. He's like nah I'm about to go kill this. Who? 16 I'm in the portal if That they banking On we good. He with Larson right now. Shout to the fab. Alright. Duke, Arizona. Duke Like work Duke I For me I'm going with Arizona. Man I, I like, I I'm this the only time the only team I think could beat Duke right now. Duke Gonna have a good game though Because he take over. Yeah he be, he got a chance bro. He 33 facts. He been here before he a champion.


I just think this is a moment for him bro to get back to the league. Yeah this his moment to get You know get be a second round pick. So he gonna have a good Game. Damn. Yeah hopefully He does. History tells us he gonna have a good Game. Yeah he Do it this time. That's a fact. I think he'll take Duke down bro. Okay. I like that call. He's too deep bro. I'm gonna roll with Duke but I ain't mad at Caleb love getting somebody out the paint either. We'll see for sure Proctor and that Nigerian It is old bro. Yeah, duke Cold though. Big Cole. He From, he from Sudan, South Sudan. Shout to Lu. He was on the national team Sudan bro You know how I feel bro. Shout out to the whole bro As a whole BYU Alabama that's gonna be a high scoring game right there. I want BYU going BYUI like BYU too.


I ain't gonna lie bro. A shoot but Alabama shoot good too bro. Yeah But Alabama gonna let you score And I think that's the, if they had a little bit better defense I would feel differently 'cause Alabama gonna score for sure. Yeah but BYU could score too and if it's gonna be like that and BYU got a bunch of 28 year olds too. They do. That's a fact. OG play. Yeah I'm I'm gonna go with BYUI like that BYU make it to the elite eight. It's gonna be a rough year for AJ next year. Oh that's tough. Yeah to come in, come in get 7 million kind. Yeah I fall in line a little bit like We already good. We was nice made to the elite eight. Well I'm telling you that was last year's team. This is a new roster. I had more a i to all y'all can buy. You will swing. And I think it's somebody else coming with him there too.


That's cold. Yeah like a big, they got a big yet we looked at a foster. Yeah they got a whip. Especially if some people stay for sure. I mean I make 7 million. Y'all say it's about the money so I I, I don't give a damn what y'all did last year Lee. Yeah bro. You a coach And you team was decent like this you make to the elite eight And you bring in a five star a superstar like that. Yeah throw the chemistry off. You gonna throw the chemistry off? I have the chemistry. Y'all locked it with me. That why they gonna be saying shit. You ain't make the tournament next. Yeah because lock head with me, The fans gonna end up hating Him. He gonna be coach of the year to, he gonna leave early like Jaylen Johnson. Hell man, he gonna leave for sure and then we got Ole Miss in Michigan State.


Don't go to Michigan State bro. That's going, that's a slow Man. I'm rocking izo man. Knock on wood. I'm I'm gonna go for Izzo 'cause around this time he gets to the final four. Yeah. Shout to my boy Atkins bro. We yeah we on the road too. Rich Richard too. My ole miss ain't Ain't I'm there ain't no slumps either. I'm taking Ole Miss. Okay. Yeah it's quiet. They got a veteran group too. They well, well coached bro. I love how they coach. He hard on their kids but they defensive always the lead. Yeah he got to the little chip with Texas Tech. He know what he doing man. Nah for sure. Alright man. Houston, Purdue, I got Houston In Bro. I got Houston. Oh okay.


Boy. H time I, I got Houston winning it all but I'm a, I'm a pick Purdue just 'cause they playing at home. Maybe a crowd might give him a boost of energy. I don't know if it's gonna really help 'cause they gonna trap the shit outta brain. Yeah he would not win that guy. Oh like white back court. I'm sorry to say this but I just don't bro like him and lawyer I can't roll with You gotta follow Dr. Omar bro. He's really, really taking to on your life bro. Bro. No he not bro. Don't Because this is basketball but they got The other light-skinned that That's the whole point. 'cause basketball, Brandon Braden is a great basketball player bro. He's splitting that double team bro. That's not comfortable with that bro. He is splitting that double team. Why You say that? You just think they attack not Athletic enough Man, I like Houston's he's splitting in between the legs Man.


Win in what Game did you I'm saying he's capable bro. I ain't seen him dunk all year. I ain't got to. I been killing niggas bro. He be Playing good. He's good. I just don't believe in that bro. I don't like him. Okay. That's just me. Just by the time of year where Houston seems to, You know, disappoint some people so I don't know man. But this but you like BY you got a all white back court? I mean I just like them against who they playing. I don't really, I ain't, yeah ain gonna lie but they point guard he's six eight. Yeah And he nice though. He supposed to be a top 10 pick. Yeah. Braden is a traditional pitch. Houston gonna Try to punk them. They about to after. Yeah they Are the game they about I give you that bro. They are gonna do Purdue. Purdue is a, a finesse big like a finesse Big 10 team.


Yeah. Yeah They got some grinders on their team like Trey Kaufman ran. Yeah he play hard. Yeah I mess with him Bruising bang. But they guards are more finesse players and Houston got nothing finesse about that. It's Crazy me that they still ain't figured out how to guard him though. 'cause when he come who with us? We like send him all the way left bro. Yeah well nigga y'all have been playing basketball for 40 years so call what? Against the old shit. Alright. Mixed crowd. This one. All right. Kentucky, Tennessee. Big game in the city this weekend. Talk about I I got Tennessee move On Little buddy. You gonna pay for that. We seen What you did. I got Tennessee. What happened? He gonna pay for that bro. What he do? Flick the thing off At the school.


Yeah we'll pay for that. I got Tennessee. Don't worry. Yeah ZI like that energy. We'll handle this. I I like that energy. I shoulda wor my own hood today bro. I like that Zig. He will pay for this bro. Why? He said the smoke happened. What? It's, I was crying here. I like the ball. Yeah I got Tennessee, I got the ball I was on call for. He going with the ball. The volunteers won this. Ah man I can't be, that's an asy mascot. The the volunteers like that's true. That's terrible. Oh. Who wants to be a volunteer? That's crazy. Mark gets a six 16 first year. That's, that's impressive man. That's, that's tough bro. I think the alumni are impressed with that hire already.


Yeah he about to get to Elite Eight so looking Real. He's not Year Rick Barnes. Rick Barnes ain't going. Okay. Og. You know they can guard. That's one thing Tennessee gonna do. They gonna make it a ugly grind out game. They going to guard, guard, guard. Ziegler gonna make all y'all guards uncomfortable. Ah. 'cause Kentucky little point guard is the same way. Mm, Yeah he Guard and he makes shots. Yeah but As long as we got hit, I wish we had the dude that was hurt. I forgot his name. We really win by 15. Really? Yeah. You talking about light skinned buddy? Nah, the Shooter the one that got hurt. He whatever. He got the little afro. Ah man. Worried about nothing but conference game hurt though. It's a conference matchup man. How was it like man, who won that?


The tournament y'all, y'all won? We beat him at Tennessee. Y'all beat him at Tennessee? Yeah. So You know it's up. They beat us too. I think It's like Y Indiana, You know what time. Oh wow. You know. Oh wow. That's what you wanted? Nah, I'm saying when they see Indiana again, they was like, we on that. That's what Tennessee think. That's why he flipped it out. But I think it's one one. I think they beat one, Two. Oh it one, one? Yeah. Okay. What's all the marbles right here? Tie break for sure. Alright man. We got Florida, Maryland. Oh, Florida light work. Florida. Yeah, Maryland had a good run. So Yeah, I had a good season. My boy ready to get ready for the league. And you talked about Ro, say head coach got a job right after that. Where you going? Told you bro, let's look it up again.


One say shout to Oh buddy, I'm taking Maryland. I'm taking Maryland. Alden's gonna patino, I'm going with Derrick Quinn. I'm, I'm going Maryland there. Coach From Drake, Maryland. He at Iowa now. He was only at Drake for a Year. Yep. They said that's the new school. That boy, that's the new coach. That's the guy who got promoted. But yeah, they said Drake is a new farming school. 'cause everybody who go through, they get head coaching jobs but They coach is elite. Who? Drake. He's a great coach bro. That's what up? That's the new head coach. But we can move on from that one. And then last certainly lot least Texas Tech and Arkansas. Cal. What gonna do? I'm rolling with Cal bro. Okay. Me too Mo, I got it rolling with Cal. I I'm rolling with Texas Tech.


Damn. I'm rolling with Cal. Seen Cal play his hand. His hand. That's a ugly game bro. It is ugly. Yeah. I don't like Cal but I Ain't gonna lie. Cal won the game. He wanted to win. He wanted to be Patino bro. Yeah. Oh yeah. He's smooth right? Sweet. 16 first year he wants, You know, so yeah, no man, we done had ups and downs of season. The guys they're finally buying and he got his speech. They got one heartbeat and these guys had, this is the most fulfilling year I ever had. We lose a guy like Boogie Flynn for half the season. Yeah, yeah. No have our guys And I fuck with that one. Heartbeat. I tell my own family. That's the crib we all need to be on. Uns. What gonna say? I I, I met half these guys. I was here for a week for sure.


It's the truth. But he got it already ready. He had it ready for what he was gonna lose to our money. Yeah he did. But he did what he wanted to do. Alright, Can we come back to the tournament one more time before we get outta here? 'cause we will probably go through the, alright, so let's go through and say we got Florida advancing that obviously and possibly Arkansas. Yeah. So Florida versus Arkansas. Yeah that's Florida. That's Florida. Okay, so Florida's come out that area. Okay. If we taking Houston outta that And we taking Kentucky outta that from Move Houston. Mm. I in Kentucky bro. I Yeah you okay? We we gonna find Oh yeah Kentucky play Houston. Kentucky's definitely gonna beat the shit on you man. Kentucky Do not. I ain't going. This ain't no shade. I love Marcus to death. Kentucky don't got no hoop for, for real.


It's all we're gonna find a four. Yeah. Like you can't name nobody. Well coached team bro. Nobody on Houston. I mean nobody on Kentucky. You be like yo, he nasty. Excuse me. He nice. They got a whole bunch of, it's Just a good team. Yeah it's just like you can't name nobody on BYU for real. Yo, they they point guard. He going the top 10. You don't know his name? He a foreigner. Foreigner. Foreigner for sure. All. Can we scroll back down please? We ready to finish that record. All right, cool. My bad, my bad. Michigan State against Auburn, Michigan State bro. I Got JI I'm taking Auburn, Michigan State. I'm rolling Michigan State. I Auburn Bro. I'm taking Auburn, Michigan State man. I'm rock. I'm rocking with Zo man. Don't know. They cannot Score points bro.


I Agree. We lock shit up too though. They do Lock up but they cannot swim. I'm gonna take Auburn. I'm gonna take Auburn. Okay. Auburn there and then Duke obviously over BYU or Alabama, but don't matter. Arizona. Yeah, we walked to The chip. Zona first. BYU or nah, duke probably gonna win. Duke got a chance to go to the final four. He got a good chance of winning it all. They play defense too. All right, well we're a really risky show here. We got all the number ones advanced to the sweet six, I mean to the bottom four. I know, I don't, it don't happen bro. I got Michigan but okay, I got Michigan beat Auburn but okay. Yeah, we will see man lock in this weekend And we'll beat some great games for show.


Yo what's good it is Jeff C from Club five 20 podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland verse, Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense, they both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Hey this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save Alma, miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine HL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heists tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Super chat. Terrone Johnson Jr. Asked someone asked Alex Perso this, how many eBay players y'all think could lead the worst team in this March Madness tournament to the championship round? He said around 20. Y'all saw that. They were saying if you could take a NBA player and put him on the 16th seat, could any of them get to the Final four or could any of them get a champ? Bro, they gonna trap his shit out there, bro. Yeah, I'm nothing. Yeah, They gonna trap him. You not putting nobody on God. It Tuskegee University. They winning. I don't go there straight to everybody that hooped to the NBI. You might get a game, You might get a game but they, you might get a game. You get enough players, they gonna try the hell out. What you put LeBron on one of em teams. You might can get a game Giannis bro. Hey he said 20 bro.


Nah, that ain't nah. Yeah, nah You probably can though. 'cause I'm thinking if I went to college when I was in the NBA bro, I would've manipulated the game so easy. Niggas was cold in college bro. I'm saying when I was in the league I would've manipulated the game so easy like you put James Hart in a college game right now bro. He gonna put them in so many pick and rows And I Amm not saying y James stiff. It is James the Elite players, they can win some games for sure. James Harden was playing Jason And I love, y'all know I love my HBCUs bro. Well he playing on one of them schools bro. It is over bro. He could get a win Bro. Oh yeah. 'cause you have to play Duke or somebody one 16. No, He can't take about St.


Mary's but I'm sitting over Duke. I think he'd get a win. I think he could beat Duke. I I think if we go any of the, If James Hardin goes to Alcorn State bro, He's gonna make them a lot, lot Better Shots. They Gonna be beating. Shout to my people at Grambling. Put him on Grambling. Grambling ain't bad. Put James Harden on Grambling. He's beating Cooper flagging them bro. In the first round. Are y'all High? I'm not saying, I'm not saying that. Shout to all the youngster hoop. We ain't shitting on nobody. We just saying how the competition level for, I'm Not saying serious or nothing, but he could, he could possibly get a game bro hard. Might be good at basketball. He might be able to beat them bro. We just seen, we seen you BA lose too. And I love because the people Onlin, they, they cool. They enough to make an open shot. That's all he trying.


Nigga hoop Just hit the open shot for me Bro. It is quiet bro. You put, yeah you put Brian on Glin bro. They beating him bro. They might beat him Bro. It's a a poss Jimmy, Jimmy Butler hooped with, we had a whole team. He, he picked a whole bunch of G leaguers. They beat us bro. See what I'm saying? That's different. That's, that's under them lights bro. It's different under them lies bro. For sure. Yeah I was in the auxiliary gym. I'm nothing bro. For sure. OJ Pimp as beat him. I see the video of your boy Sheldon hit Dennis Schroer with a JBO close line from Hill. Yeah. Shel. Yeah Sheldon Sheldon close line him. Yeah. Yeah bro they have beef. It is what it is man. Gil. Well soon Schroer For sure.


Alright man five Buckys B he who was getting two yesterday? I'm Give it to Brian. Didn't do nothing for three quarters. Fuck these niggas. I'm going back to my city with a bang man. So shout out to Brian for getting that game winner on them Pacer boys. That's crazy. Tell you who you got. I'm gonna go with Kat 34, 14 and four. Yeah good night. But they took a L for sure. Mo. Who you got? I'm going with Kauai 27. 10 and seven. I think he back. He been hooping play out Kauai on the way. Yo went crazy. His return yesterday with 39, 10 to 10. That's crazy. He had a 40 point triple double and ain't nobody talking about it 'cause Stephen A in a box. It last but certain not least Luca killed us yesterday so I got social respect man.


34 7 7. It is crazy for sure. Alright, get well soon will be here. Who needs some encouragement this Thursday morning Man. CJ was nephew man. K Watson man, kj dunk Tony man. That's nice cousin. That's n bro. Hey With two That nigga. So now he's good at, when you say people good at basketball, he's really good at basketball. He is good at basketball's a wild boy. That ain't two hands to the basket. Hey yeah. Shout to KBJ man. That's what's up. Who else on that list? Miles Turner? Yeah, well soon.


You know Miles. Yeah. Got Jackson Hayes punched on him. Punched on him. Boy Sho Bob, Texas. On Texas. Hey Yeah he dunked the shit outta miles. I gotta see the bench reaction to anybody react. Nah, JJ should have swung on a nigga honestly right after that happened. Lemme see, let's see if anybody react swung dude, somebody grabbed his arm. Yeah it was Jarris. He lost us game because he boxed out. Oh. We said oh shit, look at him. Caught your ass boy. Ooh, you said it was hard.


See that's nah, it ain't no rotation no more. We just clip. Damn that's up. Caught ducked his ass back. We got one more here but I don't think there's a video in there for it. We got it. Oh, turn me up. All right. Zoomba OG slip me yesterday. Hey, he too tall though. Well count your ass out the way then Zoom back be killing. Can we go back to Stephen A Smith I wanna give Will soon to Stephen A Smith for him punching like that. It ain't loaded. Okay. Okay. My fault man. Brian posting that after he got the game winner last night. It's crazy. Even, even better bro. I love Petty bro. And and Petty Bronny. I love it. Nah, For sure, For sure man.


Alright.


B he you got a parlay for this weekend? Oh yeah man, let's get straight to it. Taking Alabama over BYU. Okay, I'm picking Maryland over Florida. I'm taking Duke over Arizona, Arkansas over Texas Tech, Michigan State to defeat Ole Miss Kentucky over Tennessee, Michigan. To beat the Auburn Purdue to smack Houston. $10 wins you $11,000, $10 gets you 11 fans. Yeah bro. Money line NCA tournament baby. Tap in. Yeah, so Draft Kings, You know the vibes before we outta here.


We gotta play it one more time. Stephen. A show 'em about a fight hook. He load that motherfucker up too. I swear to God. Hook. You wanted to be childish and just punch the fuck outta him brother. That little had low as hell. Hook That nigga in the basement. Boy. You know nigga got the arcade. You know Where at. I'm gonna say them blinds. Don't tell me where he at. That's the scary blind. Them blinds is a look. Yeah, them blinds. Tell me to door apartment back door to Oh, Stephen A at the spot. Yeah. Ain't on that note.


We might be back next week one time. He have a good weekend. Five 20 In The Morning, I swear. I'm like, where is he at, bro? The Volume.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. I'm new podcast dropping Diamonds. We dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League in deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is prick de well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.