
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Taking Over the helm of NBC Nightly News, a 75-year-old broadcast, it's a great responsibility. Good evening, I'm Tom Yamas. You have to go out there to bring people at home closer to the store. Wildfires continue to be a threat. With that massive hurricane comes the massive response. The best reporters in our business know how to listen. And when you listen, you get the truth for NBC News. For NBC News, NBC News, I'm Tom Yamas. That's what we do every night. NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas. Evenings on NBC.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discovers accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


Hi, It's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made an Austin, Texas real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing. Easy. Summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, it's a perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour. You should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Ink. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume Saver. Responsibly The volume.


Good evening. Know what time it is. Game five, recap 5 28. The Shade. Dj, where are the shades? The shades got s hell the the way we got stomped on today. Tonight The hell. What the hell? What the hell? Wow. This is nasty. What the hell he put KC jersey on? What? The Helly Burden? Y'all let Jayla Williams. What the hell is daddy do? 40 Ball. If you could tell by the vibes the patience Definitely took a L tonight. What the hell is Daddy do man? What the hell going on? Four Points. What the hell? What? What happened with Tyres and I? Why the hell he do that? Nothing happened ain. What the hell? Absolutely nothing. What the hell you shoot? He did not show up to work. Zero for six. Zero in the game. Five most important game. What? Probably shot these? Shoot five.


I don't like these niggas energy. He, I ain't gonna lie. Six shots tonight, man. Six shots. I I don't like his energy Mal. Mal wasn't aggressive. What's, is he still sick? He still got the COVID. What the hell? Mine as well. Pascal came to hoop tonight. He got the poor Zs got and let's get straight to it man. K took care of the Pacers tonight man. We get to the final score please. One time for the one time because I forgot the, forgot I was it one 20 with the Hilly? There we go. One or something ju. That's what it really was. Ju. There we go. 1 0 9 to one 20. Man, I got my talent on, You know You know when you, You know what I'm saying? After that championship win, you put your towel on.


What the hell? What the hell he, why y'all better? Hey this he be, this dude shit. Like hell. What the hell he what the hell? What the Helly Burton? What the what? The Helly James. They can hit the, Hey this how Rob you had the, they having fun. What the what the what all, what's The's name? What the hell? He said what's the name? Carlisle. What the what?


The Johnson. What the hell we love? Hey man, hey, hey. Shout DDG. We've been hooping since oh eight. Oh hell the Sauce. I can't take the sauce. Break the game down though fellas. Break the game down Bro. We had fun but Pacers man, they got blown out the gym today man. I know the score looks like it was close but it was not a close game at all. Man. As many turnovers as Pacers had in that first half getting out, rebound the way they got out rebounded, they got punked tonight.


They did not show up to play basketball at all. Shout to Pascal. Aka he was hooping. He did everything he could. You know what I'm saying? He had a 30 ball. TJ Nash showed up for us. He had a great comeback by himself. Went on a six. Oh run, got some turnovers. Played very, very well. Showed left you man. Fa I agree. OB Toppin played well too in that second half. But man as a whole, we got punk tonight but we got Colin of what it is bro. What the hell, Halle Bird? No, what the hell bro? Yeah man, hey man, you can't do that in this game. No. And I man show you got show up, you can't do that bro. Gotta show up tonight. Four Points. He Slack tonight. But I feel like his teammates should have picked up the slack. They did. Nah bro. Nah they didn't. TJ McConnell was like his, his backup came in and hoop. Tj his backup came in the hoop Bro.


Tj. But it was just TJ and C bro. Didn't nobody else give Tyree shit bro. Tyree supposed to give us something. He hadn't been playing great this whole series he had ain't had a great series. Now we gonna be real. You come out and do this bro. I agree Mo. But if you look at our other wings, our wings have not given us a damn thing. Andrew Nim Hart, seven points not enough. What the hell? That's what? Hey, hey listen. At the end of the day, at the end of the day, all that is fine. We paid Tyrese the big bucks. Oh okay. That clear. You gotta show up. You gotta Money. That one T said he had a superstar. They went crazy homie Big to show up right now. What they say when I said he won a superstar Four Points? Bro you didn't make a field gold my nigga. But what they say when I said he won a superstar?


He got four points. The His you? Yeah. What? What they say when I said he won a superstar? How you don't hit a shot? They argue with you. What they say? Play Run and all I'm saying they called you out your name Boyt. Tyrese is T 40. I would never, when I played 30 minutes had no fucking four point. What the hell headquarters This what? Crazy. What the hell be fair? A lot of people expect OKC to win this game tonight. But the way that the Patriot showed up tonight, I'm just the, we got punk tonight. Flat and simple Respect rebounding was disgusting with Jayla 40 to Jalen Williams bro. I coulda seen Shaylin 40. Nah, Jaylen Williams can give you 30 to 40 on any of night.


He He called like 30. 30. Wrong Jay team Allstar is hard. But I expect 40 from, he got 20 to 20 to 28. One guy he respect 40. I expect 40 from Shay bro. But I'm saying Jaylen Williams, it ain't scarce that he got it. It ain't no No no. I'm not saying that. But I'm just like it Ain't Carson Wallace that shouldn't whatever nigga Shouldn't happening tonight bro. Shaa get 40. I'm not saying that. So When Ben Merin get motherfucking 40 in 10 minutes, didn't get four. Y'all cool. He didn't get 40, he 40. I'm just, I'm just saying though. He didn't get 40 when he killed in 10 minutes. Y'all say it is okay. It is because it's, this is our Allstar scoring 40. Y'all said his shit don't travel. I ain't say that I disrespected you. I never said that. I said yo game had to travel for y'all to be successful.


Never once and it it traveled. Damn right. It and then it went back home. And you, but I'm just saying you low key. The MVP of this series dj, we can accept 40 from Sha bro we can take 40 from Shade. Jay Williams, Jaylen Williams get 40 bro. We in Shayla A light night tonight. Quietest Kept Jaylen Williams could beat MVP of the fucking punch. He might pull a ci Kamo top. They won't give to him. They won the weight he played the last week. If you keep quiet on the lowest of lows, like even though SGA he, he took, he took the big shots last game. Jalen Williams still had a solid 2020 SG is averaging 32. That's Killing. He getting It. You have to give it to Him. What? What Jaylen Williams averaging in this series probably it gotta be a solid 25.


I'm saying on the lowest of lows. Yeah, 40 tonight. But a Nigga averaging 32 is crazy. Yeah it is for sure. Consistent Michigan, that's D Wade type numbers. He only average that's entire playoffs. But if he go to his last, can I see what my boy Che had tonight, please Stat team. It Don't even matter. It don't matter. Matter You know, didn't it for me? You know who didn't have a good game? Che had not tonight. Che had nine night. Okay Cool. And they still won and We won with Che having nine. Y'all fucked up Somebody. We fucked up. I mean look, we talked about the role players at the crib. We know what's gonna happen. Aren, Wiggins hooped out four from seven for three big shots. I mean listen, KC showed up and they played exactly how they was supposed to play. We know It's gonna happen. I need the Pacers to win this though.


The pace is gonna win the next game. Yes. And I, and I ain't gonna lie and the way I'm feeling, I don't know if they gonna win the next game, they gonna win the next game. I feel like the way that we got punk tonight, boy we better be a totally different team at home. Tonight was discussing they gonna be Halliburton not gonna play this bad bro. I four bro. This is what I said. Can't get no worse than that. I agree. Get worse. This is what I said when a series first started, this is what I said throughout the playoffs. I said DJ, you can remember I said Tyrese have these games where he's non-existent and he had one early. We was like, you was like he got it out the way. Well know the hell he didn't. He had three of 'em. He ain't played good for real bro. He hit that shot that one game. He did not play good that game. That is true. He didn't play good that game.


But he wasn't non-existent this game. He was literally not. I'm saying as yeah he was a ghost when I said he wasn't a superstar. People wanted to kill me. True. And I done seen other great players get hurt or have a little nick and during the game and come back and return to have moments. But if you gonna be hurt, just sit out then bro. 'cause Yeah, you have to. This is too important for you to be fucking around. Yeah, I, I was a little disappointed and TJ not getting more minutes. I don't know what that was about, but he was literally giving us everything. TJ was the only reason why we got back in. But You know why you gotta go with your max player bro. And I understand but for win a game and he's a max player but he just ain't a superstar. Like superstars never have this this you would never, LeBron had bad.


I can't say that. Say that LeBron 13, no LeBron had had four. I'ma I'm gonna give Ty, He didn't score a field goal. LeBron had 13. I'm Gonna give Tyree some bell and James Harden do it all the time. He don't, he had a field goal. He never had four. He, he would score a point. He never had four. He would hit a basket. They getting double digits. I Ain't look A bad game for a superstar is saying not Tyres gave us us 10 a night. I don't, I'm not saying we would've won but I mean a James It would've looked different. It would DI don't think James hard if, if James Harden went without a field goal in a playoff game. Ja. James Harden got gold on y'all though. But has he went without a field though? I don't know that. Does James hard include three instances where he score zero points? Joe F 2021?


Yeah. Okay. Last was 2010. There it is. 2021 the nigga score. And that's The ultimate superstar. But 2021 he was cooked. He still double digs. 2021 he was cooked. He still had double digits Bro. You gave us, I'm not mad at Rex bro, but I'm saying 2021 $300 million you gave us four. Oh 2021 James Haren was 33. I understand. And the other time was that was net. The other one was his rookie year. Those four points of yo support. Supposed to, and I think that's the game. I think that's the game he roll he towards. Sring almost ain't score. Y'all Don't need him for That. It that's the game he towards hamstring. Listen, we need 12. Alright We roll it right here. Your bad game could at least be 12 struggles. Five point return before the next swing game. Five.


Oh yeah. That's when he tore his hamstring. Yeah, he was injured. Yeah, he was injured. I mean I remember he was walking out there, he came, they're looking at Tyrese for his calf injury. But regardless, I mean like you said, no excuses. You in the court, figure it out. If not, get off the court. Jaylen Williams showed his ass tonight. Jaylen Williams was a problem. My biggest problem I've had with our wings is that You know Aren, east Smith is known for his defense. He's played phenomenal but this finals, he has definitely struggled. You look at Benedict Mare, Jesus Christ man said you said Jaylen been cooking Aren East Smith. You said it. Yeah, he's been cooking him the entire series. And if you're not, that's a bad matchup. It's just, I mean yeah. You know what I'm saying? Just a bad look for him. But none of our wings showed up to help. But are you gonna put AKA on him? Who you gonna guard? Have to get? I'm not saying that you gonna stop him 'cause at this point he's figured out his recipe to how to kill us and we don't have no answer for it.


It is pretty much over with. Yeah. So at this point you gonna have to outscore him. Cool. If you're not gonna stop him, you're gonna have to contribute getting 14 from N Smith. Okay. That's solid Benedick. Mavin look terrible tonight. Outside of who's us. That wonderful game and those two games, Knicks, he was terrible tonight. Andrew Nihart, I know he played defensive SGA but he didn't give us nothing offensively. So as a collective, our back court and Wings did nothing tonight. Yeah. And that was the big difference in the game. Even though it wasn't as crazy as the score was, we had a chance to be in the game. But you start off with those turnovers, man, and and them playing so bad. It make Halliburton look even worse. Yeah. Make him look even worse bro. Yeah. I'm just saying bro, I got so much hate y'all was in here celebrating. He a superstar. He did.


He still did his thing. I'm not gonna act like he did. I'm not hating, but this is ridiculous. And everybody always say Tee every time you about to hate, he say he not hating. I'm not, he's a good player. He's an all star. But I don't know. Y'all literally in here debating about nigga getting four points. Nah, I ain't debating. I'm done debating bro. Bad game. Terrible game. So is he a superstar or not? I'm still rolling. He still is. I'm, I'm still rolling. I'm fucking With you. I'm superstar. I'm okay with Bad game. I'm rolling with you. It's not a bad game. You cannot get full right now. No, I'm rolling with you regardless. No, super. Got you. Didn't drug this team all the way here. You gotta put some respect on it. No, I, I I respect all I'm saying. You not good. Y'all can't fought a nigga for a bad Game. I not saying you ran Every superstar in the NBA when LeBron fucking failed against Dallas.


He had bad games against Dallas. Fuck his stats. He pissed. Poor against Dallas. He did not make a field game. LeBron James is still a superstar. Of Course. Yeah. But he did not make a field game. I'm not doing Tyrese like that bro. No, he is Killing Tyrese is all, Tyree is the reason why the patients are here right now And he's Allstar. That's one of the reasons Pascals a big reason too. That's a fact. He's Allstar. Tyrese the biggest. He's Allstar. Tyrese hit all the Moments. That's fine. It's a reason Pascal got, he's Allstar MVP of that motherfucker. Hey man, you gonna say you the biggest and I got MVP Because it was rigged. I don't give a fuck. Oh my God. You can see where the cameras is on Me. I got MVP The cameras on you at first. I walked To here and talked. It shifted to you. Yeah, they they made a joke outta you.


I walked up here and got this trophy. No, I think the biggest part that's a takeaway from this game is that as shitty as we played turnovers and rebounds watched, you still had a chance to win this game. Tyrese played like shit, you still put yourself in a position in the fourth quarter. Win this game. Okay. See, obviously we're gonna get a game away. They did but Tyrese gotta pull up. That's, we keep giving chance. That's when you gotta show up, Show up. That's 200 million nigga. I understand that. That's my only thing. You making all this bread. We talking about Nate Smith and Nihar, they don't make $300 million bro. You do. See that's what I, that's what I hate. Think about money. But We giving you this money bro to do this. But I'm still human. I'm okay to have a bad game, Have a few bad games, bro. Niggas just play better than me tonight. Nah, Nah, that's the final.


When you sign that contract, you got a responsibility to be this person to the organization bro. Yeah. We gotta responsibility to be this person. You gotta show up and be it. So you gotta take this criticism. You gonna collect this check. And that's why certain people are superstars and some people are all stars. Take the criticism. I made an Allstar team one year. I couldn't take that criticism every year. I'm, I'm cool. I I liked it for one year. I I like y'all giving it from, I like partying. I like partying the rest of the years. Yeah bro, you get, I like going there and do my thing. You getting that check. That's like Jeff playing with Jimmy Butler. He like you getting that check. You take the shot. Yeah. Why you giving to me? I'll make 19. You make 43. Why you giving me the ball? Why that be your job? You getting all the money? Nah, That's a fact.


Killer man. This, this is a killer. This is a my Through the float. This Ain't my pocket, my Pocket. My nigga went to go shoot the floats. My pockets don't say I'm the killer. No, no, no. Well if I'm the killer, gimme the 52 and then I'll shoot the shot. Yeah, because I don't his job nigga just like you go to work. This is going to work. Yeah. Do your job nigga. Shoot the shot. He, he getting paid 48 $50 million a year. Listen, and you looking at an Aren Smith who get 10. I Drop down every series of this fucking playoffs and fucking gave y'all a game winning bucket. Thank you. Game one bucket. Damn. Help me out. We paying you for that. First of all, they're not paying me for that. Hey, first of all, they done help me. Every shot, every shot that he done make has been off the back of somebody else.


Like all them besides the Cleveland series. All them shots. He wasn't having a great game. The the bench and all these, those dudes was hooping Aren. Like even the shot Lee Smith hit seven three. Yeah. And then he hit the big shot. He hit the last one. He did it. He hit Him every time. I'm him. That's okay. You to beat him. So keep being him. You to shoot that shot. Don't stop being him. So if I have a a hiccup, it's okay. Nah, we ain't got, I mean you can't have two of those nigga. Not two of those. The row game championship Not the light skin. I rolling with you. If you were one of the greats be great. Yeah. If you was superstar to be. Yeah, I'm sir rolling with Tyrese. But like you said you had the backhand. I still rolling bro. He he's a good, he is a great player actually. Shit bro. I Fuck with you Tyree. But shout out to my youngest KCI fuck with Tyree too bro.


Listen, Lou dot, you Was outta pocket tonight. You were shooting a lot of bullshit tonight. Tyree. I thought you Was rigging the game. Lou Dot Hey lou.is a free safety. Yes, For sure. He damn near rigged the game. But shout out to Caruso. Caruso came through Quality Stills tonight. I fuck with you for Sure. Tyrese is a superstar. I mean an all star but a superstar is just like tough bro. Shout Out to Stein locking the pay down. You did your thing tonight. It's tough In The Morning. We gonna really actually break the game now. We just doing initial reaction right now for show for 'cause I mean I'm, I'm overreacting to his four points but like well let's, let's sit just super super chat. Just super chat. Christopher Cooper said where the shades at? Left my ass on four points in the finals because be my friend house player at Nick's fans not at Hate watch almost complete.


Give us super patience. Hey guess what? We stomped on y'all arena twice. We won't care about the Knicks. Fuck Knicks. Y'all little bro. Y'all try and trade for somebody. Yeah man go go apologize to Tib make it right the home Techo and the super chat said Rick got a call out rest post game or we lose in six contact Keep being one way. I agree the offic has been questionable but You know it's not been questionable turnovers and also rebounding. Yeah. That's what happens. Us playing soft has nothing to do with the reps. I know that. You know what I'm saying? There are more physical teams so they're gonna probably get more calls but You know, just giving the ball up and it's not even that they're taking the ball. We are not even making easy simple passes in a half four setting. So 22 turnovers is not gonna win any basketball game. Playing that timid. Very simple. So the reps ain't been great but we gotta be better than that for sure.


Keem chilling. The super check said I'm waiting on that. TIG Arenas 1 0 1 for 500 K. Shit they ain't, they ain't call me about that one. Yeah 500 k run that fuck brother shit. Yeah On me. Run that paper nigga. The next chapter tap in for sure. Yeah. 500 k nigga I would've been over There DJ crying in the Phantom out the gate On me. Yep. Not, not the Toyota. Shout out to Christopher Cooper. Shout out to future. Nah he crying in the old school nigga. Fuck you talking about.


The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance that we can play some bets on these games man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA. For sure. We ready to tap in man, what you got for me That five to get $300 in bonus bets, man $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Yeah, I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City Thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm gonna use that bonus bet to put it in for my Indiana Pacers. We gonna get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time bets on DraftKings $5. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings put in promo code Club five 20. That's again promo code Club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me but hey you bit that $5 and you get $300 back on that bonus bets for sure. Only on DraftKings the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, That's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip he shimmies the door open, stepped over the dog. Oh and he stumbles. Oh Right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed ocos With 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos Stronger makes everything better.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees


Taking over the helm of NBC Nightly News. A 75-year-old broadcast, it's a great responsibility. Good evening, I'm Tom Yamas. You have to go out there to bring people at home closer to the story. Wildfires continue to be a threat with that massive hurricane comes the massive response. The best reporters in our business know how to listen. And when you listen you get the truth for NBC News. For NBC News. For NBC News, I'm Tom Yamas. That's what we do every night. NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


So we all made mistakes, right, but on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know the degree. Cool Rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bring it back. The OG cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse spray for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself man. It is wicked man.


Patience. Boy. I seen that first half. I was just like oh we are getting whole, we are not playing like we won the championship. Yeah y'all was down for 12 for like by 12 and 15 for the longest but not fall back. I knew we would make a run but I think the biggest problem like is none of our wings gave us anything tonight. Like nobody as a collective you cannot win a game that way. 22 turnovers not getting offensive rebounds. Not getting defensive rebounds in possessions. OKC looked like the team that won it more tonight and they did for Particular. Yeah. Check out let Ben get loose more though bro. I honestly listen, I've been one of the biggest real shit. Ben apologist Ben with 2 4 11 tonight. Ben was missing open shots. He Was bro. But he kept in and outta game Bro. Ben was missing, tonight's my dog he was missing Bro. He was but they kept taking a minute out the game.


You can't get a rhythm right There. Listen, if you shoot at percent, you're not playing tonight. Let's be real respectful. He was mid, that's my dog. But he was, he was mid as fuck tonight Man. I'm rolling with you bro. I don't like how they sub you. We not saying we not rolling. I don't like how they sub you Ben. You know my tweet Eric Pacer game played double zero. I tonight I was nothing. I saw Tony Bradley run the break and hit the Euro and I said yeah good game. That was when, that's when I decided that fuck this game. Tony Bradley and Ben passed on the ball on the break. When Obie Toppin had that wide open Dunking. He tackled Hartenstein. Yeah Bradley. Yeah. Good Game. He was, You know, some bullshit tonight. He was tweaking And I mean what did Thomas Bryan do that was so bad. Like, I mean damn it's not like Tony brother did anything. How many rebounds he had tonight?


Four. What the hell? I know at least TB had hit a corner three. What the hell He so, Yeah I, TJ McConnell be killing him. I knew they, I knew they was Gone. That shit is bullshit. Nah, he he brought them all, He was hooping. He was, My dog was killing tj. What he say? Can't t fucking leave me open? It's not bullshit though. No. He played harder than everybody tonight. He They should. I told y'all this morning on the show that they need to play him a holler burden together. Yeah. Instead of fucking with these weak ass. I shouldn't say weak but these wings ain't really giving y'all no type of motion. Yeah. All all I like ni hard. I like n smith. They ain't really giving you No, he giving you a scoring punch and the energy that they not giving y'all right now.


Yeah and y'all should but it just see if it's something there C defense was crazy though tonight y'all Yeah they was OKCs defense is amazing but like even in the first half the, the turnovers that we're getting bro, we're just jumping in the air and turn around passing the ball. Not true. We're so nervous. I'm like just make a simple pass. But they made Tyree real uncomfortable tonight bro. No, they make everybody uncomfortable. I'm not gonna slight their defense but some of the decisions you see on them turnovers, it was just like, bro you can't pass the ball across the court to, against Y'all. Yeah. But as soon as he got the ball they jumped him bro. They was on his ass. Like get the ball outta this niggas hands asap. His Cal, we was having his calf hurt. Yeah. Re inbound the ball his cal, we couldn't get the ball in. His calf hurt. Who? Tyrese? Yeah. He got sit out then he got calf ass y.


I respect him and sit out. Y'all know how I feel about that. Sit out. Her man can't help us bro. He, Michael Porter Jr. Cost the different Nugget Day series 'cause he played 40 men game. He was, Williams had 40 bro. He got, we'll talk more about that In The Morning. But he was destroying, he got, he's been killing the last four games. He is. That's why I said quietly, he, he not gonna get MVP but quietly he been doing his thing and I, I don't but you Don't think he giving and I need to apologize to him 'cause I'm the one said his game don't travel sometimes. And that motherfucker packed his suitcase. Nah, tonight was he taking Everywhere with him. Tonight was a big, he showed his full arsenal Tonight. Yeah. And it was light too. He didn't seem pressure.


He didn't seem uncomfortable. It was smooth left boy. He brought that Goyard bag with him, boy. Yeah. Shout his shit was chucking that bitch tonight. Oh. He was for, He owe Jaylen Williamson bread 'cause he, he shot horrible tonight. So I I want to apologize 'cause I said it don't travel sometimes. Yeah. And he said boy you don't think he travel. He thought I had Louis luggage. Boy this Goyard you respect. Nah, he went crazy man. Shout the Goyard. Shout. I'm a Burkin tonight. Yeah. Big Burke. Big Bergen bag. Shout to Gun Gift. Hey man. OK C took care of business tonight man. Game six will be in the bridge. It will be a tricky game. We'll break the game down more in depth In The Morning with stats all that man. When is game six? Game six is Thursday. Thursday in the bridge.


So we shall see


New York In The Morning man. One time for Boost Mobile. We'll appreciate y'all. 99. 99. Gonna get you that new iPhone 15 man. So y'all can text me with the bullshit 'cause my phone is blowing up. I will respond shortly. We'll be back In The Morning. We'll see y'all. The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year Degree change of formula lift for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one min and per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself.


New out of nowhere, obstacles, new all or nothing Moments new, less than likely Triumphs season two of the Unshakeable podcast has it all. Hi, I'm Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for Business and host of the show. We are excited to bring you more inspiring stories from small business owners who share the what are we gonna do? Moments that ended up changing everything. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made an Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, the perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Hey There, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like General Mills, cereal, drumstick, frozen treats, outshine fruit bars, Oreo cookies, and Capri sun pouches. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online. For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions supply Visit safeway.com for more details. This is an iHeart podcast.