
Get your mother loving ears on because your big time radio DJ's got news. PayPal lets you choose how you want to pay for all the stuff. With PayPal, I can pay in store, pay online, or pay over time. What's that? You want this translated into song? I hope you're sitting down. You can pay your own way. You keep those ears on, you hear don't just pay baby PayPal. Learn more at PayPal dot com.


Every morning brings a fresh new energy and no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We Get the best start to the day because we started together. Watch the Today Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it. April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here We go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's Tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip he shimmies the door open. Steps over the dog. Oh, and he stumbles. Oh Right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed Ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos stronger makes everything better,


The Volume. Good morning, happy Thursday's five 20 In the Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Everybody's at work this morning. Bishop Young Nacho. Five 20 MOOC fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening bro? Hanging bro. Chilling, chilling, chilling. Come on man. Play off time. Still going on. But today shout to the NFL draft. The first round kicks off today man. Very excited to see that. See some new millionaires being made today as well. A couple awards. We talked about Peyton Pri at six man a year yesterday. But man, Jalen Brunson got clutch player of the year. How y'all feel about that? I'm with it. I didn't even know that was a real award. I didn't either. I was like damn they made this up. But yeah, I'm with it Though. I did. They go with the, You know what I'm saying, the metrics going to certain score times in the game, stuff like that.


I ain't at that award. That's kind far. He earned it. He earned it for sure. That's super dope. I wonder if they used to do it back in the day with how, like how many people get more respect? 'cause like you said, a lot of people had great moments in the fourth even though they may not have won. But shit, I still was killing bro. I came back send something every time. Yeah, Joe Johnson would've won one of these awards. Yeah, some great Four quarter scores. Man. Melo Probably would've got him won. Yeah, he would've. Yeah man, everybody can't win. But it's a lot of people who do their thing. But let's get straight to it man. The rocks. Even a series yesterday took care. The Warrior 1 0 9, 2 94. Very crazy game yesterday. Jalen Green showed up like we've been asking him to do superstar numbers 38, 6 and four. Jay gonna hooped out as well with 1716 to seven.


Steph had 29 5. Jimmy only played eight minutes yesterday. He had a crazy fall yesterday, which led to a injury. He was getting an MRI scheduled for today a pelvic contusion is what they're calling it right now. Thompson Twin kind of fell into him. I know a lot of people are trying to call that a dirty play. But no, it was not a dirty play man. He got pushed to him basically. Yeah, My mom pushing Him. Yeah man, it was very obvious after that. But You know people don't like paying attention, they just wanna rum and stuff. But Rock is bounced back man. Is this expected? Yeah, I knew they was gonna play better. I didn't expect Jimmy to get hurt. That made a huge difference. Most definitely. Jalen Green did what he's supposed to do. He played like that. They a different team bro. Most definitely. Listen, we've praised Jalen Greater the show. He's had a hell of a year and we was like for him to take that next level like we're seeing with his counterpart like, hey Cunning Hill.


He had a moment 38 at home. Yeah, SHA go too. Sha go make a big, big difference on that team. Come on man. Because Golden State don't got nobody like that on a side. So he makes a difference for sure. 16 to 17. Also, could we go down to the Rocket scoring please? I know we talking about Yeah, injuries is a part of the game too. That's why I hate that shit. Yeah, that shit matters. But I mean shit y'all, y'all got a hoop next man up so shit, they Like a whole different team without Jimmy Butler though. Oh yeah, they weak. They are terrible. Yeah, I just like the whole, the whole thing about this series I was watching, we know Jalen Green, he showed up the big guys on there. Steven Adams played well they whole squad played good yesterday.


Yeah, but I'm just looking at Minga like damn, Make some money bro. Get Your, it's your chance to Sean, but damn boy you lost that bag boy. You right bro. Try to get it back right now. If he go out there and kill, he can make some money bro. I agree Mo. It's time for him to get his redemption but you Can't be worried about all that shit that happened bro. You gotta lock in torch bro. Like you said, opportunity. That probably didn't want to happen in the rotation, but like you said, next man up, shit Happens bro. Watch him do it. You throw out there, you gotta be ready bro. Go kill. It's your time. It is his time to make some money. But I don't know if his mind in the right spot. Hopefully, I mean getting thrown in the fire yesterday might have got a little confidence like, damn I'm gonna play, You know I'm gonna play now and he might be ready.


Hopefully he bounced back. That's the biggest thing I took from game two. Minga got to play. Let's see if he can bounce back. Yeah. And who and maybe make a little name for herself again and get this money. Yeah, because you look at the Squi yesterday, he took the second ball shots of the team yesterday. Although he went four for 12, 33% ate the hottest. Yeah, he was aggressive. He, he was trying to get it going but it just didn't work out yesterday. But that was the first thing I thought of when I seen him in the game. I was like, all right, it's Your time baby. Yeah, it's your time bro. Make it happen. You gotta get it back and right now somebody gotta shoot the basketball. We got to, they got two days in between games. So I'm, I would, I'd be very surprised if Jimmy didn't play. Okay. I'm sure Hopefully it's not serious. Yeah, but if it is man Rockets in five Man.


Oh Yeah. If he, if he's not available game three or four, it's quiet. Yeah, I'm gonna go on with the rocks. I I believe in the world of Steph Curry but yeah that Rocket team, that ain't gonna be enough right now. Unfortunately. One person can't just score. Somebody else gotta score Bro. Yeah we not relying on quitting post Moses Moody like that team, no disrespect to them but yeah a few days from our cases to several months for that pelvic contusion. He's the NBA player and he's Jimmy buts. That means two days. Hopefully y'all be healing at a crazy rate. Y'all be Wolverine. NBA people be having messed up nigga they They drugs that they shooting them niggas so they can play. So Nah they don't really do that no more though.


That was like some 1985 shit. Too many people care about their like health and stuff. I don't Wanna die when I'm 50. Yeah. Niggas will sit out. I see Kua sit it ain't Worth, huh? It ain't worth it bro. And then people look at the Isaiah Thomas situation like how he try to play through that hit. Yeah, yeah and lost all his like You know he lost that big bag he was about to get because of that. Boys don't do that no more. Yeah, well luckily Jimmy's case, You know what I'm saying? He got that extension solidified 'cause it would suck if he was going to this off season trying to get that bag again. Yeah, Yeah. But he got it so it don't matter. Most definitely And Brandon PKI was here yesterday like they, they, they all the bad, hey yesterday still kind of competed but I wanna show some love to the Rockets.


They had a business at home like they were supposed to. Facts game one wasn't the best. But you look at that squad yesterday, pre Van Fleet did his thing yesterday for the team. Tar Easton contributes like no other. Him and Jabari had been contributing consistently for the C though game one it was a little bit up and down but like you said when he come back we was question about that sergeant spot but Jabari Smith and Hooping man. Yeah Jabari Smith playing well Tar, they got a, they gonna have a log gym Tar Easton is, he got potential to be like a all star kind of player. Not a star but he can make a Allstar team You know like that Andre Eagle go dial type of person like equality. He can play multiple positions. He can guard multiple positions. He got ability to be like a all star kind of player.


And when you got that problem with the twin Jabari Smith got that potential and Taron you gotta trade somebody. You right. I agree because like I said he got a lot of energy too boy. Yeah he all over that court. He be man he be on that too. I appreciate that. Yeah and offensively he gonna get a bucket like you seen yesterday six or nine. He ain't never shy. He only paid 24 minutes but he gonna get them FGA up. Yeah. So when you got all them potential players, that could be obviously somebody's going to rise to the occasion but shit, there's a lot of potential over there. Yeah. Like you said can't Winmore on the bench. Yeah he got lead very capable. I mean I Think you, you move him and maybe one of those, You know what I'm saying, one of those bigs and you can go get you that next piece if you trying to really go to the next level 'cause they got the assets for sure.


Yeah. And I'm sure somebody would love one of them players for sure. Oh for sure man looking like Houston probably gonna get Kevin Durant. I wouldn't be surprised if they don't, they don't win this series. They getting Kevin Durant, they go to the second round and make it interesting. They getting Kevin Durant, they like need somebody to getting over the hump but if they to the conference finals they gonna stay put. Well they probably ain't gonna do that. So basically they getting kd KD on the way. You don't think they can get to the conference finals? Nah, I don't see it. Well nah I don't see it bro. I don't think they could beat the Nuggets. Nah, I don't see it. I don't like it. We second be getting Kevin Durant man. Yeah 'cause they're, this is two seven matchup so they'll probably be playing the the three six matchup.


Right. Which is the, they could be playing the Lakers and the Yeah that's the Lakers one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't like that for the Rockets. I don't like either one of those scenes for rockets. San Goon is out there, he just ain't no big guarding. Draymond can't really guard. Yeah That's what I said. It's quiet. He the difference maker. Yeah then they go even bigger when they put Steven As and him in the game at the same time. That's why I'm saying they play team with some bigs it might be a little different bro. Yeah, even with the Timbers you got Rudy and Jr. I mean JR strong enough to know what I'm saying, be down there with Shake on for sure. Lakers, they don't really have a beat so he probably would feast as well but I don't know if you even put Brian in that situation down there on him if they even makes sense.


But then again the Lakers got Luca and LeBron so it could get tricky as well. But ch young Rocket Smith, they handling business man. They got a lot of promise for sure. If Jalen gr can be. Nah he don't gotta be this. This was, this was crazy. He was killing. Yeah that was going crazy. Now keep being this bro go crazy. I mean that's cool. Take it. I ain't gonna hold him to that standard. He Aggressive but if you get us 25 numbers Yeah, Yeah straight. If he getting 25 every night then they don't need EKD And Eric Blue Moon do this. Yeah 38 we Good. Yeah. If he getting 25 knocked down don't need EKD And then like you said, just even progressing a little bit to next season. Thompson's gonna get become a little bit better on offense. You got your young? Yeah they got something for sure man. Shout out to the Rocks fan business. What can the Warriors do at home to potentially go back home with the a couple wins?


Nothing Bro. Just get healthy bro. Just get healthy bro. Get ready for next year bro. Oh You said Just don't have enough bro. We be sitting here trying to figure it out and say well this person needs to do this bro. It's not realistic. Yeah Seth Craig gonna have to playoffs literally get like 60 bro. Yeah. Still might Lose Draymond gotta do more. Yeah, Draymond gotta be, I know he, he gotta be a little more aggressive looking at the basket like yeah in this series for them to win. Draymond got an average 13, 14, Somebody got scored bro. Kind of like that series when they won against Boston, the championship a couple years back, Draymond was scoring and shit. He gonna have to go on that row. He gonna have to be 12, eight and 10.


Gonna have to bro. 'cause that's what I was thinking yesterday. I'm like alright it's Steph and Draymond but Draymond don't. What do he, I mean I mean he had last night he probably had five, five, You know what I'm Saying? It's Not enough. That's not gonna work. Yeah. So yeah. What nine last night? I wanna say nine. Yeah but he gotta be, he gotta be around 12, 13 a game. Eight rebound eight to six. Yeah 10 rebounds. He 17 bro. Yeah, Eight and five in 30 minutes. He 17 He need, he's 17 Draymond, you a match player bro? Yeah Bro. We need Michigan State Draymond. It's Tom bro. It is Tom. Yeah For Sure Get Well Soon to the Warriors man. Shout to rocks for handling business moving on. No JT didn't matter anyway.


Shout took care of the magic 1 0 9 to 100. They up two. Oh in that series. JB went crazy yesterday. 36, 10 and five. Poor Zingus went crazy with a double, double 20 and 10 and a nice elbow to the face. Ben Carroll went crazy with 32 9 and seven and Franz had 25, 4 and four. My third option better than your second option. That's crazy bro. If, if they could get Tre Young the magic bro, they'd be cold bro. Okay. You see the vision now they play so fucking He'll speed him up bro. And he'll space it out for Paolo so he can get to the get in the lane better I think for sure. He'll speed it up Ma. Yeah My boy And they'll hide him on defense 'cause they play a lot of defense over there And they out east so they'll be a high C next year.


Man bro. 'cause the magic like a piece away bro. Okay. You see the vision? I like him bro. They ain't gonna be a piece when we trade Tre. They ain't gonna get him though. We Gonna say we won't buying the car. Yeah we can't do that. Get on my phone. That bullshit. That's what say hang hang the quit playing bro. Come on Franz. We called Nico. We ain't going Take Jalen Suggs. Nope please. Ja s Alright we looking at the roster right now. Alright you can have Jonathan Isaac. Nope Gary? Yep. Cole. You Can have Corey. Joseph? Nope Corey. Joseph played 22 minutes last night. Respected Corey. Joseph, shout out to my dog. K Kcp. I know you wanna go back to a LI Can have him slim. Nopes. Kcp has three points of 34 minutes.


Do we rock with you but one for a nine is not enough in the play out big do you are a champ. We expect better. Nope don't We gotta, We keeping Gary we want to keep Gary. Gary I Have Gary If y'all want. Nah no, nah we keeping Gary We put 'em in a Easter basket. Everybody keep It Gary Window Carters you are Atlanta Hawk. Nope we are getting rid of whoever A l like Jeff said for sure asking for Pao. That's crazy The question but ain't to Disrespect us and say that can have Pao bro To give a ball franchise player. We gonna get y'all our franchise player for he's not yours no more bro. Man blow it. Blow the team up bro. I need rebuild story. Yeah and no ask for nothing bro.


Take these pics and be thankful bro. Y'all Need a rebuild Bro. Yeah get off my phone with that bullshit. Look out For Tre Young bro. He did good. I don't give us three first Rounders and I give you two and Jalen Suggs I'm Something I give you two. Fuck it. Two pick swaps. Jalen Suggs and a big not Nate Walker. Throw M in there. Yeah We get Y off a mini machine. A m whatever Y'all want. We want two first rounds. KCP, Jalen Suggs And a m. And y'all take Clin Capella. No and Trey Young. We Don't want nobody from no other than Trey Young. You Think you don't want no extras. We all want Tre Young. You send me extra pieces.


You need to get a 13 because I don't want nobody else from Y team except for him. We re young. The magic not gonna, Y'all Can reroute him to Sacramento for all I care. We want Trey Young and that's it. Trey Young is not going to the magic. He not is not. But in the fantasy led we will love for that to happen. For sure. Man. The Celtics at this point we just waiting for them to play a team that might have deal with them probably each conference models. But we gotta, we gotta point this out man. KCPI love you to death brother. You cool nigga Boy I fuck with facts. Four points man. Four points a game in this playoff brother. He had a bad night. You, He ain't had bad games. I, I'm just saying that was a bad, I'm looking at this one.


One did the first game too. Yeah. Yeah but And the one shot he hit it was off the backboard. Okay. Little horse. Yeah he did a chim shot. Yeah. Off the glass. Chime we we need more from UKCP. They paid you 20 something a year to be, You know that veteran leadership. But man you the only one that got championship experience over there. Yeah You have to get 10 points. You gotta 12, 10, 12 something. You gotta make some shots for him Kevin. And he probably like, Hey man, I don't care what y'all talking about bro. I'm chasing around the best wings in the NBA this series bro. Somebody else For bro. I'm stand bro. But you're a three and D guy. You everything you are. That's what you are. You need a 10 piece. Yeah you gotta get 10, 12 bro.


Ain't Matter. It ain't no S smart. You know it's all love over here but big facts. Four points a game. It's crazy. Oh that's constructive criticism. They they ain't gonna win bro. They Ain't winning but just they, they give them a chance. Make it look Better. God damn we give you all this money. Come on man. Yeah for sure. Now despite the injuries for the team, we also know P five and Wagner had hell of a year. You know what I'm saying? Obviously if they're not hurt, different standards, different situations. For sure. For sure. But what y'all seen 'em be next year? 'cause obviously we know that it is quiet right now. Probably. You know what I'm saying? Get the brooms out healthy. They'll be a top four seed. Okay. Yeah. I just don't think they ever going to make it a real run. They just don't got that team. I think Paolo is nice. I think wild in there. It's nice. They just, it's the magic. Yeah they Middle of the pack team bro.


Yeah They gonna be like upper middle of the pack. Yeah that's crazy. 'cause they got two killers. If you gotta move on to get him a parent partner, you gotta move Franz because obviously you not Trey P five. He should be a magic for life if he wants to be. Yeah You have to to get something Elite re Franz bro. But you got, you gotta just, you gotta keep all three. You gotta do like Boston did. Boston didn't trade nobody Stay the course, just Draft Good. Get some Good. Yeah I drafted both these dudes. That's good picks. That's a fact. Now you gotta make a trade. You have to give up your assets. Like Boston did. They went and got Derrick White Drew Holiday. You Gotta do something if you wanna win you can't just, you gotta Give up something.


So you need to go find them pieces like that. Like go Tre. Like you said, try to get Trey Young. He might be too much. You gotta go get the person under him. Yeah, but Jaylen Suggs is good too though. Most of he was hurt. Nah, He is good. Yeah but he ain't tre young but he's damn good. But then you also have Anthony Black like you got so many pgs on the team. I mean they got rid of, You know what I'm saying? Markel but man I don't like black. I I ain't gonna say you no disrespect back. He good Defender and shit. But Yeah I'm smooth though. Anthony Black, you cool on that Can't score. He Jaylen. He Jalen Suggs. Except for worse. Jalen Sugg is Better than him. Yeah they they literally drafted the same player. They both play defense. Yeah they went through a log jam with pgs Cole Anthony too like go through a log jam with PG still they gonna have to upgrade that position to move on for somebody.


But I like Jalen Suggs in the team. You think He'd gave him a better run if he was out there right now? Who? Jalen Suggs? Yeah. Most definitely. Jalen sucks. Most definitely. I'm not saying they gotta beat the Celsius but I'll fuck with Jalen Suggs. Actually I fuck With him too. He can hoop everything I do. That's why I say it'd be a good train. But he's Good. I keep him And when they was, both of them was out. He was hooping because they went on the stretch. They was winning a couple games when they, well they were staggering their injuries and he was killing. He was probably, They was still winning games. I probably running it back with Jalen Suggs. Yeah most respect they got all healthy Now they might have to upgrade that two position for sure. P there. But we might have to upgrade that wing bro. Nah, you need a three and D. They got two many scores. Jalen Suggs wanna score. He played D he the three part PP five fulfill your role can.


Yeah, he just ain't making his shots right now. But yeah, we gonna see for sure man. He ain't tripping boy. Nah, he don't give a fuck. He don't get no fuck. Crazy. What you got bro? He got paid bro. Bro he's chilling. He don't care. He got paid a couple times. He ain't tripping boy. Alright. Who looks like the better team right now? The Celtics or the Thunder? Thunder? Mm. Just 'cause I know it's the Celtics. I'm just gonna say the Celtics. Okay. But the thunder look good as Fuck. Yeah. Thunder Look amazing. Hey do shout out to my boy Chet. They had s Smart on your name. Nasty. We rolling baby. Who put the S Smart on Chet name man. A lot of people bro. A lot of people said Gilbert. Do we? Is he going to do this in the playoffs? Me?


Yeah. Gil, I was talking to you and your cohost nigga. Shout big joke. Shout out to everybody. But yeah, I, I think the thunder day a problem bro. Yeah I just, when you got pingus though, if they go to the chip, I don't see the thunder doing too well against the Celtics. That that's actually gonna be a, a nice little finals run bro. It really would. It'd be entertaining. What's Wrong with Jason? Tatum Hurt his wrist. It's wrist. He'd be all right. Yeah Bro. A good one. Yeah. Damn. I don't know how to answer that. Be All right bro. Y y'all be wild on here shooting. He heard the shooting. Okay, there we go. Okay.


He be all right? Yeah, he'd be fine. I'm sure. Sit Out the rest of the series. He can fuck it. We about sweep deal. Just chill. Yeah. Give what?


So who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points of favorite player with score rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the EBA player props. New customers BET five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Best instantly. Take us to the Rack with Draft King Sports book where every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see d kng dot coast slash audio


Oh Tasty High note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I'm practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this leaf blower, PayPal could pay for your purchase. The great PayPal checkout, No purchase necessary End July 18th. See official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 in eligible purchases per cart.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here We go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's Tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh and he stumbles Oh Right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eat his protein packed ocos With 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos Stronger makes everything better


Because the 2025 NBA plows get more exciting. Actually yes because this year thanks to Dash pass members only deal. When they swoosh you score. Specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any players score 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use a promo called Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score sign for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one. Valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Juba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo and more. Live the Chumba life at chumba casino do com No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Moving on man to Cavs go too old gets the heat. 1 21 and one 12. Your favorite white boy had 33 and six. Bam had 1114 to nine n Mitchell had 36 and six and Dero had 21 and nine. Please load up to Drake please tell you they got a combined for 50. There you go. 51 They 51. DJ is popping his shit and I love to hear it Man they Almost lost Tyler Har was on they Ass bro. Nah, he was kill yesterday. Yeah he must have been talking shit. 'cause that's why Darius Garland said this. Yeah he had be talking shit. Shit Line. I really good teams over but the first two games has really helped do it. What's the key to To playing clean basketball? Dunk against the team called Top the Hero.


Take care of the book. Don't play in tight spaces. Have big on Pop. That shit. He was picking on them too Though. Y he had 33. He Was, he almost beat them bro. Like he scored every taro fucked up. He was killing bro. I'm like, but I I love that energy from DG though. Absolutely bro. Pop your shit because they need y'all. They need you to be on that. They need you to, you Too now you gonna have to stand On it. Yeah. Throughout the rest of the Yeah, nah, You going to play. They say that's cool when they play Boston they gonna pick your ass. I'm rolling though bro. We need this energy in the playoffs though.


I like it. He was whooping too. Staying on shit. Now you going to Miami? Yeah. Oh. Tyler about to try to torch him. What? Yeah he, he's getting 40 came through, He's getting 50 bro. He's about to try. I know. Hey He don't have to Pass but if we win it don't matter. Nah. Facts. But you talking shit about make this entertaining bg. You gotta stand on this now. Like Jeff said now you gotta go to this next round about make you guard me nigga his more combat shit get a little different when you get hired. My boy. Yeah, sometimes shit get they about to run into. Oh The bean Damn. Yeah They about to play. They number one. Hold on. They gonna play us. Yeah they about to play us. It ain't about to be sweet.


Oh here you good then. It ain't about to be sweet. Who y'all picking on? On the Ain't? Yeah Go look Season record against the, it ain't sweet, bad Tyree Man hooping your chains on them beat. Hey DG gonna have to outperform Tyree. He could. He gonna have to. We don't have too many, many times up here. We'd asked DG to do more. They caught my PG underwriter. He had 21 and 12. I'm just saying He he had one nine. Yeah last night would've Sauce one. I love that. Hey man, I'm Just saying one bro. We play the cash next round. It ain't sweet. Nah hell man. That ain't sweet. Yeah We, we played Boston.


I fear nobody we we dealt the boss That year lose that gonna lose. But yeah We're probably losing six but it ain't sweet. Yeah I think Y'all could beat the calf. Yeah. It ain't sweet bro. We match up perfectly with them. Yeah. Calves do get shaky sometimes. Y'all Can beat the cals. Hell know. I don't really believe If we play the cast, Starling a 10 ball away from getting beat bro. He go out there and get 10. I don't know. I think the, I think the heat gonna win game three. Oh you got, he win the game three. He gonna win one game Bro. Okay. Energy at the crib. Run it up. Yeah I got to win the game three. I ain't gonna lie to you. Okay, I'm rolling dg let's go man. Pick Tyler Hero. You gonna let him talk about your favorite white boy Like that? Nah, I'm just saying keep that energy high though man.


I love it because your team, your team need that from you bro. Like saying you can't get 10 bro. So you gotta be aggressive the whole the way through. Get 20. Yeah bro. And pop your shit bro. 'cause you nice. You deserve to talking shit like This. You all nice, nice as hell. Love to see it for sure. But y'all think it's going five? Yeah might be getting a nice game three then. It's getting quiet after that. Yeah, that's what I got going on. Okay. Yeah I don't fuck with the east anyway. So Donvan Mitchell kind of took a step back offensively this year because the team is doing super well like you saying sitting out a lot of fourth quarters but You know what I'm saying. Wrapping up in the playoffs, what do you think he has to do to go to the next level? Shit, He gotta start dominated after a more round. I mean obviously right now it don't really matter. I mean he's still killing anyways but yeah I mean the next round if he played the Milwaukee Bucks or the Pacers, whoever it is, which team he gonna have to be a little more aggressive 'cause these teams can score the ball and the been playing good defense.


I know they ain't the best defensive team but they making it tough for some of the guards' been having this weight. But yeah, I was gonna say ain't nothing we can do with Yna so nobody can Don't Like fuck yeah. He's one of the best to ever play basketball in our case. I would say why I feel a little confident is because we have sides on the wings and we got people who wanna play defense. You got Aren e Smith, you got Benedict Math. They not gonna stop him by no means. But those are two people you could throw at him and kind of slow him down a little bit. He's still gonna kill 'cause he is a superstar. But in that situation we match up pretty well with them. I think for us, I mean foreshadowing obviously a lot of things have to happen but it would be Miles Turner versus Jared Allen because you can't put Evan on him 'cause he gotta guard Pascal. So if Miles can hit threes and space the fly out, we got a chance to against them but not shit.


You look at this team that've been great all year. Any bitch is playing well. So shout to Donovan Mitchell man. Super Chad, ask some questions Jeff and Mo, what aspect of the game came easiest to you and what came the hardest? Pause. Shit shooting came the hardest. Figured that out later. But just getting in the paint, making plays into the rim. Being athletic, Passing came the easiest and nothing was really hard. Being real. I probably, I guess shooting. I guess we grew up in an era where you dribble the ball all the time. You did n one tricks and shit. So You go to the hoop.


Yeah. Get your shit off for sure. Alright man. Game tonight N Pistons. Tide series man. Live in Detroit. What does Detroit have to do to win tonight? They gonna win. I like the Pistons winning this series bro. Okay. Unless Kat start torturing. I like the Pistons Bro. I like Detroit in this game. It's gonna be live in there. I need this series bro. They got the best announcer ever. For real bro. He had, he turned up before the game. Yeah He do. If Kat start, Kat going kill tonight. If he starts Killing is winning it tonight. I got Detroit bro. Okay so let's break it down. So for the Knicks win tonight, Kat's gotta kill. He has two Jaylen Bros.


Beef, Jalen Bruss gotta get a couple more assists, get other people going but Kat gotta kill. Okay bro. The energy in that building about to be crazy. It is. But if cat kill there is nothing they can do. Yeah, I Know. Detroit used to be the shit. They needs to be the shit. Now imagine they ain't had a playoff game. What? Oh It's about to go up in there. Oh. It's about to be crazy. Saw the baby, You know about to be in there. It's about to Go up. Ah man. Ah yeah, courtside about to be lit. The vibes will be in Detroit tonight for sure. The change, the goals is out. It's all The buff In the building. Yeah, the buffs are in the building tonight. When the last time they really went to the playoffs when K was born? Yeah. Been a minute since Detroit had a playoffs game. It ain't nothing but 21 times Five years. They haven't had a playoff win in 15 years.


I don't know about the last, They had a real run though. I think what Reggie Jackson knew was there when that's nasty work. We'll look that up as well. But what the pistons have to do with win. And I know obviously the energy will be there but what, what do they need to execute tonight? Same recipe they did last night. Don't turn the ball over. Turn them over. Get in transition, play fast. Play fast boy. Yeah, they gotta eliminate the others. They gotta take out Mike Hill, bridges og. You take them out the game. They ain't tripping on Josh Hart. Josh Hart don't shoot threes at a high enough rate. Just keep 'em off the offensive glass. But if you take out in Nobi and you take out Mike Hill Bridges, they win the game. Okay.


Facts, that's a lot of taking out. I would just, I would just let Jalen Brunson kill bro. Yeah, just do AO shit. Just go to work. I wouldn't say no doubles nothing. Fuck it. Y'all not gonna beat us like that bro. We know that already. All the Thompson twin 1 0 1 ke. Y'all not gonna beat us bro. Him and Dennis just guard 1 0 1. That's it. Kat and I having another game like that y'all. I don't think he is telling y'all that right now. That's the way Gonna No bro. No. Like niggas is human, they gonna have messed up game. But It wasn't even that he had a messed up game bro. He wasn't really getting a rock bro. Yeah, but I'm saying though he's gonna be way more involved now, bro. Okay. And I saying It's not going down. If I'm new, I'm sending straight doubles at Ka.


I want to take Kat, I wanna fuck with his mind like you can't play on Bro. Kat let just say 10. I'm quiet bro. Nigga nah, that's a horrible game. Nigga not having 10 and six no more. Y'all crazy. Nah, he probably won't. He's no bro. He's really good. But I'm just saying But all right. But this hap, this is what happened to us who we played when I was with on the Timber Wolves. Ka had a game like this in Minnesota when we played the Rockets like game one against the rockets that he had this game. Everybody's like, y'all gotta get ka the ball. I gotta get the ka. The ball we started throwing Ka the ball Kat killed. We got beat by 25 because You know it mess with your head like all they gonna throw the cat, the ball the rest of the game. And Kat here, he like I gotta fucking kill.


They let Ka, they let Kat play one on one. They just take everybody else out. Ka Let somebody play either one of them, let 'em play one on one. Yeah. So Tibs was the Coach right? Take Yeah he learned from that. So Now T to death but he don't learn bro because he still play everybody the whole game. I'm glad Jeff brought that up. Tim show you like good shit T you got the fuck up. Then link some shit around That Dros bro. He keeps playing people until they die. T give be damn he doesn't Care bro. So he's gonna do what he do bro. But they start throwing the ball in the cat and they let Ka play one on one and like all right fuck it. We gonna take throw it in there, let 'em play. They gonna get tools. Tools. The only thing he is Jalen Bronson is not just gonna do that.


He's gonna be like I'm shooting this motherfucker too. He's not that type of person bro. He's not just gonna get ka the ball the whole Game. That's true. Yeah. So what y'all got Detroit by 10 tonight? Not 10. I go Detroit. I don't know bro. It's tough. If Cat, If cat hoop bro, the Knicks gonna win bro. It's all based off Cat to me. Alright, we got back stand now. I got Detroit by 15 A tonight. Oh okay. Not take that over but Fuck. Gimme the Knicks man. Fuck. Fuck Knick. Alright be in. Where you at with it? Oh I'm staying bro. Cat killing. Come on man. Nixon five man. We all right. Good job. Look at the game. Detroit's supposed to win both games. They was. They Was on everything. They was, they was.


That's true. I'm talking shit. Hey I just feel like the Nixon just got a better team. They should on paper I guess. Yeah, I'm just going. I'm just saying bro I got a thousand dollars on this shit. You're invested so you like these niggas better can't come on These niggas better When you gonna invoice teams. Yo. This ain't no serious talk nigga. My money on the line. Shit For me it just is Isaiah a story player or not. 'cause if so, that's the big difference for me to watch Choose tonight. But I'm expecting Pistons to win tonight. Man. Handle business for sure. Shout out to the Pistons Thunder Grizzlys tonight. If you, you happen to be boarding up so watch this. Don't, I don't know.


You know it's crazy. The Grizzlies gonna win tonight at home. First game three, the energy Jo on do some shit tonight. Oh man I don't see it bro. He probably gonna kill, he been killing but it's over bro. My problem four, My problem is I got a lot of respect and love for the Grizzlies but I don't wanna see any more of these games like them prolonging this series would just make me even more annoyed man. NB a's gonna prolong this. Yeah they gonna, they gonna get their money's worth. But I would love to see, You know what I'm saying? Ja go crazy tonight. If Memphis don't win, it is gonna be a super close game. Let's put it that way. Okay. They might not win but it ain't gonna be no blowout. It's definitely gonna be a yeah, it ain't gonna be no blowout 4.2 point game.


They say we need the ratings up. Yeah because they definitely lost money this, this round. For sure, for sure. Josh finna put on a show though. Oh yeah. New shoe at crib. I want Y to go crazy. I can't wait to buy them shoes. Tough. Yeah that job three. Hey y'all sitting like, you feel me? Y'all been going crazy. I know we was popping shit about y'all but y'all, y'all popping back up the right way for sure. Another game. Nuggets. Clippers. Clippers, Clippers. Okay. Got Nuggets. Got Nuggets. First game Inuit play off. They owner finna act a fool tonight. That's the problem. Steve Bomber about to crash out tonight. He's Going crazy tonight bro. Yeah, slick. I'm rolling. Yeah I'm, I'm going with the Denver Knights.


Why I just seen him having a bad game. I Mm think Murray gonna kill tonight. Yeah, it is easy to play on the road in the playoffs I think. I think James Har gonna kill tonight. I don't it's Tom. Yeah I think this is the, we be looking for James for his playoff moment. I think this is what he killed. I don't think this is the game. Norman Powell gonna have a good game, watch some shit like that. He gotta bounce back after getting picked up after Al Murray. He gonna Have a good game Bro. I think they all gonna play bad. Okay. It's him. Alright. I think like nobody's gonna have a good game. I think like they not even Kawhi. I think the Nugget is just gonna kind of like they gonna beat they ass.


Mm Okay. I could be completely wrong but I just got that feeling for Sha. Alright, well let's go ahead and pick 'em through. You got clips? Yeah. Alright Mo clips. Clips? Yep. Tell you got that I'm gonna clippers as well man. I think this still gonna be a seven game series. Yeah I think it's still gonna be a seven game series regardless of what happens tonight man it's some great basketball going on. But to see Kaw play at that level, that'd be dope to see him and Yoic go crazy tonight. That's a hell of a dual for sure. For Sure. Yoki had seven turnovers last game. Yeah, he's about to eat tonight. That's what I he about to be on some shit. He about to eat tonight. Yeah He about to write his wrongs tonight for sure. Definitely take the overs on Yoic tonight for sure. Super chat. Tyrone Johnson Jr. Asked us, scroll down just a little bit for me.


Right on. Why does B Ball IQ vary from player to player around the league? If most of y'all been playing for y'all whole lives, is it coaching or training coming up? I mean shit, some people smarter than people. Literally took the words Bro. You got smart people, you got some not smart people. Some people just more athletically gifted and they ain't have to really work on understanding the game angles and all that stuff because they can get places faster, quicker, stronger than other people. Yeah. So when you lack athleticism or height, height and all that stuff, you gotta learn how to play in a different way. Speed and quickness. Yeah, like Chris Paul Small, he not really athletic so he's smart as hell. He learned all the other shit to be successful. Crafty pretty much.


So are you small guys or are you parents who You know your kids only gonna be six, five or a hundred. She probably watch people like Chris Paul and stuff like that. Steve Nash, all that. Tony Parker. They got videos on YouTube for y'all kids? Yeah My boy said Tony Parker. Hey Tony Parker is one of the most forgotten pgs cold though. Dummy game Spin move Float Elite for sure Didn't Miss no layups never on off the court. Verified Buckets be him. Who was getting to it yesterday? Tony Parker first team by Verified Buckets As I'm keeping it professional today.


Tyler Heroes. My verified bucket. I don't know what they're talking about. 33 65. My favorite white guy That's very corporate After all the shit he said yesterday. You right That boy. You're telling again Boy till my mama's hear that podcast today about the church. Are you still talking about my mama bro? I just say Talking About he did in our church. Oh wow. Y'all edit.


Oh Shout to lobster show. Oh my god. What's your favorite pop? Jaylyn Green with a 38 last night. I know he got some good food when you got home but Do you want us to? It is fine bro. It just, it doesn't matter no more. This blow. Blow the whole pot bro. We gonna fund this bitch ourselves. Respect 38 Church. Don't sponsor podcast anyway. You Know. Gotta make Sure y'all watch the show at Twitter, Eastern Star, whatever.


Can we just put it cross right here? Oh yeah. Edit that Though because I did say LER to the Yeah sorry, sorry, low this fine. This show sponsored Marvin Sack. Yeah you never get, never get outta here vocal. You got I did lock the door Too. So he was the first mark that was real Marty's room Before my time had them church keys Tweaked in the church. I tweaked the alarm system with that And they clipped the wire.


Oh my God. Please watch the ISO dropping today at 12:00 PM Easter. You will not be disappointed. Oh man, I don't even know who's left for Verified Buckets but shout to Michael out yesterday man. JB one for 36, 36, 10 Do Eddie yesterday. Shout out to Jalen Brown man. One of the coaches do it for show. I would tell you a video. Be him. Send me this funniest for hey My nigga. I swear to God you going stop. I'm start sending this shit to Malcolm and Mike for them to put on the screen because you can mama. When you gonna be on the shade room if I dropped these deals.


So Keep it up buddy. Keep it up. Day two. You telling Hey that's too funny as fuck though. But why he do him like that? Why he do his stuff like that? They got too much paper boy. What you doing man They stupid. That Nigga was like Carlos Boozer. Oh we can Get Well Soon man. Just up to Drake don Matter today. Yeah we should have put that on Get Well Soon. Yeah We should have. Oh Brian out of pocket my nigga said pick a boo. Hey man.


Beat the gold man. Beat the gold Man. Everybody looking. Lemme see this. Hey they said we should go get that warm time Y'all done? I told you don't look I ain't Looking. Oh man LeBron I love go LeBron because he don't give a fuck man. Yeah he going crazy right now. Go ahead and just play em ball man. It is a lot of bullshit that we get addressed. Draymond. They said my boys out here for Max preps to go play back football at Michigan State. 'cause he was on bullshit yesterday. What was that right There Bro just ran through him. What my nigga, how You know him been falling The first cry I thought my niggas about to start break This now watch this shit.


Play this one more time please. That screen is crazy. Like What is that? You are cheating bro. Hey look How far he fell though. He pushed him and fell in the first row And he said bro where yo Hey Man be here. They said that was you against Mo in the pickup ru Man I never do the field like that. I at least ask my nigga is he okay? Oh man. Oh yeah. Get Well Soon. Porta got caught lacking. Hey that boy nice though. He one the ones bro.


Yeah I like him. Watch out Drew. He like a baby mellow. Hey that nigga Six. I agree bro. Hey he nice man. Drew Hall, they can't do nothing with him Too big bro. He's 16. I seen, I seen Drew guard niggas in the post. Yeah It is quiet. That Was s he had a little trouble with him. Shout to Tar Easton. He had me crying yesterday in the huddle bro. Why he throw the towel at boy face? Like shut up, shut up. You play lacrosse nigga, shut up. He Trying to catch you. Dr Omar did repost that to Ey. That's what you was talking about. He said shut up, you play lacrosse bow nigga I'm tar.


He said man you can be a painter bro. Pull up he a hooper. What was this? I don't know what's going on in Will Smith life that we get in this picture but cut it out. What the fuck is this man? Somebody sent me this this morning and it pissed me off. So I decide that everybody else needs to see this. Hey them shoes weak. Met somebody. Slap the shit out. What? I don't know what the context it is. I don't even really care but we'll stop the bullshit bro. He on fin man. What is he doing bro? Bro, what is that bro? Nah says what's he doing bro? No I don't know. But he needs to get welcome if anybody needs to pray Today.


He got a birthday hat on. What is wrong with this nigga man? Yeah bro. Man who's on on that? I told niggas y'all can't be eating suckers public. I don't care what you do with a sucker bro. You gonna look like That. You gotta pop that bitch outta your mouth bro. Button up like that. How do you gotta pop the sucker out your mouth bro? Why is this coat button up? I don't why he already out bro. Is this real bro? Yeah bro. I don't know what the concept behind the scenes Bare. Back in mans is crazy.


Hey, hey you gotta lay. Get the fuck outta here. He ain't wear no socks. You got the to on the court. What is he doing Man?


Alright, so today guys, who, What the fuck is he going bro? The draftings, the crown is yours never hers. The Knicks to beat the pistons. Oklahoma City Thunder will win by 10 points against the grizzlies. The clippers will beat the Nuggets light day $25 when you a hundred dollars today. Y'all kept it sweet. Okay. 25 from a hundred and wrong with that at all man.


Listen, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back same time tomorrow. Five 20 In the Morning. The Volume.


This podcast is Supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists you can connect with via video, phone or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hess hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. HEL p.com.


Oh, Tasty high note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I'm practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this, leafblower PayPal could pay for your purchase. The great PayPal checkout, No purchase necessary against July 18th. The official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 in eligible purchases per cart.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hello, darlings pack your suitcase for a new season of the Hulu Original Reality series band, A pump Villa. Let's do this chow. It's Stassi. Of course, Lisa brought in her favorite to be resident chaperone of the castle. Dossy is an icon. She's my eyes and ears. I love this. Get ready for the luxury and drama that awaits us in Italy. Cheers to all the toxic couples in the castle. Season two of Vanderpump Villa is now streaming on Hulu.