
Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary. Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Hi, I'm Matt. And I'm Leah. And we're from the Grownup Stuff Podcast In just in Time for tax season. On this week's episode, we're chatting with CPA Lisa Green Lewis about how small businesses can tackle their taxes using TurboTax business. A Forbes study mentioned that a whopping 93% of small businesses overpay their taxes and 17% of Gen Zers believed that you could write off any expense as a business expense. So can't blame them. It's really important to do your taxes right. Listen to Grownup Stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool


At Lowe's. Our members get more with the My Lowe's Rewards programs. You can shop member only deals for your home and business every week. Plus members earn points on eligible purchases. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions. Details of lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change. Free standard shipping, not available in Alaska and Hawaii. Exclusions and more terms, apply


The Volume. Good morning, happy Monday. Five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world related. I am DJ Wells the host. Joined this morning by my two brothers. To my left Bishop. To my right, my brother T. But listen, it's March mad so it's only right. We got the expert college basketball man. Five 20 Mo pulled up this morning brother. How you doing man? And I'm good. Y'all know I had to come in man. Stop with the fan one time for sure man. Listen man. March Madness is officially started man. We got the conference. Hers took place. Selection Sunday was yesterday man. Let's just talk about it man. How you feeling so far with the, with the tournament? I feel like they starting off on the wrong foot. Letting North Carolina in bro.


Just 'cause they ad is the head of the selection Sunday thing. That's crazy though. Yeah, North Carolina being 11 play in is absolutely disgusting. If you watch anything about North Carolina this year, I know my dog, I an extra squad. But y'all, y'all should definitely be in NIT this year for sure. I Mean this, this is, this is mooc first day I'm gonna let him get his shit off. That's nasty Work. We gonna start off. We always arguing. I'm gonna let him do your college shit boys. Man that is nasty work. I would've took IU over them Bro. Never. Never bro. Comparable seasons Never bro. And if you look at you NC Schedule, boy they don't have no big wins. They had like one big win lost the Duke three times My schedule. Heavy bro. They do got a, a super, super, super strength of schedule but their, their wins are no qualities at All.


It don't matter bro. You don Matter something now I'm now I'm about to get on the same Hey train. 'cause Louisville is in the same conference as 'em and we are a C and we played a decent schedule outta conference as well bro. Y'all got the a c Was down. Nah Bro. A CC was terrible this year. A CC was so bad that y'all good wins. That's usually good. Wins aren't good wins. Like beating Virginia usually is a good win. It's a bad win. This year Is damn the one of the worst years of a CC history. It is the worst year. Literally the worst year. Like Florida State used to be a quality win. It was always a quality tournament. Virginia Tech all that. When they Florida they say hey pay them kids. He's like yeah I'm gonna go ahead retire. Yeah he said that's why they had a bad year. He was trying hammer trying to get out there. Yeah like Miami usually it was a tournament team.


It is just a bad, bad year for the a CCC for sure man. That's crazy. Yeah, North Carolina being the play in is crazy as well. We talked about a little bit on the pod but that Texas and Xavier game as a play ain't gonna be far too. Shout out my boy Ryan Conwell. Come on. Pipe legend. It done. I feel like they going, they gonna get that win too. Mm. Trey Johnson he tough but I feel like as Xavier's got a better team than them bro. Okay. I really do. Yeah. Interesting game. I hope Ryan plays well but I, I think Texas gonna win. Hmm for sure. Alright, now we got the bracket up here. Mo who you feeling like number one seasons. Did they get it right? Yeah, I like, I like Duke a lot. I like Auburn respectable number one Seeds.


Houston's the one seed. I like Houston and Florida. Florida's tough so St. John's got one of those one seats. I wouldn't have been mad. I wouldn't have been mad at it. They could have took Florida spot I think I wouldn't have been mad at it. Okay. I think Florida they got, they going at least do at Elite eight. Okay. They got a good team. Florida got bigs that's super mobile with the bigs that they got. They make it difficult to play. I watched them play Auburn one time and Auburn was trying to switch these small dudes on they bigs and they bigs can handle the ball crashing the glass. It just was a bad fit. And they coach said I only recruit bigs that can dribble past shoot. Yep. So they put you in a bind. I'm talking about they bigs at six 10. Six 11 able to handle pressure.


So they got a perfect team to make a, a deep run in the tournament. Yeah, most definitely. I'm a little bit of Fores shot in here. 'cause like you said, Florida's right there the one seat they would have to play the winner between Yukon to Oklahoma, which could be a trap game 'cause Ucon, there's a C right now but they got championship pedigree. I know they ain't got the same rosters there. No you don, they can't, you don't think they give 'em a challenge? No. Okay. No, but so far if you get up, if you, You know what I'm saying, accelerate a little bit, you could possibly get Maryland v Florida. That'd be tight. That'd be a great game. Yeah. Talking about one of the best premier big men in the nation to get that big team in Florida. Yeah. If he was a overseas white guy, he would be the number one pick bro. For sure. Shit Mo. Nah he would bro. He he really good. He's cold. I went and watched him play the other day. He's cold bro. I agree with that. He could shoot. Mm, he ain't been shooting but he could shoot the ball bro.


Yeah. Tell you he's cold. The only thing about if they meet up with Florida, Florida got so many bigs. They do. They do. They just got good athletes. They could, he's not the most athletic player. He is a very, very skilled player. But the people around him, they're, they're solid. Yeah. They're not overly like great, they're good but he's just special. But I think Florida would be a tough matchup for him. That's a good point. You can't be black and be built like that. Hey Bro. They hold it against you bro. I had to think about that. You black, you gotta be athletic bro. That's a fact Bro. So body only works for black people in sports. That's cool. It is tough. It is not too many people that play like him that's black. Yeah. So that's, damn that's a good call.


I ain't thought about That. Hey, the funny part about it is in the NBA we be knowing everybody name that we talking about this bill like that Boris Dall, Oliver Miller, RIP, all the people Popeye Jones. He not even built like them. He built like he Built like Luca Yoki. Yo just like Them bro. They just move they they move like them. Yeah. Alright. RP Oliver Miller and them. Nate was a big Oh yeah, Oliver Miller was Escalade. Oh no I was just talking about we just know that by they bill as black people. That's crazy. RRP for yo all The world people Maryland do they kind of like St. John's bro. They play defense. I like teams that get after it on defense. Can we go back to the bracket real Quick? How far you think Maryland can go? Let scroll down a little bit for me. Matrix 16 bro. Sweet. 16 at least.


Okay So we talking about that Florida team. St. John's a two seat in that bracket that arguably should been in number one. That'd be a hell of a game to go to the to. Yeah it gonna be a scrappy game. Super scrappy because Florida Guard too though. Yeah. St. John's defense is elite. Come on. You know. Ok Rick back in the mix. You know what time it is? St. John damn near walk to the 16 St. Johns can guard but I don't know if they could score or not. That bottom have trash over there. Arkansas, St. John's game might be crazy. They beat the bricks. They Damn near walk. DJ in in hell bro. No faith in the boo. Nah they say Boogie even might be playing in tournaments that'll help though. But on everything that'll help a lot. Nah, that they guard like I ain't, I've never seen people guard trying to take the ball from you.


Like full court every possession. Yeah that's Old school A U for sure. They, they can walk to that 16th. Okay, now I got ask you about the alma mater, Kentucky getting a three C. Let's, let's talk about it. We take it. That's crazy. We take it. That is crazy. I know the SEC was the pro possession of the this year. Year in college basketball. But damn A three C Kentucky shout out was a special conference this year though. They only got two teams that didn't get in. LSU in South Carolina. Oh, so they earned their three C then? Yeah, C Oh Whip fire Everybody, what was it, 14 teams. Something crazy like that. Yeah, it's tough every night. You got a great game. So yeah, That's earned. That's earned for sure. Yeah. We'll take it. They got a, they got a, I'm gonna say a they got a cool way, a cool road to make it.


Yeah they can. It is just if they can get past, I think they could could beat Illinois. Yeah, Illinois is trash. Yeah but I don't think them, I don't know about them beating Tennessee, Tennessee Guard like Yeah that's tough. That'll be a tough one. Rick don't know. They didn't already beat Tennessee so it, it'll be a good Yeah, but I don't know twice. And that's a conference matchup too. It'll be a good, I don't know twice. Alright. I ain't worried about UCLA or none of them man. See Kentucky problem is they lost they, they best player though. Shooter. I forgot his name. Yeah, dude got a burner. They needed him. Yeah because we scroll up a little bit please. Houston, could they possibly lose their second round matchup to either Gonzaga or director? No. Okay. They too tough like Gonzaga too soft for them. Okay.


They bully. They play bully ball. They play like St. John's. St. John's play hard, rebound all that. Now a lot of people are questioned about Houston. They're like all right, we always put money then to win it and every time we get here it gets dicey. I was thinking that too. I think the same thing about Auburn. Mm. Okay. I look at them the same bro. You know why Houston, they didn't win last year. They point guard already. I heard Yeah this year they could stay healthy. I ain't gonna lie. I got 'em going to the fourth for sure. Yeah, I was gonna say look down at Purdue and Clemson. That might be a good game as well. Yeah, We got Houston in the final four. Yeah. Yeah. If you look at I Houston code bro, I got Houston if you looking from that standpoint right there. Yeah I can see that too. I got Houston, St. John's, Houston, St. John's, I and Duke.


That's my three. I don't know the other one's gonna be a little skeptical. Now you're gonna say definitely Duke, you look at that right there. Yeah. It's looking like they're definitely gonna get to the final four. Yeah, for sure. We need to fill out some breakfast. Auburn gonna probably make it though to be honest. Okay. They probably will. I'm not a fan of Auburn. Looking at they schedule, they, they, they might make and they team is 40. Everybody on their team. 20. I mean everybody at college 40. I'm saying they got the oldest NCA tournament of all time right Here bro. They got one dude on their team that's 26 bro. That's Fine Bro. They said they older than OKC. Yeah they team is older than Oklahoma City. You got a dude that's, you being older than the league. MVP is crazy. Y'all stu, they Got a dude on their team that's 26 years old, bro.


Hey dude though, I really got mad like bro go home Bro. So, so it's literally no and He out there arguing with kids. It's no age. What's the name in college? Basketball? Yeah. Look like no it's just eligibility. He got a family bro. And they, they cutting a check now so boys stay so Boys can get back to it. He Living in a house bro. Look well Yeah at 26 I should be doing well for myself. 26. He at a house bro. He make a bill. He shoulda have a nice contact. Like why are you going to to class bro? Bro you at 26 bro. He supposed to be getting his second Bill. Nah, see now y'all going back. I when I was joining on these dick earlier y'all, y'all felt a way talking about dog be they let 'em get they chicken. If I'm Chicken I'm staying too as long as I can bro they gonna pay me.


26 is crazy. What's the dude name? That's 26 on Auburn bro. He a starter too. That's him herb skinned buddy. He's 25. Yeah he kill too. Yeah. Killing nigga. He should. He And my boy that made rounds, he done lived everywhere in America. Diego. Hell bro. San Diego, Florida. It's a good spot. That old college bro. You go to college, you go to college at 18 bro. Old averaging 12 and 30 bro. I'm Hitting the professors bro. He only average 12 got average 18 at least bro. He 25 averaging 12. No bullshit though. How many degrees does he have bro? He has to have a graduate degree. He has a doctorate from, He from the Field when he graduate 46 Ain't bad.


I Ain't gonna keep a be bro. He damn say bro, he 25, 12 in college bro. See I ain't trying, I hate, I just took somebody who actually play 25. It's they're not gonna say nothing to you because you played It is okay. But when I said it is Bro 25 crazy 25. It was said you supposed to college at 25 Bro. I said you 20. I'm trying to leave right Now. 23 in college bro. You're damned supposed to average 30. I said that early before this shit started. I told re he went back to school at 23 at average eight. You are sad bro. You are grown nigga. 25 bro.


Yeah bro. See bro you I told y'all earlier, I said man it's outta pocket Bro. 12 at 25 At least bro got a crib. Some of them nigga living on campus That's, they're not allowing him to live on campus bro. So yeah we can't You out your league, your league time catch up. I ain't trying to hate on his journey but he probably won't make the league. Nah, that's over you too old. Yeah, 25. You, you already made the league just the league for him. Nah. Yeah that's what I'm saying. They getting paid so it's cool man. Super check called me Rose said for a guy like Johnny Bruin playing his fifth year in college. Y'all think he deserved co player of the year over Cooper flag? No, no, no, no bro. No you don't call two long bro. You had eight years to get it bro. I'm sorry. Respect. I don't like it.


Yeah that's crazy. I gotta apologize. Cooper flag is cold. I hate it on him a little bit. He's That cold. I appreciate that bro. He Is cold. He's still an energy player but he cold. I appreciate however y'all want to cut it. What he on they team too? Yeah they whole team all they nigga. Yeah well he average 18 at least. Yeah he killed. Nah he average 18 at least he one. Yeah okay. He nice but he, I think he only like 22 though. He he one of the younger ones but he old. Yeah he just been around but He went legit. He did a fifth year in school. Yeah. That's cool. He's a real student. 26 is crazy. He had a Kobe year. Yeah this Nigga went straight from high school, You know what I mean? College, it's his fifth year. He on his way out. You know it's gonna be crazy when that JUCO wrote get implemented when boys get that free two years niggas gonna be old as fuck bro.


Oh yeah it's already it right now it's right now you could do four years. You get two years Juco and then four in college bro. Yeah niggas could do four years at Joliet then another six in Ucon. That's crazy. Hey that's wanna go back for a better bro. Shout out to them though. They try to bring college back bro. Had too by any means. Before we get off the subject booth we talk about all the time man would you pissa play to going back to school your sophomore year if they had NIL definitely bro they gimme me 2 million. I'm coming back. Why not? I'm running it back. Damn easy choice. That's crazy because we was talking about some of the premiere guards is gonna be in the port this year. He talking offer you 2.5 you gotta go. Yeah like, like dude from Purdue bro.


They gonna offer him the bag. He's gotta take it. I don't care. They give you $3 million. You gotta go. That's, that's Like you transferring from U UK too though For 3 million? Yes, easily. It's not even about schools no more. Nah, it's not about coaches, none of that. It's about who got the biggest bag bro. Like that. Yeah but it kind of play it a, it's a edged shore 'cause it could be great you got the bread but you gotta look at some of them kids that went to Miami and they the worst team. Some of 'em had NBA dreams overseas. Dream They was so bad this year that you didn't even pay attention to Miami. Nah, once you get money too early it is gonna mess you up. And think about like even our young Nigel boy that went there, Jaylen Black Jaylen.


Oh Jaylen Blackman Like he left, he had a super year last year. He killed, went to Miami and he, not to discredit him but he, I ain't heard from him since. Yeah might got hurt from too because I was watching the games. I ain't seen him playing. I think, I mean see he coulda got hurt. I don't even know But that's, that's my point like we ain't even Checking in. Yeah. Grass ain't always Greener. Yeah we ain't even checking in so you can get the money and I understand the money at least you got 3 million to sit on though. I mean like Yeah, yeah, yeah but I mean better than some people crash out don't get nothing. Yeah I mean but if you main thing is the main thing is like trying to get to where you want to be. If it's hooping NBA overseas. Yeah I get it.


But if it ain't, that ain't your thing. You I'm just trying to get some bread and whatever happened happen like I, my hats off to you and I been to these campuses. That's what they own. They don't care about none of the hoop stuff no more. That's what scared me though. 'cause when you get this money shit, what if you don't really know how to save it and spend it. True. That's gonna happen to some people. That's part of, that's part of it. It's life. It's go some people go crash Out because you get 3 million and your mama ain't never had nothing. We we working on that 3 million right now. What's up? You know what? Saying Being spent but also you get that 3 million, you better perform. 'cause you see what they on now boys is Oh you didn't, you did average 15. Yeah we we ain't get this payment not giving me my payment is crazy. That's overseas.


They, they gonna get paid. But the thing is it is even worse 'cause once your value get up to three, like you got three mil. If you don't perform your value shoots all the way back down. So let's just say you a sophomore and they offer you 3 million. You got it And you ain't hoop, you not getting that no more. Right. Yeah. Now your value done went down. You back to 800,000. It is like, boy you, your life is like this. Yeah, yeah. Ain't your shot. You not take the money. Oh no you take the money. But just I'd rather make the best basketball decision. I yeah I'd take the basketball decision. Me personally I would too. Me but knowing how these kids is they taking whatever bad coming they way like I think Ryan Conwell, not to speak on his personal money.


I know he got offered more money to go to different schools. Great choice. And he went, he could've went to NC State for more money and look how bad NC State was this year. Yeah. And he took, he made a basketball choice. It might not have been the most money he could've got but great choice. Made a basketball choice and he having a good year. He just had 40. Yeah. Out there hooping. Most biggies tournament for sure. Super chat. Terrell Port asked, I've been getting killed for saying Cooper Flag nine, number one option on the NBA team. Was I tripping? Be him What Can be can capture the flag. Can he be a number one option? Not right now. Okay. Not right now, Y'all see. Nah, he a, he a utility guy. He gonna work hard play defense, run the floor, get dunks, hit a occasional three if you watch him play he don't just, he score in a variety of ways.


Like pick and rolls. He might hit a three. Crash the glass run the floor. That's not like first option Buckets. Yeah. He not as Zion, he don't have that Zion Williams in effect right now. He'll make a team really good. Yeah. He'll make a team good facts. But he, the first option effect is when you see somebody play, you'd be like, oh I get him the ball. He's gonna go crazy. Like when you used to see Brandon Miller when he was in college, you'd be like yeah, yeah he is cold. Yeah. How y'all feel about Ace Bailey and Harper like being top 10 picks But Rucker was terrible this year. It's deep in the red bro. They gonna, it's time it, we was preparing for the NBA bro. I get it. But like y'all gotta have some type of effect on winning bro. Y'all supposed to be this good. We've been spending them all year bro. We getting out the hood bro.


Yeah Bro. It is open jail Man. Nah they should. They should let effect. They should let them in the tournament for G. They sad. They Carolina play shoulda. You can't put young dudes like that around some y'all team was ass last year. Yeah. So you can't just be like oh we about to bring in two dudes that, I ain't saying they had to be the best team but they coulda been cool. 15 to 17 is crazy. Yeah but you got, you gotta think y'all gotta bring some, it gotta be somebody else there that's like Go get a couple 24 year olds. Yeah. That been around away. True. They gave all Money strong. I was gonna say they took off N Don't matter bro. They had no bread Bro. That's what I'm saying.


Gimme some vets around bro. I need a little hell. That's why I was, if I was a college coach, I would never take this route. Mm. Because my job is up like nobody's gonna Rutgers next year. Yeah, it is dead. Yeah, it's over. It's over. So now you, you had your one year shine and it was terrible so you about to be fired. So y'all take the Patino method bro. Go get the older guys bro. Shout, talk to Rick. Mix 'em in though. I would just mix 'em in. That's what I would do. I wouldn't go get seven freshmen For what? I Get one. I get, I get one. I'd get one code. Them missed two quality ones though. I I know. I'm just saying they couldn't bro. They gimme a Positive record bro. It is a 30-year-old white boy with a burner in the portal. I'm going to get it.


I'm going to get It though. I get two I I get one or two freshmen. I get one super cold freshman and I get one that was like number 40 in the country or something. Yeah you gonna be the one that's good. Yeah and then I get all old dudes that was on their way out not making it to the league but was gonna be good overseas and offer him. Yeah bro more money than overseas contracts. Og motherfuckers like Greg Pollis like that. I'm bringing them type of vets bro to the school. That's how college is now. Jim Behan getting on them over age guards. Yeah For real. Gotta get you a scoop. Jardine like hey come on bro. Nobody know how old Scoop Jardine was Bro. But Jeff is right though about that coach bro. You put yourself in a bond. He put himself in a bond.


He dumb it. Get wicked for sure. Super Chad Myo Mike 23 s Jeff and Mook, which I ever considered coaching college basketball. Definitely. Okay. Definitely shout out to Luke. That's hard. Miami, that's Fire Elite. Yeah. That's dope. Shit. Shout flip the boots of twins down to Miami bro. Go ahead. Make it happen. That ain't happen. I can see it though but it probably gonna happen. Yeah, that daddy, That daddy too bro. He's Duke to the cool. We was talking to him on the bus Always talking the Sprinter. Yeah we oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. The spray face about that. Yeah He's not playing at all. He said Duke for sure check a bag. Entertainment LLC boy you scamming already as do college kids pay taxes on the a IL money. Most definitely everybody, everybody pay taxes.


You don't pay taxes, you gonna jail. Yeah, for sure man. All man. Let's get to the NBA. Some couple dope games over the weekend for sure. The Thunder took care of the Bucks yesterday. 1 21 and 1 0 5 31 from SGA yesterday he went crazy ate rebounds as well. Isaiah Hartstein Hooped out with 24, 12 and three. Younis had a triple double with 2112 and 10 and Dame had 19. The Thunder man they been locking up in the, in the second half of game is more importantly the fourth quarter. Man, is this a good enough defense to get him a championship y'all? Yep. Okay. I don't know about Giannis and the Bucks. I don't, the way they're playing right now, I'm not a fan of I Dam is really struggling right now. He's gonna have some tough games.


We just gotta figure out the matchups in the playoffs for the Thunder. Okay, why? Why you think Dame can't figure it out in Milwaukee? I mean I think he's, he's having a hell of a year but even like last year it ain't, he playing good. He gonna play good but it ain't the same bro. I mean fluid as it ain't look like the team's not, it is not built around him. It's built around Giannis. So his, the way he play, like I said the other day, it don't look the same, it don't feel the same pause but he's still effective of course. But it's just hard to play when you got a, You know they used, he used to come off pin down screen ball screens.


He had another good dynamic guard with him that he could play off sometimes and he don't got that right now. Like Yeah he don't got nobody else he can play off of. He try to play off Giannis but it's different. Yeah. Yeah. Like when you play off another guard we can create shots and create open shots for you. It's just different. Even that Patriot game Saturday, that's probably his best game he's had in the last week or so. He killed when Giannis was on the bench and it was just like when they stagger their minutes like that it's cool but then you have to rely on the role players and sometimes they don't always be solid for them. Yeah. Like if he played more with KPJ 'cause he can create and he can do some stuff. He, he like a big point guard. It probably look a little different for Giannis and I'm, I mean for Dame and I'm sure he liked playing with him 'cause I've watched the game where they was in, I think KPJ had a triple double and they was playing together and it look kind of like, not Damon cj but you can get that little feeling a little bit.


Yeah. And that's where he need another dynamic guard with him. Lay him free up and play the two sometimes open the floor up for him a little Bit. How far do you think the Thunder can go? I think they can make a final run. I don't think they can win it 'cause I don't think they can beat Boston but I think they can go to the finals. They got a real superstar so. And then everybody else fall in line with how they supposed to. Yeah they role players be playing out of body for show now on nba.com MVP ladder. They done put yo set of ahead of SGA. How we feel about that? I think they should just give it to SGA bro that's just hating but okay yo is just having a great year. But it's the matchup stuff we talking about. Can they make it to the road to the finals? Go back to the standards of the Thunder have to play.


Just say the Warriors fuck up and they gotta run into the Warriors. That's tough. I don't know about the Thunder beating. That's tough bro. Yes that's what minga back that is tough. And then it's still questionable with like the timber Wolves because they playing great right now. Yeah I think the Lakers gonna give somebody trouble. Of course they got two, two dynamic players. Lakers will be the Grizzlies. Yeah, yeah, yeah. If it started today. But if it starts today and the Clippers, that's some crazy matchups. The Thunder and the Clippers. I'm gonna take the Thunder like that's a easy, I think they could sw the Clippers. Hmm. They running the Golden State. That is. That is the But if they gotta play Golden State, I don't like the Thunder.


Yeah I don't like 'em. That experience going it's gonna come out. That's What I said too. That's so scary. Me and Jimmy Butler made them a whole different team bro. Yeah I don't like it. They gotta run to the Warriors. Yeah, like you said Minga coming back. That's come on bro. And you got SGA league nvp but that's, that's ELL Warriors The damn near scare now. For real Too. Come on bro. Dre my back on his bullshit. You seen him with Kat? Yeah they a different team for sure. Yeah I know Get Well Soon to the Bucks but the Lakers snap a four game losing streak yesterday with a win 1 0 7 and 96 against the sons. Luca went crazy yesterday 33 11 and eight. Officer Reeds bounced back finally with 28 and six. KD had 21 and nine and Book had 19 and 11. Man Jackson Hayes said that the best PG in the NBA How y'all feel about that statement?


He's his teammate Supposed to supposed to say Hey what else you gonna say? He about to get me paid literally him about to Jackson Hayes. He's on his way out. Most definitely. He about to get a bag. Jackson Hayes about to get 8 million a year. Yeah. Celebrate him everywhere you can can. But That also ain't a crazy thing to say. It is Luca. Yeah it's Luca Dons. Yeah. Nah we ain't, ain't nothing wrong but I'm gonna say it every day It come it is different coming from Jackson South Show Bob For sure. Yeah this son's team, I'm tired of talking about them. They have been trashed all season. Everybody's wanting to bounce back. It hasn't happened. Yeah That show Bradley Bill dancing on the sideline so Yeah he don't care bro. Go. He had four points, he Was wilder bro.


You got a Trey, you never gonna be a Trey Bradley. Bill. You already told y'all I'm crazy. I'm not leaving, I'm not leaving so go KD gotta go. But I wouldn't give up my team for KD. Not saying KD ain't great. We know he cold but y'all don't have a choice. I'm not giving up my team. I can't. He on his way out bro. It ain't even that like y'all suck. I know y'all don't wanna keep him. Y'all don't wanna keep paying all this money. Ain't no Leverage. Terrible. Yeah like and don't let him get to a point to where he say all I'm out then y'all really gonna be screwed. Yeah, they said give Che up for him. What y'all do that? No, I was like no I give him three first round picks and do be here.


Oh no I I'll say hell no. They know I, I don't, I don't like all this trading stuff. I let them do that but I, I don't really rock with all the Trades bro. I give up three first round picks and one of them young players but it wouldn't be Chet, Jalen or Shay can't do it. Yeah you got or Lou Dork. You can't even get Lou Dork. Yeah you can't get Lou Dort either. He a big piece for you. Yeah, you can't get Hartenstein. You can't get none of them because dude, you can't get nobody bro. I got Aaron Wiggins three in the second. That ain't what y'all said at first though. I know, but now the price is going down. Y DJ didn't say I've always, I not but when I made my picture trade package it was outta pocket Dj. DJ was SL shit to, to feed.


I say if that's what we gotta do, hell nah. If that's what we gotta do, I Ain't going bro. I would love Katie over there but not for shit. But bro I think that the Minnesota Timber Wolves can trade Randolph what's his name? R Julius Rand. Julius. He boy Randolph, he Julius Rph for real. Julius Randall and like Okay I'm sure you forgot his name. I'm Tired if, if I to, hey I, I know I gotta make a deal but don't call me about Randall my nigga. No that's Better. That's your Better option. I'm not trading KD for Jewish Randall. What for the million. You gonna get a first round. You about to put Julius Randall with Devin Booker and think he about to get better.


You need to get something. You not getting anything. You gotta get something bro. Y'all losing we get K His over but y'all gonna have to pay him. Who? The sons are gonna have to pay him. They paying KD already. You don not to pay Julius rent as much as you paying Kevin Durant. Yeah. You Think they give a fuck about some money at this point? Oh well shit, fuck it. They just trying make the, what I'm saying is they ain't about to pay Julius re how much they paying Kevin Durant. That's a fact. So you cantre him make the pieces work and then Minnesota can get Kevin Durant. Yeah you can go get Rudy Gobert for him. I know they so mad they gave Brad that money boy. Oh they Sick. I mean went and got him bro. They are Sick. He was hitting a John Wall going to the bench.


I said yeah, he out of pocket. He played terrible tonight. Shout out to Brad Beal goat. Hey what dog? The crown is always yours for sure.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the EBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus Best instantly. Take us to the record DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


Hi, I'm Matt. And I'm Leah. And we're from the Grownup Stuff Podcast In just in time for tax season. On this week's episode, we're chatting with CPA Lisa Green Lewis about how small businesses can tackle their taxes using TurboTax business. A Forbes study mentioned that a whopping 93% of small businesses overpay their taxes and 17% of Gen Zers believed that you could write off any expense as a business expense. So can't blame them. It's really important to do your taxes right. Listen to Grownup Stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your favorite podcasts. Grownup Stuff.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad We can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for store-wide deals and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags thrown on eligible beverage items from San Pellegrino and Pepsi. Or breakfast favorites like Chobani, Greek yogurt, Danon, Oios yogurt and Pete's coffee. Plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Hi, this is Debbie your blinds.com design consultant. Oh Wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help you with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to I've got a complicated project.


No problem. We make the complex simple and I can even help schedule a professional measure and install. I didn't realize you did that. Yeah. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not With blinds.com We're on your schedule and there's no haggling, no pressure, no hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Oh, Okay. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and save up to 45%.


Sitewide rules and restrictions may apply. Alright, super chat RS two T in game three of the 2015 Easter conference finals. TG Brian both sat on the court after final buzzer. What did that moment felt like? I lost, I don't know. I I think I had 30 that game. I don't know. I thought we was supposed to win. Damn. Yeah. All right. Hell of a question. The magic snap, the cast franchise record 16 straight wins yesterday 1 0 8 to 1 0 3 P five of crazy 24 11 and seven F Fry sw out as well with 22 8. Donovan Mitchell had 23 and six and Darius Garland had 19 and six.


Man, if this could be a potential first round matchup, this would be entertaining. I still think the casts win, but based off last year's, I think this would be a a decent first round series for sure. Magic just got killed by injuries this year. That's a bad matchup for the Cavaliers. Mm They got all those big wings and that's where the Cavaliers struggle. They don't have big wings. They got Deandre Hunter but they come off the bench with man a Coro, Andrus, stru, whatever his name is. Stru. All those dudes are smaller. P five and them are six 10. Yeah, Frans is six 10. These are some big old wings. These is like Power fours. Really? These niggas are eighth and the Mike. Can you go back to the standings? Just a bad matchup.


The east is man 32. East is trash. Go to the West. Trash Is the cabs really this good Man? Or Is this a fluke? Like not a fluke but like is it not? It's full gold bro. They just be whooping shit bro. I can't even, I don't even know what to say. They just, they the playoffs and they not gonna be like that. I think them good D Hunt helped that team though. Yo they that's a good team y'all. Yeah, I think they got a good team. I'm just saying I think it's a bad matchup. Nah, it is. They beat, they'll beat the matchup the magic. They'll beat 'em. But it's just like it is one of them, like I said earlier, all they serious is gonna go six or seven games and it's like be Boston. Celtics gonna go five five sweeps something, sweeps all this.


And so he finally gonna meet up with him. Y'all done played an extra eight games. Yeah. And it's like damn. Nah that's a fact. And my wear and tear. Mike, You know that's a you donvan Mitchell, he misses a lot of playoff games like, You know what I mean? He missed playoff games. So the more games he play. Yep. More questions. You know I got now what's their ranking above also right now if you don't mind me asking. 'cause I wanna see how me games, they could have to possibly smoke if they need to. Which you got seven basically. Eight. Ah yeah. So he could possibly rest out some towards the end of season. Yeah, but I'm talking About it don't matter once you get into the playoffs, shit you gotta play six or seven.


Right. Give you enough cushion bro. If I give you enough cushion the regular season bro to be healthy for you saying that happened last year when they played him And you got hurt or whatever year that was. It was last year, right? Yeah. You got hurt so that, that, that makes a difference bro. Going six or seven Every round and every, most definitely motherfuckers I meet in the finale play everybody four times. Yeah. And they get to rest the whole week before playing us all. They chilling at the crib too. No travel. Yeah. That make a difference bro. For sure man. Shout to the magic getting that dub yesterday because we'll see if they go 1 1 8 is Magic verse Cash. They win that. They gonna play the four or five matchup which will be Bucks or Pacers. That's gonna be, that's gonna be a six series.


That's another six seven game series. Especially if they play the Bucks shit. They'll sweep the Pacers. They might get a four, A four A game. You know I'll gladly take your money. I need some new shoes. They might, they might dust them. They Ain't gonna sweep shit. They'll beat the Pacers. They beat, they sweep us All Six. They might four win the pace going at six. See you Look at the pros. Yeah. 4 0 1 Now you on Pro. Ain't that some shit Lead on the guys, The Bucks might be a tougher matchup just 'cause Gianni's alone. But yeah I mean Yeah man I don't, I don't see the Patriots beating the Bucks.


That's Crazy. If you just, if you've watched the last two Pacers Bucks games, You know that those games could really go either way 'cause we both played crack head basketball. Yeah I just think Dam and them gonna turn Up. I was gonna say the the Bucks just got better players bro. They do. They have two superstars Y Dam bro. They just better. Well we play them really, really well though. That's why it'd be evening out all for whatever reason we be having that number with You know how to play. Y'alls coming down to these last couple little possessions. Yep. They got better players bro. I remember last year Mo, it came out to us winning. Shout to the Pacers. I'm I'm rolling that whole team. Rolling these was You know Rich Respect. Hey I'm just talking about what happened bro. Glory, Glory Road coach got some shit. Speaking of the T Woods man Abe straight win yesterday against the jazz 1 28 to 1 0 2.


Belt to ass situation for sure. 41 from ae. He went crazy yesterday man. Yeah 41 and only two rebounds. I love them stats. Yeah Bro, no assist straight Buckets. For sure. For sure. That I mean we still sad, You know what I'm saying but we holding it down man. I'm just glad to see my boy back positive and out of the media talking crazy about his teammates. For real. Like just who you feel me? And get the job done. So A wins is good for the, for the team. Come on man. The rough for show. He moving us a third all time scoring for the franchise. 8,000 And you passed me. Who? He already passed Me he third? Yeah. Already? Yes sir. K You got 19 K? Yeah K got 13 K.


That's damn A little Nigga. I third in franchise. They been at League four years. Damn I just got here Mo. Damn. Yeah the timber of Lineage is filthy. Damn. He passed me that fast. Nare is 11 do Nare 11. For real? Yes bro. Damn. How long your league nigga? I wasn't there long enough. I'm on there nigga. I was on there for half a season. 47. Hey they late these years. Oh Rash Rasha kids got you. T it's quiet. He was there longer than me. It's quiet. He he was in the league four years.


That's Why he be talking shit bro. He on the list bro. He don't care. I played two and a half Years nigga. My nigga Taj is top 50. You can't tell him nothing. Top 50 in franchise history bro. This nigga played in the NBA didn't even know he was on the list. Damn. Damn. Hold on man. Where is Terrell Brandon? Where the real hoopers at bro? You gotta scroll up. Mike Beasley over Trell free. Well Sam Cael Come on. Hold On. Delo got alright. 20 Points in Minnesota. Damn. Nah See there four years. Damn. Pool is 17 Ridge. Damn. Damn. McDaniels is at 18 already.


Shout out to Paul Richon. You used to get buckets. Damn. Shout to Isaiah. Re my boy Gorgie. Damn. Isaiah Rods getting buckets. Gorgie on there. That's yeah, Three years was respectful. Three Years that they're that long. He got 4,000 points. Oh don't start. Nah I'm just saying for real a minute though. Seven years his Year there his whole career. Damn near seven Years. You only got four bands. I swear to God I don't remember. Later been there. He passed Ricky Rubio already bro. And Isaiah brought Tom Go nigga these is all old NBA live names. That's crazy. Sam Mitchell, you was there for 10 years, only got 7,000 And I'm top five. Fuck you T top five. No, no, nah it's a hate but that's different week bro.


You ain't got you different kind of weak. What? I'm sorry y'all, I be getting off track but I, that was just weird that he was number three already. The Tim Wars been in the league for so long bro. That's crazy. That is Crazy. Andrew Wickers right there at four. I passed up. Everybody that done played in this motherfucker and I just got drafted a couple years ago. But look at the discrepancy for three shot a thousand threes. Damn Cash out 9 75. Fuck it. Damn you getting them threes up. Pause. Wow, Okay we could move all my faults. That's crazy bro. Damn I made the list. That's crazy. I know where I'm at Hawks and I might go to the Hawks. Let's see if I make the Hawks list, I probably make that one. Yeah since We hear I guess.


Damn Dominique Wilkins boy. 23,000 is crazy. He's getting to it. On my mama, that's a nigga. I'm on that Motherfucker. You talk top 20. That's respectful ain't right. I feel like I buddy Sam Mitchell. I did. I was like eight years. Hey Doc River got you out here in Atlanta bro. Doc, I mean Doc Play. You let a nigga named Zemo kill you. Nigga named Zemo. Beatie. That nigga Wayne Coder haw the team Zel. Hey Z. When was he on his squad?


He was a sinner nigga at six nine. It well he was born at 1939. That's why he ain't got no shit. Ain't real Beat man. You still alive and kicking it man. He's not, he clocked out. You know 30. You know what's messed up My first two years don't count man. Ain't get to play. That's true though. That's true. That's I had at least 8,000 points. I respect that. They get Trey young Damn. Hey whoever the hell John Drew is. That nigga was hooping. Yeah he getting into it. 12,008 years. That boy is going crazy. What year he play? Mike Don't count.


Born in 54. 74. That's Solid. He count. He count. He count. Yeah he count he was killing. Yeah We respecting legends a little bit on here. Damn, that's crazy. He probably out told some kid whites to kill. Be like Nigga, I don't know who you are. He I'm Gonna Selma, Beatie jersey. I need it. Joe Johnson got nine man he got a thousand points of a year. Okay. He was killed Smith. He was getting to it. Josh killed. Damn. Josh got more than Joe in Atlanta. Nah nah he is right there. Seven. Oh damn. That's a Eddie. I'm looking at Eddie Johnson my fault. Damn Joe. I fought disrespect, shit. You did that in seven years. My bad boy. Who? Who? Mookie. Blacklock was hooping.


Yeah. Damn. Damn. There we go. Sure man. Shout out to the lens of the Hawks. Alright. Big game of night. Wanna see Hey I feel about the nuggets at Warriors. Who get in the dub. I like the Warriors. At The Warriors. Yeah. No I take the Warriors. Yeah I'll take, I'm gonna take nuggets. Taking nuggets just for shits. Okay. Alright. Couple games last night we get through the 76 beat the mask. One 30 to 1 25. Quentin Grimes at 28. Quinn Grimes is my start two. It's all, yeah next year. Quinn Grimes starting at two. Remove pg. So you're starting Quinn Grimes and it don't matter. Tyrese Maxey. Yep. That's my back. So what did do with Jerry McCain come off the bench? Six man.


Damn your life away. Yep. Oh I ain't mad t from that. I like that. Gros is nice bro. Nah ain't guard bro. He done proved hisself. Yeah, the map is outta pocket portray dude. Yeah like that. Yeah that's crazy for sure. Nest beat the Hawks yesterday. 1 22 to one 14. I don't know what we doing. We we trying to get out the playoff first or something. Come on. You know the vibes Cam Johnson had 28 yesterday. I wonder if he'll be on a different team next year. Remember he was at high asking Price. Yeah but nah, he probably won't. Nobody trading for that. Okay. They beat the rappers yesterday. 1 0 5, 1 0 2 every from the time he's had 22. Big boy favorite man. Yeah he be hooping. Yeah Avi, that boy be going crazy.


I I, I'm rocking with him. I ain't think he was good when he was the Wizards but as I watch him with Portland bro, he, he a solid player. Yeah man. Obviously watching it do that to you for sure the Clippers beat the sleeves off the hundred yesterday. 1 23 to 88. Tell you always say he gonna score a hundred. They ain't score 90 yesterday. Yeah You know what they are but it that Hornets though. James Harden hoop out yesterday 31, 10 and seven. Kawhi had 23 as well. Some more games tonight. I wanna see how y'all feel about 'em. Heat at Knicks. Like the Knicks. I'm taking the Knicks. The Nicks need these games but Ja than Bruss now they better win this game. Yeah, I take the Knicks 76ers at Rockets. Rockets. Rockets, Pacers at t Wol. T Wolves. T Wolves. Fuck y'all Pacers. Pistons at Pelicans. Pelicans.


Damn Pistons. Gimme a Pistons. I'm taking the PEs because Zion been hooping. Shout to Trey Murph dog. I'm gonna take Pelicans as well. I bulls at Jazz. Tuby. Yeah. Go out to eat. Yeah. Nuggets at Warriors. He said Warriors. Warriors. Okay. Warriors. I got nuggets though. Raptors at Sons. Sons go to the movies. Raptors. Raptors bro. It's quiet. They gotta get my boy Bud some help out there man. Bradley. Bill take Bradley bill for 30 points. Yeah, Him but him telling him, telling that Booker hey the huddles just showed up a little bit. It's crazy. I fuck Rock out bro. Chill out. That's Bud Bud. Don't give a damn about that bro. I just gave him some more money.


Put some shit on his boat. Shout out to Coach Bud. Grizzly's at Kings Grizz. Kings. Oh okay. Grizzlies. I'm gonna go Grizzlies Wizards at Blazers. Blazers. Blazers. Yeah. We're going to sleep Spurs at Lakers. Lakers. Lakers, Lakers. Yeah for sure. Hi, I'm Matt. And I'm Leah and we're from the Grownup Stuff Podcast. And just in time for tax season on this Week's episode, we're chatting with CPA Lisa Green Lewis about how small businesses can tackle their taxes using TurboTax business. A Forbes study mentioned that a whopping 93% of small businesses overpay their taxes and 17% of Gen Zers believed that you could write off any expense as a business expense.


So can't blame them. It's really important to do your taxes right. Listen to Grownup Stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your favorite podcasts. Grownup Stuff. PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something.


Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a


pool. Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible cleaning items from Charmin, tide and Downey and Dinner Essentials from stofer, Deno, Arby's, and biolife plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Hi, this is Debbie your blinds.com design consultant. Oh Wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help you with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to Well, mm. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple and I can even help schedule a professional measure and install. I didn't realize you did that. Yeah. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling, no pressure, no hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Oh, okay. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming Up. blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and save up to 45%. Sitewide rules and restrictions may apply.


Alright. Verify bucks. Be here. Who's getting to it this weekend? I'm giving it to Ant Man. 41 2 and two Man, that's a Triple J stat line. I'm rocking a game ruin streak for the game. So you go to an Edwards. My favorite tweet of the week they was talking about all started being worst rebounded big in NBA. They was like you have never seen Triple J before. Nah for sure. He definitely number one All Allstar for sure. Nacho, who you got? I'm gonna go with Luca 33, 11 and eight. Okay. Muca. You got Luca? Shit, I like James Harden. Okay. 30 he one ten seven and I'm going with the agent of Chase and t Higgins, Rocky Arsenal getting that bag yesterday.


They both got super paid yesterday man. Oh they paid T Higgins? They paid both of them. He only got two years Guaranteed though. Yeah, but Who T Higgins? Yeah. Damn. But Jamar Chase though. But he got Paid though. What they get paid though? What's the One 15 for? Higgins and Jamar. Chase got like one 50 something. Who? Damn. Hell yeah. That's fire breaded in Cincinnati too? Yeah, they on half the city. Oh Yeah? Yeah. That's love. I'm glad they got paid though for sure. I know T was a little nervous. Yeah, they franchise him mcg Miguel. But I'm gonna tell you right now, I don't know what they gonna do for defense wise 'cause they are all their money is in three players right now. Yeah. Fuck it. That's the only people that play anyway bro. You Got nigga throw that ball.


Hey say hey make sure you shot my niggas bro. Yeah, he gotta get that old line sharpened up a little bit. Shit they don't have no money to sharpen up. Shit to Figure it out. Be Shado Sanders bro. It is Any given Sunday bro. Be Shado For sure. We got a question from Super Chat Mike. Okay cool. Alright. Get Well Soon will be here. Who need some encouragement? Y'all know who it is. He he make this motherfucker every week. Walker Kessler First team all Get Well Soon man. Yeah I treat him like Jave McGee but I'm not doing that. He treating himself like this. I know. Hey And what does Jeff always say be him. He's a shot blocker. He is. Show me some lights of hell blocking some shit Bro.


I swear y'all better go on NBA right now and go find Walker Kessler block highlights please. Y'all not gonna do him like that. Anybody who made a block of Disgusting is Mike and Malcolm Fonda. He would be my verified bucket tomorrow. I swear. God. I swear To God go Lord. Was that him again? No, that's John Col apparently. Hey don't give a fuck about the jazz. Oh my Lord. That's one of the worst jokes ever that made that shoe go insane too. My own man, fuck Out the way. We don't discriminate man. Any color can get it man. I'm the can man. T who you got? It's crazy Pine Walker. Kessler highlights because Y got him messed up bro. Y'all not gonna do that to him?


We not, no, We're not trying to turn it into the show Bud. Yeah you are bro. Go to YouTube right now and type in Walker Kessler blocks bro. Whoa, that's disgusting. Go ahead dj. We but it is. That is fucking disgusting. No, I'm interested now. Real soon. You have nothing. Look at the two hand blocks. Look how blurry it is. That shit was on vhs. He just played his daddy made that with his phone Bro. Lemme record my son. I'm tired his shit. Look, get that shit outta here. Come on man. Who is this All? Oh, get the fuck enough. Enough enough. Man. Who was controlling the, I say his blocks, he Look like the nigga from Rocky.


I can him look at this, get that shit outta here. Oh my god. Man that nigga ain't even in the league no more This year. It was last week. Yeah. Show Walker cancel highlights bro. I'm tired y'all doing that. There's a reason people was trying to trade him at the deadline. He a quality player man. He is a quality big but bro he got this, this program two free, I swear to God he get dunked on every week bro. Get that shit outta here. Come on. Two blocks of one possession. Y'all crazy. Come on man. Get the outta here. Come on man. Gimme Isaiah Hill man. Gimme Isaiah Hill man. Gimme my, gimme my little nigga man.


Shout out to oh, shout out to Isaiah Mike West. Go to Tim Haraway Jr. Man. What did he do? He he got wicked Ah bow. Oh fuck off me. Ah shit. Hey daddy about to hate him too. Yeah, His daddy was saying some wow shit on Gilbert show. Yeah, he said he gonna throw that ass on Gil. I said That shit was crazy. I said them old niggas be out of pocket man. Tell him why you don't like Tyrese. Tim. Fuck off me. Jeff be talking about how smooth that nigga gave. Bitch boy that nigga don't sweat boy. It don't Sweat bro. Look at it. He doing That's a dribbling drill. Go back to the highlight. That's a, he did a cone drill between the legs.


Between the legs. Look they made him fall. Go to the cone. Go to the cone Between the legs. Between the legs. Wow. Pull back, get to the cone, step back sweet boy. His trailer got that clipped up right now. Look at it. We work on that. Get to the first column to son to start the au team. Boom punch dribble. Oh fuck. Off me a lil baby. What's worse that one or Kyrie boy? Cole Kyrie Wood? Nah, Kyrie the him and Dion waiters back and forth with Tim partway Jr. Oh I don't even remember. Oh that shit was classic though. Yeah, crazy. I just remember they was hitting shot for shot. Yeah they went back forth for shot. Yeah. Always Made him fall though. His as shot Dion words. Man Championship cheese last not least. Let's go to the man. Deb Brody was roasting during the game man.


He told that nigga your train fight. I'm glad he got a comeback though. The show dude faces though. Please. All day they oh dang the dude face bro. He start making duck licks in the pictures and shit bro. Shout to Brody. How much dude he see cost. Right bro. Yeah. Brody gotta start crashing up bro. Bro. He sick of These Niggas leave me alone. Yeah, I swear to God I'm crashing now I start just stunting on boys. I mean You know what, I'm buying a RAF today. Yeah I'm going crazy. Yeah, I'm just gonna go wild. You know there people. I hate that nigga. Fuck it. Y'all hate me anyway. Shit. Y'all talking shit. Melo got a champion. Show him how to do it. I want Brian Hist base. Hey y'all broke. They nah, we won through forever.


Y'all niggas broke. I got a question. I got a B How y'all, how y'all feel about Meows son? Melo talking about his son not making McDonald's game. Wasn't he injured for a lot of the year? I don't know. He would. Yeah I think that may be a part of it but I mean if he's the number one player in New York, like they said that he should have been. If if Brian's son made it, Melos son should have made it. I wanted to see if that's what y'all thought. I ain ain't Mad at it. Yeah that's a landslide for me. You know how I feel about Cayenne like a real great lay bloomer. Yeah he can really hoop. He can hoop. Yeah. So I don't know. Do y'all think it's disrespectful to Carmelo that he ain't make it? Yeah most definitely. We we Don't. That's how he got treated. You don't Hold weight like that basically is what they saying. Mm. So you think they look at Melo different than they look at Bro obviously but They did in the league shit I don't see why but they do because Kyan is better than Bronny.


Yeah But You know what that, I mean obviously you don't wanna get lighted in no situation but that might be his, he might fucking wanna go kill Syracuse next year just off that strip. Every little s thing though. I ain't gonna lie. He he That's a bad, that's a bad team. Nah, ain't bad. Ain't bad. They are 'cause he ain't, he ain't getting blessed like his dad was nine. He don't got a hot keen work walking through there. Jerry Mc. Yeah Melo six nine. He gonna make a difference. His son six five. It is just different though like the the players like bro said it ain't the same. Yeah He going into a bad situation. Me Mellow didn't play against a 30-year-old sophomore. It is different But I think Cayenne, I think Cayenne is good. I think his son is really, really good.


I was just like disappointed that he didn't make the game because I was like, Especially in a big city like Damn it's off the strength like playing in New York off the strength. My dad meow. Yeah he's good bro. Yeah, very capable for sure. Yeah. Yeah. I've like damn bro, if I'm mellow I feel like a little disrespectful. Yeah y'all I know he don't want him to make the game off his name. Yeah but show some love. Yeah Bro. Yeah they all aim for that. I'm a legend bro. Yeah, show some love we talking about and my son. Nice. Good. Like if he was like no offense but like I don't know somebody's son that was like a lay bloomer, didn't really had no love like that. Yeah. Then I get and after shrimp be showing like former players love that ain't nowhere Close resume as Carmelo Anthony, if you're gonna do that, keep it across the board for sure. Yeah. Come on man.


Alright man. Hey listen, this week pull up. We are NYC Charlotte. I got Marcus from Fuel by Coach Sports Man we got a crazy, crazy lineup for a live show this week in New York on Thursday we got Chris Johnson, Paul being Cardi, we got Dennis Page and last but certain lot least we got Master P Man. Thursday Pull up League is in the bio. We will be at NYC. Slide down all those Also we got a dope episode of Club five 20. Dropping today at 12:00 PM in tap in before we outta here be here. You got a parlay? They trying to make some bread today. Oh Yeah, man. Tyler Hero 20, Anthony Edwards, 25 Tar Easton 15, Zion 20. Colin Sexton 15, Stephan Curry 30. DeMar Rosen 2250 when you, 22,000 a day.


Aint that? And you here at two 50 when you 22,000 a day. Come on. I'm play it too. Come on man. Draft Kings the Crown is yours. Not sure We appreciate y'all. We'll be back same time tomorrow morning. It's five 20 in the Morning. The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't want to miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond. Hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for store wide deals and earn four times the points, but for in-store tags to earn on eligible cleaning items from Charmin, tide and Downey and Dinner Essentials from Stouffers, di Journo, Arby's, and VI Life plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards to save even more restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh. Never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.