
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


The volume.


Good morning, happy Thursday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show brought to you by Boost Mobile. You know the vibes. Everybody pulled up for work this morning. We got mooc, we got T, we got Bishop fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What up Bro? What's Up bro? Yeah, chilling. Been waiting for this all basketball season baby game tonight day. Yeah. Tonight's the night game one. The NBA finals Indiana Pacers take on Oklahoma City Thunder Live and OKC tonight. It's been a hell of a year man. But we finally here man. How we feeling? I know Bishop, one of your eighteens made it. I know you feeling good. You hit the lottery a couple times this year. Oh man, I I was three for four in the final four so I mean we're gonna probably win by 20 tonight. Oh okay. We gonna get to predictions. See I ain't even gonna start there. We gonna start with some positive vibes. I want to ask y'all this question. That's crazy. Yeah, we don't like the negativity In The Morning. I got, I got this fit on. We ain't losing while I wear this fit I been, You know what I'm saying? These in the SB fours be getting us all W so we better not lose tonight because I'm gonna burn this shit. But hey, before we even get to the finals, I've been seeing a lot of, You know what I'm saying, trade rumors. I wanted to ask both of y'all this in particular, you think with a second apron affected salary cap so much that teams are just like going two or three year all in and then just swapping everything out. So I've seen Jalen Brown reportedly on the trading block saying that Antonio's definitely interested. It's a lot of key pieces that normally would be like cornerstones or franchises that are rumored to be moved around this summer. It's The of shit bro. Mm. Ain't trying to pay all that money bro. Get you for a couple years, get everything we can get y'all move on. Yeah that tax gonna be crazy for some of them teams though. So like you said that second April I'm cool on paying that much money in tax and obviously your window probably shrunk like you was gonna be a, I mean y'all was gonna be a championship contender, y'all got a championship and plus for Boston they got a whole new ownership group. Yeah. So maybe they definitely might not be trying to spend that much money on the team. Especially with JT getting hurt. Most definitely. Look at it be here like last year in both the teams in conference finals, You know what I'm saying? Probably gonna be this Medalled one already is second rumor to be man it is really about what you can do this year or maybe next year 'cause we ain't even seen it next year from the teams from conference finals. Oh Yeah. But I mean it is what it is bro. I think everybody should just stay where they at B They don't like that moving around shit N bro. It's a money thing. This Is real bro. It ain't about the teams or nothing. Chemistry. It's a money thing bro. They boys Is getting too much money now bro. Yeah and the tax is too high. A lot of people up for a lot of crazy deals bro. They like nah I can't, we can't afford this man. The supermax is gonna be basically what, half a half a billion? Yeah. What you make RNBA making money is the owner's G is like 3 85 aint. Yeah so you keep going by the time we be time to get paid bro. Who the highest paid player? The N NBA A right now? Brown, Jason Tatu, Jason Tatum, Jason be Shay. Yep. Damn. 3 85 is a lot. That's A Lot of, all that shit is a lot but damn 3 85 is wild. And You know what's crazy? I know to regular people like myself and average fans, you be like that's a lot of fucking money. But when you really look at it, it is just a portion. Nah for sure the salary cap should go up. I mean like all these things should increase 'cause these owners is getting crazy money off this bro. They are paying salaries. If you could pay somebody 300 million, just imagine what you making. Exactly. And that's just one person. That's just one person. I got a whole organization, I got a whole salary. We are fighting. Fighting a good fight while we record today. Shout out to the game.


I wanted to kill that fly. That's a fly. You acting like that news reporter Got me out here. This for real bro. Hey I always think about him and that one passer who was getting interviewed he said back up both. We back throw much. Here we go. Now we now we In The Morning we would get a little technical talk about the money. Yeah. Talking about that Mulah. Oh we can go through these Contracts. Yeah I want, okay so Jalen Brown is up there? No remember he set the market year before they won. Yeah. And then JT set the market after they won. But boy them salaries is crazy. Boy, shout to Jason Tatu. That's a lot of money man. I'm happy for all these young fellas man.


All these young guys getting all this money. Look at Trey Young right there Mad at Scotty Barnes. Scotty Barn is getting that paper. I wasn't never mad. Congratulations brother. Hey look at him 22. It is him Fran. Hey Fran Getting a bag too. Don't sleep. Yeah, get that money bro. Yeah. Hey Tyree signed that check. Y'all remember he was at the pool with his shit. Yeah And You know what? He has done everything to fulfill that contract. I don't care if Tyrese don't do shit for the next four years if fulfill every time the contract shout to the bro that Is tight that day. That young getting that type of chicken. Yeah 'cause I couldn't imagine man being Trey Young in Atlanta. I'm glad they like got families and shit and like they really good people. 'cause what about 26?


I was about 26 in Atlanta with 300 million crash out on the way or even like 27 if I was bam out of Bayou making that much money in Miami. I'm glad they just like real humble and grounded people. I mean I'd probably be doing the same stuff 'cause you care about Ball but Stefan Diggs me what? 2.0 That's easy You Think you Think you could dated a celebrity girl though? No, no, no. I'm talking about you. About the party bro. Yeah, the life vibes. The three you gonna find somebody, three of them calling me Daddy Paul like yeah Call Me daddy. Say my name. Say my name. That's crazy. And Destiny Child for sure.


No cater to you. Yes, cater to me. I want all three flavors too. Oh my god. Big Z. Okay sure. All right man, we in the super chair early with it. What they on? Alright, Mike Jones, who that's funny. Which I think about. No Lyes going on a podcast again complaining about not getting a shoe deal from Adidas. Nobody's trying to wear a no Lyes shoe. It is a very simple answer. You can be the greatest track star of all time. You are not Michael Johnson bro. He Be trying too hard bro. You chill bro. You a fire athlete bro. That's a fact though Mike. You writing that up there You only see him once every four years like and you annoying. Yeah when we do see you being annoying bro. Just Be cool bro. And you a phenomenal, phenomenal athlete. You're amazing bro. Your life is wonderful.


I mean who am I to shoot down your dreams to get a shoe deal? But if you think it's just that simple bro, it's a lot of athletes and a lot of different sports that don't have a shoe deal that's way more visible and way more polarized. Start doing cool shit on the internet though. Make yourself like a personable person. Brand yourself better bro. Yeah bro. You wild Out to your PR team. Tell him lock in. Most of his branding is more like from hating on other people. Like if you want to shoot deal like hey you should For real Because like if you want shoot deal like I do Hoka, I'm wearing 'em right now. Oh shout to Hoka and a team for sending us some, You know what I mean? I tell y'all two Y'all on the brown and blue ones today. Yeah, my boy locked in A black and the white outfit. He's a hooka lee for sure.


HOA Lee baby. If y'all, if y'all notice I, y'all don't know what I wear out here. I obviously just throw old a hoodie in. I have a pajama pants under here. All type of stuff. The funny thing I used to love the old inside DBA boy, they used to have a hoop short scenario though, but yes, that's the way you do it. Oh god. Alright man. Molly and the super trash shit. I was arguing with my dogs who take Tyrese out, pull the mellow patience get better or worse. Worse, worse. Shout to Ello. I like That. Yeah. Shout out to you have seen this team without Tyrese. Boy we are not that great. 5 0 9 blocks says when Pacers end up winning the finals will be the biggest small market team to win. Or does the B Bucks still hold that title? I think the Bucks because we have, we are a small market but we have really big events every year.


Final four come here. We are a bigger city. Yeah we had a Super Bowl At 500 bro. Yeah, national championship is Sicily. Yeah, yeah we we we not really a small city or market. It's small but it's a bigger city. It's one of the top, it was like top 15 biggest cities in the nation. Yeah, yeah. So yeah. Yeah. People don't come here to have fun but they come here for business. There's always business attract shit going on. So man, first things first. Patience and thunder. First reach their second finals. Who would this win? Like this win would mean more to, it would probably mean more to SGA and the Oklahoma City Thunder because he's an MVP. Right.


So arguably the best player in the league and then their team been the best team in the league. Yeah. So I think it probably mean more to them. It is like a higher expectation. I think the Pacers, even though they're a really good team, I think they just kind of thrilled to be here. Like I think the city is just amazed that they was able to get here. Like damn because we had no expectations for the Pacers at the way they started the year at all. We were like, ah man it's over. They had, it was a Cinderella run last year because You know they bounced back, made this run. But to be honest living here, we just happy as hell that they in the finals? Yeah. Pace's damn near Butler bro. One Butler made to the National Year. Shit. I think it's equal though since just 'cause they both don't got one.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? If you get one that's just gonna be crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Both sides. I, I just think to me it's gonna mean more for the Pacers 'cause of Tyrese Facts. What do you Mean? Because just like not to double down on it. Yeah. Oh I know we speak on that a lot but I mean shit Shaa it is like you supposed to win. That's what I, that's why I said it mean more. 'cause it's like number one team in the N nba. Yeah. It's MVP if you lose to this. Yeah. Like this team, this Cinderella team that wasn't supposed to be. Yeah, I can see it Both ways. 'cause it's almost like they count the Pacers out to real. The Pacers win. They, we gonna be lit but we, we already counted out both Shots to Jay. Woo. We the only person to all the media people who picked us bro. I love it that Way.


He say we gonna get swept. Yeah, that's what I mean. So it mean more like if you lose this, this, it was written for OKC to win. Like if we Lose this, okay Shit better be glad Tyrese don't act like Ant they better be glad Because I swear to God bro, he He kind of talk Shit though. He does? No he talks but You know it's different. He Ain't like him. Yeah. I like, I kind of like the way Tyrese talks, shit talks. It's like a subliminal like he wears overrated shirts. Oh yeah. You know he come in be like it's cool like the choke sound pulse. It's like hell yeah he do. It is like a subtle, it ain't, it ain't overbearing like Ant don't even really talk shit. He just be him. He be hype bro. He just be popping shit. He really hype. Yeah like they said we was gonna get swept got them outta here Like which I know it the vibes.


Yeah just He, if he won, he already told y'all if he went championship but do some shit like Kyrie did bro. He dropping his pants bro. He Step out, You know what I'm saying? So Tyree, he, he from the neighborhood? Yeah, Tyrese. Tyree you win bro. Where Tyree From? Popular Iowa, Wisconsin. He like from Okay. Yep. From Plus He went to school. Yeah he was Iowa State. Okay. Yeah but You know like they probably from a suburban area. Yeah. You know what I mean? And it is just a different vibe and he talked about it. He was like this damn near the biggest city he lived in type shit. Oh. So that seems like he was always cool with being in the, in the small market 'cause how he grew up. But y'all shout out to the Listen he doing recaps of every round bro. He, he talking his shit subtly Bro. Nah, facts bro. I'm just saying if he wins y'all, I told y'all before bro that is going, I don't even know bro.


Bro, when we win this chip bro, it's gonna get different bro. Real different. They win bro. If the pace, if the paces win the chip bro, it's gonna be a huge disappointment for KC 'cause the year they had MVP to all NBA players. Yeah MVP facts, defensive players all across the board making first team, second team all this shit. Yeah. They got all these accolades. If they lose that bro, that's a discipline. Be Tyree pick them. They going bro He ain't this good. He ain't Fuck around trying to blow 'em Up. They ain't gonna say nothing about the pacer. Pacer lose. They gonna be like they oh they gotta run that team back next year. Best team we ever had Pacer history, they, they OKC lose Jalen Williams is not that good.


Yeah. Or whoever the Chad Hol has to get in no weight room. Yeah. Like they gonna be like go get kd. Yeah the Pacers in the Perfect spot go get kd. They not gonna sell. It Might be easier for 'em to get KD then Though. But I'm saying they ain't gonna say Pacers go get nobody. Pacer's In a perfect spot bro. Oh yeah. They can't lose no matter what. They don't need nobody Pacers they gonna, what do the Pacers need to get better? They just gotta continue, You know to grow at the team to fight. Yeah. Right. That sucks. They're right there. They're right there. They made to Easy Commerce finals championship team. I love it for sure. They, they're not gonna say next step they knew win the championship next year if they gonna start. That's not what they gonna say on pn. No, no, no that's, that's Thunder. They gone, they gonna pick them apart with all those accolades that everybody got this year.


I mean since we're here do y'all think that'll really hurt their team if they lose though? Like they Yes bro. They gonna do it like the Knicks bro. Start picking 'em Apart. They not gonna fire the coach or nothing but they definitely going gonna pick them apart. We need another piece. They going Jay Williams ain't what we thought they gonna do all that. Like you said bro it's a copycat league. When we win this chip they gonna be like okay you don't need a whole bunch of stars. You need one person to run your offense and one person to, to run your team and everybody else just be available to play. Yep. If we got death then we can win. It literally Is a copycat league bro. For sure. Literally like when you start talking about trading the whole Knicks roster when you just made the Eastern Commerce finals because the way Indiana played it is like You think the champions from last year bro.


Insane. True. But You know why Indiana make teams look bad because if you go look at they payroll. Yeah you'd be like they ain't paying nobody shit. Really? I shouldn't say shit. 'cause I mean they all making really good money. Nah, you talking about compared to other teams like Mike Bridges compared to Andrew Nihar compared to Knee Smith and he getting the same production basically in the games. Maybe more you'll be like what the hell? Like I think Knee Smith may be making 11 12 million. I Seen Bridges do with Knee. Smith did that one game when he hit five threes in A row. Yeah But is anybody else for a contract with the Pacers? Miles. Miles, that's it. Everybody else You gotta get miles that chicken. He's getting ownership said they said we'll we'll go into the, we'll go into the tax effort for this thing.


Oh he's getting paid Miles gonna get paid. They made to the final because Y'all keep this team together. Because I know they were talking about possibly maybe having to move Obie to pay miles or making another move. I don't know where we're gonna do with Benedict Mather. I don't know if he's getting an extension or not. I don't know if they are wanna move on with him, let him go flourish. I don't know what Rick on but that's really what it boils down to. The only person we really gotta play is Miles. I do Not wanna let him Go boy You know who they, I don't either. You know if they gotta let somebody stand under the attacks, the only person that they really could let go is like TJ McConnell. Even though he is like he's Indiana through and through. He's like a Indiana like he's probably going to, when they do, the players come back and how they go crazy for land. Oh yeah, T TJ McConnell's gonna be, he work for the, yeah he gonna work for see TJ McConnell being the basketball Pat McAfee?


Yeah For Sure. I could see him going that route. Yeah because TJ Chill but he got a lot of personality too. I could see him doing that. Yeah. Yeah. But he, he gonna work for the Pacers forever. Come on we 22nd. The league in payroll. Yeah your Hawks pay way more money than us some players. Where my hawks up? Lemme see who we play. 21 Brooklyn. Woo. They paying some chicken over there? Yeah, Toronto Bull. They, I don't know why we paying so many people. We ain't got no players. I Ain't know New Orleans is up there. Look At all the players on that team. Bros paying all that money. Trey getting a bag. Right. Who Trey? Yeah. That's Crazy. Nah, Murphy. Oh, oh yeah yeah yeah. Trey Murphy, Deonte Murray, Zion. Zion. Oh Freak they had to pay off half of Brandon Ingram's contract 'cause he got traded late in the season.


Cj, if I'm paying all this money, we gotta win Some games. Minnesota, I mean Phoenix, Phoenix being won is fire. We gotta Win some, You know Phoenix got three simple Max I'm spending too much chicken for this. It was damn the weak in the league So, so imagine that. What, what, what New York pay, where were they at on that list of payrolls? Let's see. Yeah New York or Yeah. So imagine losing to you being the fourth pay and lose to the 22nd. Second. Yeah we got, we gotta shake some shit up. Yeah bro. Now I feel em when I look. Yeah bro we they got who breaks shit, shit down. That makes consider Mo We break shit down on this show. Y. Yeah y'all get this No reals.


Okay. C 25. Okay C 25 but they got make shit. Okay C 25. They got so many young players though. They getting, it is gonna change a little bit when Jaylen Williams get Jaylen Williams and check get paid so it'll change. But obviously they making it this Well we here Now though. Yeah They making it this far with the 25th. Yeah payroll. It is amazing for New York to lose you guys in the 22nd. Like who? They probably like yeah we gotta get dumber like I Milwaukee dumb for sure. Shitty At six. Hey we be all expensive payrolls. Yeah. Gotta, you gotta dumb the team down Milwaukee. You gotta dumb the team down. It's too much money being paid. You gotta let Brooke Lopez go, gotta let damn near Bobby Porters go like yeah and the Clippers my lord.


Yeah Clippers. I mean Y'all know who over there though. Yeah it ain't money anything. Barber don't care about none of that. Yeah Barber go number one if he could anything. Damn. 50 legend. Yeah P run it off and he, he up for a new bag. Yeah. Love that for old school He get. Yeah boy that is crazy man. Like you said, the business basketball is more important than anything. That's as fuck. But while we here though, that 2012 team, You know what I'm saying? Last time OKC went to the finals only time rather. I know this probably be an obvious answer but stack these two teams up. Who getting dubbed Who?


2012 and his and his team. KC? Yeah. Oh bro It was on a list. I had to read it. Nah, I ain't mad at you before. I mean I seen people playing with this conversation but it, it is a close. It is a quick one bro. KC 2012 is too much bro. Yeah that's it. I saw too much bro. They lost to LeBron James, Dwayne Wade, Chris Bach. Yeah that's a, that's a crazy team bro. Bro. There too much. Whens Serge B still? Serge Bacca was different. Yeah He was. Yeah like but I'm saying though like I James hard. Yeah it's too much. That's too much. That's too much. That team is one of that week Them that's one of the Greatest scare them death Week. Them bro. That's one of the greatest teams ever assembled. Yeah, they just ran into LeBron in there.


They just ran into LeBron bro. They got cheap and it was all, it was, it was assembled organically like it was through the draft. Yep. All these players were drafted there. That's one of the ba that's the greatest draft. What is it? Four years in a row? Three years in a row. Four years. Yeah. That's the best. Three years ever in a draft process on his Shit. Boy. Hey still trapping to this day. You get Katie then the next year they got Rust, then they got James and Sge. Sge. He did that with a whole different vibe though. Like this is a whole different team than them. Yeah, He, He, so he's a genius. He relocated a team and then got a cracking. They're Not the Supersonics. Nah, he he did it again. You right did it again. Different though.


He Did it again but God said press y'all did it again. Deserve a ring though because he Is that the best three draft picks back to back to back. Anybody ever done anything better? Nah, not due to they career. I mean nah, that's the best I ever seen. I also say kd, KD oh 8 0 9 it was good. No it's, it don't get any. You draft three VPs in a row. That's crazy. You drafted a three even piece in a row. Nobody else. He's the, he has to go down's the best. Hell him And Ains three in a row is Crazy bro. That's crazy. Daddy ain is up there too. Nah. Yeah but who Denny ain't he ain't never drafted three. Denny Ains actually made bad draft picks he made bad But he made great. Vanessa we talking about the draft though.


Oh Denny aint Danny made great trade. Danny is a great finesser. Shout to his son get that job. Actually he only made one great trade like two. I give him two. He traded, he traded i'd Isaiah Thomas and he traded KG and Ray Allen. That's two, two fairy ones. Yeah But that kg and was put a better up. That Was a Great trade. That's a good trait. But other than that and then he finessed Brooklyn outta all them picks. Thanks Bro. He Brooklyn Was tripping. Yeah, Wild as bro tripping bro. They're a piece of shit. I get KG and Paul Pearson. Them cool They 45 you, you can definitely have em right now. The money part. You on that roster with all Shit we about shit.


Get the ball to Joe. Shit That's crazy because that because I seen a person talk to me crazy the other day talking about, but you said y'all, y'all beat Brooklyn when Joe was there. I said literally Joe was the best player on their team and they was get a ball to Joe and watch the fuck up ball to Joe Bro. JK said y'all know who the best player in this locker room is. Right. When you giving the ball to Joe, I don't wanna hear shit. I said, I Said that to all the niggas y'all to j Practice you that you was a part of that is even funnier Because you Was literally light The biggest he was. He was literally just fly on the wall. For real. You were so much younger than the nigga bro. This Was 40 Bro. I was 20 For real.


And you younger in the least. You he's trying to figure out how this supposed to go. He like, oh this is what they are. Right. That's the worst being the youngest player on the team. What? I mean you got a whole bunch of dudes that's been in the league for eight to 10 plus years. Man. Yeah, You never write About nothing. You never, everything you do is that. That shit light. That Shit like nigga put you in that movie Like that shit ain't going work. Shit ain't gonna Work. Oh real stories though. Stop doing my move bro. That's how I got here man. You Think you gonna get that shot off in a game man. That's how you talk bro. Get, get that shit out here bro. I'm get away from rash. You realize though. You know what's funny, y'all did my whole niggas down. I I ain't, I ain't them they like them bro.


I tell him that might work. That ain't gonna work. That shit look good this nigga. It don't matter what I did. They said what gonna work, it ain't gonna work. Young fell he was in the locker room with kg. I know that was probably hilarious On a daily basis bro fired Though. One of the best teammates you'll ever had. But he's crazy bro. Everything he do on the court, he do that shit for real bro. Practice all that. Right. What'd he tell Jason Collins, I got y'all fuck up this show. How Jason Collins a good dude. He is my teammate too. I fuck with fuck We here run the story boo. Now we is on a plane. It is how many nigga laugh already out over. We come from China. Everybody like man we get some holes on here man we good to go man. We get it going.


Everybody was done with they marriages and stuff. He told Jason Carlos, we got you two boy don't worry about it bro. Some nigga. That's crazy. Hey shout be a real teammate. Everybody's included. God goddammit. Hey Nobody's left out bro. Love for you wanna love. That's crazy. Oh man, that's funny.


That is hilarious. Alright man. All y'all know how fuck up a show. Oh man.


The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance. So we can play some bets on these games, man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA. For sure. We ready to tap in man, what you got for me? Me Be five to get $300 in bonus. Best man. $5 gets you $300 in bonus. Best if your bet wins. Yeah, I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm gonna use that bonus bet to put it in for my 80 pacers. We gonna get this crown just like draft King says. And listen, this is special for first time beers on DraftKings $5 gets you $300 in bonus bet. If your bet wins. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings put in promo code Club five 20. That's again promo Code Club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me but hey you bit that $5 then you get $300 back on that bonus bets for sure. Only on DraftKings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Who dreams of the super Chad say what's up fellas? Based on Shay's movement patterns, would y'all consider him a modern day? Kobe also. Who will win a one V one series out of Jeff and Mooch right now? MOOC probably get me now. I can't barely walk right now man. I rolled my ankle so I probably can't move. He left. Niggas cook. Oh damn. See we gotta make you a Hoka athlete, You know what I'm saying? You gotta tap in. Yeah Hoka, you walk around some Hokas your uncle feel better. Promo code use Club Fox. I don't know what it's gonna get you off or use it. Word up. That's that's for DraftKings. All the above. Promo Code Club by 28.


Boost Mobile. This is brought to you by Boost Mobile. Get 25 cents off. Yeah $25 nononsense. It's 25. Not gonna come rest. 25 a month. First three. What's the first three months? $15? Yes sir. First three months. $15. Man Way You know the vibe 5G Nationwide. Man tap in the Boost Mobile. I know we just doing it in the middle of the show but tap in a Boost Mobile man. Come on Macy the sign behind us. Yeah, power by Vibe's for show. Hey Brian.


Alright. Oh man, your NBA niggas is crazy Bro. Shout out to KG man. He called the Punisher. Nah bro. Nah, Nah bro. Alright moving on. Nah, nah bro. Shout to local Super chat. He said question from Jeff Marcus. Aside from the words Dynasty, who has the most frustrating team to play against? What made that team so tough? What are some teams that annoys y'all, y'all here to play against?


That was really it. You said the Warrior scene? Yeah bro. Bro. I mean Brian and them in Miami was a good team but oh man. I mean I don't, I don't think that really annoyed me. It was like fun competing against them. But it's like you was, you had no chance when kg, I mean KD and them went to the Warriors. It was ugly. It was over with. You knew you wasn't about to win. Too bad. These two dudes laughing. I'm sorry bro. Why did y'all do this the end of the show? He said bro, That's the best part about it. We just gotta move on like it didn't happen. Alright. He stop crying. He said nigga called to punish him.


What did Jason call say? JC cool as hell. He cool as hell. He cool as hell. He Don't care bro. I think he would be mad. I'm like He laughing bro. Charles JC was one of the coolest. We cool, cool people. Just a joke man. Shout what's up man? Shout. Shout to jc. Shout to jc. Alright. Volleyball super chat shit. What's happening? Five 20. I know y'all not huge boxing fans but y'all be in Vegas. We actually, we are huge boxing fans and Bud Crawford guess nah they love boxing up here for show love boxing. Yeah we gonna be there Cge. We need to, we need to play tap in. I I swear I'll do behind the scenes coverage. You know I'm a Bud Crawford fan. Is he gonna beat the shit outta Canelo? No he not gonna beat the shit outta Canelo but it should be a good fight.


Canelo Raw. I don't think he gonna beat Canelo though. Yeah, I'm gonna say Canelo Raw like and he going up and weight though. Like I know everybody gonna root for the, You know we gonna root for the brother but like hey Canelo. He like that. Nah, Canelo won the ones for sure. Yeah, Canelo one of the top, top boxers of all time for sure. He stood in front of some shit too. Yeah, Canelo ain't no joke bro. When you fight Floyd as a youngster. Yeah and your career don't crumble and you still keep getting millions. You you like that. Most people that fight Floyd after that they crumble, they shit done. That's they payday and that's that. Yeah. Yeah he done went up 400 million. I'm bet he getting a hundred something from this fight for sure.


Yeah he got to damn Friday, September 12th SE tap in we gonna pull up. Should be a hell of a fight for show. Good question. I know Tank Davidson. Them fighting again. I think they fighting in August. August 16th I think him and Roach. I think they running it back. Okay. The rematch official? Yeah I thought he called it off. So if he on whoop him this time, what that mean? And somebody else fighting on the 16th. Lopez and Haney. Okay. Tim Female Lopez. Is that the under card on this fight? Nah, it's two different joints. So who y'all gonna watch? T gonna whoop it. He gotta a whooping. He gotta, alright, if you ask me what fight I'm gonna watch, I'm going to watch Ate Davis. You going be watching Tang, Davis and Roach versus instead of Tim female Lopez and Haney. Yeah that's watching Tang. That's a tough decision.


Haney boring a little bit. I'm Bump. Yeah, Haney is born and this first fight was really good so I, I'm really looking forward to the, to the rematch. But it's very interesting him though. It's very interesting that the, the, the Turkish dude put that fight. He, he putting it on for Haney and them. He put it on the same day as Devonte Tang Davis and them fight. So that is weird. Very interesting. Try to see who the bigger fighters is bro. Very interesting. Yeah, he gonna make the fans make a decision. Somebody going to be upset by how it goes. But should be two good fights for sure. Alright j Burns. Shout to J Burns. Be here Patriot. When the shit can we get a EJ remix with Bo nine? Boy maybe Lance. No Lance. But I got you though bro.


I got you JB For sure. Alright. Lo or Trey said from Winston-Salem. Shout to Teague Mo DJ be here. The freaking Mike waiting Need to retire number already. Shout out to Trey. Appreciate you gang. Come on Wake tap in man. Wake don't talk to me man. I'm That is actually crazy because you is one of they best players ever. Yeah, I'm too. I'm too, that's fucked up too Real. Damn. You got, you gotta be weird. Shout to Tim Duncan. No I'm gonna say Tim Duncan is weird. I'm saying you gotta like be weird that way for us. Like you gotta do, you can't beat me. You can't act like me. Yeah because I just tell the truth. I'm like I can't help but you ain't I, hey I don't Think you really said nothing.


I Don't, don't say nothing about what? For About your whole journey though. Think they Fuck with you if you wanted them to. For real. Yeah, but I, I can't, I don't know nobody at that school so you can't go up there and be like, yo, you remember me? That's how I feel at Kentucky right now. Yeah child don. Oh different now. Damn. Like you can't just walk up there and Nah like one of my guys, coach Muse is back on the staff. I'm not sure if he assistant coach or what he does but he, he always hit me up and just talk, You know ball and shit. But it's just different like I see what you're Saying. Come on Wake make it right. Tap in, we can get it right. I was overweight the year I left somebody wore zero. I'm like nigga I just made all American damn what I gotta do around this motherfucker. Mm. And when I got there you couldn't even, bro, you couldn't even get number one when I first got there and that was Justin Gray, that was his number.


And no offense to Jay Gray. I like Jay Gray, he a good dude and he, he a college coach but I was just like damn we can't even get number one. I get it. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like I can't get number one. They like nah that's Justin Gray. You know he hold grudges too so. Yeah. I mean but that's like, it seems like it's order though. Shit if I came and I was just a, a fucking all American treat the same motherfucker, the next motherfucker like me can't touch this. That's A fact. Yeah I know it might be different regimes and coaches and stuff but still, You know what I'm saying? Nah, respect Protocol. Protocol. Respect. Respect though. You can wear his either. I don't care Mean it's a number who care. Come on. Wait, tap in. Let's make it right for sure. Alright. T Cozy the super chest said Jeff you outta pocket for saying AC better than Z. I ain't say he was better. Bulls were number one the easy before Z got hurt.


They barely make the playing with AC all love though. LI ain't say that. I don't know when the bulls were number one the east but that may be like the second game of the season. It was hooping bro. It was like 10 games in but yeah it was, it was quick but they was hooping but I ain't say he was better. Nah ain't so they do the same thing. Yeah, y'all gotta listen. I mean that's, that's, that's why you got two ears and one mouth. God listen Fuck this nigga wanna be 75 so bad. I'm just telling you bro. I never said he was better for sure. Alright Ray, Ray in the super chat shit. Old City or no City KC and ind play the same but with two teams were light. The ones a better score is gonna win. We got Bucket G for real in DIDK, I'm not too sure about that. You have one bucket getter for sure that's in SGA and Jalen Williams is solid but Pascal Kom score is better than Jalen Williams.


Now Tyrese isn't the biggest score but he generates enough offense to, You know what I'm saying, to kind of help interact with SGA. So we'll see it's a series be, it's gonna be a good series. Man. I hate when people do all this who can score man. Jalen Brunson just was averaging 30 man. They loss they lost bro. Yeah. Yeah bro. I seen two people get 80 and they lost bro. Oh yeah. Nothing else scares me. Yeah bro, it, it is gonna be a good series. Now the thing that's gonna be the real kicker is the defense. Yeah. Can the Pacers defense hold up like it's been holding up. That's What scares me about OKC Though because they defense travels sleep all the time. They jump shit. Yeah. They don't scare me about them. And if somebody having a bad night, somebody's gonna come off the bench and play crack head defense for 15 minutes, hit a couple threes and change the game.


Yeah. You'll have a kid like Wiggins come in and just kind of change the momentum of the game. He got that kind of capability. Mm. But like that's the biggest thing. It's gonna be the defensive end, the offense, like obviously they, we know they can score. SGA gonna get 30 but can he, can they make it tough for everybody else? And the Pacers weren't known for defense? Nah. But this past this postseason they've been a really good defensive team up. Yeah I'm very interested to see the matchups we tried to throw at SGA for sure. Alright Robbie, Robin the super chat morning y'all big fan of the show at the N-B-O-T-T is over but we still got ESBN. Okay, turn up.


What player had the SAS Farewell Tour? Tony Parker and Charlotte Shaq and Boston and Paul Pierce in Brooklyn. Paul Pierce played in the Clippers. My boy, his farewell Paul Pierce Farewell is more memorable. All because Draymond Green. Most definitely Shaq and Boston is nasty. Yeah, Shaq really didn't even cook like that. I don't know bro. I'm gonna say Paul Pierce just 'cause it's more notable. Tony Parker and Charlotte is nasty bro. I remember that too. That's the nasty part. I don't even remember him in Charlotte. That's what crazy. He got paid a little good too to go there. Why Was you ever on that team though? He's supposed that's a perfect city for him. Very on brand for sure. Especially that time period. Man. Gotta do some research there. Sure. Shout out to Raleigh Jones Bowl and Super Chat.


Said 20 to KG the outfit. Community ride for Life. Marcus a real capital Cambridge old ass team for sure. That's fucking hilarious. Yeah. All right. I don't know what your name is, please just type using Howard Glyphs but shout out to you. What's good y'all hope everybody good. Marcus do you have any memorable funny stories from Kentucky? Shout out to the veil. My hometown the 5 0 2 Bless loves the Lou. I don't know bro. There's A whole bunch of shit going on. You got some shit he can't tell on this motherfucker. Shout to you though man. The chat going crazy. Aint Kelly the super chat. Love the pod. Which I'd rather get in the ring with a pro boxer or ride a bull pause. I'm a, I'm gonna get, I rather get you, I'm gonna get the ring bro.


I rather take a punch in the face bro before I do that. That's that's wild bro. Falling off a bull and it's stumping on you bro. I'm straight bro. I'm cool Bro. I think they talking about the mechanical y'all. Oh. Oh He thought you was gonna get on a real one. Yeah I thought he was talking about riding a real bull. What He talking about a mechanical bull y'all. Either way. That's tough. Shout to you Christopher Smith in the super chat. I just watched Mook at Miah teacher He'd rather get punched in the face by Tyson than get on a mechanical bull. Oh nah, no wait till y'all watch the episode of 12 off 20 drops today at 12:00 PM and we talk about people on mechanical bulls. Pause Nasty Works.


I'd rather ride a mechanical bull than get punched in the face by Mike Tyson. Oh I didn't he Mike Tyson? No. Oh nevermind bro. This we got, We just get on that bull Yo. What he on today bro? Hey I'll be just shooting not to participate. Christopher Smith in Super Chase said I just watched Mook at Open Gym and he was hurting bro. Okay. If you got that windmill my dog, my knee was hurting man. He said he ain't got it. He said gimme my boy 10 days bro. He got y'all Alright. Crew in three, four old Super Chase said Tank. He supposed to fight Haney but Tank said that Turk dude fight dude was Haney's fight so he would've to knock out Haney to win.


He didn't take the fight. So basically Tank didn't want to fight Haney 'cause they said it was a setup. Mm, basically respect. Yeah. Okay. Shout to you. Travis B in the super chat said yo what's good five 20. Y'all didn't mention how it's harder to make it professionally attractive. Basketball gotta be top five in the US to make it to the Olympics. Yeah, track and field is no joke. You gotta be literally top tier. All professional athletes are in the top percentile of what they do. So respect to everybody. Yeah. Track and field is a tough sport. I don't know why people do it. No shade like you a professional athlete but you only really get to be professional for You know like we really, really really matter once every four years.


Yeah. Like I know they do other races throughout the years and stuff like that but just not really televised it and really, You know what I mean? You gotta brain yourself. Yeah. You Not stay in shape for four years, four years And if you don't let's just happen. You roll. That's discipline bro. Man what matter? You just pull your hamstring that be happening to people two weeks before. Like I couldn't be a track field athlete. Shout down, hurt there you wasted. All this time My personality hurt. Crazy man. You'll be mentally fucked up and your window is so small. Like you said, you lucky if you could be cold for two Olympics, let alone one. Nah that's, that's amazing. So the things that like Michael Phelps and them were doing is crazy. Unbelievable world championships. Olympics. Olympics, all that stuff. Respect man. Shout to athletes for show. Invited to the cookout series to the Hornets.


Hire Tibs and get some structure around young talent. They out there playing YMCA ball. Do not stress Tibs out here at 67. He does not need a heart attack. Yeah T Amen. Come on men. Yeah Lalo said my boy up out here. Alright man. Before we the chat gonna keep going all day. We got something else man. God damn. Alright man. Finals game one tonight. Be here. Why? Why are you asking me a question? I told you Okay C by 20 bro. Like I Ain't even finish my question but go crazy kid. It's your time to talk. For sure. Go ahead if you got some more bro. No I'm just saying what? What your team gotta do to win tonight. But you said it's belt to ass anyway huh? I think for real like we've been preparing for this moment bro.


We're setting the tone tonight man. You know what I'm saying? So yeah it is going down. 20 point victory. Hopefully I think y'all gonna win when y'all come back here though. Mm I do. Y'all win by 20 tonight. That's gonna send a crazy message. No it ain't bro. Yes it is bro. Game three. I think pictures win. Game one. Y'all win by 20 bro that might scare us a little bit. I don't like that. I feel it's gonna be a doll fight tonight. I think it's gonna be a battle tonight. Yeah, it's gonna be two little in there bro. Alright. Alright, I'm gonna ask both of y'all this. Alright Jeff. Okay c Aiden won a home in the postseason built to as usually two average margin of victory. 25. What does OKC have to do tonight to get a W what they been doing?


Bring the building gonna be electric. I told y'all the other day how it feels to be in the finals and I'm not trying to be funny or nothing but if no you was there. Yeah it is different bro. Like the energy, the fans is like the anticipation of everything's a little different. Every shot matter. The crowd go crazy on everything so it's gonna be a different energy in the building. Facts. And they gonna feed off their energy. They gonna play well. I imagine somebody off the bench is gonna have a big night. Mm, I don't know who but one of their guys gonna come in and the energy gonna shift because I think the pace is gonna, this is how I feel like the game is gonna start. The pace is gonna start off competing, it's gonna go well. They gonna make a sub and then okay so you gonna just take off a little bit.


Okay. And I do think OKC gonna win tonight though. Okay. Game one at the crib. Like you said I like the Pacers game one at the crib too. I do, I really Do. I like so you see the second unit taking over the game? Okay. Yeah Mo for the Pacers to get a dub not KC. What we gotta do? Damn. Definitely gonna have to make some shots bro. Okay. They going, they gonna be plugging in the gaps and and the help and all that. We gonna have to hit some threes. Role players gonna have to them hard gonna have to come to play bro. Okay. Yeah and I feel like we gonna need math to step up bro. Rick gonna have to let him play bro. He gonna be huge for us bro. At least give him 20 minutes Miles. Turner's going to have to make shots. I was just about to say, I think Miles Turner and Nihart, I mean obviously outside of the superstars are our keys to win because we saw as their hearts on last year and that pace kind of messed him up.


He has to hit those threes bro to keep the floor space. We have to have that 'cause if not, we already had problems with Rebound and we still have it. We showed up some games but Isaiah Hartstein murdered us some rebounds last year and then you got Chet out there who could definitely crash the boards. Lou dot Yeah they got guards like Jaylen Williams who crashed the board. Even SJ gonna get a couple too. They don't slack in that department so we gotta bring that energy for sure. Yeah but mine's gotta make you gotta make shots 'cause the way they help, they help defenses. They over help which could be, that's how You beat them. You have to make, you gotta make shots 'cause they, they gonna over Help. So Nihart Knee Smith, miles Turner, they have to make shots and Tyree Hallberg gotta live in the paint. Okay. He gotta live in the paint. It can't be one of them games where, You know how he sometimes wanna fill out the game and he be like dang Tyrese not here tonight.


Right. But I know what TJ McConnell going do, he gonna live in that paint so yeah it could be a big game for TJ too. Most definitely. One thing I liked about Tyrese, I not even though he was kinda reserving it for the second half and especially the fourth quarter he stopped settling or he's just stopped hesitating and making passes. Them teardrops them floaters and the paint. Like you said living the paint that freak the line shot. Yeah That make a world of a difference for us and them shots be available and we need all that we can get 'cause OK C'S defense is crazy for sure Man. Man I'm really looking forward to this game. But y'all wanna wait before we go to who gonna win a series? Y'all wanna see game one first? I know B here he don't give a damn. He gonna KC already? Yeah I think OKC going to win but I just, I I be talking shit about sweeps and stuff.


I see this going six. Okay. I don't, I don't have no dog in the fight. I just want a good series. I I'm rooting for the home team but I really don't care. Yeah I think it's a good series but I like, I like the Pacers and and seven bro. Let's score seven. I'm going Pacers in six. I ain't mad at that. I'm going pagers in six. We still game one. I feel very, very, very confident in that if we still Game One we good. Yeah if I was a betting man I would take OKC if that's, if I was betting, if I was using my DraftKings promo code club five 20 yo, I would take OKCI don't really care but since I'm from Indianapolis it'd be cool for the city to be lit. Like I love to go downtown after the Pacers won the championship like to go out, not to the parade but like the, just catch the vibe I got OKC but I, You know, I just, I don't know bro.


I just, if Tyrese win bro, I just, he the greatest pacer ever bro. That's That's a fact. I just, oh Tyre get a dub Go. Hey what y'all, what y'all rank him in the NBA as a player period. Not just point Golf. If he win jump, If he win a champ just right now as a player he like 30. Top 30? Yeah. Oh just as a individual player. Damn it's 24 want top 15. Top 15? Yeah I seen Nick Rice 30, he about 11 I'm want top 15 for sure. Ain let's, let's run him out. Ain't Them off. You taking him over LeBron? He said LeBron Yoic you taking him over LeBron bro? LeBron 40 bro. Nah I'm still taking LeBron. He stabbed 25.


I'm still taking Y'all, You taking over Donovan. Right bro. LeBron shouldn't even, LeBron Shouldn't even be you taking Tyrese Holburn over Donovan Mitchell right as an individual player. I'm yep. And Donvan Mitchell Cole one of the best offensive players in the N NBA A I'm talking you with do right now as an individual player. Brian, You're not on this list bro. You better than all these niggas but you not Hold on. Y what I'm saying like not the team just one, like a one-on-one player. You know What Jim's saying man, I'm not saying a one-on-one basketball game. That's what Jim's saying. Just a player on the team bro. I'm saying if you had to start your team, you taking Tyrese Mitchell. Oh there you go. Most definitely Tyrese is the system. Nah, Donovan Mitchell can't get past the second round Bro. I'm taking Donovan Mitchell. Hey Donovan, Mitchell Cole. You know I'm global for life. He one Dakota, us. He's silly. I'm taking Don can't past the second round.


He every year. It ain't no hate. They just told us last season, I mean last round that he had all these weapons on his team and he's so cold. They supposed to get us up outta here bro. And it was hurt. I ain't he's cold. Respect something ain't right. Ain't the second round bro. But I'm, I'm taking down permission bro. Y'all not being here for real bro. So we got the people we, we got the people we know better than him. Giannis joker. Y'all gotta run down letting y'all run 'em down. I referee this Giannis joker. Jason take, can we go To the top this list please? Yeah, just start from there. We can, we can. Oh this list is already kinda sha y'all taking so y'all taking? No. Y'all taking Wendy or Yes. Because to start a team. Yeah. Yeah. So y'all taking Giannis? Yeah, of course. Weby Giannis. Anthony Davis?


Mm. Today? No. Jason Tatum? Yes. Carl Towns? No. No. Jaylen Bronson? No. LeBron ain't on man. Kevin, they, they legacy. I ain't gonna put them there. And Edwards, I would. Mm. Tough. But I'll take a e, I'll take a Wildling bro. At, I said I'm taking Ed, I'm, I'm taking him over K though. I'll take Cam. No I'm not bro. I Am. Me personally, his time is coming but it is not here yet. Y'all Wildling Jar Jackson Ju I'll taking him over. John Marin. John Marre ain't got to the finals. Y'all wildling bro. We Can only go off the what we see. Come on bro. Y'all watch basketball bro.


Y'all watch basketball bro. Watch. He gotta the conference funnel and went, went to the finals bro. They good Making teams work Bro. They have a good team bro. I seen Memphis win without Jah. Hold on. We done win without Jah. I without Tyrese. Nobody thought they had a good team at the start this year bro. Nobody. You Said that they was the same team as last year. I said they were playing bad at the beginning of Year. He tar that team up bro. Without that team, they are without him. That team is terrible. But I seen them who I seen, I seen last year when Nihar was the best player. Oh he wasn't the best but he held it down for sure. That Bro Nihar was the, he Nihar got season, Nihar got paid 54 million because he was killing he and he was a second round player. Yeah. I'm not nobody expected none from them. Player he was carrying wasn't what he, he was carrying, he was carrying last year he coming down.


I also saw he was carrying last year I also saw Ty Jones get Memphis cracking with y'all wasn't there and they was still winning the game. They, I saw Scotty so I can't say that Was winning without Ja they was, they a good team. Pace was not gonna win without, but if I put Ja Marin and Tyrese, Halliburton in a one-on-one chamber, You know who coming out. You know offense ones is different who coming out. But Team Ja ain't gonna, y'all stop playing with Ja. What about Ja the fuck? Nah bro. Y'all playing Y y'all playing now bro. Okay. Just we play one. Gimme Ja. Okay. Yeah. Once is different for sure. Gimme Tyrese. Nah, gimme ja every day bro. The fuck out. Make the team win bro.


Man, that's what I want my play Guard to do at the end of day. Hey bro, he playing the east bro. Oh here we go man. I not saying that bro. That's some real shit y'all. We all in the same NBA bro. Talk to him. I swear to God. I swear to God you put Jamma rent on the same pace team they do the same shit bro because he can pass the ball. He do all that same shit bro. More effective. Are you crazy? Even Malcolm said it's quiet. Talk to him. You crazy bro. I'm not gonna say, I'm not gonna say he wouldn't, when starts shooting, he start doing the gun shit. People forget how good Jain is. I how good he y'all y'all said a nah, I ain't say y'all second guess ae man, come on bro. Nigga Was like, bro, Y'all, y'all live for the moment bro.


Nah, people get caught in in the moment. Come on. I just said that Tyree wins and shit. Everybody can go to hell like I'm best in League. But he right There bro. I'm not saying he not good bro. He so, he better than Tre Young. He better than Tre Young. I like Trey Young, I like Reon. I'm a re young fan. Ain going DJ ain't going. He do the same thing. We about to get a chip. I'm rocking with my niggas. He do the same thing as he. We voice this so I'm rocking with my dog. He better Dam Lil hey now Dame Lil is hurt bro. Man y'all know I'm talking about Healthy Dame Lil bro. No, hell no. What we talking about now? Y'all crazy. Better. Is he better than Dion Fox? Yes. Yes bro.


What? Yes. Darren Fox even made a play. That was some real shit. Y'all, Y'all playing bro. Made D Fox is cold as hell but they got to one first round. They liked the be they was excited over first Round Lost bro. You have to Tyrese in the finals Re hall. It's not no fucking D. Y'all they got traded because of him. Y'all talking about one on one. Well that's a terrible franchise. They traded every guard at Ross bro. I'm talking about one-on-one basketball bro. I'm talking about when you go to a gym bro. I'm talking about when I take my team to this shit. Y'all say if y'all trolling to make the show longer or not? I'm not. Come on bro. Y'all real. Y'all Dre Fox bro. Fox one of the coldest Dre Fox is Raw. And y'all said right now if if pound For pound One on one Dion Fox will kill him.


But No, if you just had 'em next to each other and you wanted to start a franchise, you gonna pick Tyrese. Celebrate on. I'm taking the person that took his team to the finals. It took me to the finals bro. What you saying? First round Finals Dre Fox got win next year. If they don't go to the finals, I don't wanna hear shit bro. They playing. It is a diff it is a different team bro. You, he got one of the best creative players of all time. Tyree said win we you can have a different Tyree Finn a win. Alright, that means don't mean Mo Holiday better than Tyrese Hallborn. He won a championship twice. No, then what we talking about Drew Cole, me is Drew ain't better than Tyree. Halliburton And his prom. Drew Holiday and Tyrese. That's a tough conversation for sure. Drew Cole, Not Drew is better than him. That's Crazy. Elite defender.


I, I speak nothing Price From don't get it fucked up. Drew's a officer Drew average a dub at one point. Don't don't, don't get it fucked up. You Said y'all wilding now. So, so Tyres better Devin Booker? No, no, no, no, no. Yes. Nah. Devin Booker laid the sons to championship final Book Going through some tough times right now bro. Y'all think he's he's tweaking bro. He book going through some tough times. Go the Chris Ball better. He left better? No. Nah, he he better than Kyrie. No, no. Kyrie ain't letting nobody to the final. What last year he got, we ain't got no finals. Kyrie got a chip. He got a chip.


Oh wow. He got LeBron chip. He a goat Aren Fox. I apologize. Not saying Fox. He come Y ain't disrespected him. Y ain't dis saying he sad or nothing. But I'm saying them them putting Tyree over you bro. They, they, they Wildling bro. So you think Dion Fox is top 15 player in the NBA bro. Dion Fox Potentially What Dion Fox average last year. I I I think y'all kind of like bro said living in the mo. I'm gonna live in the moment if he want to. Me too but But you got so Right now y'all what's Going on? It's not the moment, it's the results bro. This is what's going on. Nah but Jeff just said do a mock draft. Yes a Redraft. I I need that. That's tough. I need that Fox coat. Not that Fox like Tyree like 19, 18 and like nine.


Yeah 18. He had a shitty start to EC too. If you go from January to now, it is crazy. I like Tyree 50 almost. I like Tyree four Six I think y'all, y'all getting, y'all getting a love. I'm Just saying a follow on five game. He is a winner bro. He can win Pace it some pace are sad bro. Listen, he got the motherfuckers out there hooping bro. And everybody, your name is the best player on their team. I mean ain't the best player on the team. Tyrese the best player on the team You taking, you taking him over James Hart? Hell no. Today. Yes, today. Oh yeah in his prom. No today. Absolutely. There's no disrespect to James. I say what James Har are we talking about Houston James Hart? No course I mean he was all NBA player. I'm just asking y'all No James Hart is called. It was An Allstar.


That's all NBA. It's never disrespect S Love get me Tyrese 'cause I know what James Har gonna do in the playoffs. Mm That's cool. I ain't mad at that take but y'all got chill or something like so he better than DeMar de Rose better Tyrese right now bro. He a better basketball player. DeMar de Rose. Not one on one. I asking questions. Gotta watch him. He like to use y he two words to hedge that that question because y'all making my point. Alright. I'm about, this is how it's gonna sound dramatic. Y'all making my point. Just 'cause you a better basketball player like you do things well to make your team win Don't mean you a better basketball player than somebody. You can be a complimentary player. You can do stuff that helps do winning shit.


He winning shit. Yeah, Caruso does winning shit. Y'all just told me Lonzo Ball is 10 times better than him. Right. Lonzo do winning shit at a high. That's my whole point. So Tyrese, Halliburton just the max deal Lonzo Ball, That's fine. Right. Maybe that's a good ass player bro. I don't think it is but I don't think, I don't think Lonzo Ball is better than DeMar Rosen. I don't think at no point in his life. I I I get where you're going. They more talented people. But if I'm rolling the ball out for my team to win games, I need Tyrese, Halliburton, he's a winner bro. He going pick, He going At high ass Level. I don't Think you picking up Tyree Hall. Marcus. Hey gm, we open gym Good and Tyree Hallberg standing right there.


Who you got? Who gonna say come on Debo. He gonna say come on Deebo open gym. That's what I'm saying. That's bad. That's he a better hooper. But if I'm, if I'm picking, I'm putting together a team, I'm like all right DeMar Rosa used to win 50 games in Toronto. Yeah I want y'all nigga but I'll be forgetting. I get what he's saying. If I one the best scores of all time as a coach, when you putting together a team, you want somebody that's gonna be able to get the whole team together and everybody gonna like him and everybody's gonna be together. Like I need a point guard that can just run everything. You Gotta put certain pieces around Tyree. That's how you gotta do Ty. You can't just go throw Tyree. You not just doing that bro. He was in, he was out there in Sacramento looking as too nigga. This nigga was in Shooting guard bro.


That's my whole point. He was in Sacramento looking ass. Everybody as except for one year. That's my whole put Tyre in Philadelphia bro. They sad. What you put Tyree on the sixes. They lit as Hell. This shit, they Sad. They sad bro. Bro they lit. They gonna be weak bro. They not going with no game. They Gonna be sad Bro. They would've lost just as many games this shit. Yeah. And B was healthy. You Keep saying nah, I'm just talking about with the roster that he had to play with you. Fucking horrible. No I I'm saying though, y'all acting like he changes every franchise in the He's been No I'm saying if you just rolling the ball out, y'all listen bro. Y'all said this nigga's better than Dre Fox Bro. Fox bro. Yes bro. That's not the you saying that like that's just insane is instant conference finals finals to each other bro.


He took His team To the Finals. Not gonna take every team out east far. Not every team You put Tyrese on any team out east, you're not gonna make it. He's not going to guarantee the Playoffs. He's LeBron James bro. That's what I'm not saying that That's how y'all acted but I'm saying To who we comparing him to. He's showing more success being a, I mean he he is, he is a good point guard. He's like Jason kid got more success. He's like Jason kid bro, I see Jason Kid's A hall of famer. We not saying Tyrese. Tyree probably gonna be a hall of famer. I see why that gave AKA the mvp. Yeah like You can't just put him on any team now. I ain't saying yeah That's with anybody but Put Aren Fox on any team, he gonna be just as He gonna be do the same shit. Productive. I'm talking about women Tyse, Aren Fox Tyrese go missing sometimes But he, he be there a lot of times.


He had 18 and 10 bro. Alright Bro, we gotta move on from this but hey that's a hell of a conversation for sure. I'm just saying bro, some of the players y'all like we just watched and Top 30. I think Brody was wild. Yeah I I'm saying but you gotta think like I put him a lot. Yeah Top we got it's 24 All Stars right? It's one of 'em. Yeah. Yeah he's one of 'em. So he gotta be Did he make Allstar team this year? Not this year. Okay so it's 24 all Stars. He should have Been, I'm saying he next six best. He all NBA though. So if he on NBA in my he gotta be top 10. Yeah but that's a, you gotta have a good team to be all NBA. I'm saying it's some sad, it's some niggas down there that sat on some sad teams. Like if y I'm just hooping, I'm taking CJ McCullum before I take Tyrese Halliburton if I'm just hoop.


I get what you're saying. I am too. I'm Gym. Yeah I'm just hooping. He's a better, More talented And if you give tyres that Pelican's roster with all the people we just named, bro still gonna judging like that bro. They still gonna be bad. You give Tyree and Zion to pick and roll with bi. I'm not judging it. Tyrese better than K cu him Right now. If you line Him up just play one one. No, no but I'm not judging it like that though. I am I that's where he going with it. I Am like D Fox if they play one on one. Yeah Gimme d Fox Is Torch but when time goes to the final but basketball is oh five game. So I get what y'all saying. They be Saying that about LeBron Bro. So he better you taking, if you starting a game, you taking Pablo, you taking him over P five Paul Ole he starting team We get we gotta go Mike.


I really, nah I really, people really Like Pablo. This is people y'all not thinking in the top 20 like Him bro. I'm just saying but Nick is not thinking about him. He's coldest. Pablo Carroll's way better terms. I didn't say, I just said he what is the delay? No delay. I had enough time to talk to Mike. Alright we gotta move on from this because we gotta hit the rest of the show like P five. Who has the coaching advantage in the series? Y'all taking Rick? He's taking Coach Mark D Rick Man he a championship. Yeah he Think Rick got the coaching The event. Yeah he going to Chip already. Okay. Respect. He been here before back in the super chat for a second. HWTC Jeff Burner account said Tyree game just ugly.


I feel you t the iPad. I didn't say his game was ugly. He Shot ugly. That nigga cold Though. Yeah he can play. He's a good player but he just, I'm saying when I'm talking about hooping I'm saying he throw somebody out there and you just be like hey Hoop, he's not gonna say him. Nah he's not gonna be the first one. I'm gonna be honest I'm not but that's not how I'm judging him. For sure doubt. Alright Gido Jones and Super Chat said do y'all think if a Lakers kept the court of Zoe BI ju wearing Cool Zoo Box and Caruso, they would've made a deep plea out run or win it all? Nah, nah that's what I'm saying. It is all scenarios bro. Like all them dudes right there can hoop. They all can hoop but they all was trying to get money.


Yeah like that's why Tyree's team is perfect 'cause he was put in a situation where everybody had to adapt to him like I'm the money. Yeah everybody else, the way y'all gonna get money is if y'all adapt to me Sha too. Yeah but if like if you go, if he would've went to a team where it's a bunch of dudes that already got the money. Oh yeah they don't give a fuck. Yeah they, they wouldn't adapt to him. He might look different. Yeah he was gonna look different. Like if PG was still on this team with Tyrese Hall when PG was still pg Tyrese, Halliburton have been me like get the ball to him like you gotta do this, you gotta do that. But they built a team where it was around him like oh we gonna find peace that fit him. You know what I'm saying?


I mean that's what happened when you the guy so Yeah but if he got to a team where it was like hey like if Lonzo would've went to the Lakers and they didn't have Kobe and all them dudes and they was like we gonna build a team around Zo, he probably been to re Hallberg if he didn't get hurt but he went through, they got Julius Randall bi, all them dudes like you just said and it's like hey I was here first nigga you gonna have to adjust to us then they got bro. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it's like he was blessed that Indiana went through what they went through and had to trade and do all that stuff. That's fair. And he got to put the team around him like when AKA came they like he gonna run the lane, he gonna look perfect with Tyree Hallberg but if they would've traded for Jalen Brown it would've been like bro yeah what the fuck is you doing?


Bring that bitch over here. You know what I'm saying? Shit might look a little different new the new wave bro. All that throw me the rock shit is over with bro. It's play the right way bro. They the new wave because they had to get, you gotta get a team that everybody actually like each other. Yeah that's true. And that's not normal in the NBA. Nah it is usually like the complete opposite. Nobody like each other. Yeah gotta lock in for sure. That's why a lot of teams, a lot of players that you think be like damn why he ain't do because they teammates don't like him or they don't, they hating on him a little bit. True. They don't got that in the Pacers for sure. Alright man, let's get through the super chat before we get outta here. A one dig said 55 Gotta be a sorry Celtic Darie ever shout out to Jeff. Bad take Teague though.


Damn. All right well fuck you man. Real simple. Fuck outta here. Tdot says love y'all man. Love from Chicago be here. You worked for Pepsi back in the day I worked for Dr. Pepper and I tap damn. How You know that? Every morning Patience at seven. Shout out to my third shift squad man. Shout, shout, shout to t shout to the family. Yeah I forgot about the Pepsi days. Yeah the trenches for sure. King of Judas said Jeff he was one of my favorite pgs especially on 2K but you talk like you was ass or something. Alright, shout to you bro. Italian twine watch company said Holly is the CE of finals need. What do you think the whistle is gonna be like and which team benefits from, excuse me, which team benefits most from a physical series?


The patience benefit. Okay. C Think so bro. Lou dot about to foul. He gonna foul Tyree hallberg so much bro. Like he gonna be so physical with him like he a fucking bowling ball and we gonna be able to touch SGA bro. Well that's why I said if they let it be physical then I think we benefit 'cause then we get some of those touch files that normally would be called a SGA. But You know his whistle's about to be phenomenal. Phenomenal. But if y'all, if they let them play this goes, this is perfectly fit for. Okay see that mean Lou do get the fucking touch Halliburton, pause the whole game and get physical though. They be hurting boys trying to, but they do be hurting boys bro. And Caruso too. You get to, You know what I'm saying, get to push people in the pulse.


He gonna take full advantage. Alright man, Jordan and Superset said do y'all watch U Ffc side note take thunder under Oh Mo taking that 9.5. Is that good money? No, no He said not promo that high Risk. That is. That's too high risk. It is. All right. Mark Coto said black Henny, I'm from Atlanta, how can I try your food? And I remember 2015 Hawks fucks. Listen, I'm glad you asked that bro and appreciate you. But we are not from Atlanta y'all. We live in Indianapolis. This is crazy. This nigga just played and loves Atlanta through through You.


Indianapolis. Atlanta my second home. Matter of fact, Atlanta fuck with us the most though. Yeah, no, no That's love in a No that's why I'm saying like that right there shows like Bro get there so much. That's our what most viewed place. Yeah, yeah, Yeah for sure. So shout out to everybody in Atlanta. Yeah, I love Atlanta man. I got nothing but love for that. It's always love in the city. We love the city but Atlanta from day one has been our highest best market. We appreciate y'all ATLs always love for show. EMD said this is the most pri of the mother convo y'all have had putting highly higher than top 30. It is the easiest way to lose credibility. Talk about basketball. Shout to Jeff having since EMD. Fuck you. He's in the finals so you can't say that. Credibility when they took their team to the finals.


Yeah that doesn't make sense. But like individual basketball player, I'm let it move on. But like individual basketball player. That's crazy. He's in the finals. Tell the most niggas get there. Jamell like y'all said. Oh, Donovan Mitchell bro. Donovan Mitchell. Yeah I I was a little nervous with that one. Y'all. I'm Not first team all NBA bro that was made, he sent you home and went to the playoffs bro. Y'all watched Donvan Mitchell get 40 de 50 points. That's a fat and loss. I love Dovan Mitchell but always do that Bro Bowl always did, Did Utah and them playoffs. Yeah The playoffs every year bro. But he always loses The second round. So, so, so Tracy McGrady, what were the top players that he lost?


He was so what we talking about? He, Because he didn't fucking win Bro. You can't help with you. That's the first round. Some people you Just pull him though bro. And the dress bro saying and I already, We acknowledge that conversation. The team around him. Any team y'all going off what they did in their career. Put the team around bro. Coach of a team. What's, what's the goal Of the game to win, bro. But You know who a better player than who? Yeah, I didn't say they wasn't. If you played, You know And you're going to pick different too. Yeah they Playing one on one. Yes. Who? You're not pick, you're not picking Tyree Hall Burton over no fucking teammate if they just sitting right There. No I'm not bing. No. Go verify bucket. Talk to him. Verify bucket. No verify bucket. No because you second guess it. He whiling verify not bucket.


Now Tyree Halib bur better. The TMX didn't heard all say that. Hey I've never seen and we see TMX in the fall to a Spur jersey. Go Tyree got there at 26. Let's go, go, go. Oh verify bucket my boy. Mo let's go. USA na. Pull up the clips. Oh my God. Oh. Oh that. That jersey's crazy. Look my boy be, look at my og. Okay. Oh there we go. Move that Jersey got three x What Don? In the 12 A. What? You hooping in what? Hooping in B twelves. Good Feet, jerseys Good feed. Oh yeah, ID dunk you real Quick.


Hey okay. Excuse me. Travel man you don't got that bro. I still got When did that leave you? When did that wind leave you? It didn't leave 25. I still got it. Oh Okay. Boom. Not y'all Andy. So he hit it. Oh I still Got it. Come here Jeff. You know that play We Trying to run the back door? Yeah the back door. A colors a, Oh This my dumb Justin Anderson. Oh he call it niggas Z. There we go about to see, look at D.


Okay. Deshaun Thomas out there getting a highlight. Real buckets. Okay. Soft step. He still shoot that shot. He don't got that one no more though. The float. No more floats. No more floats. Ready? Oh Hesi. Oh. Lay something all down. Oh two Hezie bow. You really used to pass back in the Day? Yeah, I, I say I did not remember. That's a Different nigga. I did not remember these highlights. That's who Cal thought he recruited until he got, He like he's a pass first guard.


I never passed. Cool. That is after dropping Disney. See that's who Ka thought he recruited. I'm sorry Ka. You play in your face bro. That's crazy. Nigga could drop it down. No for real you look like a a pure point out. That ain't the max prep though. We gonna have to get the max in here one day. Hey caught a body at To dusty. Them jerseys big as fuck. Yeah, three x you had Jeff in them jerseys.


Look at that nigga neck on that Daniel Verified verified bucket boo. Come on, get well soon. Feel me. Let's get for Jeff all. Dang what happened? Get well soon. Oh man. You gotta give up something for Jeff. Nah, That nigga had to get, That's the game.


Oh man, look at his feet. Oh my god. That right. Oh I knew what was about to happen. I know the weak crosses Coming. Yeah, like look at Joe Artistic Joe was crowd serving. Oh my God. Oh man, y'all are crazy man. Y'all funny as hell.


Shout to Boost Mobile man. Tap in $25 unlimited 5G Nationwide. How many for the first three 15 months? I mean, no, not 15 months. That's, that's Cricket 15. Oh shit. The volume.


Okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself.


This is an iHeart podcast.