
This is an iHeart podcast


Taking over the helm of NBC Nightly News. A 75-year-old broadcast, it's a great responsibility. Good evening, I'm Tom Yamas. You have to go out there to bring people at home closer to the store. Wildfires continue to be a threat. With that massive hurricane comes the massive response. The best reporters in our business know how to listen. And when you listen, you get the truth for NBC News. For NBC News. For NBC News, I'm Tom Yamas. That's what we do every night. NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree change of forklift for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and one the old sent back and degree listen. And that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes and per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it or in this case when I taste it. Tito's Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, it's a perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour You should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like General Mills, cereal, drumstick, frozen treats, outshine fruit bars, Oreo cookies and Capri sun pouches. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions supply. Visit safeway.com for more details,


The volume. Good morning, happy Monday's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a full house this morning man. We got Bishop, we got move. We got T. We got Lou Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? Standing bro.


The show Goes on For sure. Man. You know what it is brought to you by Boost Mobile ninety nine ninety nine tap in iPhone 1548 Makeup pistol camera. That is the new promo. So tap in man. Get ready because it's about to be lit man.


This NBA off season was going to be crazy. It is game five tonight. You know it's more important the trade took place yesterday, man. Crazy, crazy trade between the grizzlies and the magic yesterday. Man. You got Disney man headed down to Orlando for KCP, Cole, Anthony and four unprotected. First round pick and a pick swap. Fellas, how y'all feel about that? I'm only got One. Yeah, I'm gonna let y'all go. I got, I feel good about it. I feel Like it was a lot of picks but yeah, Desmond Bain is cold bro. Most definitely. He going to help them a lot and we kind of been saying that's what they needed bro. He guaranteed dub. I don't know bro. It might, it might be all right. And the warrior of one of the best football decisions in a long time and a lot of GMs around the league f them picks because You know why?


Who cares? You know you Never know what they gonna turn into either. And you gotta think they had to get off that Contavious Calwell trade. I mean money that signing 'cause he no, I like KCP Cool dude. But he was, he wasn't good. Yeah and Cole Anthony, he's kind of been a, he's been a good player for them but they just wasn't using him. Right. It was time to get off that money. They extended Cole Anthony and then they paid KCP all that money. Yeah. And to be able to get off them contracts. So now you had to give up them first round picks. Yep. But if you really look at it how young this team is, you still got Anthony Black on the bench. Yes sir. People that you have got in a first round super high, you gotta give them people a chance and just add more young guys to that roster really wasn't gonna help them.


Like they need some more veteran pieces 'cause they, they top five players really? They all under 27. Yeah. So you gonna have them for another solid four or five years. Yeah. Them picks really ain't gonna matter. You gonna be needing to surrounded with veteran players to be honest. Most definitely man. And my first thought about it was like you said everybody was like oh four first round picks. Okay so what? Look at all your players you have underage also in that situation. You got two killers in Franz and poll. If at some point you feel like you need to move on from one of them, you gonna get all them picks right back. Yeah. You gonna be able to get some of them picks back but you gotta, I think they still get a pick what in 2027. So they still get a chance to draft somebody. But you got Jet Howard that ain't touched the court. You still got Caleb Houston young guys who capable but for the magic most of their, for me I guess their picks would be kind of bad picks, You know what I'm saying?


Because I'm I'm assuming they think they're gonna be a really good team. Yeah. Yeah. So getting somebody at 26, 28, 29, it really don't matter. Yeah because most of the value gonna be in the second round now like that's gonna really help this team. It's gonna be second round picks. They gonna be cheap money but it's gonna be super veteran college players that was in college for four or five years that can actually hoop and come contribute when you get about somebody in 28, 27 you gotta pay 'em guaranteed money and they the same as the second round pick. So it really don't matter if they team gonna be what they team gonna be Now if this team come out and they terrible and they ass and it's gonna look like a crazy ass trade. I don't see them being Ass. I don't either. I don't either. I think they're too well coached.


Mond bang he's cold though. Yeah he is. He's Proven he's gonna get you 20. He's Cold. Yeah they guaranteed though. That's crazy that Gary is a OG on this team. Shouts my dog g Harrison og. They gonna need more players like him. Like they gonna need a Trey Lyes or somebody like that that you can come in and fit this group. Yeah, uptown. But what I like about this team now is that people like they don't have a playmaking guard. Well Anthony Black he was what the six seven pick? Yeah he better figure it out. He better figure it out. Yeah like it it is time they they basically telling you you up next. Yeah right. Jalen Suggs is like, this reminds me of the the Celtics team kind of not the same scoring, not the same shooting but like Jalen Sugg is a defender.


Right. But he gets you 16 points a game. He is a defender. Solid defender good on ball. Scrappy player plays hard. Then you got your two stars Franz and PB five. They don't need a traditional point guard because PB five and Franz play with the ball. Yep. So they need a space. Yeah they need spacers and one thing Desmond bang can do, you can shoot that rock shoot that peel. So him being able to space the floor and they're big can space the floor too. Dude from Duke, what's his name? Wendell Carter? Yeah he can make a shot now. He worked on his game, he could make a shot. So I mean I think they got the formula. I like that. Or a good team they gonna be able to switch one through four easy. Yeah it's gonna be, it is gonna be interesting man.


Listen, before injuries killed that team this year they was on pace to be a top 14. They was killing shit. Now you getting Disney bang the one thing that they needed floor space and he's a solid defender as well. Good role player. Yeah they gonna be a tough team to deal with going forward. The east is gonna be wide open next year for sure. So what Is Memphis doing? Are they blowing their team up? Like what? What they About to do? I think Memphis put themselves in a position to either like you said blow that team up or they could go get another really good player. They could make another big move without a four first round picks as well. You got a little bit of cap space too. We seen rumors in them possibly moving on from Triple J. So imagine if you got Ja and no other big contracts on the team, you can really build your team. I just don't know who you gonna trade for somebody like Triple J though.


Like we nobody Slack for his rebounding but I don't see them giving him the more you gonna get. Yeah, yeah it is over. I agree. I think it the reason is is payday time. Right. That might be the cause. Yeah it is the Luca situation. They League Really like this dude. They like man well we gonna pay this dude to beat mediocre or am I gonna get him a max deal to beat mediocre or A 22 and five. I mean he nice but they like they team. Yeah he allstar they gonna be mediocre. Like it's kind of like do we do we go the pacer route? Like I think that's what everybody's looking at. Like we should just go to pacer route. Let's get a whole bunch of second round picks underused players see if we can make a team out of it.


Yeah. Yeah Because the Pacers don't pay nobody. They don't. Yeah they pay AKA and Tyrese wait To mess the league go Pacers. Yeah So they like maybe you can Pace just got blessed though bro. It's gonna be hard to duplicate that. It is but people Gonna be trying, they trying, they gonna try League bro. But everybody got Kevin Pritcher but they gonna try, they they kind of doing it in a way like if they can get off KC contract, somebody was to take it. They Got Ja Marin, they got JA and Triple J and they just put like insert wells and a couple of them other guys. Yeah they just gotta get off the KCP contract. They get off their contract. They literally doing it. Yeah. And I was hollering about people from the Grizzlies yesterday.


They're really hollering Jaylen Wells. Yeah. So they, they feel confident that he could possibly, You know what I'm saying, come to replace Bain's contributions. I mean Bain was really, really good but You know what I'm saying, they feel confident their young pieces for sure. I think if they, he nice they partner KCPO with a first round pick they probably can get him off of him. Oh yeah. Yeah. They probably get off of him. They wanna get off that money. That's why out real quick, how y'all feel about a potential them taking him four picks and somebody else and say hey we need Tre Murphy You or Hey we need Zion. Damn. Damn boy you ain't trying to win. Yeah you got Trey, you trying to Trey triple D, you can't have Zion in Triple J.


Yeah I but Trey Murphy will be a good fit for their squad. It's some big money Man that's a lot of money. I it's A lot of money I like, like DJ bitch. I like Trey Murphy with the pictures though. Absolutely. Yeah. Nah that's too much money. Yeah, we can't afford him. We would have to decimate our roster to get him 'cause it's Okay. Too much money. But I see where you're Going with it. I like the energy. He fit, He fit perfectly for them. I like the energy for sure. I like, I like OB topping better with the Pacers than Trey Murphy. I mean Yeah I like because you getting him for literally half the price. Yeah You get him for dirt cheap. But if we just talking basketball, Trey Murphy would be silly bro with the Pacers. Yeah. Pause his size at three in our team next to aka.


That'd be tough. Yeah. All right man let's hop in super chat with it. Hee said T they couldn't have got Reon for that though. Nah they couldn't. The Hawks wouldn't have traded Cota, Caldwell, Pope and Cole Anthony not for Reon. Nah we need, the thing is they would've put Triple J or somebody else in it then whoever it was. Yeah. I mean I don't know who the magic was gonna trade. They would've put, they was gonna put Frans in. They was gonna have to give us something. Yeah. We wasn't taking that. We wasn't taking Coldwell Pope. They was gonna have to give us a player we could build around. I was saying so many people just like why couldn't they go get Mello? Why couldn't they go get Trey Young? I said imagine if they would've called him and said we got four first round picks for y'all.


No 'cause they got that for De Bain them two. You gonna have to give up a whole lot to get two franchise point guards. Give one of them guys. You gonna have to give up one of your guys. Now if they would've gave up Franz and them picks, I'm sure we would've took it or definitely PPP five we would've. Oh we would've that straight up probably. No, never gonna do. No that was never option. Yeah they they would've took that straight up but they wasn't gonna get a franchise point guard. Yeah for you don't have, you're not giving us nothing to build our franchise off of. And that's another point people are missing this Orlando situation. Yeah they can swing like this because they're one of the few franchises who know they have a franchise player for the next eight years. Yeah. Yeah. He can probably be a magic for life if he wants to. Unless he just wants to leave.


Yeah, for sure. Alright do Smith ended the super chat said no way. And God's green Earth is ba worth four picks Pope and Cole. Those short T-Rex pit bull arms n word have to come to a hall of famer to be justified. I don't really see why not Bro. Well them picks don't matter. Them picks don't matter. That team gonna be good and they going be pick 28. The Orlando magic is picking at 29 and that 29 pick is not gonna be used as Long as they stay healthy man they destroy Now they lose and it's a bad team and that pick become the number three pick Niggas get injured again. Bro that shit could happen. I don't wish that but it could. It could get right If you just look at it bro. That's a Good trait. Yeah bro, they planning to be a good team and that them picks are gonna be 28 and 29.


They gonna be able to get that same player in the second round. Yeah, I just brought in 20 a night bro. Come on man. It did. And that young, if it worked out that could be a top three or four seed to Eastman. No problem. Yeah, no problem bro. And for years to come like going forward, the oldest player that's in that line will 26, 27 and it was Wendell Carter and he is replaceable and that, I mean outta all of 'em, he's the most replaceable. Ben Carroll's 22 and Fran is 23. Yeah they give money for the next seven years if they want to be You got them to at least 28. Nah, them first round picks ain't talking about nothing. Yeah You smooth. I like the aggression. They already got the coach they want. They already got the balls.


I I know what I know what they was thinking like man we gonna be good. Like think about all them years Boston being good. Look at they first round picks bro. They been 30, the only one that really play is Prichard. Yeah. Other than that, the rest of them not seeing the floor. That's facts. Next year they will 'cause everybody hurt. I mean it's JT out but they wasn't about to get in on the floor no time soon. No for sure. I agree. Shit. And if Kimba Walker wouldn't hurt, Pritchard would've never played Like if Kimba didn't have, You know what I mean? Yeah For sure. Alright. Seven and Ma in the super chase says how y'all feel about Tre on to the Rockets for Jalen Green, Reid Shepherd and Jabari Smith.


Come on man. What, what we doing? I don't what we doing. Why? Why y'all making that trade? That's that's, that's a lot of people too. That's a lot of people but shit that that press play Oh mean. Nah we get that done. But what I'm saying is that's A first play A but I'm saying like why would, why would y'all want like who's they player then? Tre Young Saint Gun pick and roll is that's gonna for your family. That's with with Thompson Twin that's I'm rolling that That'd be cool but it wouldn't Like that's gonna be the same team y already got. They don't do nothing. Nah, y'all telling me can't win. If KD coming to the Rockets too then now we talking different that Trey better be veto. No that would've been a little bit better not Trey and K can go to the same team.


Nah it would've been a Little bit better bro. They wouldn't have been crazy. They wouldn't even be better. You losing, you losing because Trey Young would be more consistent than Jalen Green. Yes they would be better bro. No bro. A Little bit though not like That'll be better bro. Wouldn't be no big difference. Yeah I think yo your most Tre Young is a game changer. They just lost they, you just lost your scoring two guard. Who you replacing with that Trey Young gonna come in to score All bro. What you gonna so Van Lee gone? Yeah. So who at the two? He lost your other point guard re she gone. Is that just in the Tre? Nah but he got, van Lee can't be there if Tre Young there. Yeah he due from another bag. So what we going, he on sound To Fred Hook It. He kind of in The, he on a coach.


What you call that? Not a player option. He got a team option. So I'm imagine if they got Troy Young, that team option is beat up. He's out there. Yeah So they y'all saying they mid Yeah they They'd be decent bro. Yeah they Somebody to fill in at the two bro. They would be cool. They, I think they'd be cool for sure. They wouldn't be a number two seed. Yeah It'd be cool. It'd be four or five, six Nigga. Man I'm being for real 'cause you taking, you gone From two to six. You removing defense losing Van Fleet and Jalen Green both was playing defense. That's cool. But we still got Dylan Brooks and Thompson twin. But I'm saying you removing another defensive player like you gotta understand Trey Young is effective with the ball in his hand. Bar Smith was decent.


Like I he was, I liked Jabari. Yeah but he gotta have a ball in his hand. Van Fleet was letting Thompson twin and all them get the ball and do all that stuff. Like you don't want Trey Young just sitting there Tre Young dynamic in the pick and roll and he make other people's better that pick and roll with him And Sagun ain't gonna be that. It ain't gonna be that elite because S gun ain't a live threat. True Trey's game or he not like a pick and pop three guy. He can make a three here and there but he an in between post up kind of player. Okay. That ain't nothing you build around with Trey Young. You need live threats or a spacer. I got you. You say he is more I got you. That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah they probably would be. They got the better talent with Tray Young being there but the dynamic is gone and KU Twin.


Yeah for sure. Good question though. Alright man Omo Jason the super Chad says love Teague forever on this side. Patience in six FO KC. I feel you game. Let's get this dub tonight. Thanks first team All defense. Gary said with new reports that Giannis may stay another year. Stephen Nate said he'll be an underachiever if he does and doesn't win again. Well he on with him man. Yeah, Stephen a is wilding because he has a chip in Milwaukee and he don't have to do nothing else ever. There again he don't gotta do nothing the rest of his career he hall of Fame, Fame hall of Fame top 75. One of the best ever played Actually make him even colder if he stay in Milwaukee. Chill out. Steven and I Boys just get tired and just start saying anything.


I know I'd be whiling sometimes just to piss off but when we talking real shit, that man honest is stink. Underachieving is crazy. Summertime boy about to skip get real skimpy for content boy about get real skimpy for that content. All that Cordell music in the super chat said Triple J only had six games out of 82 getting to rebounds Grizz he need to make that an incentive. If he went that max he got to average at least eight. That is funny. That's A fact though bro. You have to get Me some, You know how I feel about this league But he he a four Though. Oh They got, They got big Zack, Edie bro you four, You can't gimme four rebounds bro. I need eight to To 10 20, 22 and five is Desmond Bain's St Bro.


Oh God it is. You want 300 real hundred. How Think You it's quiet bro. You 22 and nine. Hmm You seven foot bro. You can do it And you always down there. That's my thing. Nah, he'd be on a perimeter. He calling the frame. He does bro. But down You're down there too much bro. For you to only get four, He gotta understand He be, he be switching on ball screens and stuff. Yeah he guard the ball. He be guarding a guard, he guard the ball. You not gonna get rebound rebounds bro. So I do understand it. But You're saying but I mean he capable of getting eight rebounds but for Sure bro. Yeah we not asking you to get 12 or 10. Let's Way ask you to rebound like robbing bro.


But The thing he plays amazing defense. The thing I can't, I can't criticize I, I understand he can get more rebounds but then he be having, he damn near average with steal like any damn average. He don't really need you stealing a ball. But that's just his abilities. Like we need you. They need him bad bro. He A-D-P-O-Y candidate for Sure. Playing like a point guard bro. He do a lot for that Team and a steal And a block though we need, We need eight, nine. And I understand basketball. I get it. What y'all saying and how y'all break it down bro but I, I'm sure his coaches are saying bro get some more boards bro if you can bro. Yeah of course. Like, Like I fuck with how y'all break the game down If you can. But I know for sure one of them are telling him my my boy We need that hit the Glass bro.


But we you got, you gotta go look at that team. We gotta see if he got a rebounding and they might have a good rebounding wing and obviously they play with a too big so they center probably a good rebound but they might have a good rebounding wing. I don't know they wings like that. Jalen will might be a good rebounder. I don't know. Yeah I know Dylan Brooks used to get boards when he was there. Definitely. Yeah. And Ja go get a rebound too. Get any push. I ain't mad at it. Good. Alright man. Back in the super chat for two more questions. Living in Bremerton Connor. Oh yeah real estate man. What's happening bro? B he got me in trouble with Angel Reese me bound comment with all the female ballers laughing my ass off. Shout out to her two for seven Triple double. That's hate, that was a tough game to watch.


Both teams shout under 40%. Hey man shout out to Angel Reese Triple double. We gonna talk about it more but hey you win. You win viral this weekend Mr. Rebound. Yeah I know. Shout out to Angel Reese you became I think moved up to number seven on a triple double list in the WNBA. She only got One Bro. So shes seventh on the list. I think she might have three Man you ask her first. That was her first one bro. I know her and Cece the only players with Triple W Shit. I see. I trying to show some. Well yeah she's seventh all time so shout out to you for moving. She Youngest to second youngest. You The second to Shout to Angel Reese out to that. Alright man Brenda bro Fo says some of y'all niggas in the chat will be a worst G than Jordan.


That is a fact. I be seeing some of y'all trade rumors and they be disgusting. Peter Jones and Super Chat said just showing love. Shout to you Peter, appreciate your game. My Peter showing love and then Nemo Ho said appreciate y'all making a last power on the grape. I should bearable gotta grab more him bound. Stay blessed Spurs Nation kd. Shout to you bro. Don't get in trouble at work man. And they Said KD Castle gotta come off that squad. Nothing. You know what the Spurs said? Spurs. Spurs Hung. We fucking playing on my phone. Texas hung Spurs hung up. Yeah Spurs hung up. DD Speaking to kd. We see some of the teams that he is River to go to. They said it's his quote unquote preferred destination of teams Spurs He in Rockets.


And also the, he talking about, we not trying to think aware. They said all right cool, get off my phone. Like at some point somebody gonna have to make a decision or the Sun's gonna be just, You know, back against the wall and gonna have to take what they can get. Ah, that's what they doing. Punk. The Yo you could punk Phoenix bro. Facts. You could punk Them. Yeah, everybody just applying pressure to Phoenix like boy y'all can't run that team back. You can keep asking For whatever they want. Not giving up Castle. I got Deer Fox without giving them s bro. Crazy. Think I'm about to give up Bill KD 40 year kd 40 Slim. Y'all called back later bro. Hey this first like Steven Jackson. See what I just got last week.


The sons are pissed. There's nothing that they don't hold no cards. None Bro at all. Hey I love it Brad be says stop playing, hit my alive. I'll let y'all know if I'm getting traded or not. They Say we a hundred percent don't want you on this team. He still on the team. Yeah. He Like, that's cool. Devin Booker says he, he just, he just redid some stuff to his house. Yes. He just got some new furniture In bro. We don't care what they say bro. Don't remodeling in the storm is crazy. Nah bro, it's never a storm. I, I've never, I've never in fear about, Bro, I'm never in fear of moving. What I'm good about Deon Booker's room to get a two year $150 million extension bro.


Jesus Christ. Yeah. And Katie is like, I'm not gonna be here by draft days. So keep playing if y'all want to. Alright. All jokes aside. The who y'all see him on though? What team? Like to see him on Spurs? Man, spurs Over the rockets. If I'm the, I mean I'm not mad if the Rockets go get kd. I'm about to say either one. Really? But I like this first. I just don't see who, who they can trade on the rockets. I mean you could probably get rid of, they just resigned Steven Adams, I don't know who else he gonna trade. Whitmore Cam and Dylan Brooks Throw Jabari in that hall. They want a big Phoenix. Want a big So you gonna have to probably throw Jabari in there.


Jabari Jabari Can go And Cam Whitmore and re shepherd maybe. Yeah I can go because y'all Solid. I I don't think I want Trey Ree Shepherd though. I think he got a bright future but he do. They'll probably take picks. I think the Rocket's gonna have to come off some picks because the suns have no draft capital bro. So you can probably get off with two players and some picks. Reed got a future but if They can can get kd they got a good chance bro. You got a whip, That's Fine. And you gonna have to pay KD as well. Too Hard to win a chip bro. If you get a chance you might have to just pull that trigger Bro. Mm. KD got three years left any bro, it's worth it. It's worth It. You got three years. KD can play for three years. KD like 36, 37 he got 40. But if I'm KD I probably wanna go to the Spurs.


I mean the Rockets are solid but bro the Spurs have a generational talent that's gonna make my life much easier. And Deer Fox's not up to you though right now. Yeah, Well it is 'cause he gonna sign an extension. So if you gonna trade and not, You know what I'm saying, you gonna play with that for a rental basically. That's cool. But I, I think he's just pushing to get the fuck up out of there. Oh it's hard. It is, it is. Figure out who got the best. He ain't getting into the, he ain't getting into the Spur. You don't think so? They gonna want Castle bro. Ain't not Trade already Said it bro. Stop playing bro. Or But they got, they, I got a lottery pick. I, You know what I'm saying, tap in. I got players and lottery pick y'all won't do. I do got that but I'm Not giving one of my lottery. Pick what? Pick Miami got 14 bro. Bro you have two and 14.


I Can have 14. All right. I have What pick Miami got. Damn. Yeah that ain't gonna, yeah I don't want that 20th pick. Ain't gonna, I don't want that. I give Y'all 14 bro. 20th pick ain't gonna get I'll For sure give you 14. 14 Viel Kel Johnson, let's get it. Yeah. Or Sohan, whatever his name is Jeremy so Yeah, y'all can have him too. I can have him because then we can clear a little bit more space and go get another player. Start Your team with this bro. Fuck We might be able to get him in Atlanta. What pick we got 13. It's Quiet brother. You gonna give a click Capella Sign Andre clink Capella. Alright we get Dyson Daniels we, You know the son love too guard so They'll take Dyson for sure.


I don't like that Kik. We need Dyson. Daniels for sure. Dyson nigga. He probably give a George Ne. Yeah he gonna have to Please. George had to go, had to make sure he check my roster. Right. If, if it's not Jaylen Johnson or Trey Young, get off my phone George start My phone. Call George the 13. The 13 pick Shout G 13 pick Vert and young Zachary. Young Zacharia. Yeah. Nah. Okay bro we can't give up. He promising. Yeah you Can't give up him Bro. Nah, we can give up. He too young bro. Yeah, he too promising. Nah, we got Jaylen Johnson. Alright 'cause if y'all tell me that I gotta take Terrance man, I'm hanging up the phone.


Yeah. Never got take at 13 pick. That's not bad T Man we gonna Move on T man. Who? Nah, I ain't mad at T man at all. But shit they, they love two guards of Phoenix might throw big O in there man. You know he our starting center Big O we have to figure it out. Yeah All man keep the Africa. I like Big O Tay Clint man. Man we don't got enough to trade for KD man. We're fucking done With the 20th peak. We're done. Y'all gonna keep that one for show.


The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance that we can play some bets on these games man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA. For sure. We ready to tap in man, what you got for me That five to get $300 in bonus bets, Man $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins man I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm gonna use that bonus be to put it in for my Indiana Pacers. We going to get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time bets on DraftKings $5. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Don't Miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings put in promo code club five 20. That's again promo code Club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me but hey you bit that $5 and you get $300 back on that. Bonus bets for show only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Hey so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool RU sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay, I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real care. Attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years, so I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing. Easy. Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games. A perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up. We thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited. Premium wireless. Happy to get 30. 30. Bid to get 30. Bid to get 20. 2020. Bid. To get 2020. Bid to get 1515. 1515. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to $15 per month required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks taxes and fees. Extra siemen mobile.com.


Alright man in is super check again. CJ Swizz said if the Spurs get K and keep number two pick, who would you draft it to to complete that starting five. But they, if they really want KD though, they could trade Castle and just pick draft Dylan Harper at two. I see it. It kind of similar. I get it. Yeah I but You know what, what you getting with Castle? Literally about to say that. Literally about to say that. But if you really want 'em, you can trade the two pick and that when they say the two pick is above for kd, all everything else out the window. I don't like that bro. Why? Because he 37 bro. You already got your promising guy. You got Castle, you got two got Wendy, you got two pick and you got Fox.


Got be a Fox bro. Bro. Okay. I mean yeah why? What if, but what if Dylan Harper turned out to be an All star and you drafted me your franchise? I mean that's the what happens. He ain't gonna be there with them. You don't think so? No. Oh he can't be Allstar right now? Not now. I'm saying glue guy. If then three years he becomes a person. You be like all gonna be in Fox. It's three years. He not gonna be that. Oh damn. Because he not with that group. He not gonna have the chance bro. It's gonna be like Ka Leonard. He Playing with Wendy. Yeah It is like Kawa and Fox. We didn't know Kawa. We knew Kakowa was good but we ain't know he was 25 a night. Yeah He was a blue guy.


So if They keep two should they trade down? Maybe Tre back and get somebody else. I mean I'm not mad at ever having a two pick. You can get a quality player. But I'm just saying Kevin Durant is Kevin Durant. Yeah, he and if you on a, they want to win like You know if y'all trying to win in three years. Alright Kevin Durant like y'all already got fire Young Pieces. Y'all got Wendy bro. He is 21. Whatever he is, you got Castle is whoever he gonna be. Y'all already got, y'all love him. Y'all said don't y'all hung up the phone about Kevin Durant. Y'all love him? Yeah, he's a guard. I agree bro. I mean I know the two pick is super valuable and I think Dylan Harper's gonna be a hell of a player. What?


But it's like is he gonna be that player with them? Yeah. This ain't Zion and You know, shit Katie, whoever else was coming To. Yeah, I mean if I had Cooper flag then I don't understand. Yeah, Give up the pick. So give up the pick get Katie. I don't know but I would for three to guarantee three years I would Do y'all love Dion Fox is the question? Yes. I mean we know what he going do. Yeah but do they love him? Yeah, that's the question. They love him. They went and got him. Yeah, but do they really love him? They went and got him 'cause they ain't have to give up nothing to get him. Yeah but that was a no consequence. Do y'all love him enough to give up the two pick? 'cause that's really what it is. 'cause y'all gotta give him an extension. They Love you. I know for a fact that Dion Fox is better than Dylan Hall. I know that too. So Yeah, they should love him.


They love Him and Love. But you gotta give him an extension now. 'cause the reason he left Sacramento, you wanna win Or not. The reason Ain't the reason he got Tre from Sacramento 'cause he won sign the extensions. So that mean the extension falls. That mean the extension. The extension Not Toro. Sparks The extension must be coming up for Dion Fox. And if you give him a, I'm assuming he gonna get a four year extension. That mean for four years Dylan Brooks is not gonna be your starting guy. Damn. That means Stefan and Castle. Dylan Harper. Yeah. Well Dylan Harper I mean yeah Dylan Harper not gonna be your starting guy 'cause you just gave Fox that and it's hard to trade max contracts bro.


That Is true. They got some decisions to make for sure. But I feel like you get Darren Fox for that four years. Katie. He got about three left That that equal up bro. They can win. They can win in the next two to three Years bro. And then you hand the keys over the castle. Yeah. And you start the rebuild same way you did with Aste Murray. You know then like Yeah cool. Alright Man it's gonna And you still get to keep all them other dudes. Yeah. Cyron and have aas show The type of people you need. Yeah. On a, you might have to, Vail might be able to stay. I don't know. He might. You probably have to give him up because he make a lot of money but Yeah he Can go. Yeah. Yeah, go ahead and get outta here for sure.


All right man. Lot of questions in Super Chat. Let's get through these before we get to some more action. Wayne Junior said I'm a grid man, a love bit trade. I'm gonna miss bang, but we gonna flip them picks and we get the suns 2026 picks. Sun's gonna suck so it'll be high also. But I hate Jaron. LOL. He can't rebound. Yeah that son's pick is going to be gold. Yes, it's going to be gold for y'all. So hey y'all might have a sneaky rebuild in a way. But I think they gonna flip the picks too. I don't know who but You know what's gonna be crazy. Sun's gonna have a quality year and be like that's what's gonna be funny. I know it is. Sun's gonna have like the 16th pick. Nigga's gonna be like fuck Be Mad. Thought we was getting a top three pick. Hey man thought we was gonna be in the running for aj. They Gotta rig it again bro. They gotta rig it again for the sons bro.


What about but AJ Desa go there for the sons. They either, they probably won't do from Kansas though Darren, but we already got B booked. True For sure. True. Alright Jay Indigo said are y'all gonna have more pro wrestl interviews in the future? By the way, shout out to y'all. Y'all are cure for depression. Shout out to you Men's Mental Health Month. Take care of yourself brother. Yes, we love wwe. We will definitely tap in man. Yeah, for sure. We wanna interview some of the OGs, some of our favorite wrestlers growing up. Ah yeah man we got some dope stuff playing on the way. Stay tuned. Jamon Walker said y'all think Katie should request to include a Bobo to take him under his wing wherever he go? No, only Shaq is Bobos because Advocate, shout to him.


Bobo. Yeah bro. I gotta do what I gotta do. I'm a grown man bro. Man, Shout him out. Hey man, before we this game five, shout out to the big three man. We gotta keep out updated. Wrote a clip. They was wild in first weekend man. Hectic out there hell Of a month for Lance Stephenson So far they got the tussling in the big three. Listen With some body shots. Who he tussle with? The white higher boy. He strong? Yeah. Yeah That IEP kicked in. Shit, He tried to throw him twice and nah it didn't happen. Nah, he shot some upper S at Him.


Who did? Dwight hair, couple body shots. Yeah I mic try that nigga land strong. He is strong. That was crazy Man. They was picking on Dwight the whole game though. He probably didn't think that Big three was gonna be like that. Shout to JC that he got that boo JC was wilding Picked his nose. Oh boy. Strong too. What that head being Reggie Evans? I mean yeah I met him in Boston. Oh Reggie. Reggie put his finger in his nose. Reggie Evans showed a lot of that. Shout To my dog. Jc shout to JC now Reggie cleared j Cincinnati beef his Fingers on Earth. Yeah. Yeah That's that Xavier Cincinnati beef. Nah man they was wilding man.


That is crazy that he stuck his Finger up his nose like he was tripping. Yeah, we gotta talk to Jesse about that. But he put, he put the ball in his chest though. He did hard Too. He did. He started that shit. Yeah. You have some good ain digging a nigga. No He He hit his figure like this. Usually when you point you like this, he had that motherfucker right there. I said that nigga anchor into the Motherfucker. Yeah my boy pierced his nose with the beat pitcher. That was crazy. Yeah. Oh man let's get to the scores please. Gimme that motherfucking booger did. That was wild man. That was wild. The riot man. First weekend teams historic game. What?


Get injected in the big three bro. Hey man, they had cube over there sweating boy. It was was the whole night bro. It was going down the whole night. Yeah the energy was out of pocket man. LAY lose. They first gave me the big three man. 50 to 44 to the Miami 3 0 5. Mike Beasley Hooped out. He had 21 and nine. Lance had 16 before he was ejected. JC five 20 alumni had 19 and Dwight head 10 to seven. Yeah. Crazy, crazy game man. JC was hooping though. Nah for sure. The first half he was getting to it. I thought they was going, thought they was gonna win For sure. Alright man the Detroit IFPs took care of the triplets. Joe Johnson going crazy. Wrote a clip cold 30 p something slight Slow. Started off slow went crazy.


Excuse me. Oh is that my boy? Amirs that? Yeah, Montrez Har. Gimme that. Hey You know what that is Minty. Jason Richardson. Yeah everybody get a bucket. You get a bucket. It was fucking Montre up Christmas tree Putting treads in the post is crazy Bro. He was hooping on everybody was on 2K 14 going crazy Joe. It's probably bigger than him. Yeah, Amir was so tired. Good. Goodbye. Oh yeah, we getting to my spot. Y'all know what it is. So hey My man had 30. He too good bro. In the big three game. You Know the fifth. And he missed like his first seven shots bro.


He was letting that motherfucker fly and He said yeah, quit telling me that Mike Bezy wanna see me. Yeah, it's Christmas for sure. Tres Hill had 18. Shout To N zero too. N zero. He had a good game. Oh yeah He was. He had 17 as well. Shout to Joe Johnson. Man killed out art man. The Houston Rick hands took care of the DNB trilogy. 50 to 46. Man stag Jack did not like what happened after the game. Man live in the locker room. Somebody fight. Want somebody grab S me bitch I'm not these niggas. How You know what's crazy? Shout out to another Fox alumni.


Mad Max. That's his assistant coach. Yeah, they should not be a coach staff. Yeah that was the big three business allowed it to be Together. Oh shit, I didn't know it was gonna be like this Man Max. I called Calm down now. Goddamn motherfucker. Damn shit. Goddamn motherfucker my fault. But he do be cussing like that and he set the record in f Bobs in five 20. History man. Yeah he said these guys dang gang mother F, mother F, mother FI said dang this show is not getting air. Beep Beep, beep. Crazy. But shout out to Eric Clark. He had 19. Come on Frank Needy had 14, the Cory Brewer had 17 and 12. The Dallas Power took care of the Boston Ball Hogs. Glen Rice Jr. Balled out with 23 and eight. Shout out to Moose man.


Greg Monroe had 16. Chris Johnson had 23 and seven and Jonathan Simmons had 19 and six. Alright man. Boston Ball Hogs. That's a hell of a man. Yeah, that's a nasty name man. Shout to the big three man. Y'all, y'all started off the weekend. Y'all started out season. Crazy appreciate y'all. Y'all got people gonna be locked in next week. They ready to. Their advice. What? I said bro, it's gonna be like hockey. That's what they thinking. Y'all giving us hockey vibes. I roll with that. They Got fight. Mike Bey said we turned all these niggas into a TL Strippers. He's a sick Boy. He said boy. Yeah. What do you mean by that? Everybody Play. We turn y'all into a TL Strippers Magic City everywhere we go. All cool. Hoodie on.


I had to, I had to miss that week we had to go judging About how this season starting off. We gonna set you out for the season Coach's decision. Decision you're done Off Bro. Yeah, that's about Right. That's that's too much man. Shout out to the big three though man. Y'all stopped stretching Cube out. He was over there shaking. I said damn from start to finish, You know the big three long bro. Yeah everybody was about to be bumping Everybody Bro. That was crazy. All man. Game five tonight man. OKC. How we feeling Mo? Hey that's, You know how crazy this is that we had to start the show off with something different. That's how much people don't care about the series.


Oh no I seen, we Talked about the big three before. He Said he said the final shit and said that Desmond bang Tre was bigger than the finals Bro. And it was a fact. And That's a fact bro. That's crazy. That is Nuts. Y'all bring the energy back. Bring it back fellas. Hey listen I'm just praying for a winner. I ain't gonna lie. I really forgot to, You know what I mean? I ain't even playing bro. For real. That's why I said that's the only thing bad about the finals is that it's not every other day. 'cause your anticipation for it don't really be. Yeah It ain't bro because I fell asleep last game. I did bro. That's crazy. And You know what's really disappointing? I wish that this would've been on Father's Day. I know the schedule's a little bit different but A NBA finals game on Father's Day would've been fire.


Now we have a finals game on Monday night. Give Us Sunday Bro. Come on man. Sunday we can chill. We can barbecue bro. Yeah boy. Not really. Fuck Boys on them teams that boys are fathers on them teams man. Let them have they day man. Nah bro. Christmas. Yeah if you about Christmas nobody care about Fathers Day Care about Father. I ain't see no commercial Father. Who bro. They already water it down. You ain't see no commercials yesterday. We don't care Bro. Hey Hoop on Martin Luther King Day bro. Fathers Day get to work bro. Speaking of Fathers Day, I hope everybody got their gift That that wonderful wallet we got on the desk right there. Come on man. Shout out to Ridge man. I hope they took care of you. They didn't man ain't too late. Tap in. You know the vibes for show. Hope some of my dogs got took off child support too today. Man, They did shout out to, they upped it.


It they upped it in. I'm gonna tell you right now. That's that's a hell of a f. They get somebody take you off that paperwork If you didn't get off that paperwork, use the promo club Club five 20 for your wallet because City building because your card is definitely getting charged and you don't need nobody to swipe it. It is I if something certified but brother but is Oh brother. But it is not. Stop the feds. If they wants on paper they gonna get through that wallet. Everybody else you good money because I got an IEP so let's, We gotta figure out a way how to finesse child support man. Just pay it.


Just pay it bro. Bro. Take the, give some weeks man. I know how you can finesse it. Take the Anthony Airs wrong paper. I know you could finesse it. Well we talking about what Hit the streets. I had a little message but we might get canceled on the Show. Oh yeah. Back to the game. Oh man. The Pacers Blue game four at the Caribbean. Now they gotta go fight for the lives on the road at KC. Who has more pressure on this game tonight fellas? I'm gonna start with you here. Definitely not us. So Definitely all the pressures on OKC. Okay, talk to me te They don't win here. They lose it. They gonna lose in Indiana. Mm. They gotta win here 'cause it's a little comfort. They win at home.


They up one game. They go back to Indiana Lose. We still get to go back home for game seven. They lose tonight and go back to Indy down three, two. Yeah, that's tough. We celebrating on the streets but they going to the crib. Two two. I'm so comfortable if I'm o KC bro. Two Two. Yeah. It's a brand new series now. But You gotta think about it. You, you Indiana, you don't got nothing to lose. The whole world know y'all supposed to lose game five 'cause y'all going back home. Yeah. Everybody in the world saying y'all smoked it. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all smoked it. Y'all smoked. We ain't, we playing with house money. Really like, shit, we supposed to lose y'all. They going home. They tied the series of, it's supposed to be rocking in there. Yeah, let's go in here and play free. I like, I like that side of it. But I just feel like the Pacers gotta win though bro.


They do because they can come back here and beat they ass bro. They can come back here And win, but you got a better chance of winning back at home if they lose tonight. Pacers got a better chance of winning here. It ain't no pressure. Like we can make it to game seven. We know we can win at the bridge. Yeah, if they lose pretty, if yeah, if they lose. I don't, if KC lose here, KC lose they in trouble. They not gonna win game. They not winning game six bro. Let's going seven bro. Either way, In my opinion, the winner of this game win the series. That's what I'm been think. Yeah. Winner bro. Yeah, pretty much. KC win tonight you can come to Indiana and if you have a bad game, cool. You got going games in after cri. That's cool. Y'all this series is going seven.


You heard it here First. That's cool. But if Indiana win tonight, it is going six. It is over. When they come back here, that crowd going bro. I'm going to the game. Yeah. Yeah. In facts. And I don't even, I don't even care who went. I just know how loud it's about to be Here bro. Yeah. Insane bro. Win Chip, they gonna have the confetti Really up there already. Oh. It's going be we gotta go. They gotta, we gotta watch 'em win the chip bro. That's crazy. I'm just gonna go outside. I'm Stick. No I want go. I'm just saying, I just think it's going. Go Back up. Where Pat Mac shoot, what's that called? Where they shooting? Pat McAfee, the little ice rink area. Oh, outside. Oh yeah, pull up. That's where I'm gonna be at. I'm be lit. Pacer Park for show. Alright man for KC to get the dubs tonight.


What they gotta with you Mo And keep letting SEA elbow people in the face. Damn. Damn bro. Can we get an offensive foul or a travel bro? Oh Bro. I'm cool with it not being to travel but that was an offensive foul I against Knee Smith bro. That was crazy bro. Bro. What are we doing out here bro? That's not basketball bro. You can't guard nobody like that. He got the full advantage. You know I think they don't miss calls against the Pacers too. Stop bro. They probably do bro. But that was was obvious. Go court watch he elbow him in the neck bro. He did Bro. If that was on the other side, y'all would tell motherfuckers to get stronger. No we wouldn't bro. He would. I would not. That's not basketball. Scott Foster was looking at it like this bro, and thought that was cool. That was A critical play bro. We just need fair Officiate. We gassing it.


We need fair officiate bro. Wow. Got shout to Rick Carla. I like who he did, You know what I'm saying? He, You know what man? Scott Foster gets a live flag. He don't deserve I see the play. Yeah I seen it. I seen the play. We, we beg every call tonight or bring the hate back out. Yeah But nah. KC just gotta come in with the energy man. Make, make some shots. They at home bro. They gonna shoot the ball wheel. ISGA just gotta take 'em home. I don't want him to but he gotta take 'em home. It's that time For sure. RAT for the Pacers to get a dub night and kc what they gotta do? They gotta make sure SGAC bodies so they gotta, Hey they be double teamed in the post. I've seen that on one of their coverages. They might as well do that in isolation situations like down the stretch. SGA had the ball, You know he putting it up like he hit that big three last game then like you said the Stepback jumper he had on the sideline.


Y'all might as well just saying too, make him make some decisions. I don't know if Lou Dot and them guys wanna make them shots under that pressure. I don't know. It it's, they haven't showed me that yet. Yeah. And I know Neem hard. I know Tyrese and them make big shots. I haven't seen anybody from OKC really hit some big shots down that stretch. Yeah, I agree. I think also another key for the Patriots is the rotations knee Smith has got us here. He's been playing very well. He's been given a solid defensive effort but Jaylen Williams been killing so if you've been losing that, You know what I'm saying? That one-on-one matchup and like last game, you wanna get us eight points. I know Ben had a terrible, terrible way to end the last game, but we need him. So I think the rotations gotta be a little bit tighter. Like last game we had a seven point lead with Tyrese out.


He was racing. He still sat the bitch. We ain't got time for that bro. It's about time for Tyrese to start playing the whole game, bro. I'm rolling bro. Second half. We need you Ty on court. We a different team bro. I I think they need to have a dynamic Tyrese and TJ Nashville a little more. Yeah. Okay. I know it's tough 'cause one of them got a guard. Somebody like TJ Nash, he gonna give a good enough effort. Like Nihar can stay on the floor with them or whatever. They can play a three guard lineup. But at some point he, he can score. Yeah, he be getting to the paint. He do. He pushed The tempo so much Bro. Yeah, he, I think he could play a little more with Tyrese. Yeah. But shit, who am i? Y Boy Smith gotta stop fouling though.


Yeah, He a hat. He's having a rough serious, I ain't gonna lie. He's having rough, he hacking. He he's a hat bro. Yeah bro. That's what I'm saying. Got elbow niggas bro. Like, because look, get him bro. He he played Hard too. He too, he too aggressive. He Gotta chill a little bit Like that shot that that foul he did on Sha the last one we shot that floater when shot clock ended and he hit him on the arm. It's like why let it go? Yeah. Let him make that tough shot. Yeah, for sure. Miles Turner know he's been ball injury big. Do we need you? Yeah, we we don't have a chance to win these without, and not even from your offense, but we, we need you defensively. Thanks. But I think it's gonna be a really, really good game tonight man. We shall see who wins. Who y'all rolling with OKC. Okay, For sure. Got I I got OKC at home.


Okay. But like you said the winner of this gonna win the series. I think it's gonna be a blowout. Be Tight. If the pace win though, If the pace is win this game, that'll be hard. It's gonna be crazy. That'll be tired bro. I just don't, I they Gonna win this game. Watch. I'm gonna be stupid. Shit just happens for the Pacers bro. They gonna win this game. Told y'all bro. Them angels old Tyrese bro. Think you going bro. Come. I think for the, the Angels was on him. They should have been there last game I think. Nah bro. Whole Playoff runs crazy. They supposed to win in the wildest wave. What's it called? Angels in the back court for sure. Man. Y'all know how it what patience tonight man. Let's get this done for sure. Facts.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Hey so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and Degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool RU sent back and it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay, I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made an Austin, Texas real care attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years, so I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games. A perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour You should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume Saver Responsibly.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here We go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One Trip He shimmies The door open steps over the dog. Oh and he stumbles. Oh Right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein pack. Oco With 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos Stronger makes everything better.


Alright man. Recap of the W Man. The real is back. Yeah on Clip. Yeah The Liberty, the Goat. Oh the fever. Play The goat and she sold that motherfucker out. She acting full. Come on man. This is just, You know what I'm saying. 17 K, three Possessions in a row. Shouts to cc. She sold it out. Excuse sold did Liberty. She performed. Stop Playing. Nobody. No Liberty doing that. Nobody. This is all back to back. These not highlights. Hey This wasn't clipped up by mouth. The real is Back. Back. She cold. Come on man. Best player in the league. What are we talking about? Not too much, but she is one Of 'em for sure. 32 back and stick that to that motherfucker.


Little long shout out to Kailin Clark. Baby we back. Shit. Talking about body language. You be Happily. Yes. That's a wild emote right there. Hey man, Cece's returned. She took care of the Liberty gave them their first loss of the season. 1 0 2 to 88. She had 32, 9 and eight. Almost Trippy Dub. Sabrina went crazy as well with 34 and four. Yeah, they ain't show her. I liked she was out there. My shoe better than yours. She lost. Don't care. Got shout to Sabrina. You know what I'm saying? One of the cos. But you took that l first loss of the season man. Yeah, shout To my fever man. The real is back. Also the links took care of the Sparks belt to Ass 1 0 78.


I'm off. I'm off the spark Up Nafisa sir. She, she went off on people by her name being spelled wrong. She respect to that Queen. Ah Shit. The FEA Col had 32 8 6. Kelsey Plum had 20 of four. Didn't matter. Not enough. Your favorite white girl showed up but still took that l. Yeah, I'm my mom. Not, I'm not, I'm not. He Gave up On the sparks. I'm done with them. You done with the sparks back with the dream Thought. Yeah. I thought at o was your team. Yeah it is. But I, my favorite white Girl, my favorite team. Oh yeah? Yeah. Respect the sparks. I'm done with her. The barbecues took care of the storm. They been winning. Dr. Omar was mad at me anyway. I'm back. The new team been Winning. The dev va been there. They, they started out rough. They been hooping man. All them, the new team is crazy. They are special teams Team bro.


Dev bro. Golden State. Shout to shout Their name bro. We been saying that Golden State VAs 22 and 12 about Kyrie. That's Ky is crazy. Scott niggas had 21 to three as well. Old school. Alright man. The Scott and the son. Yeah. Angel Reese. Trippy Dub 1113 at 11. This is, this the toilet bow. Come on man. Took care of the son. Two eight toilet bow. Yeah. Nasty. Nasty Tuby game for sure. 78, 66. She took care of business man. Youngest player, second youngest player ever. Excuse me. With a triple double Only her and Kayla Clark have triple double so far this season. So shout to Angel re Bird And Michael Magic Johnson. I, I stand down. Shout. Shout out to Angel. Shout to the me bounds be here.


Went viral this weekend. Yeah. I hate God. I Hate people. Was trying to steal your cred. Yeah, people the me bounds. And then shout out to DD, G the whole Hooping. We've been hooping for years. Shout out to what? That's, that's some nap lingo hooping for years. Shout out to our support system though. They, they've been filling Twitter up with the clip showing. Okay. Just making sure we been hooping. We get buckets on off the court for a long time. Facts but now hey wrote a clip man. Shout out to Behead man. Whoever Came up with the me thing, y'all hit that up because Reno, meat, mouse, anything that comes up that board, it's fine. That right there, whoever came up with that. The trouble, I love when I do it because like the ideas would be good.


Like y have to alter my face and shit because I'm, because I'm cute. Alright, whatever That Alright. Turn it off. Yeah man, shout out to Angel Reese. Man. Triple double. She pissed. B we crazy. Shout Out to come man. Me bounces. That's kind of hard though. Me bounce. It's hard And I, I'm trying to tell people like it is not, Hey y'all, it is literally like that's what she's doing bro. When you miss a shot and you grab your own board, that's a me man. Come on man. So shout to Ricky Davis. Respect. Yeah the murky took care of the ACEs. Met ACEs struggling man. Struggling, struggling. Get well soon for them. 76 or 70 Chato. Al your favorite? Yes. She had 22 N nine.


Chelsea Gray had 2010 as well. I left it. I left the ACEs alone too man. Here go my team. Let's talk about man the dream in the misses wrote a sir, You your Grave go with a snatch of the yell. Like he Did not like Ain't Brittany Grinder on that team? Man. Wow. Oh my god. She got a wow. Oh my god. Run it back Again. She got a real burn Touched Earth. Oh there she go. Wow. Oh my lord. She pushed off. No she did. That's, hey that's what we do. She pushed off. Look at that Snatch. She pushed off. Dude, Watch me whip. Watch me Na na list. Nah he is but she was showing respect. Watch her watch me whip.


Hey na na. Hey okay. Nah for sure. So Y ain't, that's not a push off. Clean Move. I'll see Jalen Brut Did that. That's about as clean as mine on Marcus. About the same kind of shout to a, I remember that. Nah, he is wild. Shout to Alicia Grace. She went crazy. 32, 5 4. No. Run her highlights like y'all did. Oh girl. Excuse me. Like y'all did Chelsea. I mean what's her name? Caitlyn Kai Clark. Oh we did Bob's a little D No, no, no Run her. She went crazy. Nah, nah she was killing but no, no, no, no. Run them Bob's go get Alicia Them Go back to go run her highlights.


We're not watching them go run her highlights. She pretty crazy. Pretty. Yeah see no she was killing a run. No, You know what they're about to show you What We just clipped up. Oh Man. Yeah, get back to the list. Thank you. She hit a bunch of threes too. Everything We got ass. We sold. We sold. We're a poverty show. Poverty Show. We don't got premium. Nothing around this. I hate this Church Ain't know what they're about to show the highlight of that snatch back. That's, She got more highlights than that. Nah, she was Killing. I can't find em. Shout out to her though man. We get a, we get a better production team to find your highlights baby girl. Yeah, we went scour the earth for WBA highlights. See listen baby girl, they trying to discredit you.


Look at that. Nah, she cold. Oh man. That ain't her first time getting recognized in the show. Highlight. Alright, move on from this man. That's the first bucket of the game. She had 40. That's crazy. Ah, All man MLB man, Raphael Devs is a giant man. Man, red Sox said you don't wanna play first base, get your ass home. He just hit a with a game winning home run. Damn there to beat the Yankees in. Yeah bro. Go and get your ass home bro. Hey George San Francisco man. The weather's wonderful out there. It ain't, you're not a red socket anymore boy. That is crazy. More MLB is Rufus. Let's get to the rundown. The Reds took care of the Tigers. Eight to four. The Orioles took care of the angels with a belt to ass situation. 11 to two. My brave, I'm done with them too.


Ooh the Rockies beat y'all. You know it's nasty balls boy. 10 to one. They put belt to ass, belt to ass. It's a bad night. I'm done with them to Rockies. Hey somebody lost some money on that game too. Every I heard somebody took Braves over for sure. Marlins took care of the National Street and won the Red Sox shut up the Yankees. Two to zero. The Phillies took care of the Blue Jays in a belt to ass situation as well. 11 to four. The Ray shut off the Mets nine to zero man Mets having a good season, but they got smacked. Astros defeat the twins. Two to one, the athletics took care of the Royals. Three to two, the brewers defeat the Cardinals. Three to two and the Rangers defeat the White Sox. Two to one. The Mariners took care of the Guardian. Six to oh with a shoutout. A shout to JP Crawford wrote a clip. Green Slam.


Come on man Over bases. See ya A grand slam jp. Yeah somebody else hit a grand slam. Somebody from the Felix sent that yard. See you Bow. Tough shout to the Mariners man. For sure hell of a hit. Unfortunately man Padre took care of my diamond backs belt to ass eight to two. The Dodgers took care of the Giants five to Ford. Man. Ohtani will be pitching tonight. Yeah. Or roll the clip.


Take the, take the Ks. That's so, that's so crazy that he the real his back baby take the Ks, Andrew Pop has win yard. See that's the thing about when I used to like baseball, like if I don't see a home run, it's a like it's a bad game for me. I feel the same way though. Yeah you feel? I experience So warn though bro. Need to see A homer. Yeah, but people would be so good bro that it just don't be happening that way. Or Them they get to bumping. That's why I used Topi Tweak out or something. When I play baseball, I used to try to always hit home runs. My pops tell me like you never gonna be good. I'm like, well what the, what's the point of the game?


You was nothing on the base hit. No. I'd be mad if I hit a base hit. I'm trying to go yard. Shout out to the rbis man. For sure. Baseball's getting crazy man. Something goes on. Verify buckets. Who was getting to it this weekend? Joe Johnson for me. Okay. Yeah. Shout to Joe. Big three bucket Old school. Went in there, did his thing. Man. Still showing he's Unguardable For sure. Definitely. At what? 43. It's crazy. Come on man. 30 Ball for sure. Shout out to him. To who you got. Oh You know I'm going Alicia Gray Man. 32 piece five rebounds, four assist. The Atlanta Dream gonna win the ww. Ah WW WNBA championship. Yeah they might win the WWE title before they win the WNBA championship.


They win the WNBA championship this year. We got big, big grinder down there holding down, holding the paint down. When you got her shout to Ryan Howard? The one two punch? Yeah, we got three headed Monster. I'll give you that for sure. Shout out to them as Wellm. Who you got Kailin Clark. Man the real is back. Y'all Brought the excitement back Man. Fever winning it all This year. I'm rolling man. They five, five tar young. I don't care. That's because she was gone bro. The real is back. They five five. We just beat the Liberty bro. We can get anybody Indianapolis on fire this year. Y ain't beat the dream. Y'all. Y'all, y'all. We did. We split with the dream. Y'all split. We'll see. Yeah. Yeah. Well we gotta play y'all 10 more times.


It's only eight of us. Push up you fry. My verified bucket goes to Keon. Coleman wrote a clip. My boy went crazy in the charity. The game. Yeah. And Mike said something wrong with his eyes too. He went out there and got 60 Volume. Please, Let's, let's, Let's. Okay. Who Told y'all he was nice bro? That look real. Nah, he played basketball. Miss State. Hey, I say that little real. Oh hey He def, he definitely the best.


Ain't no football player hooping like this. Yeah. Oh buddy. That play for the pa, the coach can hoop. For real. He played a big in college football. Cox. I'm saying he probably the best guard. Yeah, like Best NFL Guard. Yeah. He got A real drum. Yeah. Good shit. Keon. Hey, Hey, hey. Oh get away from me if y'all can't. Who for real? Yeah, he who? For real though. Don't get out here. But he was a four star or something like that. Yeah, he was nice. Oh yeah, back out. He got a high school mix tape out there. Oh Yeah, Youngster too. I don't care what you do. You get 60. You was killing he more like a basketball player.


Term football player. Yeah, I'm pretty sure his first love probably was hooping. Yeah, he Not to play. Was he a receiver? Yeah. Yeah. Shout to DeMar Ham. His sure game. He went crazy in there. 63 14 to nine 20. Cook was out there too. Shout to Keon. I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure his first love probably basketball. Yeah, for sure. Last but her not least, man, shout to MVP. She win crazy 32 A and six. All right.


B bitch. Some bread every game. Yeah, she, she's on her way to Cheer. I got something for y'all tonight. Okay, Caruso 10 points AKA 20 Chet eight point, I mean A rebounds. Tyrese nine assist Shay 30 Benedict Math 15 points. Mm $5 wins your grand total of $300 today. Okay. Benedict for 15. I like that. You might have to shave the the Benedict points, but I Mean shave how you wanna, but yeah, it's a good life. Just for five though. You can get $300. It's worth the, it's Worth it bro. Come on, tap in man. Use that promo code Club five 20 for New Year's on DraftKings. The crown is yours man.


One more time for Boost Mobile. You know the vibes. 99. 99. Get you a brand new iPhone 15, not the 15. Come on man. You know the vibes 5G Network nationwide. Tap in with Boost Mobile man. Tell 'em Club 5 26 you please. Dope. We gonna be back tonight for the recap after the game. So please tap in.


We will recap your five. Y'all sure we gonna be back. We'll be there and we'll be there tonight and tomorrow morning for the official Tuesday episode of Club five 20. We appreciate y'all. See y'all tomorrow. The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Traveling is one of life's greatest joys, honestly. Can anything be more exhilarating? Well actually yeah. With Chase Sapphire Reserve, it's your gateway to the world's most captivating destinations. First, you'll earn three times points for travel and dining and the card gets you into the Sapphire Lounge by the club at select airports nationwide. And access to one of a kind experiences. Whether you're booking a once in a lifetime trip or your next weekend escape. Discover more with Chase Sapphire Reserve at chase.com/sapphire. Reserve cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Subject to credit approval terms apply.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, it's a perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour. You should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Hey There, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like kinder bueno, cheezit crackers, Oscar Meyer, Lunchables, and just bare chicken bites. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online. For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


This Is an iHeart podcast.