
This is an iHeart podcast. Some stands for So others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place. Safe to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety.


JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC, The NBC nightly News.


Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts. Also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA Member ftc?


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 17th. Shop in store or online for your favorite personal care items and save $5 when you spend $15 or more. Stock up on items like Dove Body Wash degree, motion sense deodorant, trea, may hairspray, dove shampoo, dove bar soap, dove men's Body and Face Wash and Dollar Shave Club blades. And save $5 when you spend $15 or more. Hurry in before these deals are gone. Offer ends June 17th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


The volume.


Good morning, five 20 In The Morning, man. Your favorite sports show brought to you by Boost Mobile. You know the vibes. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a full house this morning. We got mooc, we got Bishop. We got Teague Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What up bro? What's up bro? I'm good bro. I'm feeling great. Feeling great man. It was a wonderful sports weekend man. Let's get straight to it man.


Unfortunately, man, again built a ass situation in Oklahoma City yesterday. The thunder took care of the Patriot yesterday. 1 23 to 1 0 7. Victory. It wasn't even as close as the score was. Man. OKC dominated this entire game. M-V-P-S-G-A went crazy. 34 8 and five. Jaylen Williams had 19 met Alex Caruso had 20. Your mans, he gets the game ball from me man. Aren Wiggins balled out yesterday, man showed up, went crazy. Halliburton had a very misleading 17 yesterday and AKA had 15 and seven. Man. I know we talked about last night, but You know what I'm saying, we all gotta sleep on a little bit. Pause. Like that game was crazy yesterday man. It was OKC really? Just showing we was better than y'all today.


Flat Out it was locking up bro. Yeah, everybody came to hoop. Yeah, I mean like they said, Jalen Williams still ain't took off yet. So that's a little scary bro. It is. But when you getting 20 for Caruso? 18 for gins, man, they showed up. Yeah. Do y'all think that that game will travel though? Do you, obviously I don't expect to be a game like that from Aren Wiggins again, but do you think that game will travel? I Think Caruso will. Mm. The way he play, he play off effort and defense. I think he will. Oh this don't make him better than Lonzo Ball. I didn't say that. Nah, I didn't say that. I love when we go back to old conversation, I never said he, I've never said he was better than Lonzo Ball. I'm saying like I'm said, they were very similar players the last night.


You know what I'm saying? I was trying to be, You know, respectful, take my my my loss, You know humbly, Hey man Lou dot aso be hacking man. They're great defenders bro. They are hacking bro. I watched some more of that game last night. It is crazy how physical they're allowed to be man. It ain't a hack. It ain't a until they call it. I'm just hating right now. I'm gonna be very transparent. That's why they just playing tremendous defense yesterday, bro. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Everybody was playing dto. Yeah, all the subs, everything. It is like they was scared yesterday. For real. For real. They spooked Tyrese yesterday. Yeah, his, his lack of, You know, aggressiveness yesterday is very alarming. You know, we had that conversation with people like, hey, as a superstar you can't turn it on and off and this is gonna be a reference point for them also.


I seen last night they were just like, You know, it's okay because a lot of superstars have had bad finals games. Now this is alarming. 'cause you just wasn't aggressive. Yeah. Like yeah, I've never seen a superstar not aggressive. I've seen LeBron have bad shooting nights. Well I take that back, Brian. You James, hard and fuck up. Yeah, I seen bro in the finals against Mavericks. He wasn't aggressive. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of like, like what AE did, he wasn't really aggressive. It is OKC kind of A take you out of the game. He take you Out the game And I, I was gonna ask y'all this question like is it, I mean obviously we know he has a history with this, but also OKC has made some of the best players in the NBA look real passive.


Like we gotta show some respect. No one defense for a reason. But my thing is we seen Tyrese do this. Yeah's true against other teams too though. Yeah. Like we always, we can almost bank that two games out of a series. Tyrese is gonna be passive. Yeah. Because in the regular season he had games where he get four points or I mean well this year he had a game we damn score. Yeah. So we know that's gonna happen with him but we just don't know what games. Yeah. So I'm glad he got it outta there. Game two. Yeah. For the series, right? They took, they got game one. They even the series of Okay C did last night but now it's a, You know it's a battle. Hopefully he got his one game out of the way. Yeah. And we won't see that no more. So to make the series Good. I love that point. Like you said, go ahead and get out the way. This is a game. It did not matter.


Pascal aka also did not show up yesterday. When you get a chance, I'd love to pull up the shooting percentages. We were, it was a joke. Honestly, you look across the board, nobody really showed up. Only person who really hooped out was Miles. Miles Hooped out in the third. He held us down, tried to give us a comeback. But other than that man, everybody else Was cool besides Pascal and Oby. Well Oby going one for eight was definitely not the vibes that But at all. Yeah but but it really oby going one for eight is out of pocket but you ain't really caring about Obie. See Yaka gotta give y'all 25 damn near nah. Yeah If he don't do that we don't even got a Chance. Yeah Bro. 27% is never gonna cut it. Especially not NBA finals 3, 4 11. Yeah it was nasty.


Him and Halliburton, they gotta be dynamic every game. If they're not dynamic y'all don't win. Yeah it is over Like OB and M is just a bonus bro. Yeah like them hard what he did the first game, you can't bank on that. Even though he a skillful player, he got game. You can't bank on that. You gotta bank on Tyrese and Pascal being great. Most definitely. Yeah. 'cause like you said, when they're going it makes everybody else's job easier. You know Anise Smith, he gonna hit threes regardless. I ain't worried about them. He's going get the shots up. Yeah. The biggest problem also I have is man, I mean I'm not to like criticizing the rotation but we had a tie game in that second quarter before Tyrese went to the bench and he went to the bench and my lord oh hell broke loose.


Hey don't you on your T bro don't do that. Get on your tips. Don't do that DJ get on your, you always big on the bench. Don't do that. The bench is important bro. But shit, when they ain't got it bro. It's the finals. Ah Tyree just thinking it up bro. Quit coming in there chucking three. What I always say go downhill. Yeah But we can't say that 'cause They game one what they doing Bro? They been playing like This. The bench one game one Bench won in a lot of games. Yeah It been this way. So we can't, You know what I'm Saying? That's fair. What's his name? He won game one Bro. So we can't Aren Aren nee man we can't Pick and choose bro. Neha. That's fair. That's fair. Thomas Bryan? Yeah. Shout out to the W. That's our W that's our bench. TJ Nash?


Yeah. Getting freaky 10. I'm rolling. Hey TJ Nash shot them, shot them threes yesterday. Everybody was like Josh Smith in Detroit. This is like god damn everybody start sucking their teeth be wide. He was five for seven though. He be wide ass open Though. He, but he's, he y'all need him though. He give y'all quality points in quality time bro. He changed the, yeah they called it one Backer two. He shot two of 'em though. But yeah he did go one one technically but man, he just be like they don't even want, they don't, they might please shoot it. Please Shoot it. They take him an hour to shoot it too. Like God dang. Shit I take my Time to, he the most consistent player y'all got. Aw Yeah. Yes he is For sure What he is bro. For sure.


That's fair. He's the only, that's fair. He's not even a Question. He's consistent than Him bro. That's not a question That is fair. Every game he's there. Yes bro. I will say I know what I'm gonna get from him every single night. Yeah the stats may not be there but Energy everwise, I know what I'm gonna get from him every night. That's absolutely fair. Oh yeah. Yeah. Tyree definitely gotta have a triple double bro. Next game. It's on the way though. He finna kill. Yeah I was gonna say definitely kill you can't be too upset. Like you said we splitting kc, You know what I'm saying? We was probably a little bit overzealous thinking we was about to knock them out the crib for sure. They have not lost back Toback games in a long, long time this season. I wouldn't expect him to happen now but optimism going back home split with a good team. How you feeling? Like you said we did our job bro. Okay.


I think we gonna win game three bro. Everybody gonna turn up if we at home role players gonna make shots. Tyrese gonna turn up. I think we got game three bro. I got, I got the pace to winning game three but the only thing that can happen is if, if SGA he's not sweating right now and I think he getting comfortable. I think he didn't figure, figure the pacer out like game one. You could tell that the pressure and things was kind of getting to him a little bit. Like them being so aggressive defensively picking him up full court. Yeah. And he would shot 30 shots. Yeah. Game two he looked like. Yeah figure job out It. It looked Easy. I ain't gonna lie. And they started trapping him like he was getting the ball on the block.


They started sending rotations and that's how Caruso got a bunch of open layups and threes. So I think he kind of like I can pick these dudes apart Facts but if You know they game sliders go up at Games Bridge so all them shots they was missing and stuff they gonna be hitting. The only thing is if Jalen Williams, when SGA go out and Jalen Williams is the fo point offense if his game don't travel. I mean he ain't had a good game yet. Yeah if his game don't travel they gonna get beat by 15. Mm Mm I'm telling you the Pacers bro, they are different at home when that crowd get behind them. Yeah that Chegg get 15 we Winning. Nah that that moment where SGA go out.


What is it like them four or five minutes? Yeah it could get spooky. Yeah I think Chegg gonna get 15. Like I don't Game one is a no but Chegg ain't scoring single points again. Like he's going be a double digit score. That's his average. I expect that. But if Jalen Williams is upping it to 2025 especially at a high clip or a good percentage, that's gonna put a lot of pressure on us. Yeah because that's what happened with Minnesota. He came to life. Yeah he definitely did. And it is something about Games Bridge to make people game size go up though. Dubs there but people go crazy in the bridge. I don't like the fact that he had two bad games 'cause at some point he gonna turn it around Bro. Yeah I'm saying if he come to life but for some reason I just don't think he is. Mm. And I'm not hating on Jaylen Williams.


I think he's a good player. Yeah. Or I'm not wishing bad that he don't turn it around. I just don't think this is a se I think they match up well with him. They do like usually he like the the eyeball out because he, he sold these big fast strong six eight can move but they got a whole bunch of players that's similar to him. Like Pascal Guard the Obie come in. Yeah. And then you can put Neem hard on him and then you can put Nate Knee Smith on. They all can like guard him and usually he got the mismatch 'cause he bigger and stronger and fastener than his opponent but not this serious. Most definitely. You talked about them playing big yesterday. They had low passes between Hartenstein and check. Yeah. Hey man, stick to your guns.


That's, That's why they gonna lose What you, what you think gonna make what? What's gonna be the difference and them playing that games bridge? Like what you think gonna happen? Well I really, honestly I know I talk shit about the Patriot but y'all right though that momentum it, it put a spark in them but y'all damn near helped them with their game plan to win the game. Like I know you can't say they supposed to be up two. Oh. But if they would've kept 'em in the game it probably would've went different. So they switch it up. If they keep the formula the same way shit it is probably going Playing big. Yeah Bro. Are you saying keeping check or higher sign out there? Yeah they would probably be up to Yeah. Yeah they helped us with that for sure.


They did us a favor. Yeah they did. They, they showed love for sure because and also we definitely, I think y'all gonna have to run 'em out the gym. Mm. Y'all gonna have to win that up and down. I mean that's how, That's how the Pacers play anyway. Yeah, But that's what I'm saying. Y'all gonna have to win that way. They Need 120 points bro. Yeah they gotta score big. What they scored with one like it really was up once they made the subs and they started scoring bro. Yeah I just want who the X factor though on the Pacers? I don't know Who are X Factor is? Yeah, Tyrese. Hallberg. Yeah that's it. When Tyrese is playing at a high clip, everybody else is getting open shots and especially at home you feel more confident you got time to breathe and shoot. That's really what it is bro. He unlock our offense. I mean Pascal, when he show up he gonna hoop.


But when Tyrese getting everybody involved, everybody feel different. You could tell the swag is high bro. Yeah he the engine Gotta, what does Ben Mathen gotta do though? Itt a he can hoop but this is not a series for him. I mean I'm not gonna say it's not a serious for him. Yeah it's a tougher series because I told you they can match up with him. Okay. Usually he bigger, stronger, faster, You know what I mean? Sub Ben the bench players he sub Ben. Yeah he usually can dominate them. So y'all Only need him to play 15 minutes? No, no, no we need, we need him to play, we need him to play play. But it is more fo the focal point is on Tyrese Bro. Got you. But like think about it, when you sub in against this team Caruso subbing, he got math. Don't, I mean, You know what I mean? Yeah it is like okay.


Yeah that's a yeah it is like well he just ain't about to kill him or like whoever Wiggins or whoever it is, Pascal could barely dribble the ball on Caruso bro. Yeah bro. He bag up to half foot. I'm like ah shit It look Crazy And people been sleeping bro. Ca Wallace is putting extreme boy pressure. Oh everybody. That's what I mean. Like Rin. So in you got this dude chasing him around, it's different than when you had somebody from the Knicks campaign. He was coming there frying land bro. Yeah like land shammy. He going straight at them. You Can't do who do it like that Or Jalen Brons, they might have got switched on. He like man I attack him. These dudes right here. They're deep. They deep. Everybody wanna play defense bro.


Yeah that's what they made. They team is based off de like this Thing. Y'all need another spark though bro. Somebody else has to score the ball like yeah it is Tyrese but He can score the ball. He just gonna have to catch a rhythm. Like he don't shoot mini threes. Like the reason like Annee Smith and them are getting some points is 'cause they catch and shoot threes. Mm. They not a catch and shoot player. Yeah. A rhythm like he need to get. Yeah. Yeah. Iso Yeah I need to bounce a little bit, pause with the, I need to get my handle going and then I could pull up a three and this ain't the series. Yeah For that. Okay. So does Neem hard need to put some more shots up is eight he need about 10, 12? Yeah He gotta be a little more aggressive 'cause he got the ability to get to his shot.


He can make shots. Yeah. And I ain't mad at him. I mean he got eight shot attempts yesterday. I mean and the way that TA was playing, he had to facilitate a little bit more. They probably would've liked to but Yeah, but that's what I'm saying though. So if Tyree's not aggressive just we don't know what he's gonna do the next game. You know we pray he killed. I hope he killed but I'm saying if he have another lackluster game like this, is it neem hard job to fill in the void? Nope, it's gonna be on Pascal. I mean Yeah, I told you to be Honest, if Tyrese do this again we gonna lose it. Don't matter what happens bro. Yeah he has to be aggressive bro. We cannot win when him playing like that Respectfully. They're not the Knicks. The Knicks had too many too holes on defense that we could always exploit whenever we needed to. And also they, they didn't. They did. Yeah they, they put too much pressure On team if, if you get 1711 Tyrese.


Yeah Defense collab. That's a good Tyree game. 1711 we win a game. That's an Elite game for that's Tyree That I'm gonna have eight to four for The scoring. If he got 10 that ain't going, You know what I'm saying? That ain't gonna cut it All. That's fair. That's fair. I just wanna Say 1711 is a super star. What Mouse though? You ain't say nothing about Mouse Did I said Mouse is the only bright spot in the game from him. That third quarter Miles was going crazy. He was the only person scoring Miles. Can't get four rebounds though. Well I mean what are you asking for This we got Bro, We'll Spread the team down. I mean we hear this all we Got. That's some miles shit though. Yeah bro that's, that's Cool. You got four or five rebounds bro. That's what he do. Ain't gonna get it done. Look at the Come On Miles bro. Give Miles 200 million but you can't give four for rebounds.


That's my problem. About 200 million. I agree. You see how they lose one game. All of say Miles wins the seniors for him last year man. Yeah bro. TJ plays Miles getting a hundred million yesterday on a pod. You talking about getting one 50. I didn't like the energy. Listen, miles wins the series for the Knicks. He plays his ass off. Oh you Miles. They lose one game. It is 1 0 1 now's Miles can't take it. It's our fair work. Come on bro. But You know the asking price was is basically 30 a year. So three years a hundred is fair. Correct. 33 million a year. Yeah He need four. He won a four year deal. Stop playing dude. Get a four year deal dude doing that bullshit bad. I I said a three year deal.


I didn't say there was a team option. No I might even give you a player option. Jeff said four years yesterday. You on four year deal bro. I I don't like that energy. I just turned 29. Whatever he is 30. I need solidify my future DJ player with his chicken. But what can't you do with a hundred dollars bro? Who Else are y'all gonna get for real All jokes. Who else are y'all gonna get besides Turner? Nobody. I'm completely joking. We have no option. We have to give him what he wants. He is been this for since he's been on our team every year they're like Rey Miles. Okay cool. Who gonna replace him? Alright cool we got Miles. It's like just pay him the money bro. He earned it. For sure. He need to be a pacer for life bro. He deserves to be, if he wants to be a pacer for life, he definitely deserves to be. He will be. That's Over I I would hope they actually win a championship so Miles can be the greatest pacer.


Oh wow. Damn. Shit he gonna be here for 15 years. Shit. He's gonna be probably one of the best players of all. So if you're gonna have to play that list, he's the only person that been there probably forever. He gonna have all types of crazy records of the team. The mostly blocks most Dang That's tough. Eighth and scoring all time or so. I I I love Miles but Miles was Turner The best player in our franchise? We are. Nevermind He's definitely the best center. No, no not best player. Reggie Miller always gonna be the best player. I was about to say J Man he definitely gonna be the best man I's not better than Jne. Fuck no. But if he get a chance they gonna say it. He's not. Nah I ain't gonna let y'all wild. He gonna ask Him be better than Rick Smith. Yes he is. Yes, but JJ is quiet.


He better Than J is a A Power forward though. Rick Smiths. I mean but listen Rick Smith's Battle Shack, Like I say y'all are the real basketball heads but if my center is averaging six rebounds, basketball needs to be positionless. It is. So you can't say he's the best singer. Just say he's just one of the best players. Bruce Missy never hit a Stepback three one. I had never seen it. He gonna go down as one of he they might retire his jersey. They Should. They should. They Probably would. Miles. Yeah they probably retired. We gotta update Toxic they being with him, they should shit Honestly I was gonna say had sex. I say all that may be the reason they don't but if he say it the whole entire time bro it would be crazy.


Yeah if he stayed for 14, 15 years probably gonna get retired. The league will be pissed. Be like all right I have to honor somebody man. Yeah Like what we doing Man. That was crazy man. We'll talk more about the game man, but shout to Okay C four getting the dub. Yeah we gonna address it. Mike Bees, he got the, You know what I'm saying, he got the dove against Lance. Yeah that was some filthy basketball. I about to say my boy D Lamb, he, he wasn't that wrong bro. Mike Beasley kind of don't got no crazy like boys bro. He get to his spots and make all his shots bro. I think that's what's crazy. His basketball beautiful though. But I'm just saying he's just talking about just moves like Kyrie Irving. He don't, he don't really got that bro. But dad shows you why a lot of that shit don't matter. It Don't matter.


It Don't matter. I'm bigger than you making shots. I turn and I shoot over you. But he Was really upset about him saying that. And it was true. He does not have no moves but he scorer the shit out the ball. No, I don't know bro. It's hard to to play like Mike be bro. Bro Was carrying the hell out of the ball. Oh yeah, I was gonna say, say it was a lot of fouling but it was a lot of traveling, a lot of carrying. Oh yeah it was some bad basketball at one point. I seen Mike Beesy do a spin move here, here, here. And it dribbled again said that's pretty kept it in the same hand. That shit look weird bro. But play defense bro. He good though. He make all his shots. Make All his shots Bro. The ref should have got a cut at that a hundred k because they had to work. It was so, oh yeah, it was so many fouls bro. But see they, it was like a fight.


Niggas was tired bro. Let's argue a little bit. Let me go sit down. They go on to 30 bro. Yeah, go be tired bro. It's a lot of points bro's. A lot Of points. They, I mean people fucked with it but like It was fat in there. They that they can't do that no more. Yeah. I like the next chapter like like I said the under car was dope. That was good basketball but that is like we gotta get a little bit more finesse game man that was od which Y we all knew what that was gonna be. We just, ain't nobody gotta Be everybody talking like, hey y'all the NBA should do this. Like no, It'll be cleaner. You know who in it. Yeah, it'd be cleaner bro. It would. It wouldn't though. That was Roughhouse basketball. That Was Like was Marion County basketball The best?


Damn these niggas in the yard playing today. That's What it's, we gotta pull up The longest yard that that's not good in a joint bro. That's not good. That's not, That's not good bro. It Wasn't good. That was, that was some ugly basketball Bro. You supposed to have it where some guys like damn they really got skilled like look Kyrie against CJ McCullough, you'll see two skilled players. They going to like respect each other. They ain't trying to hurt each other and wild shit. Yeah it be Clean, it's gonna be real be clean bro. Yeah. Yeah it competitive but throw that out there. They said we gotta set the tone with some prison shit. That was Prison. Yeah. I be like man y'all need somebody that's gonna be like WE not scripted but like we ain't trying to kill each other.


I think They wanted it to be like that. They just too emotional people and facts. They kind of locked And Mike Beaty took the promo way too far. Yeah, yeah he said he was, He said I'm gonna sell this fight baby. He said fight. Yeah he sold it. It was wild. Yeah it was almost some accusations from that but Told to Tony man we made a sex tape. He Said he did better than Kim K brother. Y'all played basketball? Yeah. Where, Where, where we going with this? I thought Lance look uncomfortable as hell. He like bro I would too. That was just like why didn't he respond? What are you supposed to say when somebody says that to you? I would say interview over bro. Alright. What Are you talking about? They gotta clean the one-on-one stuff up though. Yeah But shout out to next chapter. I like what they doing man.


For sure. Yeah. I ain't really tapped in but shout to them. I would love to see like a Jordan Crawford and Jamal Crawford type player or something like this. Like more of a finesse score type. Like I would like to see that they going yeah you would've Seen all kind of good, real good buckets. Good moves been. That'd have been good. Alright man, let's hop into super chat with it. 5 0 9 blocks at Jeff. Do you see yourself ever coaching in the league in the future? And y'all should do like a fan Friday, invite a fan to the pie and talk shit with y'all. Shout to you 5 0 9 block till you go into the NBA with it. I don't know, maybe I would for sure. Dubs 30 said what an next gotta do to be taken seriously again thinking Thomas is all Houston Harden and be here and built like a baby bottle.


Damn. Damn y'all on that this morning? Boy. Your Brooklyn Nest. They gonna be sad a long time. He ain. Cam Thomas and James Harden relax. All right. That's why y'all are the Brooklyn net. Yeah. Relax comments like that do Smith in the super chat. Itest tells me that OKC is a superior team. OKC should be kicking themselves because if they finish with four eight minutes, they should be up two oh KC at five. You are correct. They probably should have won game one but they did not. We move


the NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance. So we can play some bets on these games, man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA for sure. We ready to tap in man, what you got for me That file to get $300 in bonus bets, man $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Yeah, I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm gonna use that bonus bet to put it in for my 80 Indiana Pacers. We going get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time bets on DraftKings $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings, put in promo code club five 20. That's again promo code Club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me, but hey you bit that $5 and you get $300 back on with that. Bonus bets for sure. Only on DraftKings the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Boot Ho Casino and Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio


Some stands for So others Mighty and I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development Banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 17th. Shop in store or online for your favorite personal care items and save $5 when you spend $15 or more. Stock up on items like Dove Body wash degree, motion sense deodorant, trea, may hairspray, dove shampoo, dove Bar soap, dove Men's Body and Face Wash and Dollar Shave Club blades. And save $5 when you spend $15 or more. Hurry in before these deals are gone. Offer ends June 17th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms Apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


The NBC nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Brohan. You hope To see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yams is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yma. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yma evenings on NBC


Joker. ENT said we have to stop everybody else's Shay gonna hoop. Yes, I agree Shaa let him get 50. You giving up 18 Aren Wiggles. You get up twins to Caruso. That is hurting. Especially when you're a superstar's sport. That's a lot of people to stop though. It is. It's a lot of people. They're hell of a team for sure man. Okay. He ain't no stops. They have no weaknesses. That's why there's no room for error. Gotta execute. Alright, big Z one one said outta four teams that Kyrie has been at. What do y'all think Kyrie was at his prom? Only performances don't include the championship Cavs bro. Kyrie Irv and the Cleveland Cavalier uniform is unstoppable. Especially you and Kyrie. I'm gonna go with Brooklyn.


Mm. He Had some shit in Brooklyn. Man. That run when he was doing in Brooklyn, man. Yeah, he was going crazy in Brooklyn. Yeah. See he was doing next to LeBron was insane. It was. But when he went to Brooklyn in the first game, he, because there he had 50 on us. He did that on the Spurs. But your first game to welcome to the city, That was, that was big. But Shout to Joshua. It's hard Stop. It's hard to battle that calves run though. It's 'cause we seen him so much like when he was in Brooklyn. We ain't seen him though. But he was so efficient when he was in Brooklyn. Bro. Can you pull up Kyrie's stats when he was in Brooklyn? I mean, Shit, every time Kyrie stepped on the Court it is.


I mean it's, it is great. I mean his Cal's run was more, we seen it 'cause bro, You know what I mean? You you seen that bro. Shit, he was killing in Brooklyn for sure. Well he was doing it in Brooklyn bro. Yeah, he Was. And personally my favorite version of Kyrie. Even though I would say the best I would go with Cleveland. People forget bro, before he got hurt in Boston, Kyrie was killing shit. I ain't, I ain't like that Boston run he was killing. That's because everybody was trying to get paid and it wasn't really as fluid as shit. He was killing in Boston. Yeah, but Brooklyn bro, it, it was so efficient. Yeah, his run In Brooklyn Shot 50%. He was definitely there 50 49. I was seven in Brooklyn. Yep. Yeah, that nigga was shooting 50 bro.


48%. 47%. 50%. Yo. He was so efficient bro. Yeah, like nigga didn't miss Averaging 27, He wasn't missing bro. Yeah, that Kyrie was different I swear. And he had his, that's his most assist damn Near. He was hooping. But like you said that probably the most polarized thing is next to LeBron because we saw that histor. Well he did in the finals bro. Like insane bro. Probably me may never be done again man. Shout out to Kyrie. Good question. That was his highest and sixth year too I Think. Yeah, in Brooklyn. I'm telling you he was having, he was playing ball. That's why when they was hating on him at the, I mean I knew it was all the COVID, all that whatever stuff at that time bro.


That was like Pete Kyrie. Yeah. Yeah he was hooping. We thought that Joe Harris was gonna be the next coming bro because of Kyrie bro. He made everybody that team look better like you said bro. I'm telling you bro. Passing ball, he ain't rolled that ankle bro. Second Highest this year. Highest points though. His highest this year is 1819 at Boston. You came into the league my Boy was killing it. I see he was having 24 what? 24 and seven. Tough. He ain't roll that ankle. We'd be talking about the Brooklyn. That's totally different fucks if they ain't thought that. Oops. And Gordon Hayward man that Boston team could've been special man. Damn. We would've never got Jason Tatum though. That is true. Yeah. Damn. Jason Tatu would've been, this ain't no shade to you jt.


'cause you are who you are. But he probably would've been like, who? Like a Fiance say he been like Pascal. Nah, he, he had more gain than Pascal but he would've been like a 20 point scorer. Wait, say Rudy Gay. I was about to say he call my boy Rudy Gay bro. That's exactly what I was thinking. Yeah. Yeah. Not Rudy Gay but yeah You know Rudy Gay was cold but yeah he ain't like Tatum though. Yeah, Rudy Gay was raw. Nah, he Was cold but he not Jason Tatum, he just wouldn't have that same opportunity as a rookie to be able to get that momentum of that you 20 regardless. My favorite version Rudy gave was when he was in Toronto and he led the league and like shot attempts. He was in that bitch chucking and I did not care.


Yeah, He's a Chuck but he Rudy with OJ Mayo now was legendary when he got that five year 80 bro. Those are 2K legends bro. Yeah, Rudy gave was, I never thought he was like super cold but I just knew he could. I knew he was gonna get 20. He had the most, didn't count buckets ever. This ain't no shit. I Rudy Gay is a great NBA player but his buckets never mattered. I don't know bro that that 20 was, that 20 got, I'm saying like they never was like Rudy was Killing it mattered that 20 got his Take to the bank. No, no he, no. Okay. I shouldn't say that he got paid because he, he, he's a hell of a player. But I'm saying like he never like, I never seen him like get 20 points in their matter.


Like they all, all his teams always was sad. I know what you mean. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like they always was sad but it's like Yeah but it is like Kevin Martin, Kevin Martin got buckets. You they always on sad teams. But see that's why I don't judge people by they team bro can't help to everybody. Sad bro. Yeah Bro. That's true. Look at his career outside. Outside of rookie year bro. I'm killing bro. I average 20. Oh he a 20, he a 20 point scorer. But he just like, I did my job bro. If Rudy, if Rudy Gay is the best player on the team, y'all about be ass. It depend on what pieces is around You though. Memphis was solid but they did get a little bit better once they transitioned off. Yeah, when they got, when they got rid of Rudy all of a sudden.


Oh yeah, they turned up. Yeah It was different. Toronto. Well my boy wasn't a cancer. No, no. I don't know. I don't know. I never played with him. But I'm saying like when he was the go-to guy it is because he, Rudy Gay is like, this is gonna sound crazy. He like Vince Carter, You know how people be like Vince Carter man, he was the most talented player he could have did anything in the world. That's how I used to look at Rudy Gay. Mm. So I guess I'm looking at it from a basketball verdict because I used to see him, I'm be like, man he's six eight, he got a athletic, he got a burner. Yeah. He can get to wherever he want to go. Like why Rudy Gay don't average 30. Why he on average 28? You know what I mean? Is Rudy gay, Andrew Wiggins? Bam. There you go. Like I say the same thing about Wig. Once they meet they quota they like good and they gonna get 20.


Regardless. I'm getting his 20, I'm getting he wig like I say the same thing about Wig. Like what you got everything He do. Wig dude Guy Like why you not Jason Tatum? True. But then playing with Wig and I know Wig, he like that ain't his personality. I'm chilling my boy like I come do my job, I'm going home. I don't know Rudy Gay personality, I'm gonna have to run them. Rudy Gay YouTube highlights Backman. He used to be a bucket. Yeah. Rudy, you get what I'm saying though? I hear you. No, no, no. I hear, I definitely Hear what you're saying because Vince Carter like when you, when I hear Kobe Bryant or like Gilbert Arena arenas talk about Vince Carter and they talk about how talented and how he should been the best player in the world. That's kind of how I look at Rudy Gay. Like they all say it. They All say Vince Carter should have been that bro.


And if you watch Vince Carter you like he look crazy bro. Yeah. His highlight tape is insane, bro. Yeah. Retarded bro. 30 bro. But like if you go watch Rudy Gay High, like you gonna be like god damn. Like that's how I feel. But I used to be like damn. Yeah, Like you could be up there with bro. Yeah. Like, like you got the same attributes as bro, bro. Yeah, but the the talent is is it is different. It's tears. It's tears. But he got you the same attributes as bro. No it's he got the, he literally got the same attributes as mellow at first off. I have a problem. Yeah, we have to get off this because no, not not Utah Jazz. Rudy, Rudy Gay highlights and you went to 2223 Rudy, that's disrespectful.


This is literally the first thing that popped. Not the, he shoulda went to Yukon. I Still remember that nigga contract man. 80 million. There We go. Yeah, Rudy, that man went to fucking Utah special also. I did not know he spent several years in Sacramento. God damn. Oh yeah. Hey 2K God. But I'm saying he got the same attributes as bro, bro. At least, at Least Mellow bro Or Mellow For sure. At Least Mellow. Okay, I'll get, I might get ya mellow Bro. Yeah, we we you should been in that same, no, I'm not saying he wouldn't. I don't know. He ain't, he was fresh as fuck.


That's what I'm saying. Serrano bro. Nigga was getting heat off him and DeMar Rose. But he Wow. You got the same attributes as as Mellow. Like Just only thing about Rudy is he just wasn't aggressive as mellow. He didn't play bully ball. Like Mellow niggas was scared to guard Carmelo Anthony bro. I know, but I'm just saying you got, that's Different. He more Rudy Gay was a finesse player. He just saying they match Up. Well. Yeah, like you got the, got the same Rudy Cash crash, the same potential to be mellow. It's just he's comparable. Do not turn that corner. I think it's the being aggressive bro. If you gonna compare him to Melo, you gotta throw that in there though bro. Yeah. Mellow was a bully in the paint. It really wasn't no bully in the paint. Yeah, sure. You was just more athletic than Niggas. Hey man, shout out to super chat man. Great question. It's a great conversation. I, I was a Rudy gay fan.


Maybe that's why I'm like Yeah You Talk About Rudy Gay UConn. Yeah, Rudy was calling. I just thought he, I'm not saying he had a great big what he play 17 years. 18 years. He had a great career bro. Yeah, he had a hell of a career. But I just thought he, Andrew Wiggins was a great comparison. Yeah. Facts. Yeah. That was great. Very similar. Yeah, for sure. GRE C 21 and the super chat Tee SGA is set to be the best player player in the world and face of the league after he wins his title and has single best guard season ever. I don't know if that's the best guard season ever, but he is on pace man. Respect. All right. Shout to him. I don't know who he, who you trying to tell me something? I don't know. I saw Hardell.


I know he was a unanimous. MVP never happened before. Probably never happened again. P showed 1, 1 1 9 said Jeff and Mo ranked one through five on who's making the mustard release out of 10 shots. DJ Mac B He freaky Mike or Barbie. Mike. Mike. It's a bad, it's a bad verse Mike. No hell no. Mike. I'm get wipe. I'm gonna go with Mel. Bullshit mount As man. I be him. I got a hundred. I beat to all these niggas. He's a post player. I, I'm inside out man. Yo, Take it. How you want this shit.


I love to set though. Dj, you a shooter aren't you? I'm I'm clearing up. He is. DJ is a shooter. I'm clearing up. I think I'm, I think I'm gonna roll with Dj. Y'all seen the Gilly clips? I'm Gonna roll with Malcolm man you man. They said DJ be shooting from half Court. He do be shooting from half court Ain't Missing dj Chuck It. Hey You know what's crazy. Mike B said something to Malcolm about 1 0 1. He never said nothing to me for a reason. Uhoh. Oh we'll shit. But we'll Move on. Justin said super chat. He was fan of the po. Shout out Jeff, DJ Mr. Leys. Mo freaking Mike and Malcolm be here. Did you ever try that Turkey ham hybrid? I didn't but I know what they talking about now. Yeah, it's elite. I know what they talking about now. It's elite. Yeah It's elite. Yeah Nigga eating AI meat.


But I know, I know what they talk. I know what they talking about. Now That is Dust Charro Johnson Junior Super Chase at Jeff and Mooch. Who have y'all what? Who have y'all the most problems in y'all hoop career? Whether it's high school, college or the pros who gave us the most problems? There you go. Who gave us the most problems in our hoop career? I don't Know. High school. Nobody really gave me problems. Eric Gordon was the best high school player. I played against college. I don't remember the pros. Everybody good. Deron said kill car, busted mo ass. And I had 40 bro Killed kill.


It's crazy because if you look at the highlight tape you would think that he dominated. Did y'all win that game? Yes bro. Yeah. Ook You would think that they dominated that game 'cause they had to clip that game up. We won. I had four. The only game I seen Mook and 'em get blown out was Brad billing them beat our ass. Nah, they Ain't blow us out. I got blew out by The Oakland soldiers But I got hurt. Yeah, they smacked y'all boy. They They beat us by 50. They bro, they made a whole mix tape. Who Was on that team? Jamari Brown Kyle that I played with. Oh shit. Kyle Washer shout to Kyle Was on their team. I don't know. They was a whole bunch of Cali niggas. He Was killing that game Kyle. What I mean they all, they beat us by 50. Everybody killed us. They Had a party bro. They was right. They was making videos.


They clip it up quick. Was Deshaun on your team then? Nah, But I got hurt and if I get hurt it's over. You was playing with the gang? Yeah. Yeah They was hype. He's number one go. I'm number one. Go. But that's The difference Between you though. Ain't see none Of y'all and the shout out to everybody you played with but you didn't have a bunch of NBA talent on your team. That's why it was silly. 'cause I was, I was by myself making it happen bro. Yeah, you was out there rocking. I was Beating teams by myself. That's why, that's why I had Lil Nick. He was hooping. Yeah. Yeah He was a bucket birder. Hey he, if it was, if this was a different time, Nick would've made the NBA. Nah he had a real burner. Yeah, real. He damned for sure because he was like 5 8, 5 9.


He Could not miss bro. Floater was crazy. Tre ball crazy. Yeah, he wasn't made a lot of money. Was anybody locally in high school that gave you problems? It was like it was a tough match up for you. No dj, Boutte, Devonte Smith er. I didn't match up with Ds. DSR like look Ds R could go here Mo Lawn. Man I used to kill them man. He did kill but I didn't guard him. He be hot boy. Boys talk basketball don't bring him up. Yeah, put some respect. He brought, he brought a chip, He was killed. C wasn't my match up bro. Tyrone was your match up? No, he guard own against us.


Oh okay, Okay. He said I was guard Ronnie Bro. They not gonna guard me like that bro. They no better than they not gonna do that. Not even Lil Ronnie. Hey he too little bro. For sure. They was good though in a motherfucker. Nah, They was. They had a squad. Alright man, one more time in the super chat. Sean Stewart said do you think Bones Hyland can get back to a relative role in NBA? I don't even know bro. I hope he does but I ain't never, I ain't gonna lie to you. Shout out to him. I ain't never seen him play. Nah, he could. He could hoop. Yeah. Bones. I ain't even hating bro. I swear to God. I think social Media, him being on social media so much coming to help. I mean kind of hurt him. Yeah, I'm not sure what Happened. He had momentum in Denver bro. Yeah he did. He messed that Up.


Yeah. I don't know what happened in Denver to, which made them kind of move on from him. He Started asking for like more shots and more playing time. Like He Yeah, I wasn't, when they allegedly said it, he felt like he was better than Jamal Murray. I was like yeah you got relax bro. It's not how B go. I wasn't watching the league at this time. He was hooping though. What year was that? Yeah, He was hooping 21. Oh. I was playing, He was having a solid like little year. Was that That's the year I retired. Huh? Year? Yeah His last year in Cleveland. I mean in LA he was doing all right. That's a year. I retired 2021 his first year. 21. 21 is his first year. 2021. 2021 is his first year. Ah yeah. That I wasn't watching. I was in the league. I His first year in. He could be on the team though. Yeah, Most of he's got the steal.


He can get a bucket. His first year in February was 22. Yeah. Oh. I definitely won't watch it. He can get a bucket. I won't watch in the league when we start. Fuck yes. Yeah. Right around this time. Yeah. I wouldn't watching basketball y'all to Bones man. Damn. When when? When did we 23? Yeah we did 23. 23. Yeah. I wasn't watching basketball maybe round. I was watching boxing and football. I wonder if he one of the people that's just like, maybe if he don't gonna break the rotation NB at some point he might go overseas. 'cause I feel like he's the person who could go overseas and kill. How Play Chance go Hoop come To the patience bro. You patience player. He like a bucket. Like a spark. Oh Yeah. He's definitely a bucket like A six. Man. The defense is is wicked but spark off The bench. Like is he like, like a Jordan Crawford. Oh okay, okay. Type no shit that hey if you got, you gotta have a certain kind of attitude if you that kind of player.


Yeah you gotta, you gotta be, yeah you gotta be a a good teammate type guy for y'all saying he thought he was better than Jamal cr Jamal Murray or whatever. Yeah he did. Can't he turned up. You can't do that. I'm killing this thing in practice bro. I need some minutes. That bro. Yeah, well chill out. Yeah you can't, you Start being too social with it. That's the the thing you can't, you ain't bigger than the program. NBA going shut that down. They gonna make an example out you. Oh okay. I see. I be, I I know who he is and it messed up part about it. He work, I see him working out PJ On a better screen. Yeah that was a crazy screen pj, God Damn PJ Tucker He was working out with. What's a dude that be in New York? What Brick Brickley?


Yeah. I seen him working out with Brickley PJ Tucker out there setting the bullshit scream. That scream was insane by the way. Shout to my guy For sure man. Alright man. Let's go over some scores in the W. The power keys got another dub against the ACEs. 95 to 68 belt to ass situation. The ace is alarming man. They are four and three, which is not what they're used to be. They had a lot of off season changes man. They dropped the shoe. She dropped the game. Damn. Nah, Y'all said she the greatest basketball Player ever. She is. She don't care no more. She's not the problem. Yeah, it ain't her. It ain't hurt all. It's still God hoping, but You know, You know Kelsey Plum. Yeah they do. But You know what it is shit's star. Now. Everybody had, You know when you get that, you get start getting all that love.


You have a little let down. Oh man. You know how it is. I told y'all I made the All Star team shit. I fuck I'm not putting this on a Wilson. I'm not putting it on either. But 17 six, they shouldn't be getting Smacked by them Though. No, That's, ain't that a new team? Yes. Yeah. They don't even got real players. Yeah, they, they going through some shit. They just had picked up anybody, the ACEs, they were about to be in a RICO for how they treat they players. We'll talk about that another time. Look, the the Valkyrie, they was just like, anybody still hooping the expansion back? Hey, could you scroll down please? No, could, could you go back? Oh damn. That's a crazy name. The bies. I swear for the line. I y'all put typos in this Motherfucker. I ain't gonna lie with Bies like a soccer team For real off Montreal Bies.


I thought they still had the Deja Kelly shit up. They, they used her for social media cloud bro. They release her from the team. I'm like at this point she should probably get some run. Oh God. Hey Deja Kelly got cut. Yeah, she got cut in training camp. But boy the ACEs ah, they wasn't trying to make the team look good and the next game. What? I thought y'all said she was the prettiest girl in the league. Ah man. Put some fun Shit out there. Like what's the dude be doing it all y'all ever seen the white dude? They be do all smash t He got big mamas on. Yeah bro, he is wild. I be crying laughing. He go clip this up like they be watching he having people he would smash Having somebody mama that is insane.


He like Triple dog Devil Smash. That is fraud.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. This spring stock up on all your personal care favorites and earn four times points. Now through June 17th, shop in store online for deals on all your favorite personal care items like Pantene, shampoo, native Body Spray, deodorant, secret body spray. Venus Razors always pads, head and shoulder shampoo and native deodorant and earn four times points. Then use those points for discounts on groceries or fuel. You don't wanna miss These deals offer ends June 17th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms Apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


The NBC nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to See you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yma evenings on NBC.


Oh. This shit be hilarious if Fever put belt a ass against the sky. 79 52. Hey I hold on, I'm starting to see Kailin Clark. She a troll. 'cause when Angel Reese travel bro, there used no reason for her to get that hype. Angel Reese Travel Clay Clark. I like, I like your style. She a big troll For sure. You you act like me because I would've been od I would've like ran down the sideline like she's walking. Shout out to my favorite man back in four 500. Every time she missed a layup I would've just got like super hyped like oh my God. Yeah, Greasy. She had 12 boards last night re re know what I mean?


So we know she going crash. Somebody sent me a video, You know she gonna crash the glass. Somebody sent me a video of her doing drills. Oh lord. Who was that you about? She was working on layups bro. Yeah. Trying to get the game right bro. We'll we'll save that for the end of the show. We'll talk about that. Doing mic and drill but then before Points and 12 rebounds. Yeah, that's, we're gonna have to address that. That's how You can't That's what I do bro. I'm the greatest rebounder ever in the WNBA. You are though. She is No real shit bro. She is on pace bro. She is in her second year has more rebounds than a motherfucker from 97 On God That she Got her own shoe from boards. You call, all you gotta do is rebound bro.


Hey they respect Dennis man. Yeah, Dennis Robman has his own shoot from Rebound. So is she the, she the girl version of Dennis Robman NBA? No. Yes, Yes she is bro. She disrespectful to Dennis Rob. No I'm not. She average 12 rebound bro. He is the DPOY. He average 20 rebounds though. Is it a way we can look up WNBA stats like that is her rebounds. She ever should, she was number one did this, Robin Was getting other people re shots. She's getting her own. She, she literally, Bro, she the later she the greatest in WNBA rebounder of all time. I don't disagree. That's a fact. Shout to Already. That's a fact. Damn. Tina charge used to get to it. She's cold. She killing her team's just sad.


But she be, yeah she's actually cold. Yeah. Tina, Tina Charles, she, shit, She's dope. She she gonna be on there in three years. Real soon. Damn. 4,000 rebounds. If The sky keep drafting is bad, they've been drafting boy. She get there in year two. I mean year three, God deal they putting up some bricks. These girls gonna be having 20. What's Angel pull her stats all the way up. But I don't like talking about Angel Reese by the way. Listen, You know how Yeah we know hard. You gotta play to get four thou. They only played 12 games. 532. She got 500 rebounds already. 532. Ah she has some more rebounding points in. So did Dennis. I'm not look 41 game. Okay, but so did Dennis Robin nigga facts.


What are you saying? Nah, But I'm saying her whole overall game is Dennis Rob, like her whole, like her brand, everything. Like Dennis Rob was the biggest player off the court. He was a fucking star and he was a menace on defense and rebounding. She is Dennis Robman of the WNBA. She's a star. And I thought I heard somebody say that she was the, she was the Michael Jordan of the WNBA. Who said that? What? Yeah, somebody said I Somebody say that was a, it was a joke but somebody said no she was sitting down with a girl. She was sitting down with another famous girl. I don't know if it was Lotto or one of them. They came on her show. Somebody came on her show. Mm Yeah there wasn't no another, another NBA player or a WNBA player. Yeah, somebody said she was a, but I was, I'm I'm being serious.


She's Dennis Rodman of the NBA. Like she a superstar off the court. But her game is Dennis Rodman on the court Crashed a glass 12 rebounds but damn Tina Charles got 4,000. Yeah she won't the ones. Wow bro. Alright man, give us something to the sky. Storm took care. Mercury 89 to 77. Skylar went crazy. She had 26 and seven. Gabby Williams who out his whip with 21 7. She really dropped the Smith on his ass. That's crazy. It was just Diggings man. Act like it never happened. Move on Alimony though. She got pay. I hope so. Oh yeah. Hey man, take that Britney spirits route.


I kid Shout to she wheel You shitting me. Hey, ran it up on her. I'ma stay at home dad tap in. Damn. He's a and we don't know. We just have for, we don't, we Now shout to Scott man You gotta take care of and she had a hell of a a celebration too yesterday. It was funny as hell. She turned up on who? After the game being being divorced. Oh no. I was like Have a divorce party turned it up. So she from, they from the being. Right. You know what I being I thought you said he had a divorce party after the game. I say that's crazy. No, that is crazy. After the game. That is Rod.


Shout to the celebrations though. Alright man. In the super chat, the out-of-pocket variety show says the WrestleMania of ones full car B, him vru, ski move, rush versus Smith, Jordan, Poole versus Dre. No calls Jamal Crawford versus Kyrie for the main event be here versus Drusky as the opening is crazy. I like that. Why am I against Russ Smith? Let's go Kentucky v Louis can you disrespect Louisville? You gotta see Russ now. I like that I got Ru. Oh Jamal proper versus Kyrie man. And they promise that would be a hell of a game. Yeah. Jordan Draymond no foul calls. No, no way. Kyrie might get Jamal.


Mm I don't know. It's not too many people. I'm gonna take over Kyrie. Even though Jamal's one of the rare cases in that situation. 1 0 1, Jamal Crawford. That shit different. Jamal might score easier than Kyrie. Huh? Nah Jam might Huh? Kyrie Irving, That nigga Jamal, Jamal Jamal car might score easier. Jamal Points in the NBA bro bro. Jamal ever What? Not That nigga. Jamal never really been a starter bench. He average like 20 before the NBA nigga Get 50 off the bench. It's crazy. Yeah. Multiple times he played Starter minutes bro. Multiple Times. We're talking about two of the best ever Around stop moving stuff around. He never was the go-to person on his Team.


Let's stop y'all. But that night He was the go-to person. He made his himself the go-to person. He Got hot. That's hard to do bro. I'm not saying it's not. Kyrie did it too. He had 52 I I think if you put Jamal Crawford on the team where he get the like he get the ball the most of the time. Like when he was with the Knicks and he ran off them crazy numbers on D Wade and them 17 bucket straight. I Think you get him the ball the whole time. Y'all ain't gonna win shit. That's what I was about to say. But he ain't Talking about that. He can, he can, he can average. He in a bucket bro. He can average 30 Is incredible bro. But that is Kyrie Irving bro. Like I Listen stop Bro. I'm just saying one on one. I ain't saying just one on one.


Don't clip this up and say we said who better we not saying we not just one on one. Be Weird. Kyrie will beat him bro. It it'd be a good game bro. It'd be a hell of game. It'd be a good game. I don't disagree. I'm Not taking too many over Kyrie bro. I think they guard. I actually think they played 1 0 1 though. I think they played one on one. Yeah, he said they played a lot. Yeah, I mean of course Jamal can beat him. If they go play 10 times he gonna win some games bro. But I'm taking, Kyrie coming outta, I don't know if Kyrie can guard him. I ain't, he probably can't. Jamal Crawford is cold. Yeah and I know that Jamal can't guard him though. But he Can't guard him. That's fair. That's a fact. Kyrie might get a stop. Jamal Crawford is getting Cooked bro. Niggas forget Jamal 6, 5, 6, 6 he Can't. Jamal might get a lucky block.


Nah On the jump shot. Hey bro, I seen Kyrie Irving left hand leg seven footers bro. I feel a little bit confident that he might. What You think y'all know how crazy Jamal Crawford mixtape is? No Bro. Jamal Crawford's 20 years in the NBA. He is really good At basketball. If it wasn't Kyrie Irv I would be taking Jamal Crawford. It's just Kyrie big guards guarding him too. He is cold. Not no little shit guarding. Kyrie did his damage 1 0 1 bro. It be hell of a game. It ain't problem love. I ain't gonna lie. This shit gonna be a toss up man. Excited. You gotta think Jamal Crawford when he was in his prime when he was, when he first got in the league, a lot of shit that people get to do now. It was frowned upon. That's a fact. Like shooting pull up threes and transition shit.


Shit. But that shit he was looked at as a bad player 'cause of some of that shit. Like if you put Jamal Crawford when he first got in the league, in today's NBA or even like in 2012 13 bro he had been a superstar. Like the shit he was doing was frowned upon ice on people crossing, pulling through. He Was the person like him in the NB And people thought he was a N one player. Like they people wasn't fucking with it. If you sit that Jamal Crawford in this league bro, he going to look crazy. Yeah He Is like we talk about Nihart doing that move the other day, that da da da man that was every fucking play. Exactly bro. That's a follow by a bucket. I'm not saying he scored 50 playing around bro.


They scored 50 at 40 Nigga that's how He hoop. But I'm saying though, that's saying that's not, you don't want to teach your kid like that's when you come into the NBA, they're telling you we don't care what you do but don't play like this. Yeah for real. You can't. You not as good as him bro. He scored 50 good but Kyrie pop like that his last game in the NBA, he had 50 points. The nigga was 40 years old. Kyrie dance around and shit too Bro. Yeah but it was, it were the best people to ever do basketball. That's a fact. But I'm saying what Kyrie was doing was Jamal wasn't allowed to do like it was frowned upon. Like when Jamal, I came in the league 17 years ago, Jamal was in the league damn near 25, 26 years ago.


You play some real old school back. Yeah. Like you had to go to the elbow and make a 15 footer nigga and make and keep it simple. I Just don't want, y'all think it's sweet. I picked Kyrie, I do not think it's sweet but A nigga getting 50 like that and that NBA back then when they could do all that fouling and face guard and body guard and all that bro it's Hard bro. We gotta move on. It's that. That's a good conversation. Jamal's the one player, I think if you drop him right now he'll still be, I'm not saying it's not more people but I just know for a fact if you drop Jamal Crawford rookie year right now, he he everything in the NBA he the most exciting player. I agree. One of the best six men of all time for sure. Torre and the super Chu said Jeff and Mo, who is y'all favorite high school attorneys coming up and y'all have any favorite matchup plus when y'all gonna cover high school basketball?


If so, how would you guys go about it? Yeah, we got some things coming along for the preps up upcoming stars. Stay tuned for show. But that question is for you two gentlemen. That's high school tournament. Probably Peach Jam. I'm older than them so I guess it's Peach Jam now. I wouldn't, I wasn't a part of that growing up but I had That big time. Yeah we had big time. We was in Vegas with it but when I was growing up everybody played. You didn't have like tournaments like Nike only go here if you was good. You the top team, y'all went to the same tournament. Like you might have been sponsored by Nike but shit, you'll go to a Reebok tournament. Like Mean Streets were sponsored by Nike.


Yeah they was at Vegas. See Mines was like that halfway through then it switched like on the back end of my high school career. Switched to everybody started going to they own shit at first. Everybody just played. I think that's whack now though. And then I know it's a shoe thing and a sponsor thing. Yeah but I think it just like, you don't gotta, if you go to the right circle, you ain't gotta run to nobody. That's a fact. Like if you play for Under Armour, You ain't running into shit. You ain't gotta play nobody. But you wanna play everybody though. Yeah but if you who the kids is Now, they don't want Play everybody. Nah they don't. It is crazy. I never understood that bro. They, they don't wanna play people and then they also post everybody.


You know The craziest thing to me was when they always playing they age group. I'm like y'all don't all play seventeens bro. Yeah, that is wild. The fifteens and I'm like that. That's crazy bro. Yeah it is kind of crazy. Like I'm killing the a u you're playing 15 year olds and you're actually 16. I just be like, y'all don't wanna play Cooper flag bro. Yeah, because I mean it ain't nothing but varsity Basketball, that's all it is. That's what We used to say. We like. It's the same thing Bro. Y'all played varsity when y'all go high school. Well I'm sure when did you stop playing? 1415 U You was probably on the 17 U team probably when you got high school. Yeah. Yeah. Immediately. We played 17 when we was in eighth grade. I played eighth grade. I almost played Brandon Jen bro. When he was in his last year of high school.


We just got beat. We played, I played Kenny boy I was in eighth grade. Yeah. And I was playing on the eighth grade team. I was playing with PJ and him just played up. That's how we was. We got, I forgot the dude that went to Tennessee and Iowa. He went to Iowa first and ended up going to Tennessee. But we played them when I was in eighth grade. Jesus and nigga like LeBron James. Who the fuck is this? We About play Brandon Jen, we was probably gonna lose about a hundred points. We was about to Play 'em. We was we. Yeah. Y'all played Southern Cal. They done got to it bro. We was kids bro. We was all twin elbow to the Head bro. We was, we was playing buddy, I forgot the dude name bro. Phil remembering. But we was playing him and we was up 15.


They coach, he was gonna prep school. Oh wow. He wasn't even, he was a senior gonna prep school. He was like, they coach was like these are fucking Kids. What are y'all doing? We all 15, we laugh, You know us like yeah we about to beat these. They they sad. You know we think everybody's sad from different states. When we play y'all, we like ever since I went to a, B, c, D camp, all that shit is Fu G to me. I be like they can't hoop for real. Yeah. So that's how we feel. Can't hoop for real. Nah. That's how we felt because You know we was a team like we gonna barge you and all that. Man that motherfucker turned LeBron James. Then he start running us over dunking that bitch. We lost about 15. I'm like, all right. They like, yeah he going wherever he want to go. He like yeah damn. You know us and my dad they only, they they just going to high school.


That's crazy. They gonna be Freshman. That's crazy bro. Yeah man that exposure is lost man. Kids definitely wanna play that age group. I'm sad to see it is what it is though. Flo substance in the super chef says, Hey fellas, any thoughts on the $2 billion settlement and a rule change on schools being allowed to pay athletes directly? Yes. This is crazy Mo tap in, they are having some retroactive pay as well man. He said it's Only the 2016 bro. Oh I'm sorry. Sorry to hear that brother. But he was in there 2016 tap in. Well I mean how did they to 0.8? How did they come out with that year though? That's What I'm saying. Why that specific year what we can afford Realistically. That's probably the point. That's probably that ain't even, that's gonna be a thousand dollars for like everybody That's cool because it's for girls too.


Yeah it ain't just Dude. Oh for the entire program. Yeah And it's for girls and it's for football players too. Right. It's for all athletes. All athletes, all sports bro. It's gonna be like a thousand dollars for everybody. Maybe they gonna get that band and be like man I thought I was about to get a hundred. At least they about get a g. I don't know. A lot of motherfuckers died so be a little more. I don't think they gonna put that in. I'm gonna say in the church's pot because you got pay. Hey, how much you think it is? 520,000 students times four. 2 million. Carry the One Divided by billion. Use your pinky. The Niggas that died they going, it's not for sure they not passing that out.


Yeah. All them niggas that passed away. But you look at it now, what's it the rule now you can pay your roster is what they up to 20, 20.5. Yeah. That's the whole school though, right? I think so. Jesus Card. So you gotta think football gonna take 75% of the money then basketball they Had to put a cap on if you good though Ba nah football take all the money anyway 'cause of the TV deals and shit. They got a lot of people too. So it is up to 20 million right? It is the cap. Yes. For the school Or the per school. Per school. So you gotta pay the football team 75%. All the top players going to the Big East and basketball. They Got no Football team. No football teams. That's What I'm saying if You so it's, it is pretty much a rap. SEC about be dead. Yo.


SEC is dead. Big 10, big 10, low key dead. Damn. Nah Big 10 gonna be solid. Nah bro. If you, you only got a cap for 20 million. That alumni basis though going to, that's just from the record from the school you Yeah, I'm saying so the NIL gonna have to step up. Oh it will for sure. Oh yeah they ain't gonna lose them Big 10 is not losing they kids. But nigga if I'm, I'm a player I'm going to the big East, they have no football. Especially like who gonna got a team at all Lot of Xavier? No they Xavier. Yeah Boom. Don't have a football team I don't think. Free bands. Free bands bro. Yeah, I never heard of a nigga going to Xavier to play football. I think they don't have a football team that but I believe, I dont think they have a football team.


Matter of fact they don't have a football team. The funny thing about that shit though is like you said you get directed from the school now a, you could probably still get your NIL deal that oh you will get your NIL deal lick. That's where you make it. That's where you gonna make it red at the NIL. But I'm sure it got something to do with revenue though. Get your sponsors and all that shit bro. Dang. 1972 is the last football team. Oh yeah They done giving niggas 3 million though. Yeah think so. But but if you go to Xavier you can get 600,000 when you only could probably get two 50 from some other schools. Niggas getting two 50 now and they mad bro. College niggas, they like we got two 50. They like what bro? Like that's a lot of Money. A nigga told me the other day, man that nigga offered me 80 bands.


Like What Bro said boy you, you go to, I don't wanna say where you going. That's Crazy. But he was mad pissed Like bro 80 bands got him mess up. He's like what I'm gonna do with 80, that's a great job. I gotta get the number. It's exactly $1,346 per player. Yeah 2016 I told you like a band. Yeah they put that 2.7 billion to make it sound good. Yeah but it's about everybody. You spread that shit through the Whole damn world. You know what's crazy, I had got $7,000 from when I was on that match March Madness game. For real. Damn. So that mean they made a lot of money off that game. They gave me seven bands. Damn that's fire. And also probably why it went out too.


'cause You know shortly after that we still ain't got one. They trying to come back this year but that may make sense now they couldn't afford their license. It yeah I got seven bands. Damn. Good question for sure. That's all I was worth. I know niggas was playing with me Airway for as false. Like I worth key. I know my, I know my player was You know what you Worth but this is What you got. Yeah I know my player was getting picked Up. Who gonna find that one? Kd. I think KD was on the front of your cover. You don't gotta look it up Mike. I was think Alright man living in Bremington Connor Bros. Real estate turn up Said first off Love y'all show Keep up the great work Storm in FPO Cake City. Okay and F the NBA and the disrespect they shown Seattle.


Oh wow. Alright brother I'm gonna get your shit off brother. Yeah it is scoring fan man. The NBA should be in Seattle though. Expansion team definitely go Seattle man that was a great fan. Shout out to OKC man. I say Vegas first and then take it to Seattle. Me too. The over unders in Vegas is gonna be crazy. You gonna go into a slot machine at half time the players killed bro. All the gambling they gonna be doing. That's Part bro. Put Mike Beasley Lance on the team bro. Start it off right. You gonna start off in debt with both of the league cards. You ain't gonna finish. You game it all and I on average I just did the other number. Yes sir. If we did the average of 500 athletes at each school and they all got paid equally, it is about $41,000 per player.


It would not be paid equally. I'm just saying if it was, it'd be about 41,000 per player. So your shot footer pissed get paid as you, Hey you better know them track and field athletes were getting paid shit. They Would be pissed about getting 40 Gs bro. These Kids, this is gonna be the football team, the boys basketball team. Then the rest of y'all good luck. Yeah get out the mug. Track and field athletes just be happy to have a full ride scholarship. For real. That's how they be doing 'em though. I ain't even trying to be funny. They doing 'em greasy unless they return to Olympians. Shit the only one that got real money softball is that one softball girl from Texas Tech and she got that meal. Solid record shout tag Queen. Ain't nobody else doing that. Texas Tech got that real money though.


Yeah they got you. Y'all better tap in if y'all know now Softball I could definitely softball and volleyball. I could definitely see some bread getting poured heavy into that as well. I don't know what that NIO game's like but I know those are very two popular sports. Texas Tech got that real money if y'all know, y'all know Tap in shout out to that queen getting that M secure that bag back in the W Man the mystics took care of the son belt to ass situation. 1 0 4 to 67. I Brittany Seman going crazy. Mrs. Turner it around. I mean they four and six foot last year they was super bad man. Leave Connecticut Tina Charles please leave. Please leave 17 nine. We just talk about your your amazing stats you don't deserve. She's four Y'all. She on her way Out. I mean she a Yukon legend. She don't deserve the Connecticut son.


Legend quality Buckets out here bro. 17 she solid. Yeah Bro Links they champions this year. She's been the League like at least 15 years. Yeah It's been while. She deserves better than this bro. Don't go out like this. The Sun, they got a lot of shit going on. They don't even know who the owner gonna be but the links like you said Stay undefeated. Nine that oh took care of the wings. 81 60. The wings are deplorable. They gonna get Juju, the Wings, the Sky Tank City, the the Wings getting Juju. If I'm Juju I'm staying in school before I go back and play now on her ca What's her name page? Yeah, Age hurt right now Ain't she? Yeah but the Iron page link up, that's a, that's a nasty back court. I ain't mad at it.


NVV she went crazy yesterday. 28 and 10. Ms. McBride had 21 and three and Enrique Hooped out with 26 as well. Yeah there wings definitely bucket. Nah they're not looking good man. Enrique go get her buckets above but it's not part to move on for sure. Possibly CC should be back this week, You know what I'm saying? The fee for stayed afloat. They was looking real bad without her. We got a quality dub. The N-B-W-N-B-A is back. The real is back. Bring the real back man. WNBA is back. How Many games do they play for? Real? Like 40. It's still early. It's still early then. Yeah They shouldn't rush it. I think they put like 38. Nah They play like they raised it this year. Oh for real? Yeah 44 44 games. Yeah they raised it so we good.


It is only, that's only eight games. They solid. Yeah I be good and everybody else. And I mean you got a couple killers in there every everybody else kind of middle the pack. Well I'm just saying that WNBA is back. Oh absolutely. Literally the prices are back up. Yeah prices back up. Crowds will be back in attendance. That's shout out to Stephen A if You know you don't get there. We get there shortly. Shout to the Tel. No we ain't getting there. Shout out. Shout out to my family though. Over at the Sentel. Yeah Wwn B I've done it once again. They hate this until, 'cause everybody You know they be quick to react to stuff to normal fan base. Yeah they just not paying no attention bro. They been causing that happy on internet man. But that's when You know people kind of running outta stuff to say we love Stephen A but bro you got lock in bro.


Like you gotta lock in. It is literally a parody like it's a joke bro. Nobody, you should be vetting all this stuff a couple times before it gets to you. For sure. And also this is not your first time biting debate so you went on a whole rant about some fake news. It's crazy. Brought up her getting locked up. Y'all know I'm with the shit He went Off bro. So before I locked in and figured out who it was, I said oh that's cousin, they'll play it again Because I had some shit for her today. I didn't even know that came from them. That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah that's the, that's Ken folk. Him bro. Alright. And he went crazy. Nah he, he Sp the fuck out So we gonna leave that one alone because this is fake.


So. Alright, Check Shit. I was gonna turn this motherfucker up today. Hey be him. I want you to read those next two. I'm not even gonna read those. I would love for you to read 'em Be him man. Be I like what Charles can tell. Shout, shout to Chuck man. I don't know when we gonna have him pop. He gonna come to field day. We gonna have Chuck and Field Day doing all the events. That's Gonna be, Mike said when y'all gonna have Charleston White do the WNBA segment. Oh yeah. What's I mean he shit what? What we get about a hundred mil Come Right, We solid to a five 20 Here go crazy y we'll be hated.


Well we already come to it that much shouts Mike


Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 17th. Shop in store or online for your favorite personal care items and save $5 when you spend $15 or more. Stock up on items like Dove Body wash degree, motion sense deodorant, trea, may hairspray, dove shampoo, dove Bar soap, dove Men's Body and Face Wash and Dollar Shave Club blades and save $5 when you spend $15 or more. Hurry in before these deals are gone. Offer ends June 17th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


The NBC Nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Broka. We hope to See you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yams is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on N-B-C-M-O-B scores.


The race took care of the all yesterday. Three to two Padre. Shout out to Brewers one oh Pirate took care of the Phillies two to one. The Rangers took care of the nationals. Four to two Diamondbacks back to losing again. Reds took care of them yesterday. Fo Deuce Tiger shot the Cubs four zero. Shout to the Guardians for holding it down against the Astros. Four to two Royals took care of the White Sox. Seven to five the twins beat the Blue Jays six to three Dodgers took care of the Cardinals. Seven to three man the Mets put belt to ass against the Rockies yesterday. 13 to five. I mean we don't expect the Rockies to win shit but show up man. Yeah, show up. What about a fight? Yeah man. Stand up the Braves bro. I'm Sicko. Four three.


John carried them yesterday. Athletics put the beat down on the Orioles. Five to one. The Mariners defeated the Angels three to two in a high scoring game yesterday. Rivalry game. Red Sox took care of the Yankees. 11 to seven. Very five buckets. Who was getting to it this weekend? Be him. I'm gonna give him to my boy Che man. Okay. My boy came through, stepped up game two, You know what I mean? It's going to my dog. Man You giving Che your verified bucket of that performance yesterday is a choice. And I respect it. That it's crazy. No we don't because My boy came back to life and he was locking shit up yesterday holding the pain down. So shout out to my guy Che. You could said Aren Wigga who had to 18 off the bitch. Nah, Carus over 20. Nah you with to Chet. Y'all know who I'm a fan of man.


Shout out to Che bro. First Man tell you who you got. I got Phil Mickelson bro. That shot he hit the other day was unbelievable. Hey man, shout out to OG Phil Man. Oh this would be no Phil. Phil. What club he got? Mike over his Own head. It looked like a sandwich. That's fucking crazy. Might have Like, that was insane. He might have like a 56 degree or something. That was crazy. Hey can We run that back bro? That league bro. Yeah. That's a crazy shot. Ain't a celebration. Was like this like He in the sand on the hill on bro. That is crazy.


That's Tough bro. Crazy. Nah, he raw. OG Phil wanted the ghost to do it. That's a hell of a shot right there. Nah, he raw for that. Damn sure can't do that. Put put. Alright Mo, who you got? I'm go with SGA man. He ain't break a sweat. 38, 34, 8 and five Something slight. Man. Man. Two women who deserve all the praise in honor for this weekend. First and foremost Cocoa Golf. Shout to that queen man taking care of business man. Second Grand Slam. First American to do it. And the first open since Serena in 2015. She is holding it down man. Coco Golf is a young phenom. She is cold man. Shout out to her. And MVP went crazy. The Fesa Colier had 28 and 10 looking like she gonna get an MVP and possibly get that title Man Mo.


If you gonna choose one of my players, bro. Yo energy gotta be better than that. I, I didn't like that bro. I'll talk to later When you choose. I am, choose one of them pacer niggas bro. If you going to have that low vibration, don't, don't mention nothing about OK C. Fuck. Alright, that's, that's, that's really out of pocket bro. And you loud individual bro. Alright, let me, let me hate on you real quick. Why they, why they don't get mad when you root for OKC? I been saying something. This shit is crazy from fucking Indianapolis, India. Well Let's go to the origin of this. It's crazy bro. Mind you for one. You not me. So he's, he's whatever beef he got with me, my y the world.


I show him so much love. I show you love. I'm actually like, no but listen, why you get the, you get, you get to call girls fat. Everybody laughs. That's the origin of this shit. This nigga had a party. Mind you, I've been calling this girl fast and she was 12. She still pushing to the both her. That's my whole girl. He says something to her, she throws a fucking fit. How to walk her to her car. She hate his fucking guts. So that just where that's coming from from him. But why they don't care care about me bro. 'cause I've been on this forever bro. You have. They don't like it coming from you because you play for them. Like, You know what I'm saying? It's like why hate the Pacers? But You know I Don't hate the Pacers but I But when you Gave your story of why it kind of, it softened up bro.


No I was just Wonder. I'm like, everybody always write me and be like you pacer her. I'm be like damn. They be like be here my nigga though. Yeah. I be like he don't want the pacer to win. I do talk shit. But I'm a realist though bro. I told y'all if Tyrese win, you gotta give him a statue. I'm a realist. I've never liked the Pacers though Bro. That is a fact. Like Never ever, ever like the pace bro. You actually suited up like they, this is why it's so crazy too how this shit spread bro. They had Travis best in a better seat than you in the gun with this shirt Tuck. Hey see that's real tv. See that's why I gotta be who I'm see hey also, yeah shout out to this.


Yesterday when Coco Golf took care of homegirl Arnia, she was like yeah she didn't really win. I lost 'cause I played bad. Hey that's hate. No it's not kicked your ass. That's what happened. The hate, that's how, that's how I always is. I play bad. She's not better than me. I play bad. Nah, we saw the match. She's better than you. Stop the hate. She is better than her. Fuck her. Shout out to Coco. My fault retweet. She only said there 'cause she was black so that's why I got mad. There we go. She cleaned. She cleaned it up. But what'd she say? She didn't have a choice. She basically Just apologized. Was like I was, I was hotheaded. Yeah she was emo with it. Yeah I was emotional. Sound Like Mike. That's how Mike be acting on Quick. That good. Dang. Shout to Mike. Alright in the super chat. Sean Stewart said shout to Club five 20.


Coach T been rocking Kings with you since you was killing down at Wake Mo. Stone coach Kentucky dj Real OG my dog. Be here in the goat and shout to Freaky Mike and Barbie. Shout to you Sean. Appreciate your game on Sean. I fuck with you bro. For sure. Peres, that's a wild name. That's hard. Per 30. If I could have any NBA player to have y'all back in the street fight. Who y'all picking? James Johnson. James Johnson. Easy James Johnson. My dog on man. I hope my boy get a chip man. So we can go out on the boat and wear our rings. Y'all gotta go back to Wake and flex? Yeah we just walking around already. That Would be hard Though. Take pictures for all of with me CP and James. My Boy had a crazy year old Yesterday.


Oh no. No fault. Not cp me, Tim Duncan and James. What I have, I don't know why I said cp. When you think, wait before you to say CP motherfucker? Yeah I'm happy you said it. You about to click that shit and stop right there. I don't know if y'all want TD on the boat though. But he got five rings. Aren, he how many, how many times? What He looking like now? That That, that's a really problem. Do he He YN now. Oh Tim Dun lookalike future then Gotta park. Hey future, future hairstyle's crazy. The New one? Yeah. Shit This is the rebrand. The Wanda sights new tape on the way. Yeah, see that? Hey that he can't get on gold. Okay. Ah nah he, he, he, he on the boat.


Okay well freaky tell shout him out. He got my new little honey dippy on the boat. Do he, he back with a a bunny. I don't, I mean You know of he got a bunny You know Of course he should see TM gotta come back to your side bro. He come to a barbecue man. That's what we gonna have on the boat for sure. This barbecue. Oh man, what did he say? Barbecues good. Me going slap your mama. I told you. Go ahead. That's Mo shit. Go ahead boo. Hey one location so it's near you. The right there. What he say about the be say about he say Mama still shaking.


Classic movie for show man. Alright man get one sold on the clips. I gotta watch that now man. I ain't seen that fire next in a while. That's a great fucking movie. Nobody want that damn salt. That potato salad. Willie Bow, he got concussion for life bro. Wow. Watch number nine. Oh You know you got hit hard when number nine Flinch like that. God damn Shit bro. That's crazy. You wouldn't know what's fuck up about this. I need a pitcher's fault. He could have killed him Bro. That's the pitcher. Swamp low ain't bro. He coulda killed him. Don't he get low?


Well typically at the, You know what I'm saying, when you about to start an ending like that after the routine he throw it to a second, they throw it around a base and then he get to the pitcher. So. Oh my God. But the catch a wild into it. That was a a wild ass throw. He fired that bitch too Nigga. He hit him so hard. Knocked off the hat when you fitted get knocked off. Right man. Have y'all seen the video of Randy Johnson killing that bird? Yeah. Yeah bro, he just got a dome piece like that bro. That god damn he probably out for like bro, his head hurt right now bro. Bro worth to God. Yeah we just watch somebody get CT bro. I, I legit refuse to go to the bating cages now. I don't want go against a pitcher. That nigga was a catcher nigga. That's what I'm saying bro.


Exactly. Nah, I'm not saying I couldn't hit the ball. I'm saying because nigga if that motherfucker hit me Ah yeah you gonna be in trouble. Bull straight to the trunk. I don't know if you gonna make You gonna make it right away, we gonna have to help you. Yeah I guess we gonna have to walk you through. You gonna around shoot yourself y y'all y y'all gonna be cherry around. How did on that one, that 1 0 6 Park get, get the electricity, bring it back to life. That shit it hilarious bro. Got y pitch. Aint Drew a fool bro. Drew Ski the best on internet bro. He a fool. Oh easily bro. Oh that was all what we got next. That is funny but oh yeah re man she missing it in p.


Turn this off man. No, No, no, no. Lemme watch. No bro this mic and drills is out pocket. Turn this off y'all. We not doing that. No we is not. No now turn it off Bro. I know what could help Y'all. Hey I She got Hake e lajuan and Lisa Leslie. They gotta step in. Listen I both of them, this is the last thing I'm gonna do. We not talking about Angel Reese no more. Charles's Angel Reese. Unless it's in a positive light bro. That was positive. She was practicing. No, y'all keep making fun of her and people gonna start thinking we got a problem with her and we don't. No I love Andrew Reese. We love Andrew. She damn Miles. Yeah. Yeah this, this is a bright spot from yesterday. Love the clip.


We got our as whoop we got a highlight though. Miles punched up. Yeah Miles Dr. Shit. Isaiah Hartstein. It was cool. That's hate. Hey you go with that low energy. That's that's I mean it was cool shit. A great dunk bro. It was cool. You lose about 20 you hate. Oh now you care about the score. That's crazy man. How You get hyping you down 20. Y'all mad at y'all kids. They get hyped. Y'all get your ass torch like that. Get your ass back. Go get him Moo. That's right. Get well. Khaw Davis mad.


He had a bad weekend, dog came in overweight then after fight him and his brothers jumped a boxer. I think that's absolutely hilarious. Part of it though. It Wild and Bro, but he had a bad weekend man. Well soon brother next good will soon bro. That can't be you Can't jump me 'cause I won the match bro. Like what are we doing bro? Nah, me and my brother own that bro. So it is what? Who Is the security and all that bro. Who I got killed with you. I gonna jump me 'cause I'll beat you on a sport. Oh bro. Nah, he said he was talking bad to me. Oh yeah, there's the security. He too little. See that's why you can't have volunteer workers working security at these events. That is my prime example.


He said bro, I made $26 in there. I ain't got time for none of this bullshit. That police officer scared. Bitch you got a gun. Put that motherfucker in the ear. Stop. I think that's a problem with us with police and just using guns at the wrong time. But maybe for another conversation.


Definitely child to Boost Mobile man we appreciate y'all. Y'all know the vibes. $25 unlimited talk text and data. But the first three must be here $15 baby. Come on, tap in Nationwide. Boost Mobile. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back same time tomorrow morning, five 20 In The Morning.


The volume


Some stands for. So others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 17th. Shop in store or online for your favorite personal care items and save $5 when you spend $15 or more. Stock up on items like Dove, body wash degree, motion sense deodorant, trea, may hairspray, dove shampoo, dove bar soap, dove men's body and Face Wash and Dollar Shave Club blades. And save $5 when you spend $15 or more. Hurry in before these deals are gone. Offer ends June 17th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers in communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


You have a long list of things to deal with. Check dry eye symptoms off with refresh, relieve pf extra lubricant eye drops, offering an advanced formula to soothe and hydrate your dry eyes refresh. Relief of PF extra includes moisture locking technology that prevents further irritation and gives you lasting relief. You deserve relief from your dry eye symptoms and your eyes deserve extra. Find Refresh online or in the eyedrop section at all major retailers. FSA and HSA eligible.


This is an iHeart podcast.