
The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camilla Ramon at Am Emily Ortiz. And our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide. And we cover it all This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Lott. And this Is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Sir, Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports, This kind of star studded a little bit. Man, We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen To new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm ready to fight. Oh, this is fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer back.


Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever we need to use our voices to fight back. Part of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, You know, We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My is DJ Wells. Everybody pulled up this morning. We got Bishop Young Nacho five 20 Mook Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's hanging bro? What up niggas? Come on man. NBA playoffs going on man. Hey first nigga first before we get into the action yesterday, man wrote a clip, man. Nap Town legend Oscar Robinson. Man, we found some footage. Yeah, these niggas was sad bro. Pause that Mike bro. Bro, play that back. Play it back please. Because that shit is trash, bro. Yeah, that's ridiculous. Like why is you rebounding like that bro?


Who? Nobody's even around you bro. You Out there playing like And you be talking so much shit about these new age players man. And you doing this side ass shit. Look, can't even do the splits in the air. Lame ass stinky man. That's crazy. Get this s Smart off this new talent, man. Shout out big Obit. That's crazy. Ain't Know. Shout out. All smart, Big old, average Triple, double respected And they was hooping and chucks. Hey that's Crazy. They find everything with Will hundred point game. I'm getting sick and tired of that. It might be some CAPP in that bro. I'm, I'm rolling bro. I, I'll say, Oh you crazy bro. I Don't leave bro. He average 50. I Need to see something bro.


They got Oscar Robinson doing a split sweep battle bro. I need to see something bro. I need y'all Stupid. Yeah, I don't care bro. Tall. See the game, he don't care bro. Kobes 81 still stands. But listen man, some great basketball took place yesterday. Lakers even up the series yesterday. 94 to 85. Luca went crazy. 31, 12 and nine, almost a triple dub. LeBron had 21, 11 and seven. Austin Reeds at 16 Jr. Hooped out yesterday with 27 and six and AE had 25 and six. Tell you looking like a prophet man. You called how that game was gonna go. Told You it was gonna be a tough game. It was gonna be a little fro for a couple of players on the temper Wolves. But we knew that was coming. NBA got even the series, they gotta make the series last as long as they can.


But Also the timber wheels didn't shoot as well as they did in the first half. They didn't get out. I mean the first game they didn't get out and transition like they did in the first game. Facts. They didn't make shots and they didn't share the ball. They got stuck in Julius Randall hand and Anthony Edwards hand and these other guys didn't make shots to her. They didn't even get no shots. Really? Yeah, you're gonna see, you're gonna look into the splits of some of the, like the distribution, the shots. Yesterday you had eight, having 22, you got ju hurdle was 17, then the next one was 11. When Jay McDaniels, nobody else over that had eight shots. Nas Rio only got eight shots. That's the recipe for disaster. Yeah. When he just got you what, 25 last game? Yeah, But You know he, he double foul triple two so Most definitely. Yeah, that was definitely the point. Like you said you look in the first half you had multiple players with three fouls, one with two.


They out there hacking it up man. Well they probably wasn't but You know how it was gonna go. Oh It's a Laker whistle. Yeah, for okay for sure be here. What's up with your team man? Is this okay? You know what I'm saying? That they had a lack less performance or is it happy that they just took the split? They just happy they took the split. They ain't supposed to be there anyway. Lose trash this year. You still standing on that Yoda playoffs man, you, it is okay to celebrate. Y'all got Yoda West. You talk about how hard the west is man, It is. The west is tough. You know what I mean? Shout out to AE but I just y'all for, for him to call the game yesterday and it go how it go bro? The NBA is bullshit. So it is what it is man. I mean the Lakers ain't gonna lose twice at the crib Though.


If it can't be fair bro, then I'm nothing bro. It is fair bro. They ain't get no Shots. They ain't hear no Shots. Ain't no shot. They shot crazy. Y'all got it bro. You Aisha cur it gave Riggs. I just, I mean they put a little gas on certain stuff So, so that, so that plays a part in the game bro. I'm nothing bro. But they, this nigga said well tonight y'all niggas gonna be in foul trouble Man. I mean yeah that's, that's the NBA but Well the first game they didn't miss no shots bro. Record setting three That was hitting everything. They really probably should have lost that one bro. They came out and shot crazy bro. I mean the score was 94 85 in this game bro.


Dude that's asy Im trying to So those fouls bro, that shit, that shit matters bro. Nah, that shit matters bro. Yeah and If it was a blow out I'd be like shit, it don't even feel like that. And em start playing like Jalen Brunson though. Yeah, outta ISO bro. Yeah, I honestly, and and shout to Jr. He had 27 but boy that ball did not get rotated once it came his way. Boy no swings. Yeah. Nah, he was gonna keep that ball. Yeah, the biggest difference I looked at game one, You know the timber balls had 25 points in transition. Lakers had basically six last night is the flip flop. Timber wheels had six, Lakers had 13 so you take away almost 20 points. You had a lot of them, threes came from open shots. They had a execute in half court setting. It got sticky yesterday. So what y'all think this go? Six or five? Ooh Wow.


It's going six for for sure it was Six. I could see it going six and He gonna get another one for sure. It's gonna go six. Okay. We, I mean I don't think we've seen that ae moment check. Yeah he's gonna have that one game where he goes crazy. Get that dub especially, You know what I'm saying, pulling up to the crib. Yeah. Yeah, He's, he's gonna show out at the crib. He, but LeBron haven't had a moment really yet either though, so nah, he's aggressive Last night. He ain't scored 20 yet. Yeah, Yeah. He's being a little aggressive though. Yeah man, that's kind of tough. Well LeBron had that short, Well he T one yet but it wasn't like, it wasn't, it wasn't like LeBron man like he had the first game, it wasn't, it looking like a hard 20. I'm cool. I'm cool with this LeBron right now though. Let Luca take over. Don't get tired. We gotta make this run bro. So you saying You know what I'm saying, stay, You know what I'm saying, just Chill for a little.


Play the crush Sports half Luca get us through there and then LeBron gonna come through bro. I mean yeah if you winning shit win The game watching these games though. They can't be OKC. Probably not bro. OKC look crazy right now. They can't be OKC Bro. Their energy too different bro. My boy shit, They can't Beja my boy shit They can't be KC Jaylen Williams A, they can't be o Yeah, I was Gonna say boy they get up and down the corner. Nate, Michael Wicked bro. They can't be okay. See they playing a a U ball bro. They out there running it Gun. Yeah bro, chill like That. And the confidence is sky high through the roof. Most definitely Minnesota. What they gonna do game three? What you think they need to adjust to?


They gonna be play, they gonna be playing at home obviously. So the energy gonna be different. The crowd gonna be crazy and the playoffs, Minnesota really has a really good crowd. They show up and show out so. Okay. The energy gonna be crazy in the building. Obviously most teams, most players shoot better at home. Yeah. So we shouldn't expect them to shoot this bad. You get to sleep in your own bed, you get your, your food, your normal routine when you at the crib. So I'm sure Dante Diva Chance. So all these guys come off the bench gonna play a little better and they play a little freer at home. I expect them to win game three but I don't got, I don't got 'em winning both at home. They gonna split even a series of going back to LA Man winning game three.


It would be huge for them. Yeah It would be great. And that's, that's the game they gotta win. 'cause if you lose game three it's dark, it's quiet. Yeah it get quiet man. A lot of pressure Be here. Y'all get game three. You feeling a little bit different, you still No. Okay. Okay Listen, It's consistent. I respect it. Listen, y'all know I don't wanna say the N NBA's rigged but y'all said don't nobody wanna see the Timberwolves vans. The money is on the Lakers so Lakers at five or six. We had a good year. Let's make some trades in the off season to get right. Skip better man. Yeah that's it. That's it man. No allegations for ae this summer lock kid ain't get in the gym, hop in the movie or something and just chill bro.


Advance the brand. Advance the brand. Yeah please stop the internet because the fun you see you got 50 K for the fun. Yeah Dante pull up you y'all about to get out of there. Don't slide, we'll pull up on you either way. 15 so we can line it up For sure. Oh man. Sorry I had to do this so early. The show my man Mike Conley, nap town legend Get Well Soon man. What happened to Mike? Oh for shit. Oh yeah, yeah he got Wiki yesterday. Oh man. Yeah Big Donut yesterday. Oh okay. You know I mean but see he, he didn't had six, he didn't have a cool moment. Yeah. Six boys Did something on the court. Did six rebounds is solid. He pinched the motherfucker. Yeah. Did something.


Good job OG six, You know. Did you at least scratch him? Six rebounds between one minute, Second kind crazy guard. But also shit they need, they need Mike to play better than that. Nah, they, they can't have games like that for Mike. They depend on him way too much. This Is why they should have been letting what's the name play Right And re can't play like that from, From the beginning bro. 'cause he had been groomed and ready right now if he played the whole year. Yeah, now you can't just, I mean you can throw him out there but it'll be tough. Yeah, that dude was tearing Shane out there for a couple minutes yesterday. He kind of looked like a deer hair like bro, if he had played the last play Whole year bro. I ain't even see Rob on the bench though. Was he, Brian ain't there, is he even there? Is he hurt or something? I didn't even see him on the bench. He's an Active, That's why they should have used him the whole year bro.


Especially the way the league gets they running now bro. The young guys is getting up and down. He showed he could play. Yeah. Yeah. Let him get a moment for sure after Rod Mike, but Yeah. Okay. Rod ain spray. Yeah. I about to say I ain't even seen him on the bench But hey play through or nasty. Yeah. Speaking of it active too. Max Cleaver for the Lakers? Yeah. Do y'all see him coming and contributing for this team? Maybe not this round, but I mean he's a, he's a capable shooter for sure. Yeah, he another defender and rebounder so he can make a shot. He'll bet He know how to play. Yeah, he'll help Man. Sure. Alright man. Shout out to RS for time up the series yesterday. Just get straight to it man. Pulled up to the bridge and came back, You know what I'm saying? With a, a shout to the Patriot to take care of the bucks yesterday 1 23 to one 15.


You know what I'm saying? Peace skills went crazy yesterday. 24 and 11. The overrated point guard in the NBA had 21 and 12 and five. Giannis had 34, 18 and seven and BP went crazy yesterday with 28 and 12 Dames First game back had 14 to seven Pacers in five. Bro. Pacer was in four. I ain't they gonna win one. I ain't gonna lie. I'm Being disrespectful. The Pacers, they just a bad matchup for the Bucks bro. Yo Pacers is like a college team. They they pick up full court. Mm. They play fast. They, they all like each other and shit. It's like a college team bro. It is. All right. They a a tough team to play.


Like they actually a really good team they actually made for the playoffs. Right. They know who they guy is. Pascal is that guy yo. And then they got a bunch of people that contribute and just do play they role but they play hard as shit. And on any given night how hard they play, they can beat you. Yeah. Having six people in double figures is tough And that game bridge for some reason That's crazy. They play good as hell at home. Oh yeah. The game size is up in the bridge baby Good in there bro. Yeah they going crazy And I always like playing in in Indiana because the court, the, it's smaller like the arena, they don't got that crazy backdrops so people usually shoot well there and from the looks of thing like they shoot well every time they play there.


All right. Come on man. You know what it is we cook in the crib for sure. Man. I don't even know where to start. I'll start with the bucks. What's going on with that team? Man you got a crazy game from Giannis. You get a basically a 30 ball from BP and it's still not enough. Is it the team or is it just they gotta figure something else out in the off season. They just don't got enough players bro. Like their role players aren't good. Good for real. Like Ksma, he ain't giving what they thought he was gonna get and He had 12 yesterday, Five or 10. He ain't the role player. They need them gritty. I lock up. Mm Oh yeah. You know what I mean. Like I lock up, I I guard They need a Dylan Brooks immediately.


Yeah. Gary Trent was gonna do some Of that. Yeah and that's what I was gonna say. Gary Trent was that person they had a vision for that. Kevin Porter Jr. Got him in the trade help for he can contribute. I mean he had a really good third quarter yesterday but yeah, like you said they don't have nobody. It's just like that that energy. Yeah. On that team. And they, they gotta get, I love Brooke Lopez but they need something new trying to go Back out yonder. Yeah they, they vibe is too old. Yeah. Put old yellow Down. You watch the Yeah when you watch, when you watch the Bucks play it just give you a old vibe. Yeah they do. You know what I mean? He'd be like damn I'm watching. That's a good call bro. 'cause they they do play. Yeah I'm looking at That's men's league Like the oh nine as they call, they look like the oh nine Hawks bro.


They they Supposed to be playing the 91 Pisses bro. Man it is like the oh nine Hawks. They got like a old vibe to 'em. They need some young fresh, like they need a young big man run up and down catch a loud. Yeah. You know what I mean? They need something fresh. They don't really, they Need a oldford out there. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Nah, they really is. Nah, he would be crazy to be honest. Yeah. They need something fresh. They old like even way like I love bp. BP play old. Nah, he do Minis Physical P is a nineties player. Yeah. Thousand percent fight even To the tester fight. He with the shit. Yeah. It is just a, it's a old field. They don't got no young guys who picking up full court.


They do. They ain't playing like that. And I said he had 28 and 12. I knew they was gonna lose though. Like if he killing like that y'all in trouble bro. Like he had to have every one of them buckets bro. Yeah. And there was at one point basically what they was doing is they was running him and bp, well excuse me, Giannis and BP pick and Row and we was just trapping. Yoda said BP would get the open shot. He was knocking him down too. Nah, he going, He played great but I don't, I need Dame to get 28 and you to get like 15. Yeah, like Toy and Prince old school. Yeah. I mean he ain't old. He shoot threes in guard but like that can't be yo no, no disrespect to him but like I need something else right there. I I need, I need to buy his Harris or something like they Missed the shit outta Chris Milton bro On me.


I Told y'all that is a a crazy ball bro. They gave up everything they needed bro. They had Chris Middleton, they had JR Holiday. They gave it all away. Had Malik Beasley, they gave it all away. Talk about Mo Bro. They gave away the recipe. They didn't, they didn't need to go get nobody else. This y'all deserve bro. Y'all gave away everything. If They get swept you have to blow the team up that day. Yeah Giannis it's over. They needed, they needed JR Holiday though. They need JR. Holiday bro. That was the perfect player for their team bro to play with Giannis Drew Holiday Facts and they gave him away. I'm gonna tell you right now, this team is not gonna be there in the off season. It is quiet. Hell Doc will probably not be there in the off season. You see what he said in the post conference, we down. Oh too. We we in a good place.


Yeah You be on vacation and then you going to not have a job Doc. Doc believe though Doc believe they They gonna make, it's going to be a different series like they going tie win the game. No, no they going tie it up. It gonna be Doc believes it. It Is going to too. You want, you want two two. I promise you it's gonna be two two. I'm bet Doc is tripping. Bet they tied up oh Hundred dollars. We coming back three one Man they tying this series up boy. That nigga don't never wanna bet me Chad at Pfizer Doc said they tied it up. What's it called? The fi, I can't remember they shit called the Pfizer. I think that Motherfucker now me and you do have a bet though. 'cause you said that the Bucks was gonna beat our ass four one and it's two old so don't forget talk about it.


That's on Rock two. Yeah talk about it. It's not enough. I love they said fuck y. Yeah. Hey man ain't gonna tie it up. Why D Man talk your shit be get ready to play DJ for the be off his thrust. Tell the truth King. We appreciate it. That going towards my be ho ass. It's about to be two two. I'm telling y'all. Nah we gonna get one of 'em games man. I don't think we gonna get Game three But game four we gonna get that for show man. Nah, y'all don't play good on the road. And they play good at home too. They let them tie this up, the s gonna lose. They gonna get scared. They gone.


Hey it's Not Enough. I swear to God they better not let them tie this Up. If we get game three y'all gonna really have to let me just get like a 15 minute iso 'cause I'm be so disrespectful like I did to Nick last year when we walking down. Y'all see how crazy this tables turned on this show. I'm Just saying if they tied up bro Get so to it for the Nah, I I'm saying they that's a hell of a, a hell of a They Team ain't really like that but Happen in less than a minute. Hold on. They got the most capable team though. Like I don't think they players fit for what? Like to be a championship squad. They a couple grittier players. I mean they got some guys that can play but I don't believe in they role players like that. But Damon Damon didn't do nothing last night.


He didn't hoop facts. He gonna hoop one of these games. Yeah. And something gonna happen. And to be fair, he hadn't played basketball in Denver at month. Yeah I I didn't expect him to come out and get, go a crazy guy. Facts. But at some point Damon Lil is going to go off and It is gonna be game three. You know how like, You know how fucking mad he is right now? Yeah He's pissed. Yeah because the ass popping shit and got cracked. He talked all that shit and Halle Bird came out here and torched. So Mr. The overrated gave you ass 21 to 10. Huh? Y'all funny as hell man. Hey Man we just saying they, if they tied up two two, that's gonna be crazy. I know they gonna tie up Patience gonna get scared bro. I know they gonna tired just 'cause they got the two best players. They got the two best players on the court.


Why Are we scared 'em niggas we already sent home. If they go two and two bro, they going get Hey No that's, that's tough too. Fuck it. Patience's in three, let's break up this franchise when we get Milwaukee out the way and Yonas getting free and game beats go play basketball somewhere. He want to actually be at. Thank you. We'll we'll give y'all a card tomorrow. I I de I want them to sweep the books because I want Dame to go where he celebrated and I tolerate. Yeah but he don't deserve this Bro. Yeah, that's the reason why I want the praise. I'm okay with P DJ because I want Dame out of there bro. They gonna tie it up. Watch If they lose this series. You think he's gone Giannis? Nah hell nah. They going to trade on. They ain't gonna go to Miami. Yeah If if if they lose they ain't gonna go some way.


Dame gonna get to Miami. That's the only place I could see him playing that really need him. He could be himself again. Mm that'd be fired too. Yeah He was a perfect fit the whole time. Yeah realistically. Yeah. Yeah he could be himself play with Ba 'cause Dame even though he older he still got, he like a young, he got that young game still pull up a three I Yeah You know I still play like that. Yeah. Step backs and shit. Still effective. Still not person you want to have on one-on-one coverage. You still gotta send help for Dame. They ain't get hot. Dame gets Smart. They don't got, they don't got that vibe in Milwaukee. That's a old, that's a old soul. They city just a old city. Mm You know in blue collar, old gritty city.


Shout to Cream City. They t-shirt they had on the sideline was crazy yesterday Went to Cream City. Cream City. The call little shorty the in or A real that nigga forget he I can remember this. Hey Mans nigga kind of nigga is you. You said But you aint but you ain't supposed to follow up with you.


You my nigga. Whatcha doing? You trying to check me, check me off camera nigga. Kind of weird shit that you on. I was like did this nigga just say somebody Alright listen now that was a fake day. We just being funny bro is not a real person bro. We that's parlay bro. That's A wild parlay Not being parlay. No, no I got you. She in, she in apartments Satellite king. I got You. Don't worry we got Bond tonight man. I ain't coming shout to did y'all see everybody game.


We was talking about the Lakers Game. Why y'all see Kevin Gates go to the game? Yes he was course that was funny. LeBron drop a fire, LeBron ain't gonna walk up the KG like LeBron James beat off Kevin Gates like y'all crazy it up And then Kevin Gates going do some magical shit. That nigga started the car damn battery boy. He said LeBron James the fuck down nigga you better stop playing of Hey The real name Blade Shit That nigga on The show. He said nah but that nigga really punched me on The shit that Cho Cho shout out to Cho. He said nigga punched me for something. He couldn't feel it.


You know what that's called cocaine Moving along then Ley got the sleeves beat off them again yesterday. The gridley what? 18 to 99. Listen there's a reason that the Patriot Bucks is on BA TV and y'all broadcasting this nonsense unfortunately but You know it's gonna be real quick. SGA went crazy is usual 27 to eight J Dub had 24 and six Chet with a double double 20 and 11. Triple J had 26. And how many rebounds you guessed? Six. Six. Ja had 23 and six in deep main 1912 boy come on man. Six Six get six boards, Six piece. I'm I'm doing a bet next game. Oh what's the life jar Jackson for? Six Locked, locked.


Shout to draft keys money D 96 and Super Chat says is okay see this good or Memphis just a bad matchup? Both. Both. Okay. So he is really good and exciting. They play a fast brand of basketball. They lock up and you obviously you can tell they all like each other but Memphis Grizzlies losing they coach and all that. This is why they look like that 'cause Memphis not a bad team. Yeah They Was just two in the west bro. You fire your coach and do all this nonsense and now you, these are the results man. You probably gonna be like what team we just talking about? They just lost everything when they fired everybody Dallas Sons Dallas?


Yeah all them. That's probably the road they about to go down. Damn Man. And that's real 'cause when you look at that situation you lose your coach and then the rotations immediately change as well. It's like you said Luke Kenard ain't even getting ticked. He got 17 minutes last night but game one he was on a bench the entire time. Like the vibes ain't there right now man. He Don't even know what he doing. Yeah and it ain't his fault he got thrown in the fire but like like you said he just reaching and throwing shit out there like damn Luke car Luke Canard didn't play the first game. Fuck it. We gonna throw Luke out there today. He probably forgot Luke bitch played it first. Yeah he just throwing anything see if anything stick to the wall. I looked at him he he look confused bro. Yeah it looks like he really knows what he doing. Hell nah. Yeah that's gotta suck 'cause he's thrown in the fire. 'cause basically he gotta do whatever ownership wants him to do right now because he probably trying to keep a job and see what's going on.


He can't even do no but wouldn't Do nothing. I wouldn't even want to keep that job like if I'm him. No, no, no because You obviously you don't know what the hell you doing right now but obviously the ownership is running whatever it is. The gm, whoever it is, they running everything and if you next in line it don't seem like the player is fucking with you like that. 'cause usually they play hard for the coach. They like, 'cause if you look at Denver they got the new assistant being the head coach and these niggas is playing hard as hell. Yeah tell they know him. Yeah they rocking With hell Yeah they playing hard as shit so I don't know SGA was 10 for 29. Oh yeah he puts that bitch up now. God Damn. Yeah don't don't don't you ever he gonna get them up bro.


Every time his 30 is a it is 30 for a reason. That's crazy. Yeah he he gets attempts. Yeah Bro he had more, You know shot tips and buckets yesterday. That's nasty bro. No it was definitely nasty but we don't never talk about it just 'cause KC win. Yeah he be having a whole lot of nights like that. Hey You know who else used to do that that we, we didn't care about until he got older. Russ. Yeah Russ used to shoot the shit off the ball but he was getting them triple doubles and we didn't carry him until later RU 11 or 34 and I'm like say nothing Allen Iversson shit facts We gonna keep it to beans but I ain't mad at it at all yet. Like I was trying to tell people it ain't hard that I'm don't take outta contest uhoh. It ain't hard to average 25 as long as you got a team that's gonna let you do that.


Yeah like I can go 10 for 29, I could make some shots bro. You gonna make shooting 29, you better make if I can make a couple shots bro that's, and that's not including free throws so he really probably shot, how many free throws did he shoot Four yesterday, which is surprising. Shot four free throws. Yeah so that's four more attempts. I mean he went to the basket two more times so he really shot 29. What did he shoot 29 shots? He shot 31 shots. That's a lot of shots bro. Yeah he just got fouled on too and My other nigga wait 33 got up 20. Oh he shot 31 shots? No he shot 29 did fought from the line? No I'm saying but he went to the basket twice and got foul When you get two free throws when you at the basket? Yeah he same page.


Okay. Yeah He Got up 20. I mean I followed him. I'm just saying I with you. Jaylen Williams shot 20 shots too. He shot 22. Yeah I'm Allstar we just, we just getting it up. I'm Allstar Baby. We play fast, we play faster than everybody. Yeah but 10 for 29 is still sick Bro. Let me breathe bro. I'm the best player in the league bro. Can we go to the grizzly shot please? You the mvp but you're not the best player in League mvp. You know I said Yeah 10 29 bro Quick criticizing me. Ja for 25 straight my 30 however. Yeah I'm saying like Ja got two though. He up bro I'm saying 50 bro. I, Nah, facts, I'm shooting this more facts like averaging like when I think about it now some of the players that be averaging like, like LeBron averaging 30 and you shooting 60%.


Yeah it is very impressive. It's impressive bro. You a really, because a lot of guys averaging 25 shooting and shooting 40, 39%, 60% or high. That mean you not they not efficient at Nah I ain't gonna say they not, they really not That efficient. Well people take different shots too though. Y'all if I'm always going to the bucket like god damn I'm, I'm probably going to average. I mean 60% of foot Kyrie Do that shit. He shooting mids. But you should think about like KD shooting 50, 40, 90. That's a unreal player. LeBron Steve Nash, LeBron Nash did it. LeBron Steve Nash did it. Tre Young be close? Nah, hell nah he don't. Ty young Trey Young be shooting like 40% from the field.


I think he shot 39% this year. Who? Who was that? Mike. Oh he dunking y'all every time. Look at those Numbers. I'm talking about people like Kyrie, He average 32 points in the league. Duh. Nigga you keep dunking on everybody. I'm talking About Kyrie and play James hard play Don't do that shit Man. Shay is a N one player bro. However I get 30 bro respected bro. Some of it's going, if I'm shooting 43 bro, my team won. I mean respect, he's 60, 60 games. This shit nah Respect And it's another Allstar next to me. It's and shit's working so So it's just different, different scenarios for everybody. But 34% is crazy. That's still crazy. But like Mike at the end of the day who was shooting 34%. Oh he Did that game. That right. Oh Yeah, that was true. But like Mike Jordan for the year Click on him.


Mike Jordan shot 50% for his career. Like that's crazy Bro. He didn't shoot no threes. He shot mid though. Hello? Did he did bro but god Michael Jordan was inside the three point lines whole Shay don't shoot. Shay don't shoot a lot of threes bro. Oh he Shooting 33% from the field issue for the Year from three? No that's just period. That's from the field. Last year he was 50% year before that he was 43. Nah, every started overall. Yeah, I Don't care. No You're a gun and I won and I 60 Has to be three point percent. That gotta be three points bro. There's no way he shot 30. Who my bad. I gonna, I would say it's no way. I'm like that's crazy. Zoom in Mike. I was dare Say but that's Crazy.


He shooting 50 Get the smut off his name. Say he shooting 51 on the year. Look I never fuck this show up so fast. Get the smut off his name. I never said you wasn't shooting high. I just said Compare this nigga to niggas that scored or average under 40% for the year is disrespectful. See y always try to find a reason on this fucking show to decline his MVP status. Nah bro. Nah here nigga. I just talk about, well Now that I think about it, most niggas that average 30 in the league, they dude say you are shooting nigga that's No, I'm saying I'm percent. Oh no he's, that's amazing. I'm saying if you shoot 25 shots a game you could average 25 if you get I heard that sir.


But what I'm saying is we got to percentages. Yeah Because We just start disrespectful. I'm saying it's some cats. If you go look at Trey Young, he's low forties like very low. Yeah we better than Trey. You know Alan Iverson is low forties, like Kobe Bryant was low forties And I ain't Kobe Bryant had to shoot that though. He his starting point guard guard that, that was cool bro. Alright. What, what Trey Young shoot this year. Shout to Smush. Yeah. Yes. What 41%. Come on man. 41. Yeah come on. I'm way more efficient than you man. Oh Nah, for sure I I'm just not in the same category man. Trey Young is Allen Iverson you? Yeah, Yeah for Sure. That's them type of players.


That's why I'm like I 33% that kind of scared me. That's why I was kind of talking shit like nah nigga I'm still cold but I was like damn that's sad. I was like 13 percent's no way. He shoot 13 I when you 33% bro you don't give a damn. It ain't no Production. I'm say when I seen I was like it ain't no fucking way bro. Play fuck up too. Like 30. Crazy, Crazy not but I see what you're saying though. For sure Man. Shout to them for handling business grisly just Get Well Soon man. I don't know what's gonna happen for them in the off season. I wonder if Triple J well I wonder what type of offer he will get from them. He gonna get a nice offer but he ain't gonna get any shit.


I ain't hating on nobody money. I'd be surprised if you got a Supermax deal I would be as well. But he definitely deserves it. Yeah, get paid your money. A lot of money though. Yeah, get paid for sure. Yeah, all Strong get checks on this show For it ain't my money. Matter of fact get to him The Supermax I don't give run it up. Respect. I would be surprised if he got it. I wouldn't be surprised if he got a max though. Y'all do that but give it to him. Fuck Yeah. Spend that money but it ain't our money so we don't care. No way. Shout to them.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers BET five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Be instantly. Take it to the Wrack with Draftking Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 L draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Courtside with Laura Carenti, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women. On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment, so if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of Women's Sports Courtside with Laura Corti as an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we are here to try to help them take the next step, not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. This is Dove Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


We ready to fight? I'm ready to fight. You ready to fight? Is that, is that what I thought it was? Oh this is fighting words. Okay, I put the hammer back.


Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now more than ever we need to use our voices to fight back. And that's what we are doing on fighting words. We're not gonna let anyone silence us. That's the Reason why they're banning books like yours, George. That's the reason why they're trying to stop the teaching of black history, of queer history. Any history that challenges the whitewash norm Or put us in a box. Black people have never ever depended on the so-called mainstream to support us. That's why we are great. We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright man, some games tonight. Wanna see how I feel about 'em? We got the Magic and Celtics and the Magic's talking a little shit. I kind of like it but Celtics, it's not enough. I got the Celtics want Celtics beating the fuck outta him. P five. He gonna hoop out to disrespect my dog man. Trying to take Jason out the air. I seen mama. Yeah mama. You know she was coming to the defensive do I got pull up in that locker room. Feel me that that real St. Louis came out of her. I fuck with it. Six men a year. Peyton Pritchard. Colonel Grass to my dog. Yes sir, bro. Peyton, that's hard. Shit. I thought when you took my spot they had me fucked up. I guess not that Beasley. That nigga partner.


Everybody come up. Ain't Yeah, He took my spot. He six men a year. Shout out to my dog man. Fuck this nigga over here today. You want everybody's journey Boy to eat cra away. Oh God, I I got all, look, I got all my pills. Guy got in my bag M So Heat at Calves? Calves? Yeah. It's gonna be light work tonight. Yeah, that's definitely gonna be. I'm rolling. I'm fucking, I'm taking the heat. Okay. I'm not, I'm not. I ain't rolling. Okay, that's it. I wanna, what the odds are it's gonna be real favorable but I don't know if it's likely or not.


Who Warriors at Rockets. I got Rockets tonight. I think the Rockets will win that tonight. I'm going Warriors. Hell I'm with. They gonna make some shots. Jalen Green gonna play better. Yeah, They're gonna play better. I they won't have 85 points again for sure. Yeah, I, I'm wrong. That's not even who they are. Rock. I'm wrong with books. Get the Rock. I'm with DJJ next one. Yeah, I'm wrong with the Warriors. Think the Warriors going two. Oh I think, I think the Jimmy brother about to really go crazy tonight. Yeah. Nah, I think they going chill. They, I think they did they job. We got one y'all. We got one. Oh they they tell we getting a split. Yeah. Okay. You see the vibes? Two old Bring the brooms out. Oh yeah they go old. Bring the brooms out. Old. That's tough. I mean you look at that game. Neither one of them. I mean it was crazy as it was.


It wasn't like a high, high, high score game. Especially either one of 'em teams. So go state man, they can do it for sure. But like you said, them young Rockets, they got something to prove. They back at home. They going To play better bro. For Sure. That first nervous playoff game. Yeah. Fred Van Fleet is gonna play better Too. Yeah, they yeah them both combine it for like eight May. Yeah. Yeah. That ain't gonna be it for no But this is a bad day for basketball though. Damn. This on weak ass games. Keep it real bro. Damn. Nobody wanna watch the Magic and Celtics bro. Nobody. That's Your Ass. You ain't lying bro. That's true. Nobody wants, I'm not rushing home to see the Cals And heat. This a bad day about the heating calves bad. They gotta switch these lineups up bro. You can't have the fucking Lakers and them on the same day as who?


Who else played yesterday? The Pacer. The Pacer. I wanted to see that. Yeah. You know what I mean? You got Damon them talking shit. Oh NBA tv you Gotta throw the Clippers today. Like they gotta be Clippers. Yeah. The Thunder should played Today. Yeah something else. Give us something. This is a bad one. Or They switch that Warriors and Rockets game to the Thunder and Grizzly the worst line of day of all time. That would've been the, they put up games on PBS for iCare. I don't know why I don't enjoy seeing my boys smack up on like After They pick you ball bro, they fight. I never kind of feel sad for real like bro, I niggas feel sorry for these girls Who Play tomorrow. The Clippers Who play tomorrow. Crazy Nuggets, Clippers Nuggets.


Clippers, nuggets. Boy You gotta show tomorrow boy. Whatcha talking about. Don't you Worry. I'm just saying you'll be here. I'm looking forward to tomorrow man. Getting 50 Ball is crazy. The Lakers play tomorrow. Who? Nah, they don't play tomorrow. Tomorrow you got Knicks, pistons, Thunder. I oh my God again Thunder. Really bro. They trying to get that shit over with. Fuck it. Run it back to back play Doubleheader Rock here. But look, that's a good day though, right there. The Knicks and the Pistons. They got something brewing over there. It is a good series. A good basketball. See This is that bullshit I'm talking about the Nuggets. Clippers game is on NBA tv. Yeah. Why are they doing it bro? It's already late for us on the east coast. We gotta watch it on NBA tv. No bro. Get the OKC in Memphis.


Just get it away. Yeah bro. Throw it away. Let them play at like two O'clock. Make them play on YouTube. Live 'em play back, tap in For sure man. What the fuck? Alright man. Verify buckets to be here. Who was getting to it yesterday Man, I'm gonna give to Halliburton My dog. I'll Give it to Halle for sure Man. Wait a step up bro. We know we always talk shit 'cause DJ a pacer friend but nah you, you held your own in that battle. That's a fact chain to play. Yeah, I fuck with It for sure. Tee. Who you Got? I'm go with Ko man. He played big. He he met his match with Giannis but he ain't backing down. Maybe he can beat that player every time though. Pacers can win a series for Sure. Shout out to Pete skills.


Mook who you got Going with Luca man? 31, 12 and nine. He showed them, he the best player in this series. He ain't trying to hear that age shit. For sure went crazy. Mm. And I gotta show some love to Giannis man. 34, 18 to seven And also man I'm show love to Bobby Porters man. 28 10. That's tough. Killed getting two yesterday. Get Well Soon Be here. Who need some encouragement this Wednesday morning Man. Jackson Hayes. Hey this shit's crazy. My Boy floated don't he? Pause Rip through. Hey with two cock that bitch back. What does he rank at as most athletic player in the league? He Up there. You up there. I love how him and Ja Marin said we ain't dunking no more.


Continue to keep having highlights up dunking on people's Who they is He in top three? Look at Luca Garza top three. Oh. I don't know if he top three MoFA most athletic look At him. He hype Garza. I I fuck with people like that. Hey him and Avery locked in too. That's where I rock with that. Yeah on his head dope. Jackson Hayes. Jackson Hayes played nine minutes last night. He got dunked on and didn't play the rest of the game. That's crazy. He's dead ass hype on everything. Hey Nah he really happy for a No You don't think he top three? I think he top five. Shoot. Damn They Always say that 'cause of the Thompson twins. Yeah, after they after dribble they dimmer one and two. They one and two for sure.


He right there bro. Yeah. Oh yeah. I don't Disagree T ever of nature. Like he jumping Off a trampoline. Did y see like the Thompson twin from Detroit Spin move? Yeah bro that shit looked like it was in Fast Forward bro. It Was bro down here full speed Bro. Man I said what the hell? And you knew he wasn't hitting the light either but we still nah hit that bitch. Nah, I'm saying he like he ain't gonna hit none after that but full speed late bro. Nah, he's tough. He's dumb athletic. Would you put D Fox in that or that's just the speed situation? He he fast as hell. He got bounced though. He athletic, he like he athletic too bro. He he women on go through the legs. That nigga athletic as shit. Yeah I gonna say I I I lean y'all I know the fast stuff but I was said no he Nah he do All ain.


I ain't gonna lie. He fast nigga. I play Man That nigga was so fast. I'm like that D Rose D. Yeah just damn D Rose was way more powerful. Like D Rose was like that nigga was fast though. He was but that shit was like a four. That nigga John Wall was fast with his big ass too. Yeah He was fast. Ja athletic as fuck too. I forgot about that. Super definitely Jayla Green Shade Sharp. Yeah Shade Sharp is crazy. Oh Shit. He dumb as play but dude, But a should definitely be up Bro. That him buddy got bounced. They play for Clippers? Yeah. Oh. Derrick Jones Jr. You mean Derrick Jones Jr. Crazy Bounce. Yeah one of the coldest Sws Bay history. I ain't gonna lie. D Rose was fast but he was strong.


That's why I looked like that shit was like a Ferrari. Nah, he was like a it was like a smooth fast. Yeah he was like a Ferrari. You knew it got a strong engine but you could control it. Yeah. D Fox is like a, he like yeah like a, he like a fox shit. Yeah, on everything. Shit. He like a, a fast souped up Porsche like that motherfucker. Mo I gotta ask you what's that like, You know what I'm saying? Coming into the league, you going Chicago and you dealing with that in practice every day? Well he was hurt so I ain't gonna lie. We played one-on-one a lot because I had to play him. I used to get the better of him a lot of times because he was coming back but then once he got back it was too much bro. This dude is crazy. He got, he was bouncy still fast as hell.


Strong. That shit was crazy bro. Yeah he was a monster. He, his quick twitch was so crazy like them little hesitations and like turn his way. He was so fast and explosive bro. It was, he had so much man I shot a pull up jumper on him one time bro. He contested it. I could just see like his, I couldn't see the rim bro. I just see his, I'm like what the FI had never seen no shit like that bro. This dude is crazy. Yeah For Sure. He was he he was a pure like John Wall was fast but he was just like you own like he was like a Hellcat bro. He was, I'm out. Yeah he was like you own transition Killer And I, I'm fast as hell bro. But he was fast as shit bro.


Like John Wall was a Hellcat I could say for both of Y'all To give up props like that. Like y'all both ain't like world class fast. It's crazy. So that, that's some real shit right there. Ty Lawson was fast While Lawson baby fast Than Fast than a motherfucker. Yeah he was fast than a bitch. Jesus Christ hit speed was like ish. Smith was fast. Fast as hell. I was just about to ask you who was faster between Ish and Ty Ish. Hmm. Ty because Ish was so elusive with his fast. Like he could cross over and do like Ty was just like, like he ain't hit you with no moves. Like he might do an in and out ish should cross four times. He got fast on handle though. Yeah, that's hard to do. Being full speed do all that shit. Yeah. Ish was different Ish. Should be full speed downhill two crossovers, Boom, two crossovers and stop like you like what the fuck.


Yeah he had. I told that nigga man you got some of the best brakes boy like nah but Russ Westbrook was fast too For sure. Alright man, who we got next? Oh yeah, give us some of the check load up to Drake. Yeah he blocked the shit Outta this. Ja was fed up. Gimme that shit. Yeah, he might be the most athletic. He might be more athletic than ae. I like that John the Thompson twins. The top three. Yeah AE right there at four. I'm rolling. Like look at this. That's crazy. That's a seven footer. Gimme that shit. See the difference between him and D Rose. He's so thin like he's skinny.


Like D Rose was damn near two 15. My problem in this clip is what the fuck was Zach, Edie doing? Please play that one more time. I'm looking, I'm like nigga Who team are you on? Like what, what was he doing? He didn't go for the block. He tried to like damn near smack glass. Yeah. Get what on to Zach? Edie for this play too. I he out Pocket One of 'em Space Jam characters bro. He Summer League Ededie And this Edie bro, I'm telling y'all is major different bro. That's crazy bro. Nah, he didn't even get off the ground bro. For real, Bro. Jumped this. This nigga looks crazy bro. I was Summer League. Everybody was like, oh shit, z Edie finna come in, destroy the league.


That was a steal for the Grizzlies. It ain't worth a quarter. He gonna be all right man. He gonna develop. But right now it is look a little spooky. For sure. Man, you well sooner the both of 'em on that play and definitely last but certainly not least Get Well Soon. That ain't supposed to be for, that ain't supposed to be for, that's supposed to be Rudy, your bear man. I get ready for I'm Get Well Soon. Rudy, yo Bear, I where're Rudy Bear. Nope, I ain't fucking with y'all. Who Put that up there? So when I come to work tonight in my plaid suit, y'all gonna know how it's Go.


That's crazy bro. Who? This is? Oh shoot. I say I can't see that far. Country Kitchen, nowhere we go there. Anytime he has Loop Cat, fish color, green cheese. Oh, cornbread. Yeah, I got it. I, I'm out. How Much did that play? 20 5K. We out The Volume.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists you can connect with via video, phone or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hess Hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. HE p.com.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told You what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camil Ramon at Amela Ortiz and our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all the arriva. This season we sit down with history makers like the Suka family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast here. Yes Sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. This Is kind of star Stu a little bit man. We met them at their homes. We met them at the recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.