
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat Cops, new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Hey, all you women soups, fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're Women's Hoops fans, we've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up? I'm Laura host of the podcast Courtside with Laura Corti, a masterclass case study of the business of women's sports. I'll be chatting with leaders like Tennis icon, Alana Cloths. I Don't do what I do only for women, I do it for everyone And I want the whole market. And innovators like Jenny Wynn, I would say 50% of the people that come visit the sports bra aren't sports fans. They come to be in community. They come to be part of this culture. Courtside with Laura Currency is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corte on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports, The Volume.


Good morning, happy Wednesday's, five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a packed house this morning. We got Bishop Young Nacho five 20 Mook Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What Up bro? Good, bro. Good bro. Listen man, it's a lot of great basketball that took place yesterday. Let's get straight to it man. First and foremost man. Let's talk about the McDonald's game man. Young boys went crazy yesterday. Did y'all catch that East West action? Nah, I was recovering man from, I'm the real Mickey d All American bro. So I was in ice bath last night man. Shout out to those young men on your next journey, bro. The more important game about today. Yeah, I don't watch the McDonald's game. I don't either. It be it be boring. Yeah, it is a good class though.


They got some killers for sure. That's why I think they was a lot of people excited for It's a loaded class for sure. I like the practices a lot more 'cause you see a little bit more with like real basketball em situations. Yeah, but I mean you was McDonald's all American. How was that process man, like you said the best part is the practices. Everybody in the game, they just want to get a little highlight dunk or something. It'd probably be like two people trying to get MVP but the the real competition beat them. Practices boys be going at each other. When you pulled up to the practice, who was the one person that you was just like, damn, I know he was good but I ain't know he was this good. I mean I knew all them guys but when I really got to see Brad Bill for a few days I said ah, he, he a different guy. Okay. Yeah, out the gate. He was a pro for sure. Definitely. Hey man, they been talking about young Darien going to Kansas, Derrick Peterson.


They say he might be giving AJ some some smoke for number one next year. He like that for real. He's a killer from what I seen. Yeah, they need, he took the number one spot so it should be, it should be a good year in college next year. Yeah, I seen 'em go at each other this year. They both hooped out for sure. But yeah, this is gonna be a lot of people who get drafted. Boozer went crazy. He had 16 to 12 yesterday. Like we talking about him following the footstep potentially a Cooper flag. Yeah, it is gonna be a lot of winning. Does Mike K. Brown to Louisville? They got some kill in this class for sure man. Yeah, I I think Boozer twin gonna hold it down this year. I know we was talking but yeah, he, he real solid bro. Yeah bro, he's good bro. Yeah, he's legit real solid. It just hard to fill them shoes. That's it. He real solid though. I like Peterson once we seen him.


I seen him before that but I was telling you about him at the dame camp. Remember? I'm like nah this kid right here really raw. Is that the dude we thought we was gonna play. Remember we thought oh yeah, you remember we was thought he was gonna play. Yeah. I was like Lord please y'all about to lay him up. No we wasn't at Pike. We thought we was gonna get him this year. We Nah bro been speaking about him. Oh Lord. Praise the Lord that day. So him Being number one is like he earned that. Nah, he's a dog but He earned that. He's a pro. He legit. I seen him at Dam. I seen him before that but I was telling him, I'm like nah that remember he was standing up just watching the pros workout and I'm like him up in that corner. He ain't going. He gonna be in them workouts next year. Yeah, Nah for sure. He got, he year at Kansas. Most definitely.


I saw him with the Adidas stuff. You know all the NIL kids we met, he was the one that wasn't there. But I, I watched his tape. I said oh yeah, he really liked that. For real? Yeah, he, he nice. Listen man, I don't know what you did when you went to Pike High School. I wanna say thank you wherever you taught Ryan Conwell to get him to the University of Louisville. Shout to Pat Kisses shooting the deal. It's up man, it's crazy. They FaceTimed me yesterday. Him and the whole family coach Kels called me. Had they family back there? I'm happy for him. Coach Kel was a cool dude. Played for him when I was at Wake Forest. He did a hell of a job this year at Louisville and getting one of my young bulls Ron Conwell. I know you got that bag. Yeah sir Steve And I know that the babe was Louisville got that money. Come on man. So I know he got that money.


Congratulations to Ryan and Coach Ks. We got Adrian Willie in the transfer portal too. I know we paid a pretty penny for him. We just talking about it. Boy. He played college basketball at the wrong time man. They giving out bags bro. 2 million a hoop. Yeah, that nigga went to every school in America. I hey I'm in a poor every year bro. Why not? I stand for five Too. Playing all the big conversations. What He say? He been here forever bro. I'm be one of them. 25. Love tap in. That's like the homie from Houston. He won a chip chip with Baylor and he got a chance Win won, won Houston. That's fire. He gonna be the first person to win two national championships in two schools. Yeah, I see Buddy that went to South Carolina, their house, they then back to South Carolina. He's tweaking. Meet you Johnson, you gotta at least go to some other schools.


He said I'm gonna keep going back and forth. Hey the grass is greener where you grow it Baby. Yeah you probably have a little bumper back in in South Carolina. You gotta spend a block bro. He said it wasn't the vibe. I know where the vibes are For sure. These niggas play with different kind of money man. I Tell you. He said man they don't cook the same man. That is hilarious man. My man live in South Carolina. Shout out to my man if be doing a chicken. Ah yeah. Oh yeah with the grill. Shout deep out I get, I get you back in the minute. That good Man. Now see I catch you on the next one. I he be back in that bitch with boy. I can't wait. Chicken look crazy. I pulled up on you nasty.


July 26th. You sent it towards the game. We gonna pull up to the Festival. That's a fact. We gotta be a part of that for sure man. Tap in Good East on the way. It's just crazy with this portal stuff. We still have not got to the final four and Teams was already forming up for next year because it's, it's so much crazy stuff going on. You can't miss it bro. Boys is transferring left and right. It's crazy bro. I don't know what IU gonna do. They don't got nobody. Well shit they got 700 people to pick from. That's how many people was in that portal bro's. 11 Missed out to 11,000. Yeah Thousand. Oh Okay. Because I saying when I first looked at it a couple weeks ago it was just seven blood over seven getting Hired by the first three days. Oh okay. The first three days. Numbers getting hired by a day. I got you. Okay. My bad.


You see Rick Patino like yeah we rock with RJ Lewis. He should be a great pro but he definitely say he would not be at St. John's again. That's crazy. I feel like that was weak though because this is the best basketball he ever played. You had one bad game, you sat one game, Now you wanna transfer. I feel like Patino helped him get the highest of his college career so far. Like That's true bro. Should have ran that back. He should have ran it back. Dang. But he got that kid from Providence. That's nice. He used to go to Kentucky and just switching to Providence. Yeah he committed. Yeah he committed to St. John's so, And y'all and he Hooped last year. Y'all hilarious. I'm trying to stop cussing. Y'all hilarious. Xavier Booker is is in the portal. I told y'all, I told you we gave I you a wi, they didn't lock in.


They shoulda Got, I was about to call y'all yesterday when I saw that. I saw, I went to talk to him In The Morning man. Yeah he is really in there where he Gonna go? I seen that when you clap one or two too many times. The portals college. Yeah facts tap in for sure. But this is the thing, I was telling some of the, the kids yesterday in high school. I'm like everybody want to go to that school that say Duke, Michigan State. And I, I'll just use Ryan as an example. He went to a lower school, worked his way up. Now he undeniable. You gotta play him at Louisville. You just gave him bread. I don't know how much he got. I ain't gonna speak on his bread but yeah, he's going to play. Yeah. Yeah. All great bro. He went to Michigan State bro.


Too much on your plate. You wasn't ready And no offense to Young Bull. You, you just wasn't ready. You knew that though. Yeah. And these coaches ain't got time to waste. Yeah, Ryan and Sean, it's okay to be a late bloomer. Yeah, for sure. It is okay to have the process bro. It's okay if, if Duke ain't your calling, it's okay to go to Murray State and figure it out at Murray and get right. Yeah, especially in today's society, boy you can transfer every year but no penalty. I damn near if I knew I wouldn't like if I didn't have a guaranteed starting road at a school, I'm going to where I know I'm gonna play like I ain't going to Duke. If I'm going to Duke with the Boozer twins and I'm looking, I'm like damn we damn there play the same spot. Yeah it's quiet.


They got home at the number one draft pick. Yeah I'm probably gonna go to North Carolina State. That's What happened to she. She had them offers, he was like, shit. Butler said I'm starting. Yeah that makes some rocking out Going Kentucky bro. That's what you said the other day. That's a basketball choice. Yeah, get the names, forget the money, make the best basketball choice because at the end of the day you ain't getting no more money at Michigan State. 'cause you sat on the bench, you didn't play nobody about to offer you no bad. Yeah you just, you ain't play, you ain't do nothing. So man you got your Career reverse Now you somebody getting Bad advice. That's so man. Super. Chad Quay as EBA success aside. If Duke wins CA tournament, are they the best college team ever? Top five offensive defense. Every rotation player at least six, five.


Nah nigga. No my fault. I didn't mean call you that but nah What you got man? My fault Quay. Why you say super shit like it's too early bro. I'm already mad. Nigga stole my jerseys man. They they found them. Yeah found they still mad. I'm still, I really fire 'em because we were so Let's take them to the cleaners nigga. You got 'em back. Well he didn't wear 'em did. No they was involved. They was spray the frame jersey. I about to say we don't know what he did and they cut. They cut up my Kobe jersey. I'm ready to fry. I'm ready. He cut it off. I mean he cut up. My Kobe picture had. Oh damn. Yeah. Yeah they was hating. Yeah My fault. See quiet you get cussed down.


He like question Eddie said five my fault. Shout out to Quaia man. I love the show. If they win, I don't know if they're gonna be one of the best teams ever but you got respected for show especially Cooper Flagg. One dog get a chip. Not too many people do that but they don't wanna smoke with Y team at all. Mo. Yeah y'all considered one of the bird teams but I think Duke would to beat your ass man. Hell nah smacked them bro. I ain't gonna lie. They would've smacked them bro. Cooper fag better than Terrence. I And I can't argue. Yeah stop in college. Say T Jones was his Freshman year. Freshman He was the number one pick bro. No he was on the board number one pick bro.


He was in every light. Shout to t Jones. Shout to T Jones and I'm gonna keep it real t Jones. We gonna act like he wasn't like t Joe's was like that bro. He was not. Shit ain't work out for him but no, no, no. I'm saying just why he wasn't better than Cooper Flag. But what about T? He went at Cooper flag bro. Swear to God. What about that Ad Cooper flag match up ad probably wouldn't have guarded Cooper flag. Nah ad would've been guarded. Big, big boy. What's his name yo. He going top 10 too. Yeah we would beat them bro. I don't know Proctor on your ass the best. The best team probably is Florida though. Yeah him and though. Yeah. Yeah that was nice. I ain't mad at that. Champions Proctor New got defense man. Yeah chill out bro. Pro I'm say I wanna say I told you how I feel about how I locked you up on that game winner yesterday.


You fat stop, You dove to my knee Bro. You To my 14 man get happen way Isaiah Stewart bro Be looking sad out there. Duke Guard are kind of weak though. They are weak. Well the Conqueror dude he nice Bro. Who and them is smacking them. Let's cut the, the shit. Let's cut the shit. I Cody Zeller bro was game winner off Cody Zeller bro. That really was good though. They had Victor. Nah I squad They they Had two top 10 picks that cool Score. Y'all was grown men Low key bro was bro against this Duke team for sure. They Had two top 10 picks though. I'm just yeah would've punched him Mike, I Gil he yeah it yeah they had Biller And we was bro strongest as hell though with the guard.


You who? What's the black dude bro? Player bro? Yeah what's his name? James bro he definitely free safety. He he stroke too then you ain't Stroke Hell which y got Darius they don't got a Darius coming off the bench box 28 2 30 bro strong. They don't got no Darius coming off the bench. I proctor bro. I wouldn't have guarded him. Okay yeah for sure man let's get straight to it. Last night's action was crazy. Steph win insane last night. 52 piece 12 threes and a 1 34 to 1 25 victory over the Grizzlies. Like we said Stefan crazy. 52 10 to eight 12 from 20 from three Insane. Jimmy Butler had 27 to six Draymond with the trippy dub. 13, 12 and 10 Ja hooped out as well with 36 and six.


Triple J had 22 and seven B here and DBA had 19 five and four. Man just wrote a clip squeeze man Steph went insane last night like shooting 20 threes is crazy. Yeah man I mean it ain't crazy 'cause he made 12. I'm just saying yes. Excuse me. I don't see that do sound crazy though. Watch out Bow. Y'all know y'all can't let him get it in that left hand. Excuse me. It is crazy. Me Bow what's that bug in his left hand? He damn near count that it's time to get disrespectful now. Okay left hand B y'all left him stupid bow sh low. These niggas turn up. That's when you gotta push swing that I'm telling you it matter. You get that ball in that left hand and shoot it.


Man. Jimmy Brace is crazy by the way. I don't care. Ja, I don't see you either Left hand two y all pick up bro. Stupid. Put a hand up bow. What do you do bro? Nothing. What do you do? Good shot. Go home. Nothing you can do bro. We are, we know this about Steph Curry Like what step 37 36? Yeah man man yeah it starting to become normal. Yeah there's nothing you can do. And man listen his is 1550 point game of all time and then of multiple threes is 27. I think the next person behind him was like 10 of hitting 10 threes in the game.


I mean he got 4,000 threes. He added a smooth 12 to ish. Which is crazy. It is really normal man at this point we gotta stop talking about if he the best PG all time it is because Steph moving into that top five man best player all the time. Yeah shit to me he is he he. If he ain't he knocking on the door. He right there. I look at best players like most influential players. Okay. Like to me like if you inspire a generation And I think you top five like yeah I think LeBron inspired a bunch of people. I think Mike inspired a bunch of people. I think Steph Curry did.


Alright so do you think KD inspired a bunch of people? Yeah you see everybody tall that wanted one shoot. Then you Gotta throw Kobe in there then. Yeah. Oh most definitely. I I think Kobe was inspired by Mike so I don't think he inspired, I think Mike did more inspiring. I think Kobe just mimicked Mike. Steph Curry gotta be top five 'cause he literally changed the game. He changed everybody shoot threes all day now bro. Yeah bro he made it acceptable to shoot 20 threes like they used to get mad at you for No it ain't acceptable 'cause you shitty if somebody shoot 20 threes on your team, you on high school Bro. I'm talking about the NBA level If you shoot 10 but if you watch, don't Sammy's pissed if you Watch 10 year olds, they watching now. Bro. That's crazy. If we out doing our 10 get hot, keep shooting.


Once your heart get hot we be like shoot your heart respect bro. You can make, if you can make 12 outta 20 you can shoot 20 threes. Yeah we set the place I would've left you. I swear I would but like you said changed the game of basketball for sure and he's the best to ever shooter a basketball. Yeah. I ain't mad if the OGs were saying magic I say Tom Air, I get it. Magic got the, the ring, the stats for show but Wardell different man And I magic inspired people. You gotta get magic that six, nine, PG first, Six nine pg. Save the NBA bro. Magic bro is cold Bro. Yeah you Raw. I'm not hating on him but Steph Curry got a, he Got bird represented for the white boys. Yeah they all like ber magic.


I just say the whole top 10 is like whoever you sang your top 10, I don't just got no order for sure. I think Mike is the best, LeBron is the best whatever it is. But those top 10 people are people that really changed the game. Mm. They was most influential. They might not have the stats. Like I know Kareem was great, he got all the stats and stuff or whatever but he ain't do nothing to me. That made me feel like he changed the game. I knew like the Hook shot stopped when he left. Yeah. Yeah. He ain't inspire nobody. Shoot, that's 'cause nobody could do it like yeah that's what I'm saying. You didn't inspire nobody. Nobody was like yeah we gotta get that hook down and that shit look weak. Kind of like Yeah, Yeah nigga, nigga start Shooting. Who you be like bro what are you doing? You know that's crazy. He had the most points in the league damn near off that and nobody taught that in training or anything because they Couldn't bro.


It's a hard shot bro. That's a hard shot. And what every time's brought up is hate too everybody man that shit effective but that shit weak but bro score 30,000 points. You you look old shooting that shit like bro you look old as hell. Yeah And I, I don't mean like will chamber, they changed the rules 'cause of him and stuff like that but I know Kareem was great. I ain't hating he top. Ah yeah for sure. No Disrespect but I just look at people who really inspired. Like when I watch like Larry Bird, when I watch him play I'm like damn I could tell a bunch of people play like Larry Bird like Kyle Singler, your dad taught you how to play 'cause of Larry Bird. Not fact, You know what I mean? White boys play like Larry Bird, Kyle Couple. Yeah Larry Bird. And it ain't even just 'cause you white.


I could just tell like Jack, that's your daddy had you looking at shit like you not the most athletic. Somebody put Shaq in top fives bro. Shaq you can't remake Shaq. Shaq is Jamar. Nah He was breaking rims on people. Yeah You can't, you can't do that again. You never gonna have a dude that big, that strong run that fast. It's like LeBron, you can't The freak of nature bro. You can't redo LeBron. So he get knocked for that. Yeah because he Killed you not knocking him. Nah he the most dominant player basketball. That's just not, he don't fit Jeff's description of No I understand that but I'm saying no we know he's top 15 grade. I'm like he got it done bro.


Yeah you're great. Kareem's great. LeBron's great but you can't remake LeBron. You teach your big, even Now you would teach your big, you would want your big to be more like Kareem. Not me I I mean Hakeem eja. No I'm saying it's teach him how to be Hakeem eja than it is shit. Nah. Yeah it's because of footwork skill work. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? How skill work it is. You tell you gotta tell a kid run hard And you can't teach effort bro. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So that's, that's the difference. Yeah. I can't teach you Shaq. Nah bro. Yeah that's God. Nah that's LeBron can't teach you LeBron. Only thing I say about LeBron, his IQ and the way he played a game, his passing ability. Yeah and all that like his pure strength, height, speed. You'll never get that.


Lemme his gifts. Yeah but the way he played the game you could tell like he made it okay to be Yeah a superstar that passed the ball. Yeah Nah fuck. Most Definitely if you go influential definitely throw AI in there for sure on conversation. But off influence especially culture. Nah. Yeah he gave he more guards. I was about to say he realistic like yeah he More realistic. That's why, why Iverson put the envelope. Yeah. But Steph Curry changed for all the people who didn't have God given speed. Like Allen Iverson like Allen Iversson was an athletic freak. He fast and everybody can jump all world kind of athlete. Then you get Steph Curry who's slow skinny Yeah. Go to Davidson everybody, You know what I mean? And Now you become the best player in the world.


Everybody like yeah, yeah, yeah he relatable for sure. Most definitely. So they put up on the board that had Ja that had Ed JT because they be as influential in those situations but I think Ja influence is probably bigger than everybody we just listed between an and jt. The kids went crazy for Ja they did. Yeah. The young boys rock with Ja the wrong way. A everybody like a 'cause he polarizing but as far as influence wise, yeah Ja Morant, he more relatable. He is. JT don't get the Nah. 'cause I don't know why people feel that way about jt but JT straight up and down though. Yeah He don't really got the personality like the other guys. Yeah he just get to business for sure. But they, they love Ja. Hey speaking of personality, JT don't ever text my phone with that weak ass Nelly Shit.


Respect my mans Nelly. We won't smoke. Yeah JT now that I know you the culprit of this talk About it, I'm on your ass And I know, I know why Nelly said that because he probably watched our show And I told him that Shaad whatever fuck school you went to Sha, y'all niggas warmed up and that was an all boys school. Y'all warmed up to it hot in here so he got offended by that. But we want all the smoke right here on clock 5 25 20 In The Morning, five 20 in the Afternoon. What? What they calling Dirty Mo? Dirty Mo? Yeah we wanna shoot against you and then the next one V want is Behead versus Joe Joe button here we coming to New York, the Paton live. Y'all tap me in now I'm about to lock in child to cousin Brandon is about to get real this summer.


Yeah. So all the rappers and entertainers lock in, lock in that video. You know I mean treated y'all different and a lot of you niggas don't play against pros. YI play against them YMCA niggas I play with NBA players one nigga on my team average 40 in Africa, Egypt wherever you play in Europe. So I got real killers I was out there playing with yesterday. Hey I just wanna as You know, You know Mo had to work this morning. Why y'all suck my man's out like that. That was Listen I did it bro. He pushed me out the air on no bro I love my nigga bro. I never hurt him bro. He made a bad move And I ain't going for that. You made a bad book first of all. Why are you trying to shake your mans up like this is his first day out.


We need the bro niggas put me in the pink. I used to do Jeff. He talking about used to Do Jack. That's how bro did he. That's what bro said. Yeah bro. It's crazy bro. Alright man. Super Chat Monday D 96 and shout out to whoever edit the open run video y'all. Y'all had be here looking like Draymond a good night. Shout out to BC Media man. Nah that was some, that was some cool, I didn't expect them to go viral like that so Hgtv. Hey you shoot fast. The Bargo is this funny as hell.


That was making up my Verified Buckets for sure Buddy. When Buddy sent me that Al Sharper Picture this border red he was like til the journey starts now. Hey Bro The journey starts now is crazy. Nah, see now I'm about to lock in And I start walking around smacking niggas, niggas gonna be bad, niggas gonna be pissed. I get Bump So Runs gonna look different. Oh my mama I'm hooping in Scullys no shirt, shorts in the one have the game. That's my 2K fit.


And You grabbed that rebound. I did like this Bro. I told John nigga said be here you look sad because they don't do it like that no more. I said because I boxed down, I got straight boxed Out. Hey you are funny. Be here will be in the corner next Come June. Niggas up for all y'all. You know Portal Niggas ain't running. The niggas don't get them runs bro. Y'all played in the league and all kind of shit. Y'all get paid to hoop bro. Them runs be weak. These niggas be posted. That's you don't hoop with no real niggas bro. Yeah Talk about it. Talk heavy. Yeah bro. So what's up this summer for Real Lock in from concert? Nobody on the way nigga.


No Doctor table nigga Fraud No BBL L it's crazy. That is crazy. Also registered Hoop T. Do you think you were ever a top 10 guard league? Behead Co as Hells and Hooper for real? My dog. Yeah. I mean I like the also team facts. That's a fact. Yeah, yeah. Real simple and playing. Yeah Warriors moving to the fifth spot yesterday they could possibly play Lakers. Man. Who can get that Do I'll let Y'all talk about that first. I'm gonna look up and down Lakers and Warriors. That's a, that's a good battle. I think that'd be great for the NBAI think that that's gonna do numbers. That's gotta bring the NBA back for the TV stuff but I don't know.


I'll go with the Lakers probably. Okay. First round matchup that that's a hell of a matchup like you said for showing the situation. Every single game gonna be on A B, C. That's a great matchup. They Gonna have every one of 'em games on A, B, C. Most definitely they gonna, they gonna put the number one C in a game on Tubie and they going but like the Warriors. Yeah Prime time for sure. A, B, C. Now the problem is you got fifth and eighth is literally two games at this point. It could go anyway where the Warriors wanna be. If you the Warriors would you rather deal with the Nuggets or would you rather deal with the Lakers nuggets? Mm Just the way, the way Yogi Yogi just dominant but the way they play pick and roll coverages. Yeah Steph can abuse him because Yogi ain't the best in the pick and roll even though he one of the top leaders in Steels but he just not the best guard pick and rolls then that's they can double team Yoic but Steph Curry hitting 12 threes Yoki back in coverage.


It might get crazy. Yeah I like that. I like Jimmy and Draymond to deal with Aren Gordon and PJ too. I don't like them dealing with Luca and LeBron in those situations man that's crazy. We gonna have some good basketball here coming soon man. But Ja hooped out tonight man. 36 we was talking about the office changer looked like it was just fine but again on some Ja fashion man pointing the Air Pistols at the bench on the way off. It's only right set the balls back bro. Shout out to Memphis bro. Me tweaking out man That's only right my boy trying to get out there man. Hey if step hit 12 threes you, you should be allowed to do that. I ain't bad here for that facts man. Get well soon though. But we're gonna move on to another crazy game from last night.


Joker with crazy with a 60 point triple double man. But they did come up short in double OT yesterday to the T Wolves 1 41 39 The T Wolves have beat them every game this season be here. Yeah that's just some regular season of smoke though. Okay we Don't get too high on that. Let's Have a real conversation. Joker is the MVP 60 point Triple double is crazy. I know Shay gonna win it but Joker is top five in every main stat in the NBA at center. That's crazy. How you top 10? How you top five in steals? Come on man. I'm all for it. His Stats is better now than they was when he won MVP Last year. Come on bro. Four you top fiving scoring top five you'll repeat next year.


Top three and steals Because the other person won more games than you. I told y'all that's bs. Oh He just had a 60 point triple Though. I told y'all that's bs. I agree I'm not disagreeing with y'all. What he top Fiveing sis steals rebounds and points So if he don't win his low key robbery Right. Gets what ain't shooting 50, 40, 80. Good ain't there 50, 40, 90. That's crazy bro. Averaging 30. That's crazy. Average the trippy dub. That's 'cause You know why 'cause yo shouldn't have won last year. That's a fact. Last year was S gs GA should have won last year. This is yo p this year. This is his MVP bro. And this is like should be like the unanimous vote. MVP. This is like the best season for A MVP.


Damn. Yeah that's crazy bro. Wasn't a play devil's advocate bro. I got 60 wins and I'm killing two. It don't matter. This is like the best year of a player ever. This just sealed it up. Nobody else ever did this point triple double bro. If he wins a VP this year, that's crazy. I know that he would be deserving in the steps for show. That's fucking crazy bro. I would be crazy though bro. If I'm NCA bro, what do I have to do bro? Y y win more games. I one more game. What? Fuck you had to be top five in every single major category bro. In the NBA bro. My job ever done that has to play better. We love LeBron. We love LeBron. LeBron never did this. No bro. This is crazy. This is like the best season ever. Michael Jordan never did this.


I ain't, I ain't mad at it. Yolk won the goats bro. How you give us the best season of of the NBA and not get MVP bro. Michael Jordan never did this. LeBron the two goats, they never done this bro. Top five in every category. Shout out to Walker Kesler one boy at yeah, top of the list. Be here in show some respect. Kanye. You topping steals though. Hopping Steals is is Crazy. Walker Kessler is No nah Yo Yoki. Ah I'm gonna say now niggas got What is Steels How you number two ain't Number two Steals is great behind Dyson. SA code bro. But she five I don't care bro. He ain't two. Okay well yeah, rebound him. Where's you rebound? Okay that's my dos the score where he is at in the assist I Isaiah Harol supposed to get out The wrist.


That's for the dirty players. Yeah bro Bound. Yeah that's, that's beneath me. Where's Rebounding The assist? Where Is yo at? In the assist. Come on man. I'm dumb bro. Nm VP bro Be sorry NVP he's the center bro. That's crazy. MVP bro come on G 13. Nah bro. This ain't my man's trophy man. I don't care nothing about them. 60 wins. This is literally, this is literally the best season ever. Let's go post move bro. I'm tell You right now bro. If I'm at G And you get this yo bro, what the hell am I supposed to do bro? Yo told me I had to do more. I the best more. I average more. It's not fair bro. Bro you gotta have the best season ever in India. We wanted you to do more but Yogis did more bro. You're very desing.


But he did better. He did better. You're very deserving. But bro, he's top five in every major category. Man this is crazy. And let's go back to the game please. Blocks. Which is crazy because he's the center but he's the center. Yeah he don't block I I knew everything else. I got Shots. I real niggas before I Go to the rest of the, I don't even get the chance to shoot. It's true. Before we go to the rest of this game, can we go to the clip of how end it shouts to Russell Westbrook early candidate for Forget well soon Man come on Russ. This was a hell of a game but man my boy stuck it up at the end. Okay we get to turn over looked off. Oh smoke this up. Mm Damn I ain't mad at him for that. That's how You know I am because he used to dunk that shit.


Yeah. Hey find open man. That's tough. That's a, is that a foul? Nah, that's exactly what happened to me and Mo yesterday. That's the NBA Pro rules. Pro rules. Right Mike? Ain't that I was screaming Pro rules Andy Westbrook That that's definitely a fo though. That's a foul. Yes. Okay. He wasn't gonna hit that And Mo didn't even fall. I pushed him. That's a foul though. Yeah, that's a foul man. That's that's a unfortunate event. Russell Westbrook in that situation Smoke delay And you foul Man you really, you really should got called for that. That's a foul though. Oh they did? Yeah they called. No they called me. Yeah they called it. That's how a double OT thriller Indy yesterday.


I ain't mad at you. Rushed. You been holding it down. You okay for a blooper bro. Listen, it's okay. Eric Gordon Ball yesterday with 38 and five Man he had 30 Yoka at 61. That's crazy. They had 90 points. Somebody else do something. Please, Please help. Damn Eric, you oh you thought you said Eric Gordon? I'm about to say damn. No, no we did not mistake his name. Shout to ej. Oh a had 24, 10 and eight. JR had 26, 9 and seven. Man. Classic, classic game yesterday man. Yeah. How you feeling about the going into the postseason? Man your temper boys been looking good. I hope we, You know we on the run. We ain't gonna speak too much on it though. Okay. They to thank Nick Alexander Walker. Oh me. He was saving them in that first half. He played good But we hoping to see the the Rockets that's, we're hoping praying for that.


So keep blocking in Fellas, You didn't even mention Rudy 19 yesterday. You gonna some Roots some love man. Rudy Bill hooping. Nah bro. Tradie, he put him in the port 19 to 12 Respected yesterday. 1912 is baller bro. Ball Nik Lexander had 26 2. Come on. Show respect. I Love, I love Alexander. We just don't Rudy go Bird is the ops bro. Not for us bro. You are crazy for sure man. Classic. Classic game yesterday man. Shout out to Yolk for sure.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the wrack for Draft King Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on draft Kings The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio


Yo what's good This is Jeff T from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite eight were Duke beat Alabama, Florida Beat and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out the open Florida finding Cooper flag and all their talented players and Florida beating Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Junior And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in a 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right, but while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food's gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with a in-app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


This is DJ Wells from Club five 20 podcast and this show is sponsored by Better Help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to two 50 per session, which adds up pretty fast. But with better Help online therapy, you can save up an average of 50% per session. Therapy should feel very accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything from anxiety to everyday stress. It's helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries and it empowers you to be the best version of yourself. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join the session with just a click of a button, helping you fit therapy into a busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/club to get 10% off your first month. That's better help. Help HE p.com/club.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League And I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share and believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Dash Pass has a members only deal for the 24 25 NBA season. They swoosh you save when any player scores 50 or more points in the game during the 24 25 NBA regular season dash pass members save 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Shay has 50 point games so the A VP front murder might get you another soon. Use your promo code NBA 50 today after the 50 point game during the 24 25 NB. A regular season from noon to midnight. Get half off of an order when a player goes through full throttle and scores 50 points or more in a single game up to $10. Yes it's any player in any game but it's only for dash pass members now remember sign up for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus exclusive perks like this one valid with the use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game or eligible orders at participating. Merchants must have an active dash pass account terms apply. Don't forget that's pro NBA 50 valid for dash pass members only from noon to midnight the day after any player scores 50 points or more in a single game. Dash pass members say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off sign up for dash pass moving on to Bucks.


Set a field goal percentage record against the sons yesterday. 69% 1 33 to 1 23 Victory. Giannis went crazy with 37, 11 and five for Lopez had 22 and six book hooped out with 39 and 11. Giannis having another amazing year 30 12 and six. It's crazy. Any other year this will probably be MVP but this year like we just talked about, that is not enough man. It's not enough bro. And I'm sorry, say it is not the NBA crazy now, how is that not an MVP like season? Let's go to yo stat Young 32 and six bro. Yeah that's that's crazy bro. 30 12 and six is worthy. Obviously it need more wins. You know why it ain't 'cause yo drivers 30 12, You know what I'm saying?


And 12. Yeah it's a tough time to be in the league right now and three steal. That's crazy. Well just not adding up bro. Yeah man. This yeah this is, yeah I got four more to you. Get more rebounds to you. Yeah, this ain't here. I mean shout out to shout out to be honest. But it is just, I don't know man. Maybe next year y'all can go with y'all. Whatever but you have to give to SGA y'all. It's robbery bro. It's robbery bro. Hell bro. I ain't mad at it here. I'm having a Best bro like I did. I told y'all that winning shit is overrated bro. In the NBA when it comes to these individual awards bro. Bitch just this, it was the best season ever. Like Jesus Christ bro.


Y'all argue with me up and down. No be here. You gotta win. You gotta win to make the Allstar team, you gotta win the end win MVP bro. I've won. Y'all won in The Allstar round everybody bro. Yes, they literally, you Normally it's an Allstar game bro. Bro. They literally have 13 wins. Yeah, that's ridiculous Bro. It's an Allstar game bro. Yeah, I'm still better than a lot of niggas bro. What I'm telling you, somebody gotta shoot the ball But he's still, that's fine. He still, You can't be better than us if y'all only 13 games bro. That's a team bro saying golf team You have, you gotta have some type of impact on winning bro. Yeah bro. Like you say you came back to Allstar team game bro. Get 25 points in the game. We lose by 30 bro. You not impressed bro. Like he be killing but they lose every game they lose by 40.


Yeah y'all know we all on on the court with that but when it comes to like throwing it off the backboard and shooting fadeaway threes, that is all star game worthy. I do that better than everybody. It's an entertainment. Y'all are pissed How piss poured the All Star weekend is. I get what you saying, Y saying one of the best players out of it. I get What you're saying but you gotta earn that still throughout the season bro. So that transitions me to Shaa. No the problem with the Allstar game, we don't want to see what Lalo do in the Allstar game 'cause we already see that. No bro. Everybody shoot from half court. Everybody they Yeah but you need that mix though in between the Allstar game. They still made it fun when we was growing up 'cause it was competitive and entertaining at the same time bro.


Yeah nigga T-Mac was throwing it off the glass and shit in the NBA bro like but niggas was still competing in that fourth quarter or whatever. I'm saying Shaa instance for the MVP. I didn't get it last year 'cause Y said I had to do this. I do what y'all told me to do and y'all talking about this nigga got the best year ever in the NBA So Can we can't control that. So what, because you did what we told you to do, that means you get the MVP. No bro we didn't know he was gonna have the best season. Yo would've do what he did last year. You with MVP, he be captain better. We can't control that bro. He got throw some bullshit in the conversation. Hey if Lalo can't get an Allstar game, I don't wanna see the Rising and Stars either nigga crazy. Fair, fair. I don't know them. I don't wanna see Walker Kessel there. If I can't see Lalo Make Just saying y'all don't do Sha maybe hey y'all rules next year.


Matter of fact Ain't get the Do it again nigga. If you like that SG ain't gonna win all SG gonna win MVP 'cause they know he should have won it last year. Yeah but this year it was really oish. I ain't he gonna win it off. What you saying? Winning all the games and all that. They gonna give It to him. I'm okay with that. Alright Now before we get to this niggas game, you still rolling Giannis good. He is he good enough to upset the Knicks? I ain't gonna say what it means but is he, is he capable? He capable. Okay. More than capable. Most definitely. For sure. Alright, let's talk about it. The Knicks, they gotta win over the seven Sixers yesterday. OG Hooped out with 27 K. Bridges had 14 about the dmp. You know why we here now Quentin Grinds 26, 26, 5 and four. The real two guard. Yeah, free Quinn Grimes.


Man that's the, that's the new program get paid my boy. But OG been balling the last five games. He been scoring 25 plus. We talk about him being the third option. They gonna need him in the playoffs for show. Definitely. Mm. And he gonna need to keep scoring. He got two bro. Yeah I ain't worrying about the Knicks. Let's talk about my Hawks like what the hell yo. Like how we lose to the Blazers? We are in playoff contention. What are we doing? I mean it sounds on brand de vis crazy. I I hope we get 32, 15, 10. I Would welcome. Listen I I would hope that every team y'all play less y with in that fifth season we gonna beat the sleeves off y'all. Yeah Tre ain't gonna have his fight with y'all boy. We gonna beat the sleeves off the hawks.


Johnson gone but but y'all want no smoke Real point guard then he might smack y'all right now. Damn You crazy as hell. 29 15 by Tre Young. Your point guard can never, He ain't did it in a minute. He just had 60 to 18 respected. That's what Y'all the Don't come my team. We had a business yesterday for sure but yeah I did take L yesterday. He sha a sharp crazy with 33 and 10 then the vid your favorite 32 to 10. He good player bro. Since he says he left him Wizards when you leave Washington life goes up. Yeah bro. That's why you got a free joint pool man. Y'all did the NBA did him real raggedy man.


Somebody made a crazy clip of that. I gotta show you after this man free JP P for show the magic beat the Spurs yesterday 1 16 2 1 0 5 P five and crazy with 24 10 and four. Franz had 24 and seven as well. Man. OG Harrison Barnes balled out with 20 fours. Stefon Castle had 16 and eight. The Bulls took care of the rappers as well. Belt to as situation 1 37 to one 18. Kobe White balling with 28 and six boots. Hooped out with 22, 10 to seven and Josh Giddy had 17, 12 and seven. Kobe White always hoop at the end of the year. He always give people hope like ooh they might need to hand it over to Kobe White every single year he do that in the beginning of the year he'd just be cruising. Then at the end of the year he start hooping again.


Boy, I see what you're doing. He's trying to stay off that trade but like I get what you're doing. How far, how you finished. Yeah I figured you out. And did you see that they made a graphic for them finishing to play in nasty work Chicago? Yeah. Y'all are championship organization. Y'all should not be doing, they ain't one no championships since Michael Jordan about to have more than ever. Everybody though that got six, it was just Michael Jordan. That's it. But it's been A while. It has been a while for sure. What 96, 98? Yeah, it's been, it is been since then bro. Since Carl was in the league long time ago. But them cling the playoffs. That's nasty bro. This the play yet, not the playoffs. We should be celebrating that for sure. Let let Tibs go. They ain't been the same since Tibs though. Damn. Get well soon. To the Bulls free. Kobe White too. Tonight's games. I wanna see how y'all feel about 'em.


We got Knicks at Cavs. Knicks For sure. We'll be on playback with that game so we'll be definitely tapped in for sure. I like the Cavs. Okay, we on playback with that game. Yeah. Will got a Hawks game today. Unfortunately. I'm just saying I like to watch the real games. Oh, who'd you have in mind? Hawks versus man, if you watching that call the hotline. Hornets at Pacers for sure. I'm watching that shit. Pacers. Pacers get a W. Yeah, go out to Eat Kings at Wizards. No. Washington Kings Jordan Pool will take the over for night for sure. Heat at Celtics. Mm We should have washed Celtic Celtics.


Yeah. Belt to ass in Bing Town tonight. Jazz at Rockets. Rockets, Rockets. Rockets. Hawks at Mavs Hawks taking the Hawks. I'm gonna take the Hawks. Too many. The Mavs turn up Spurs. Add Nuggets. Nuggets. Nuggets. And then pistons at Thunder. Thunder Thunderbirds. That's a Good game though. That's gonna be a good game. Shout to the suspension. He winning at the crib though. Dante got two beef, Stu got two. If vis Isaiah Stewart was playing tonight, I would take them but since he not playing. Yeah Thunder to go get the dough for sure. And then last but certain lot least Pelicans add Clippers. Clippers, Clipper clippers. Yeah for sure. Alright. Verified Buckets being in. Who's getting to it yesterday? Me. Okay. That's it.


Y'all seen the clips? I went viral more than the rest of these things. He was six. He was six or six. A shot. Six. Six On the three. The real audio. Nah, shout out to yo man. We talking crazy. But you are, you are the best And it is honestly a landslide. It's a landslide bro. Honestly you're the best in the league by Lands slot for sure. 60 10 to 10 is crazy bro. Yeah And you bill like me so you are always a verified bucket this way. You know What's funny, I did see more of your clips than his yesterday. That is crazy. That's a fact though. That's what's wrong with the NBA now we gotta fix some shit. If I see more B yolk. Alright, tell you who you got Steph oh nine drive class.


He went for 52 Mm I mean we know 1230 it is Steph, chef Curry, whatever you wanna call him. That's crazy. Fifty two, ten to eight is crazy. Mo who you got? We'll go with book 39 and 11 be killed. Yeah don't matter if you lost, you got 40 killed for sure. Man. Denny Aja five 20, he gotta make one of the all five 20 teams for sure. He be balling. He is Def, he's definitely at the Power Forward position. I'm rolling 32, 15 to 10. Boy he was hooping yesterday. It lasts with certain, not least Giannis went crazy with 37 in 11. Alright, get well soon be who needs some encouragement man, Old boy in Atlanta Man I knew that's when we was gonna lose Went outside Man look at Atlanta man fan here at the Hawks game half time.


That ain't funny buddy. Ain't funny. That's the thing in Atlanta they be playing pranks all the time. See that nigga he was probably one motherfucking in my and talking about how it was built. See nigga your inside is toe up. You got the devil. Your boy That ain't he devil your Nah he support. That's crazy. He supportive The devil shut up in your bows. You been one of the motherfuckers that's been joning in my dm. Boy He was smile. That's why he gotta go off two feet because The 13 you gotta go off two. See not hooping ain't one You gotta go. I ain't laughing at it because that shit fucked up.


That shit not funny but he gotta go off two feet. It's safer that way. That shit funny. You know what the fuck up part is? Did you see the angle when they go back to the reporter and the face she make when he fall bro is insane bro. That ain't funny bro. That's not funny bro. Shit. Shout to my, see this the thing about the Atlanta Raggedy ass floor nigga never played Game in that gym. Man. He got, he got us. You got us messed up. He got us messed up. First of all, shout out to my Hawks family. Listen they be, they be playing jokes so I go to Nigga, I got a family to raise.


Let's go. Man, You know crazy. He for a tshirt. It wasn't even a Jersey a he can't call in no more. Nah man, they not doing that. Oh Man. Edit like them shots. Oh Hey you can't call in no more. Oh man. Shout to the haw. Think he was doing that for Kat Williams ticket Bro. We love Atlanta man. Shout to the Hawks man.


Hey, best half time performance Of all time. Alright, motherfucker pen nineteens nigga man. Oh man. Oh man. Alright man, let's go to the Knicks yesterday, man. They ain't never inviting us back bro. OG called a body in transition yesterday. You still laughing? Hey, because You know how shitty I would be getting fucking injured. Oh man, you gotta go home and explain that piss bro. You know the best part about that video is the beginning when he literally, man, I'm going fall The Volume.


Hey, all you women's soups, fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up? I'm Laura host of the podcast court side with Laura Corti, a masterclass case study of the business of women's sports. I'll be chatting with leaders like Tennis Icon, Alana Kloss. I don't do what I do only for women, I do it for everyone And I want the whole market. And innovators like Jenny Wynn, I Would say 50% of the people that come visit the sports bra aren't sports fans. They come to be in community. They come to be part of this culture. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast Dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and deep blue sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.