
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Severance season two is coming to Apple tv. Plus What you all did five months ago is one of the most painful moments in the history of this company. Our message got out, we're famous, all of us equally or one of us is like the star. What did you see? My Audi's wife is Ms. Casey. If you wouldn't find out what happened to her, oh, she's still alive. I want to see my wife. We should have left Severance. New season streaming January 17th. Only on Apple TV plus.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this new year. Make sure you take some time to take care of yourself and your family. Stock up on your favorite personal care items now through January 28th and earn four times the points to use towards discounts on groceries or fuel shop in store, online or in the app for items like Pantene, shampoo, old Spice Body Wash, Pampers Swaddles diapers, Venus Razors and Crest. Complete toothpaste and earn four times points on your purchase. Offer ends January 28th. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Where'd You get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you. From daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Get in zone Auto Zone. Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? I think my battery's dead with free battery testing and charging. We can help you get back on the road. Get and So Auto. So what if I need a new one? We have the right Durast battery for you. Only at Auto Zone Get and so Auto. And what about my old battery? We can recycle it right here at America's number one battery destination. Get and Solid AutoZone Restrictions. Apply


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday. Five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date. Everything in sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells Jordan This morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Henderson. My right my brother Teague Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening? What up? Nah, you know before we start the show I see you got an interesting hat Wear on today. Nah, fuck all that. Y'all see Trey Young shoot from half court. That's what the fuck we do. So you wear Pacer's hat to talk about Tre his game? Yeah, no we, we will start the show. I'm not talking about bullshit today. It's an unlimited range. When I walk in the building guard me half court, he game winner the Hawks Six In the east Big shot.


It's nothing to us. Road trip. We make things happen. But you can start the show. Shout out to the Hawks man. This shall just be the nuggets. Yesterday one 18 to 1 0 6 said had 29. Unfortunately Joker did not play yesterday but they still took care of business. Like we said JT 29 6 and four, Zynga had 25 and 11. Drew Holiday had 19. Russell Westbrook was kill yesterday. He had 26 9 and six as well. Jamal Murray had 19 and NPJ had 15 and 10. Did y'all catch the game yesterday? Yeah I did. It was a really good game man. Yeah. The fact that they still competed in that game at that level without him and shouts for Russell Westbrook man. Yeah, he did all he could. No Russ Slender on our pod.


He did all he could but jt he looked different yesterday. JT is a killer. Jason Tham is a killer for sure. But my nigga handles look crazy yesterday. Nah, he was hooping yesterday. He got in a Duffy Yesterday. When JT go to the basket, he's a way more effective player. Like obviously we know he can shoot or whatever, but being, you know he one for nine from the three. Yeah. When he started going to the cup and applying pressure to the rim poles like and start getting to the basket, man he opened his game up so much. Yeah and I think he's a way better player when he start driving to the basket. I criticize him sometimes for settling for threes. Yeah. But last night obviously his three wasn't following. He was still able to get to the basket and be effective.


He need to do more of that. Yeah. Hell yeah nigga just too strong bro. Too strong bro. Because The fact that he got 30 and like you said the three wasn't following, it's still like a testament to when he feel like that he can go get it out the mud For sure. Yeah, I mean he's six 10 athletic, like not too many people can stay in front of him and if they do he's able to finish over the top of 'em 'cause they're just too short. Like he gotta use that to his advantage. I know sometimes he have, he'll have a bigger guy on him, he'll have a center guard him and he'll switch and he a heads, he heads he heads and pull a three and we know he can make that shot but sometimes he use your speed and quickness to get by 'em guys and and get to the cup. But last night he did that when it's three one falling. It was good to see for sure man.


Obviously we said Joker did not play yesterday but you know what I'm saying. Pingus look good yesterday 25 and 11 just the pingus they need to have. Did we go back to back As Long as he stay healthy it's over with bro. Yeah, Yeah. True Feeling in the role like he supposed to bro. They just too dominant bro. Too dominant. That's crazy that like it's like everybody we taught highlight them playing good at the moment. We just like when the Celtics is at full strength. It ain't, it don't matter No way because Derrick White didn't play yesterday did nah. Nope. Yeah so I mean not saying Derrick White Yoko are the same. Yeah They not even swap Out. They missing a piece too so That's crazy man. Shout out to Suckers man. They looking like they about to run a table again for sure man. We called it yesterday a trap game ended up not being a trap game 'cause they really put Belt a ass on him yesterday the Match took care of the Lakers yesterday.


Snapped a five game Skid won 18 to 97. If you don't score a hundred points Tee what's the rule? Yeah it's sad ass is grass. Damn. Yeah them them y'all niggas bro. The Lakers man they, they need to you know go back to the drawing boards for some stuff but I feel like the Lakers are like Pike right now. We good. We got the players, we just, you know missing a few key moments in games. Mm. And it was a moment in that game where things just turned like when Bro did that Dunking got the steal, the momentum was in they favor. Yeah. Crazy. But the way Spencer did Woody and 'em walked him down. I told you they gonna need a big game from Spencer did Woody and the guys off the bench Hardy came to play.


Well Quentin Grimes shooting the ball like he was last night. It was by committee last night for Dallas and they played well but the Lakers man I think they lost that game. I don't think Dallas won. I think the Lakers lost. They just didn't play well for sure. Like we never would expect going to that game. The Quick Grimes was gonna outscore ad and LeBron, he had 23 9 and six AD had 21 and 12 and LeBron had 18, 10 and eight. That's crazy 'cause also Washington as well. Like you said PJ had 22 yesterday. You wasn't expecting the role players and the Mavs to Outs score the two stars selected yesterday. Nah. But to see PJ Low key run like Point Point pj Yeah he was point pj it is you know he is opened up his game. I knew he was skilled going to Kentucky. I knew watching him in high school, I knew he had game but now watching him in this setting where he gotta bring up the ball and make plays and and assist too as well.


Yeah kind of being a dynamic player. You like the Mavs got something different with him and I don't think we all knew that. I didn't see that. Mm but now see Huh? Zero. Nah I'm saying he but he it had zero sis. Oh Shout out to the production team. Oh he probably had eight boards but I'm just saying him playing and picking roll with the basketball and being aggressive last year we knew him as a catch and shoot. Yeah. Defensive the kind of guy but now him showing his ball handling skills and things like that, it was kind of eyeopening. I a question for y'all. They got our rebound out last night and they're wanting bottom five in the league in that. Do they need to get big? They need a little bit of everything. Yeah they pretty much washed Ain't got no in them.


I dunno what big they could get though. They don't need boost. 'cause Boost is not like a rebounding big how you feel about Valentines Valentinas? Yeah, I mean yeah they can give Valentines. That'd be a good pickup for them. They had to play a different, they kind of play slow now anyway though. They don't really play that fast. Yeah that's, yeah I just don't know how to say fix that R 'cause they said they don't really wanna move on from ar they wanna move on from Ru. It is like all right so y'all just, we gonna be confident with just rocking this team out and getting lucky and getting somebody with a couple second round picks. 'cause I don't see what you trade if you don't wanna trade these people. Yeah it is gonna be tough to get Valentinas without moving anybody. You don't have to move Ru now. Don't have to. I don't have no choice Bro.


Oh they gotta move Rui. They might have to move. I mean I'm sure they'd be willing to give up Gabe Vincent but like Christie one of those young dudes, they're gonna have to move him. I'm sure they don't want to. Yeah, that's they're gonna have to, they're gonna have to make it make sense. Yeah that Valenti trade ain't going through. If Max Christie is your offer, I Mean people like Max Christie, They, This is the wishes as well. So I I will not discount any possibility. I'm saying is like on his way out though. Like Yeah they ain't trying to pay he he later in his career, Christie is a young up and coming player who's having moments right now. He's playing kind of good for him. Yeah he is giving a song and he is at a friendly deal as well. Yeah I don't think they, I mean the Lakers don't want to trade him but I wouldn't think the Wizards wouldn't mind taking him back.


They going young. They got all young guys. He fit the mold they going for but I'm sure the Lakers don't wanna trade him for Valenti tunes. Yeah. And it's crazy. Like we said belt out situation but that dunk by bro was crazy. Oh it was. That was crazy bro. That's one of his best dunks of his career. Are you rolling as on? Yeah that's top 20 for sure. Oh shit. There you. Yeah I were gonna say yeah if we gonna top 20 for sure. That was nasty though. That at 40 bro that's A big ass number. Yeah, that's tough. Shit is crazy. I don't, that might be top 10 bro. That's more of a conversation. I mean LeBron got so many dunks like shit you forget about like we just had the Paul Millsap clip. Yeah that that's a crazy dunk. But I think that's better than Paul Millsap at 40.


I'ma, I'm gonna roll with you on that one. That shit, that's tougher. That's, that's crazy that LeBron can still do that man. Like he not supposed to be able to do that no more. Y'all don't think Vince was like that at 40? Vince could dunk but Not like that. We didn't care. Oh okay I see that. Yeah but Vince would've did. I think Vince could've still did that in a game. I just think niggas would been like, oh damn that's Vince. Yeah Motherfuckers wouldn't care. I mean we, we saw Richard Jeffers catch a bite at that of his career. So I mean I wasn't surprised if Vince could do it. It's a lot of shit LeBron do that's like kind of normal but he 40 and we just care about LeBron. That's true. Touche. Yeah That's True. If another nigga did it at 38 we'd be Oh damn he still moving.


We wasn't hyped it at all. Like he still doing his thing. Yeah, I was having a conversation with somebody yesterday. I said boy they don't know five years ago. That'd been a different poster. Yeah That's scary. By the time undefeated man. Shout out to bro. Give Wilson some lrs for show Bro. Need to just go back to the Cavs bro. No don't, no. Yes. Go back to Up that good thing man. Don't go ruin that bro. No, Leave the niggas low. Kenny. You need Brian. That's toxic Though. That is your missing piece Kenny. No it's not. That is your missing. Nah then you say he needed a wing team. Nah. Okay. Broad Kenny. I mean they probably be raw with LeBron though. I ain't going hold you. He'll be the truth. They probably would be Bro. That's a better fit for LeBron than the Lakers bro.


But y'all know what's going to happen if they trade for LeBron, somebody else is gonna have to leave em. They're Who cares. Who, who cares. Well Keep giving me keep my boy Darius. Keep my boy Donovan and who else is anybody else can go. You gonna need Gerald Allen too. Nah, you can't trade Gerald Allen. No you can't trade none of them. All them guys say LeBron just gotta join that team. He either gotta like, I don't know how many years he got on this dig. He gotta opt out and just Bro LeBron to the Cavs y Don't go ruin that team bro. Leave them alone. He just gotta join. He gotta join that crew like D Wade. Yeah he just gotta go join. Yeah, he cannot get anybody traded. Hey that would be crazy if he was on that team though. As is constructed. I know that's a lot to ask but if he could just get on that team bro that would be crazy.


He really could though. If Anybody could do it. LeBron. Yeah it'd be the first person to wake himself from a player standpoint. He beat the Warriors yesterday. One 14 to 98. Bam had 19 to nine. Tyler Hero had 14 to eight. Steph had 31 to seven. TJD had 19 to seven. It's time to just break the Warriors up. It's time it ran its course. Okay. It started with Clay. That was a, that was a kick. Yeah. One kickoff, one Clay left. Now it's time to move on from Draymond. Mm Damn think so. Nah, I love Dre but it's just like they gotta blow it up. They gotta go young. They not about to win nothing. It's over with. Yeah, like unless they about to make some big trade and get another superstar or something, they can't do that.


They might as well just go young, ask step, do we wanna be a part of the rebuild? 'cause you a legend you can even ask Draymond, y'all wanna be a part of this rebuild, we gonna go young or whatever. And I'm sure Draymond gonna say I wanna go compete and he can go wherever he need to go the Lakers, wherever and but right now it ain't looking good. Let's say got a plan to get a superstar just blow it up and go young man let Minga and them boys rock out. Yeah, Try Something. It's time for something though. And Camming's out for the next couple weeks too so that hurts. I'm just saying like in the future I'm just saying but you can't even like think about moving him in the situation 'cause he is hurts still. Oh yeah. So that even kind of helps fuck up the plans even more. I agree with that situation. They need to ask him do I wanna be a part of this or not. But if not free dope man.


Yeah. Them was your guys boy them was your boys That looked really good at be the season and shit. Got wicked boys. Yeah. Told y'all Boys that shit is, that shit is spooky. That Cinderella shit is quiet bro. I swear to God they they going to Cancun. You was right. And I, I mean they, I mean they've been great for how many years Had one of the best row in. That's My history man. I all love Dre know was eight or nine years. Yeah bro. Yeah They, they got Rings, they, you know, ask them if they want be a part of the rebuild or not. Yeah, right. They San Antonio spurge bro. Yeah, Let let Draymond go cook. It is gonna look weird. He gonna have like Tony Har it is gonna look like Tony Parker in a Charlotte jersey but Oh that's nasty shit.


Oh Dre and Charlotte it's lit. No, Draymond. I'm gonna text you later bro. He Gotta go to the Lakers. He go to the Lakers. He Gotta go to the Lakers. They could use Draymond. And you seen Christie over there with Warriors. Now if he said he don't wanna stay for rebuild and they said Charlotte, that's wicked. That ain't no rebuild. Nah He might Lit Stay for the, we're not building. He should go to the Lakers. They need a five he'll fit. Perfect. Damn. He a compliment. I was just saying he play the five shit s respect. He can guard the fives. He compliment ad and Brian will, he gonna play hard. He gonna do all the small things. That first clip of Draymond and LeBron cussing each other out on the court mid-game is gonna go platinum.


Yeah, it's gonna be great. Nah but they need each other to hold each other accountable. That's probably where he wanna go anyway though. For sure. For sure. Like you, we was talking about this with Steph. I had a question for y'all. Do y'all feel like people in a couple years down line with where the throwback Steph, Curry jersey. I asked it on Twitter and people was like back and forth about it. It was just like, yeah Step great but them jerseys is boo boo like I'm gonna be real bro. Jerseys is lame bro. Basketball jerseys is lame in general. Like I don't think they just really rocking them with jeans no more. Like we was, yeah like Throwback was more like our era growing up. Like a kid wearing a jersey just a kid. He just like, oh he got a, that's one of his favorite players. Nigga's not getting swaggy with a a, a, you know what I mean? A stiff throwback


Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're sale a Draftking sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns. Grab some tds with Draftking Sports book. They're sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking Sports Book app and use Code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Playoffs we're talking about playoffs. You bet we are. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning in the playoffs. And you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six. Go to the DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sports Book app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms in responsible gaming resources, see dk ng.co/audio.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup Dave. I know right? I was worried we'd bring back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room. Blinds.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard To install. No, it's easy even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. But you fly Across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look At you. A Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh Blinds.com is the goat. The Goat Shop blinds.com right now and get up to 40% off select styles. Plus a free professional measure and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 40 percent@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this new year. Make sure you take some time to take care of yourself and your family. Stock up on your favorite personal care items now through January 28th and earn four times the points to use towards discounts on groceries or fuel Shop in store, online or in the app for items like Pantene shampoo, old Spice Body Wash, Pampers Swirlers Diapers, Venus Razors and Crest. Complete toothpaste and earn four times points on your purchase. Offer ends January 28th. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Get in zone. AutoZone. Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? I think my battery's dead with free battery testing and charging. We can help you get back on the road. Get and so auto. So what if I need a new one? We have the right Durast battery for you. Only at Auto Zone get and so Auto And what about my old battery? We can recycle it right here at America's number one battery destination. Get and so auto zone restrictions apply


And he's too young to be a throwback like we wore West Unsealed, throwbacks and motherfucking niggas used to get off the What's My Boy 44 for the Spurs? Yeah like them was are throw next bro wearing a Steph Curry jersey three years from now Bro, you damn near like bro. Especially if you grown, you damn near gotta be 12 and under so any nigga wearing another nigga jersey that just got out the league is crazy. Like no disrespect to my nigga but if a nigga got the team jersey on right there They lit bro. Especially just playing four years. Like if you got like a double zero Atlanta Hawk Throwback Niggas is out of pocket. That's Hard. Nah, if they got the double zero that's, that's crazy.


That's hard. 55 Celtics jersey bro. Nobody want Dre my Green Jersey bro. On some real shit like shout out to my dog but that's crazy. They Wear the 23. No bro. Then you wearing 23 Dre, my Jersey. Dre might need to get a, a new number that de this course too. Shout out to my guy though. I'm just saying though. You don't wear, grownups is not allowed to wear basketball jerseys bro. Within the first 15 years of somebody, you gotta wait 15 years to wear LeBron Jersey bro. 15. Yeah, you can wear a throwback bro. It's not a throwback. You can Wear a Cleveland Brown, a Miami, you can wear Miami, LeBron Jersey. Like these kids are supposed to be wearing like a, I don't even know.


Somebody in the nineties, probably early. A J wheel. Yeah. Where a J Wheel throwback but not no fucking, You can wear a a LeBron heat jersey right now Bro. With what? You gonna, you're gonna judgey. I'm not, I'm talking about, I'm not wearing no man jersey. Like I'll wear, I'll wear a football jersey or I'll wear like a penny. Hardaway like a throwback. Throwback Ex. Exactly. Yeah, but and I, I'm not gonna wear it nowhere. I don't know where I'll be wearing the shit. No, but I'm just saying like if you, if you just seen another grown man with a LeBron James jersey on today, you gonna be bro. What he on bro? He A fan. He a fan? Yeah but like what he on for real bro. Like you catch a nigga in a bar. That motherfucker Right there kind of tough though right there.


Which one? The Six Heat. The red One. Oh The Roses. I wonder Not that one. That's nasty. Nah, that's weak work. Yeah if you wearing an Adidas jersey like throwback y'all Mickey Mitchell and this, he made my head just hurt my head with all throwback Man. Right there to the left. You see that D Wade? I think. Yeah Know Mike don't follow the race. Nevermind man. Right there you tell me. Yeah, like that kind now. Yeah it was real. It was like that. But you kept clicking. You got the Tim Hardaway that's far. Yeah, Exactly bro. He but but I'm saying you can get away with a LeBron. No Bro. And they heat but who cares Niggas To get off with a D Wade jersey and you not gonna say nothing to him.


Oh that's Crazy. Nah, I don't want no d Wade jersey. Not right now. That's too early. Okay. But LeBron different though 'cause he didn't play for 12 teams. Y'all got it Man, that's Crazy. The Jersey got here but hey man, questions that need answers for sure. Could you hold on because you gotta think LeBron's playing for the Lakers right now. So the heat feel like so long ago him playing for the heat. So a nigga wearing a a bronzes rookie jersey. He's okay. That orange, that first clip one? Yeah that orange cast One with the, with the LeBron ones the Nike zones. I ain't mad at that. I ain't, I mean ain't mad at that wild. You really love LeBron. Yeah, you, you love LeBron. But I ain't mad at that if you generations the first Jersey I was not gonna the club the Game, if you're going Game shit is 20 years ago bro.


Bro I had that jersey in middle school. That shit is 20 years. If you're going to a LeBron game, that's A throwback. For real bro. That shit was 20 years. That Navy LeBron Jersey Cleveland? Yeah that yeah. Yeah. That's a throwback bro. That get play. Yeah I'm rocking that, that get play. I'm like that motherfucker hard Dix Where where would you wear bro? Do your thing. Not to the club. Dr. Kennedy told y'all just If you're going to the game, put the norm bro saying Jersey Kennedy bro. He always say his Name. I don't, I don't say his name. I call some real shit. I've never even heard of him. I swear to God respect Don Kennedy. But who is that? I wouldn't know who he was if I saw him like that. I've never heard Now Kiki Palmer. Hey y play Don Kennedy So shot Bullshit.


But I never heard Don Kennedy. For real. I want y'all playing something for me. I got you bro. Bro you, you had you capping, you had, I swear to God Man you just not, you don't remember it bro. I Ain't trying to, we ain't, we ain't no slender no SI ain't trying to bro ain No do slander guitar show no slander bro. DJ always say Dom King, I be like man who is that? Don't wear the club. Ain't ain't trying to shad him bro. Because he always, you always reference that. He said don't wear a bronze in the club. Yeah bro. I need to hear that. I got you. We'll Play it. Yeah bro, I'll message you a playlist for sure. No, don't send no playlist. Nah tap in. Nah, don't send no playlist songs. I'm only rocking, I'm only listening to Jello shit right now. Hey y'all mix tape. Shout out to BC Media Y Mix tape. That song Inspire.


Y'all see my head going to rolling loud. Nah, that's it. Yeah we gonna talk about that on the pod. That's all that going crazy right now. For sure. AE on a high streak had 32 yesterday, beat the Pelicans 1 0 4 to nine, seven Freaky Z came back yesterday. Glad to see him back, man. Glad to see him back. Windmill crazy. Yeah, If you do not play that long and your first game back, you doing womens like that remind You'all how special Is was like slim down too. So I ain't gonna Lie. I ain't on special bro. Yeah, yeah. When he is on the court he used to be dealt bro. Yeah, when he on the court bro. He's, he's special bro. He's my CTV bro. Yeah, He's still a star. He, he's somebody who could go to a team and move needle For sure bro. Ah, for sure man they gotta, they can't trade him though. Like when he come like as soon as he stepped on the court it was like you could tell New Orleans was like, ah we back.


Yeah. Like he gave him so much hope Seemed like the city dude. Fuck I was, that's what I was concerned about. I didn't know if the city fooled with him or not. I mean it was like so much hope was back in the squad just looking at him. They looked rejuvenated. They was cheering all hard. Yeah, especially what just happened in city too. That was a good moment for him to have some uplifted spirits For sure. If CJ McCullum could make a shot last night, probably been a different game. He just was off. It was a bad night for him, but he was tired. He'd been carrying him the last two games. Facts. Facts. Yeah. But to get Zion back and Deonte Murray starting to catch a little rhythm. Nigga missed 27 games. Mervis Kelly shit had 29, Zion had 22. A Kelly yesterday, 32 and nine. Jr had 16 to six. Man. You was how you feel Uhs feel the same. We weak.


Okay. My boy, he gonna kill regardless man. He just a gamer. That's all. You don't think the lineup change affected his team? A little Bit. I think that helped but I, it is so soon though. Like it is just a couple games. Okay. I love Mike on the bench though. You know what I'm saying? I hate a nigga say that about me. I loved you on the bench too with the wars. You know what I mean? So you let Derrick Rose get his shit off. Good salute to you King. He step down sometimes bro. Knees getting worried, you know what I mean? Step down sometimes there Today. Shout, shout out to Conley. You feel me? I'm just saying I'm not dis we, you know, we speak high. No, no Respect To Mike, Mike, but I'm saying he's good in any situation.


I said that like yeah, he ain't rattled. If he, if he gotta sit down and play his role, he gonna play his role regardless. So that might, it might. And he Gonna do it with like class class bro. And he gonna like really be happy for the next man. Yeah. That's what we loved about Mike. You know what I mean? He was never a hater. I Just don't think he was ever aggressive enough to be like, Hey man, just put me on the bench like he was, you know what I mean? That's, I was, I was, I was tired of guarding them niggas. I ain't Gonna lie. Yeah, I think Mike, if you gonna sit Mike down, you gotta walk to him Mike would you, you feel me? Do You mind? Right. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's, see Mike ain't really social like I am. Yeah. Like I'm, I'm in the streets. I'm outside. I'm talking, I'm doing my thing. Yeah. So people tell me, boy you getting killed. All right. You gonna like how I play?


Yeah. Got something for you. So you, yeah, Mike is a different timber wolf than You. Yeah Mike, we going to a different bar, you know what I mean? Mike is more Jira bayless, know what I'm saying? Just reserved and chill. He Going to where Mike be going? You more or not that Mike Conley, but Mike Freaky Mike. Oh, where he be going? I don't Know where Mike, I mean like what's the, what you call on play Sies? Nah, no, no, no, no. That's where I go. What's the little speakeasy? What he gotta speak easy and shit. Oh Lord. He shit. Nah. What's the the bourbon? Bourbon rooms and shit like that. He go to bourbon rooms where they serve bourbon and nothing but bourbon.


I go where they got Hennessy and Kasai Zoo on the wall. Them special doors. He go where You from? He go to speak easy. Shout to the speaker. Easy. Where you got Mike go to the Pry? Yeah, he's snapping fingers and shit. I'm going to Mojo. He going to God Flory For sure Going To Flory. It's crazy. I'm going to Mojo bro. He going to Flory half Off Lemon drops. My nigga. Freaky Misel. He that's special. I'm gonna death, I'm gonna death Comedy Jail. He going to death Poet. Oh For sure. For sure. Crazy man. Oh man, he Is definitely going to see Adele.


I'm gonna see Ashanti and Nelly Look here. He said what? Yeah, see I'm not going, I'm going So You know the vibes Adele is actually good right? Lie. Nah, she's just elite for sure man. But after 27 games, y'all feel like Zion Shade in the city. Alright cool. What do you do with CJ and bi? You gotta move him still. You gotta move Bi BI wanna leave bro. Yeah, you, if you get offer a Max extension, you definitely wanna leave. Yeah. Yeah. And you don't wanna take it or even close to the Max Extension. Yeah, you probably, I need new, I need new vibes bro. Yeah, like we was talking about yesterday, control Destiny for once for him being able to, alright, I can actually do what I wanna do this song. I ain't mad at that at all. CJ definitely gotta go on somewhere too, man. Yeah, cj I Don't know where though.


I, yeah, he's a, he's a valuable piece but he might be hard to trade for him. People might be, I think New Orleans might ask for too much for him. Mm. Yeah, I don't know what He's worth a lot. I mean he can help any team but I just don't see nobody giving up a lot of stuff. Or cj, I don't know what contending the team. He could start off, I don't think he can. I think he, he's ready to contend like Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He and he at that time play For a championship. So I don't know. I think, I think once we start getting some moves making like the Bradfield situation look out for the Jimmy. But once we start seeing how those situations fanned out, we'll start seeing was basically the market prices for stuff. So we'll know about that as time progresses for sure. Some more games last night took place. So Hornets beat the Sons yesterday book went crazy anyway. He had 39, 10 and six. KD had 26 and six.


The Melo had two ten seven bridges. 21 to seven. Please tell me y'all saw that pass on the, off the back of the road? Yeah, after the bar. Yeah. He just doing whatever he want out there. He having fun. I actually love it. But they gotta blow the suns up. This is not it Bud. You know I love you to death brother. That's Probably our A game. We won this shit Blood Pro Bud. Boy. I know the wine is flowing. Melo out that clown, you know comes the backboard behind the back. Yeah, he don't. Yeah, it's over. He don't give a damn. He having a lot of fun killing though. Killing, killing. I'm saying you can't say nothing had make coaches fucking with it though, bro. Two ten seven I'm killing bro. Ain't nothing to say to me but Bud, I know he's probably stressed the fuck out.


Say beat. They has too shout out to my boy Bow you was killing Too. What do y'all see with the Suns? Like what's really wrong? So we already been told bro told you our sources told that locker room ain't it? Yeah, that ain't was a poorly con, it was a poorly construction team last year. They tried to put a bandaid over with Ty Jones. It's not a a good constructive team bro. Oh, it's over with? Yeah. So what they knew if you got a, if y'all from the house, you know from the streets. I'm get gimme the streets point of view. What they gotta do with the Suns? What? What they talking about in the barbershop? Man. K. Get outta there bro. Yeah listen, listen you a Rolling Stone, you know I mean Yeah you living that song my nigga.


Go wherever you want to go bro. Because that ain't it. That's just as bad as that Brooklyn team. The Brooklyn team was actually there. Brooklyn was actually good. No they was good. But I'm saying after a while it's kind like it's too much bro. The problems. Yeah, the problems. I mean, yeah, I ain't talking about the team like the problems bro. Go where you celebrated bro. So now where do you think Katie need to go? Anywhere for Katie bro. So come fuck with us in Charlotte. So you already got your chips? No, you already got your chips bro. Come fuck with Melo and Charlotte bro. So you have to lose, bro, the streets. The streets is saying that KD need to leave. Yes bro. You went to all these good teams and you didn't, you didn't win it. You didn't win it. Doley. This the Sun Team Fire on paper.


The Brooklyn team Fire on paper bro. Come fuck with us. Turn up bro.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this new year. Make sure you take some time to take care of yourself and your family. Stock up on your favorite personal care items now through January 28th and earn four times the points to use towards discounts on groceries or fuel shop in store, online or in the app for items like Pantene shampoo, old Spice Body Wash, Pampers Swaddles diapers, Venus Razors and Crest. Complete toothpaste and earn four times points on your purchase. Offer ends January 28th. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Get in zone. AutoZone, Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? Ah, thinking about gas mileage. You know, changing your oil with a full synthetic oil like mobile one can help your engine get more miles. Right now you can get five quarts with an STP Extended Life Oil filter for only 38 99. Get started on your next job today with the parts you need when you need them@autozoneorautozone.com. Get Zone AutoZone restrictions apply.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup Dave. I know, right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room Wine.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it's easy even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You Fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look At you Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Oh Blinds.com is the goat. The goat Shop blinds.com right now and get up to 40% off select styles. Plus a free professional measure and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 40 percent@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Retire on Charlotte Warner bro. You really one of us. For real bro. What's the media Say? Smoke weed you and we smoke heavy weed. Heavy Weed bro. Media said you're sending this man in any of his career To the Warner. He outta Pocket. They got eight wins bro. This, This will be one of the best point guards he ever played with. They Gonna get the number one pick and get K close. You like the third best point you already played with, bro? Yeah. Keep the streak alive bro. Oh man, you crazy. You Move down going to the Suns bro. You need a real PG bro telling you. Yeah, I honestly, I think a lot of people are expecting for the Suns to say, hey, all right Devin Booker is gonna be our mainstay where I had that conversation about it and you have to move on. You don't have any money that you can spend on shit. You don't have any picks that you can move.


The only way that you gonna get your franchise back in the situation where you can do some shit is by moving Brad Bill moving kd. KD has nothing to prove. Keep Brook. I feel like you keep book because that's your franchise guy. Yeah. Let book Reggie Miller that bitch out. Fuck it Bradley Bill, get him outta here bro. You need to start your KD campaign bro. Yeah Bro. Before it get too late bro. Now Bradley Bill needs to go to somebody who has the potential to win. Hey I fuck with Brad Bill situation. He said y'all gotta holler at me. Yeah, Right. KD is already solidified in the NBA bro. We do not care if KD does not win another championship bro. You already stand bro. Go have fun. You damn near 40 Now while we here, what's a good team? You think like contender wise or playoff wise? What's the team? I think KD would potentially join.


I don't think he care about. I'm gonna keep real with y'all bro. Y'all let y'all do that. The nuggets Bro, that would be crazy if he went to the Nuggets. People would kill KD bro. They would kill him bro. Hey they I'm saying what could they trade? Well N PJs some pigs and something else. I mean if they nah, they ain't gonna be enough. No, I'm saying but you, if you, yeah, I mean if you trade Aaron Gordon NPJ in a pick or two for kd. Wow the nuggets are fire. What's up bro? I don't know if there's a world that could keep Aaron Gordon in that team, it will not be a world. Nah we will. Okay not reaching too much. He Don't wanna go to the 76 ERs. That's a shit show. N no He don't wanna go to the BS Bro.


There's no world where KD and Y's brother but same team. I'm not going for that. You know? Not in my division. Nah bro. Fuck. So that's one you get rid of Bobby Portes, you get rid of Christmas. He Might be able to go to the Pacers though Man. Send the house. I don't care what we have to do. Nah, send every fresh round pick until 3000. I don't care. I'm on some real shit. I really want KD to go to the Knicks. Man, fuck that Villanova team man. Go rock with Ka bro. Get rid ofm. Get rid of og. You were trying to every knick be about to hit you Right. They just found happiness to the scene and you fucking up. Nah, I'm gonna be on some real shit. He cannot go nowhere. Where is KD gonna go for real? Go back to Golden State. He can go, you know what, he can really go to the Spurs though.


Or Memphis. I like him in Memphis. He can go to Memphis too and he can go to the Spurs though. That'd be crazy while Remy and Katie is cheating bro. They could though. They could put it together. Memphis would be cool for Katie though. Memphis would be real cool. That's a good, Memphis is a container with Katie. That's a great tre. He Trey Marcus Smart. Who else they got For sure him? They got a lot of that picks Phoenix Picks, picks Marcus Smart picks. Damn my fuck with Desmond too. But he Might have to get that trade too. Yeah if you, if you be Phoenix. Nah, because they already got debunks. They might not take that back. Nah, I don't. I don't know. They might, they figure it out. They might not have enough. The Spurs got enough though.


Mm they got picks. They got a bunch of young players. It's just not lit in San Antonio. It ain't, it's not lit bro. It's not. Yeah that's, Nah that's a Tough seat to live in for sure. Ah it ain't that bad Unless he wanna go back and play with James Harden at the Clippers. MP ain't bad bro. Hey I you Trey MP for KD Go to la? Nah, MP got stuff. We the new Paul George Who doing That? If I got James Harden Kauai and KD, I'll figure the rest out. No disrespect nor pound. He co. But I'll see what this look like for sure. Yeah, basically that's, I'm gonna see what the fuck going on. I mean he had that already. E and P will go crazy in Phoenix though.


He would go go crazy. He'll go Crazy for sure. We'll respect. We have fun playing hops. We'll move along though for sure. The Rock repeat the wizard yesterday 1 35 to one 12 Belt to add situation. Jaylen Green killing right now had 29 and six yesterday. Sat gun had 26 and 10. Amen. Thompson been hitting the glass crazy. 15 rebounds to go with 20 points in four assists. Man Rockets looking good. Hey him playing at the fours are special. Hey that's how you know these boys are strong as hell and athletic. Yeah as hell. He playing at the fours and plays of Joe Bar Smith and he hooping like and it might be tougher Jabbar to get that spot back because He wasn't doing that Bro is hooping, he cleaning that glass too. For sure. Man bro is hooping like, I don't know it might be tough. He might, he might found his, he might found himself as a starter now for sure.


Hey he's cold. He cold bro. That's what happened though. When motherfucker get injured. I mean next man up for for sure but yeah he Fulfilling that spot for sure. Yeah man he hooping and Jalen green man I seen B Dove say he getting that real. He was like, he getting that grown woman cooking and shit. Hey it might be true bro. Pot roast got my boy hooping bro. Hooping he deserve it. I mean he killing we everybody questioning his max deal. Whatever he had got and he proven that he was worth every penny. Yeah they they looking promising man. Inmate got them young boys hooping. We talk about looking for more can with more minutes and stuff like that as well. Yeah 18 minutes bro. He one of the most efficient scorers I seen in the minute like when he get his opportunity, he make the most of it and for sure and I know this is a G League game but they move re she down, he had 49 yesterday.


Hey that Rockets team got, they got a promise, promise in the future bro. Bro. Real promise I told you them wings man. They got wings. I mean I know Tar Easton now. I know Jabari Smith out. They got a lot of wings and that's what you need in the league right now. Do you, if you're the Rockus, do you see what the, what the son's talking about with kd? Yeah. Nah leaving alone. Nah, leave him. Leave that alone. Okay. You Got a young court like the rock out with yours? Yeah leave that alone. But I mean you gonna have to pay, you pay Jaylen Green, you gotta pay Jabari. The Thompson twins is well one of them. Whatever the twin it is. Hey man. Yeah he got a couple couple years. He got a couple more years on his deal. Perfect. Come out to bit the books next year.


I mean you it is cool. You got money, you, you got young but nah don't mess that up. Leave it alone. Yeah. Straight up. Last but not least, your Hawks yesterday got a dub yesterday. 1 24 to 1 21 was last. Why the best game of the night? Oh y'all played the jazz and one by three but Trey Young had 24 and 20 yesterday. Crazy, crazy, crazy. People win a couple games now the pacer are back. Hey we would never get to Utah Jazz. I might lost Lord bark at 35 yesterday. Low key. Hey man Trey young man for game from half court. Most that's nasty. Right. Let's talk about his stat line though. 20 and 20 bro. Elites like all star Him man. I don't know what else we gotta talk about.


Allstar Guard playing Tre, young K Cunningham, Tre Young man 20 and 20 damn game winner from half court. Damn we our record better. Damn we got the same amount of talent around us. Mm. What? What? Who better is there a Jalen Johnson on the Pistons that I'm not aware of. Tobias Harris supposed to be he he's not. Jalen Johnson Is Tobias. Yeah. Shout to my boy. Toad. Let's let's go to the numbers. Y don't all like numbers next to each other. Yeah. Oh here you go. Let's do it. Go With this shit. Let's go with the numbers. I know Jalen Johnson having better moments than Tobias here but I'm saying nah nah, you right K and Trey 20.


Oh here y'all go down this road again. I think it's gonna be what the Trey's gonna be like 2212. 12. Yeah. It's gonna be crazy But me, them numbers next to each other. Who got the better numbers? Ooh that's gonna be tough man. Trey Young, they got a better team. I think the only part that's that sucks in this situation is that between the two that K would get the nod. 'cause they just hit on Trey Young for no reason. If they head on Trey Young this year it is out of pocket. He ain't, he ain't said nothing in the media. He hasn't, he been chilling. All he been doing is hooping. But they snubbed him that year. He was African what? Like 26, 27? Yeah. Yeah. Like I don't, I don't what it's the only thing is he's shooting a bad percentage on the field. He's not shooting great. Like he's not having a great shooting year but they winning games and he's the main focal point.


I know my boy Melo making it La Melo Ball definitely making it. No, the fans said yes bro. They tapped in. He in the hay. The fans is only like 50. I don't think they 50% tomorrow I think's like 25% of the votes. Niggas gonna be Ha Yeah. Has to make an Allstar game. He Gonna be the biggest Allstar ever with at least amount of wins bro. If he comes out as the first one and the, the voting and he don't make it. That's crazy G Bro G Bros only like 25%. It's A fan game bro. Go wifi working again. 22 and 12. Yeah, that's All Star Trey Young better than Kay Cunningham. I, I wouldn't have to make conversation either, but I, I mean shit, both of these, these stats is crazy too.


Yeah. They both having great years. I I wouldn't be surprised if they both make it. 'cause I don't think Darius Garland will make it over them. Yeah, I don't think so either, unfortunately. Yeah. And you got jb you got JB will make it and I think Lalo Yeah, ain't talking about dam. Would dam make it? I don't think Lalo gonna make it. That's gonna be a great question. Does Dame make it? Mm, yeah, there's growing numbers ain't gonna be good enough in this situation. Even though they having a hell of a year. Like you said, they probably not even playing a lot of fourth quarters. They'd be a big Nas but yeah, it just might be his year, unfortunately. Mm. That's crazy. Dam Dame numbers is D Game 24 and seven is K Canham a all star over Dame Lillard?


I don't know man. Where where are the Milwaukee Park? Let's go to Eastern Copper Center. Sorry. Yeah, the Bucks is five. They started off trash too, so Yeah, Damer gotta get it. Yeah. Damn near. I don't think the Bucks can get two all stars. Even though they both, we know they both deserving to be all stars. Damer is definitely deserving to be an Allstar. If the Cavs can't get two, the Bucks can't get two. That's fair. Like I ain't at that ideology. Yeah, they probably ain't gonna get in there, which is crazy. But he should. My two is better than your two though. Most definitely. My two are pretty All Stars. But if, if you going off that premise that I ain't mad at it, but yeah, it is going.


We gonna see. So you know, unfortunately getting close to that time period, injuries and shit like that happening, they might not even give a fuck about being an All Star. Yeah. I mean yeah I, I'm, I'm sure Dame wanna be Allstar just for the legacy purposes straight up. I ain't mad at it. Yeah, we'll see Anyway. He shout out to your Haw top 75. Who? Who really cares? Yeah, I was gonna say that nigga just solidify whatever he do anyway. But yeah, shout out to your Hawkin, the Doug Best Day for show. Got a couple games night. See how y'all feel about him. Thunder at Cavs Thunder. Damn that was slight Easy for us. Got it. Told y'all about that. And we had this already. We Got the calves, you got the Cavs. We about beat the shit out here. That's A good game. Match up the number ones man. We gonna see for sure Bulls at Pacers, Bulls damn run.


So are we. We good money but I think Tyree might be out too so play By here. I definitely bulls Chicago Bulls. We know which ones they are. The Chicago Bulls. I'm more patience Money Line T. You got the hat on? What's up? I got the Bulls. That's crazy. Wizards at seven, six ERs. That boy thought he had one didn't he? He put the patient hat on. Just Disrespect. I don't, I got the Sixers but I'm low key nervous to take the Sixers Jordan Pool playing. Should be Alright Wizards. You going Wizards? I'm gonna go Wizards my Dog. I'm gonna go Wizards for show Raptors at Nicks. Nicks? Yeah. Nick's been dropping games. They gonna beat the ass. Pistons at Net Tubby.


That's the mid off of the day Shit. Trash. Actually no that's not the real mid off. I'm disrespectful. Six his best Wizards? Yes. Blazers at Pelicans is a definitely the mid off. Oh God that is a two B. Oh original. Yeah. Flip a coin. Who cares? I'm gonna go Pelicans though 'cause I ain't back. Yeah He don't. He probably ain't gonna play tonight if he don't play it back. Toback. That's crazy. I wouldn't be ever miss a choice. You, you're right. Clippers at Nuggets. Ooh Nuggets. Nuggets. If my boy still got covid, hell nah. I'm going with Clippers. Ah yeah Yogis is still out. I'm gonna go with the Clippers. Yeah I'm gonna go Nuggets. Spurs at Bucks Buckaroos?


Yeah I'm gonna end with bucks Wi verse Giannis, I'm gonna take the Bucks. Yeah I'm roll with the bucks as well. Verify buckets. Who was getting to it yesterday? Be here. I'll give it to my boy Melo man. 32, 10 and seven. That's a light day for us though. Nah we we better than everybody on this three so that's why I chose Melo. Damn. Well I'm gonna show some other D book, you know what I'm saying? Even though I took the L 39 and 10. Ain't is a nice day at the office for sure. You think Lalo better than D book? Yeah we better than everybody Bro. Oh okay. But Trey Young as well. Yeah, I'm gonna take Trey Young 24 and 20 game winning from half court. That's big. That's Crazy bro. Five bucket bro. That's Big. Yeah man. 20 assist is crazy by the way as well.


Listen man, the get well song list, there's a lot of people need some encouragement this Wednesday morning man. Who you got be here? Shout out to my boy Cooper flag for Dunking on no boy yesterday. I don't know the other gentleman's name but you know what I mean. We got the crowd rocking Big Win. I think we played Pittsburgh yesterday. Yeah. Hey know what I mean? They said we don't have a bag and that shows you, you know what I mean? We coast to coast. That ain't, that ain't nothing we I Never say you on Athletic, you know what I mean? So light work Drake Linko so hey. Yeah and we staring down, we on that type of time. Get well soon to the other white man in the video Number 20. Hey you see after he dunked on me he like hey money back like damn nah bro, ain't no pat pushing bro.


Yeah get a flagrant bro. Crash out. Nah I don't do that. Nah bro, you dunk on me bro. I'm gonna make a highlight myself Man. He probably dunked on a 26-year-old. That's another reason why that was my get well soon moment Guaranteed 26 man you crazy my get well soon man. You gotta go to Derrick Lively man. Well old man bro. Yeah man some of that shit is so impressive bro. What Is these fucking memes be out of pocket nigga said dad's what? Cut to the middle go help you nigga. That's your bitch. You do it. Hey nigga really rocked the rock, the baby and punch. Hey that's funny. That's How disrespectful sw Hey yeah y'all telling me that ain't one of his best dunks ever.


I gotta see it's amazing. But he switch hands bro. Bro Did so much crazy shit. I don't even know if I could just, bro, if I'm He really windmill, he just put in the other hand Bro. Damn did though. He bro, he bro Nah y'all don't count that ain't no wind come on now y'all guessing. I know niggas is fans but Damn I ain't gonna say a windmill That dunk, That dunk was fired bro. That dunk. But to say a windmill is crazy And went over a footer. Yeah I ain't gonna say it's a windmill bro. I'm fucking with it. I ain't gonna lie. Nah it was fire. Hey yeah, give up something Derrick Wild. He's probably pissed. You just had your John Lucas moment? Nah for sure. Boom. Damn that's tough.


Tell you who you got. Shit that was my highlight. Nah, the trey Trey shit from half court fired though. Nah That is a verified bucket. But the, the game winner from Half Court Tough. Yeah that's, that's some Dr. Fish. I think that was on Colin s Sexton too. Yeah, that's tough. I mean Colin s Sexton hit a big shot to you know tie the game up. That's what I'm saying. When you do that you thinking you, you know what I mean? Yeah, about Guess what but you don't think somebody Look at him afterwards. He little standing there like Eddie splashing. Oh I'm shitty. You don't think somebody pulling up like that though. Gil was also on Colin and you killed yesterday. Not enough. Too many niggas left but enough. It's cold in here.


Ice Trey, that's big. 20 years sis crazy. He was fucking bawling yesterday. Yeah, shout out to Trey Young man. I'm I'm gonna send, give us something to the heat as well because what Steph Curry did to him yesterday was very disrespectful. What did he do? Man? Just look at this highlight bro. Bow Bow. Where where does he rank his handles all the time. You Know what top 10 Steph got handles but it's 'cause he could shoot, look at everybody jump, you know what I mean? So you react to that? Yeah. What anytime he he he owow. Wow that's anytime he Hit it off so fast.


Falls Yeah he ain't really fast. Ow but anytime he put that, that hezie up like he about to shoot you gotta react 'cause it's not that Nigga. He get that bitch Up. Yeah niggas got P-P-T-S-D guard him bro. So nigga hand move us up. I swear to God it is like a pimp hand. You I probably shouldn't said that. Yeah, new under our campaign Steph cur with a pimp jacket that'd be fired. I on step. Ike is crazy. Ike Curry you ever seen? I seen Friday after next. You see where he slapped his mama about that barbecue sauce and she, he walked in the room. She started doing, What was the movie? Mike Gibbs with that powder on his hand and smacked him.


Ha, Junior Pimp. For real bro. Anytime he raise up bro, you step out boy shake it in their booth. That's crazy. Alright man. Wednesday be here. People trying to win. Somebody going to the weekend. What you got for em?


Oh yeah y'all this is the one, this is the one. You know what I mean? Only at Draft Kings The Crown is yours for sure. This is the one I done Lost my Crown Ass out. Shut up. This is not your segment. Okay. Damn nigga. Always fucking up my Marshall bro. Donovan Mitchell, 20 points. Shay 25 Dame, 25 Milwaukee Bucks Money Line, Tyrese, Halliburton, 20 points Giannis, I mean not Giannis car. Anthony Towns 20 5K Cunningham. 25 a thousand dollars. Y'all put a thousand on this one. $21,244 on the back end. Come on. One guy turned into 20. Yeah, so we on that today Thousand. Yeah. Yeah, But this is the one a thousand dollars wins you 21,244. I Thought Tyrese wasn't playing Though. He playing bro. Mind George bro. Speak. Speak when it's your turn bro. Okay. Damn bro. He Don't, I've been watching that show Speak so go FS one Lying. He ain't, I asked you a question about that man. Leave that for the podcast.


Oh, you know why I'm watching. We outta here man. Thanks you guys, Listen be we appreciate y'all. We'll be back tomorrow morning, man. Five 20 In The Morning. The Volume


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite Check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discovers accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen Report.


ABC Tonight, Tim Allen and Kat Dennings star in the new family comedy. Shifting gears. Dad, I am broke and I need a place to stay until I figure out what the rest of my life looks like. So a Couple of days open when his daughter moves back in the last time he walked out that door, you looked back at me and gave me a double bird. I was 18. The double bird was how I ended all our conversation. The wheels come off. Can We try to talk to each other like rational adults? Have you watch the news lately? That's not a thing anymore. Series Premier Tonight, eight seven Central on a, B, C, and Stream on Hulu.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this new Year. Make sure you take some time to take care of yourself and your family. Stock up on your favorite personal care items now through January 28th and earn four times the points to use towards discounts on groceries or fuel shop in store, online or in the app for items like Pantene shampoo, old Spice Body Wash, Pampers s Swirlers diapers, Venus Razors and Crest. Complete toothpaste and earn four times points on your purchase. Offer ends January 28th. Visit safeway.com for more details


Now on BET. Wednesdays at ten nine Central BET plus original series Diara from Detroit. From executive producer Kenya Barris and BET Studios comes what variety calls a PI drama with Flair Meet Diara Brickland. A public school teacher turned amateur private eye after the disappearance of a very hot date with the help of her friends and even her ex-husband. Dara's on a mission to find her missing lover. Diara from Detroit is now on BET. Wednesdays at ten nine Central.