
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework.


You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, One of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance, this is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Dear yes my love. Will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl mate. Are You asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes, a million times, yes. I will. Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online Only on two 14. Join Qdoba rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations Q Double Rewards members only log into account or scan QR code to check out one offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Delivery and taxes extra other restrictions may apply.


Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Upgrade the whole team at Lenovo dot com. Unlock ai experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors So you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device. Win the tech search for business PCs at Lenovo dot com. Lenovo Lenovo


The Volume. Good morning, happy Thursday, it's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Join us morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Prick. To my right, my brother. T Close. Good morning, how y'all doing? What's up bro? I had a good morning. I pull up in the big boy truck homie. Big boy drop. Okay. We be the only big boy that the big boys rocking tune. I ain't gonna say his name. Yeah So you can't see that part for Sure's. Definitely a red slower cup morning man. Everybody getting through it this lovely Thursday morning man. Before we get to the episode, wanna talk to y'all about All Star Weekend? Listen we pulling up to San Fran this weekend. Slide on us Saturday and Sunday we will be recording Mitchell and Nest Activation podcast.


We did it last year. We're doing it bigger this year. We there all day. Pull up slide on us. Holler at the team. Might get you a couple autographs, you never know who might slide through and last but certainly not least on Sunday. We at Footlocker with it from 12 to two balls. Life collaboration man we going crazy. Pull up, holler at us, get you some shoes. All that good stuff man. Y excited for the weekend. Oh yeah, I'm ready to get outta here bro. Yeah Shout out to the, he said we can't be having Allstar Indianapolis. It's two damn cold Across The crash as city. I said damn. Yeah that was, that was crazy. Damn you from Kentucky. I get. I understood he was saying though but damn. Yeah, love to 5 0 2. It is snowing outside right now. Yeah, facts outside.


But yes we Louisville Allstar game. I don't know if that's gonna happen man. Love for the 5 0 2. That's a little bit wicked but we'll see how in San Fran. Man we gonna have a good time man. Let's get to it for show yesterday, the MasterCard awards yesterday 1 11, 1 0 7. Kyrie went crazy. Had 42 and seven. Clay got little bit of get back as well. 17 to seven step. Did this thing with 25 and eight and Jimmy Hooped out with 21 and nine man and Kyrie carried his team so everybody get back. Well that was a good win. That's all I'm gonna say. Okay. That that was a good win. Taking day by day with him. Yeah, I mean I think he can play like this for for the remainder of season. I know he got the capable, I mean of capabilities to go crazy and carry a team but shit, that's a tough, tough task in the West with all those good teams that we talked about yesterday.


The quality of team over there. He gonna need some help. So hopefully lively no guys can get back and hopefully AD can get, you know we cover a little quicker than he thinks but he out two to three weeks. Yeah. Is looking like Yeah hopefully it can be one or two weeks, you know what I mean? Most definitely. And that and part of that eighties situation. They said they think he rushed back too quick to play for a new team while he gonna aggravate that AB injury. But you know Kyrie's more than capable of scoring the basketball for sure. We know that much and we've seen it without Luca this year. They look like they got superpowers whenever he's going crazy. So we'll stay tuned with that. Yeah that's the first L for the Warrior since Jimmy got to the team man. Something for them to just internalize or just move on from it. Yeah, They ain't supposed to go undefeated. That's part of NBA shit. Niggas understand wins the losses so they straight. Most definitely man it's, it is funny.


Everything that's surrounding the mask right now, you got the fans still mad, you know what I'm saying? You got the pretty much all the legislation like the governor pulling up and they booing him. Like that's hilarious to me that they really, that's happening like we really pissed y'all trade our superstar, we not getting over it that quick. Mark Cuban was there boy. He was like shut the fuck Down. Yeah he was talking Greek. Shut the fuck Up. Oh he was pissed too. He was going crazy yesterday bro. And I wish they would say something to Mark Cuban. I mean they did Trey people loved him in Dallas. Yeah was Dallas. He was the next dirt. They traded away basically the next dirt. That's tough. Nobody Ever acted like this over a trade bro ever, bro. Nah, but also not to me. Situations where your superstar gets traded.


He had 25 either not a person, that's all NBA five straight years. He just went to the finals last year. I think that's one thing that people are missing about the situation. It ain't no slice of ad but they literally just went to the finals last year. They did Man, he like 25, 26 years old. He's 25 bro. Yeah this is just weird bro. I don't know. I told y'all it was bigger than basketball. Yeah, if I was a mask fan I would still be bitter as well bro. Yeah I'd be really pissed too, honestly. Shout to the mask man. Quality win yesterday for show man. Makers lost though so it don't matter. Said that's what they gonna be gauging now. Yeah. Yeah it is cool if cool as we win but it they loses even more important for show. Yeah. Crazy game yesterday man gets your hawks 1 49, 1 48. Nicks got the dub yesterday in the ot. Crazy, crazy game man.


Kat went crazy. Will that boy Trey Young special Trey Young special bro, Kat another 40 piece 44 and 10 yesterday. Brunson showed up yesterday with 36 and eight. Trey Young went insane yesterday with 38 and 19. Man first of all, the game was a good ass game. My high score game. But the fact that that, you know what I'm saying, the Hawks even closed out the game to what they did to force it like that was crazy. Yeah. What'd you score? What seven what? Six. Seven points like seven seconds from crazy shit like that. Yeah. Hundred four nine points in the NBA game was nuts bro. Damn Listen man it was a hell of a game man. OT thriller. I ain't gonna lie. Trey Young, he cold bro. Like watching the game he, he put up some shots last night.


I ain't gonna hold you shots I that motherfucker, how many shots he shoot last night? He was 1129. He, I say he, he he got, he got him up last night. I was watching, he was putting him up but shit he was doing everything shit. Georges was putting it up? Yeah. Oh man he hit a big shot to help him force. I gave him to oc. Sure he don't, don't there. I like George with us though. He pissed the thing. I like George with us. All right. No kidding. Hey boy I gotta call you but hey, I like you with us man. Eight for 16 Take a, a bench game. A different environment for him Boy. Yeah I I like you with us now. I was a little skeptical but I'm back. I'm back. Shout out to Trey over shoot about 29 times but guess what I had 19 so I can't nobody say nothing.


He was trying to win the game man. That boy's special though. I ain't gonna lie. And you know what Reon do against New York. That's what was dope about it too. I'm like yeah anytime it's against New York, them game slots go all the way up man. Yeah that was a hell of a game yesterday definitely. It was a fun game to watch. Kat been dominant this season. We talked about him being all NBA. I definitely think he gonna make one of 'em second or third teams. You know Yolk got that center spot on lock but C gonna be second or third team for sure. You don't think he'll, he'll slide into the first this year. Hell no rule. I'm gonna say you going to get another beat put to the four Oh Giannis, if you going to front court and back court you gonna have Giannis and JT up there and Yolk. Yeah I was gonna say you don't think he can edge one of them out with the stats he got this year or it is it quiet?


Nah, it's Ham. I'm always a realistic player. It is quiet. Okay. Ka Gianni's averaging 30 something points a game man. Yeah he might have to be second team on NBA we looking at like that point because his, his numbers are crazy. 24 14 he kill him but Gianni's god damn 31 12 7. Yeah. Nah yeah Cat crazy. Nah 60% Cat eye. That boy shoot 60% from the field. Yeah Cat eye. Nah boy That's an armed robbery if he don't make First team. Yeah and that's crazy 'cause Kat's having his best year ever but that 31, 12 and six. Yeah bro you gonna have to be second team JT averaging what, 27? Yeah. Yeah and he like the baby face of the NBA if they slight jt.


That's crazy. Could we see yo JT statue? Y'all notice like JT and they with number two in the, in the east? Nah. Yeah I gonna say he like yeah 27, 8 and five. Yeah. Yeah that's quiet bro. That's crazy man. You having a good year though. But second team on NBA ain't bad either man. If Trey Young is gonna always play like this in the guard, make him anick woo. No you won't. No you'll Not that bad. That's bad business. No you'll not. That's Bad business. You think oh there's no trade that could happen but I would love to Detroit you up. You think New York you think they mad if Luca left, if Jalen Brunson leaves New York Oh there's no way that trade could happen.


Nah, I'm not saying kids would roll. Oh my god. Edgewood Rock. I love Trey Young and I, I actually think Trey Young is He fit the New York market. Yeah I think Trey Young probably would be even flyer in New York. Yeah If it wasn't for Jalen Brunson living But Jalen Brunson and became a Nick Legend and if they was toray him it'd be like Luca in New York and He gave up that money. Yeah. Shit you shit me. That ain't even a thought I'm tell you right now. Trey Young ain't giving up no no team for the deals. Pay what you weigh. Yeah. Facts as he should. He damn right a fuck about no New York I me that's crazy. Been like yeah five year two 70.


What? They be like well if you take this now you get four year 1 55 say five year split. Fuck is you talking about? Yeah, well but I'm sure he gonna get it on the back end though. Like when his career almost over and he done in like 8, 9, 10 years or whatever it is. New York gonna show him love. Yeah they gonna give some real estate. 'cause I'm gonna tell you right now, OGN and Noby would not been a nick fucking with me. Yeah. Shout out to him. I need that. You gotta think it's gonna be like you done. If they ain't give him some play, if they ain't buying him the penthouse or whatever he wanted, they probably going to player him up at the end like shit you are 18, you know you gonna be on that three years on league minimum to year 21. Yeah, yeah that's fine. They gonna be something smooth.


They should. And like you said, he's gonna be a beloved nick forever going forward no matter if they get a championship or not. He already, he already, they Fucking with him. He stamped, He's stamped bro. He don't got man, he literally don't have to do nothing else Which is crazy. And he already loved, I mean the expectations ain't, they ain't expecting a championship, they just wanna be relevant and he got them lit, threw six, eight last night. Elite bro. I know he probably so 13 for 21. Come on man. 42 minutes because he didn't play that much of his patience 'cause of foul trouble. So he was definitely ready to go yesterday. Got his shit off. Yeah. Alright bro, you already like a Precious did this thing too. Most definitely. He played 42 minutes to earn his money. Josh Hart boy Some good always working Man at basketball.


Yeah, Josh hard ain't gonna have, he got about three years left on his tour. They wrote it up on hey Man we ain't gonna wish that on. I ain't wishing on him but God Lee bro that boy play 45 minutes a game. What'd he play last night? 45. I telling y'all I just hope that if I Played for Rob be on cocaine bro. Nah, I ain't gonna lie. I wish, I wish I played for Tibs. I wish I played for Tibs when I was 24. Lamar O would've been well with Tibs for Sure. 24, 25. That's who you wanna play for. Yeah nigga you gonna get a check because you, You gotta earn that motherfucker. Nah, how you get that play Blue collar nigga? Nah I'm saying that's you work for Amazon fucking with Tib. Nah most definitely.


That's who, that's who you wanna work as a young, as a young player in the NBA. That's who you wanna work for at 24, 25. You wanna work for Amazon. Y'all calling Tib Amazon? Yeah because you gonna get a chance. Look at all the shot attempts. Nah yeah he setting you up to be successful. It's on you at that point. Look Precious. Look at Precious. He got 60 shots in back. That's crazy. You all, everybody getting a chance to shoot. Damn my, we got eight shots yesterday. Yeah eight, five or eight but Shit Precious you outta pocket but Damn Miles bro. You minutes broad. You sick. Eight minutes Campaign got some 15 Campaign is grateful. Yeah but Nick like and Shaman Fish and Chicken. I wish I was 25 with Tibs and he was like come on you got 42 tonight.


Yes I do. That means I'm getting at least 15 shots. I Know you wish you had Tibs instead of Mike Woody your freshman year. You fucking right. You fucking I. Yes you are right. Yes. He Would've been so up different. What We wouldn't be here on me wouldn't be here. I probably should That Paul, that first institution would've been crazy. We've be here for sure. I told you where I like to live. I be like boy I I would do the Zoom calls boy Zoom in man. He Pat I might be in there with my, I might come see my mama next week man. Y'all still got the little spot.


Y'all still got that little podcast? Hey yo. Oh does Jalen Brunson get first team on NBA or is he gonna get second team? I'm looking through for the guards. That's what the tough spot is. Oh you gotta compete with Dame gotta compete with Dane. He'll, he'll beat Dame out Donovan. He ain't gonna beat Donovan out. Donovan's getting first team by NBA this year For sure. Yeah SGA getting first team by NBA for sure this year. Yeah he's second team. Second team. Yeah man nigga, I don't know what you search Next issue with Jerry McCain is the first thing that pop up is the lyrics. Best TikTok. Come on bro. Free to real. Yeah, shout to next man hell of a season man. Trey, yo man.


Is this his last year in Atlanta? Hell nah, he got another one. Okay. It ain't nowhere You can go for real. You gonna trade him to Sacramento. Sacramento dire needs of a point guard. They just got, nah They just got old boy from the Fox. Markel Fox. Yeah, I ain't saying that was the shade to Markel foes. I swear to God I actually like Mark, I think he nice and he should have been in the league his whole entire year. Like I don't even know how he wasn't or whatever that happened but he deserved to be in the NBA. He been hooping fact. So I'm glad he got a chance. He probably gonna be the starting guard in Sacramento. They need them but it is Trey Young. They ain't Mark your folks like they ain't the long term fit for sure.


Yeah that ain't, I don't think that's the guy they was praying for. I think if they could get Trey Young and they'd be hyped but I I would rather be in Atlanta than Sacramento. Ain I think our Atlanta roster is just as talented. Nah, not really. Nah it's not. But I think it's a better fit than Sacramento. It's gonna be hard getting up shots with Malik Mong, DeMar Rose and Zach Levine. That's, that's too much that That front three. Hey that's Wicked. Yeah that's but that's no shot of 10 bro. That's like the only team I could see that could even think about trading for real. We sit in Orlando but I mean they feel confident in they guards. I mean they got Jaylen Sugg on I I I was sitting into Orlando.


They got Jalen Suggs on the max deal. I Ain't mad at that. That is True. Jalen Suggs on a max deal. That mean they confident he He go to Miami. He could go to Miami. Mm He can go play in Miami but Then you gonna have to give up a lot to get him though is you know Pat ain't on that Shit. Yeah he can go to Miami but you ain't give, you gonna get to Tyler Hero. You ain't give Up Tyler Hero be all right. He, They ain't trained Tyler Hero. He Malibu's must want so he fit well Talent You in Atlanta? Yeah Hell cast and ties. Yeah he definitely could play on that roster. I mean yeah but do really do anything really change and with the conversation going on with Miami right now, I don't know if I wanna be a part of that right now.


Especially you the man in Atlanta. Do what you want. I ain't about to go beat safe against Pat. I'm gonna ride it out. Hey listen to me Trey, just ride it out in Atlanta bro. They gonna find somebody hold it down for sure. We should have went and got bi though For sure. Jalen Johnson is promising too, so Yeah, It is a different situation. Yeah we would've had bi Jalen Johnson especially for that price. Yeah, somewhat affordable. I'll say I ain't flinching at 40 million but yeah. Ain't as crazy as other situations. But we should stay tuned. Make a good win for the next session. We gonna trade for somebody though. Think so off season. Yeah we gonna get somebody for sure man.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props money lines, you name it, DraftKings. Got it all. New customers. Now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus. Best instantly. Take us to the Rack to DraftKings sports book where every point counts. Download the app today, use Code Club five 20. Yes, that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets for just five bucks. Only on DraftKings. The Crown is Yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every Parent's dream, or is it their super comprehensive agent directory of how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework


Dear. Yes, my love. Will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl Mate? Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes. A million times, yes. I will Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations. Qdoba Rewards members only log into account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers delivering taxes extra other restrictions may apply.


Get in zone. AutoZone. Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My check engine Light's on. Mm, that could hurt your gas mileage. The AutoZone free Fix Finder service can help find the fix for free. Get In zone this whole report for free. That's right. Printed and on your phone for free. Get But what if the fix is too tough? We'll recommend a local shop fix finder only at AutoZone. Get AutoZone Restrictions apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Jasta carried the Lakers yesterday. 1 31 and one 19. Lori marketer went crazy yesterday. Yesterday. Excuse me. 32 ball yte George had 2010 and seven. Jordan Clarkson had 21 and nine. Brian had 18 to seven. Luca had 16 to four. This is a concern, the loss for the Lakers, man. It's just not enough. I I don't like the Lakers. I told y'all that man Michael C from the super chat said jazz built to as at Lakers yesterday. Y'all think they sat again? Y'all think their potential, what's that potential for the remainder of this season? Lucid jazz is definitely a choice, but I don't know man, they, they both trying not to stay like LeBron gonna be LeBron so he eventually he about to just start taking over and be like, all right Luca, but down.


Don't do Luca no good to be sitting in the corner like Luca not have sitting in the corner type of kid. You know what I mean? Yeah. He need to rock. He need to make everything happen as the kind of player he is. So it just ain't a, I don't think they just compliment each other very well. Shit. I know it's a Brony though man. Brony came in the hoop man. Yeah, he scored more points to Paul George yesterday. He looked like a NBA player last night. That is a fact. And that's the lyric that you said that yesterday. He did one to Pop George yesterday. Yeah. Man. What Paul George do Us man is Paul George. Two points more that solo cup than PG score yesterday. How many minutes he plug? Probably like 30. Oh don't you worry. He's the prime candidate. Forget what song He don't give a fuck.


I mean he don't care. I'm getting better. I ain't said that. I ain't said the N word yet. There we go black. Here's your mouth. Keep the streak alive back. Yeah. Day one. I will not say the N word ever again on this podcast. If I do, I owe some money, fuck it. I'm getting better. Say I'm a ride for my motherfucking niggas. That's why we, you can say for you. That's why we can't ever get nothing done man. Just ignorance. Dang. Pg. I'm p to the God You pulled it up. You pulled up. Wait, he didn't die though. Wayne's right here. Nah bro. Rich hold me bro.


Oh nevermind. I thought you was doing scout. I was tripping. Oh, say damn you trying to kill my nigga Wayne though. Oh bro, you never know but you, Mark Henry was walking around all down saying indies. Nah, I don't do that bro. Swear he was dead. Don't Fuck up my wrestling. Plug Respect man. That's a hell of a loss yesterday for Lake. I know they still was trying to figure it out but the jazz, they not actually trying to win games so Yeah, I just don't like the, I know they both dominant players, they both at time can take over games but it's the way they play. Mm. Like it was different with Kyrie and LeBron or Dway and LeBron. They were two different kind of players. These dudes are basically the same players when it come to offense. O obviously LeBron way more athletic and defensively he way better but they dominate the ball.


Like Kyrie was a off the ball scorer. He he can catch and shoot you, swing it to him. He attack get a bucket. LeBron basically play point guard. Kyrie was the two guard. Same thing with D Wade. Hmm. This right here, they the same player. True. Nah, you right bro. It just, I don't know if that's a, I don't know if that matches for sure man. We'll stay tuned man. We ain't gonna put too much in that loss but definitely a loss yesterday. But just watching it though. I'm like damn they ugly take turns like go ahead. And then Austin Reeves was broke as hell so Yeah, they Ain't smart enough to figure it out though bro. Yeah they, you gotta get through That a great basketball player but I don't think we gonna see the dominant Luca like the 40 twos and fifteens.


Ah Bro. And eight. Yeah it's on the way. No I'm saying LeBron when LeBron sit, sit out. Yeah, I don't know bro. I think LeBron might adjust. I'm not saying LeBron can't but have you ever seen LeBron adjust? It's always been somebody adjusting to LeBron. That's that's true. And you not wrong. I just feel like Luca, Luca coming in. LeBron is gonna take more of a backseat man come in here and get yourself as comfortable as possible. What I'm saying, adjusting for LeBron was always all right, I'm just gonna go to point guard row. Yeah right. He he made Ad, ad came Kevin Love Adjust. A lot of people had to adjust for LeBron but LeBron Justin was like, I'm just gonna turn to the point guard.


Like I don't gotta be the scorer. Like I used to play with Mo Williams, he was the pg, I was a two three, whatever you wanna call me. I was getting buckets. I did what I did when I got a superstar with me. Kyrie point guard or he can score better than me. I'm just gonna make me, I'm turn to the point guard ad he need the ball. You know what I'm an average 12 assists, 10 assists. Wherever it is, I'm turning to the point guard. So Luca gotta move to the three or two. Yeah. And have we ever seen Luca play the two? Yeah. I mean he play off the ball When with Kyrie sometimes they go back and forth. They went back and forth bro. It wasn't always Rie wasn't always Kyrie Two guard At heart. But it sometimes Nigga Lu, I mean Kyrie had that bitch in his hand too.


Yeah. Playing off the ball. I mean obviously everybody gonna play where you don't got the ball entirely the whole game. Like you gonna have play where you play as fuck. But we knew Luca was the point though. Nah, you right bro. I'm just saying I feel like LeBron had a point to me. I don't know. I just feel like LeBron at a point like man I just want you here while I'm here bro, be as comfortable as you can. So be. Yeah, I'm not as successful as possible. I'm with that until they start losing. Oh you're gonna say how long does that that work? Because yeah LeBron, it's the expiration day with that. Yeah. He'd be like, all right, game six all nigga this shit ain't working. Yeah, Okay. For sure. We just gotta see. Yeah, I'm excited to see what that's gonna be. I, I'm not bad at that take though 'cause you right a hundred percent.


I just, nigga so old now bro. I don't think his ego really in this shit no more. Shit. He got his son out there getting minutes bro. Career High for bro last night baby Man. Seven, Eight got nine, last Nine to eight minutes. Bro. That's a good game. I'm a bucket bro. For sure man. I I played 48. Shit Did bro played for Tibs. Coulda got a 30 ball. Yeah Tre brought to the Knicks. Let's go some more games yesterday. Three four rockers came back, got the dub yesterday from the sons one 19 to one 11. Even though KD had 37 to nine. Didn't matter anyway. Tar Easton went crazy yesterday. 25 N nine. Jaylen gr hooped out as well with 22 and swipe some twin.


He had a trippy dub 18, 10 and 11. Man, that's a star. He is. He's a star bro. When he get that jumper man it is wicked. Yeah but Tar Easton another good wing. That guy I told you his name of the game of having talented wings. And that's what the Rock has got. Jalen Green, Thompson Tar and even Cam Whitmore. They just got a bunch of talented wing young wings. What's my guy that's out Jabari Smith. Good Young Wings. They got the perfect coach for that scene. Yep, they do. They may going crazy down there for sure. Coach. Hey Steve Cur hey, Hey Steve Curdy Ma. That's A fact. So like they did Mark Jackson?


Yeah Mark Jackson built the team up. Steve Cur came in, led him to a chip. Same thing happened in Boston and it messed up all about Mark Jackson. He didn't really get to get his look back. Nah, inmate bounced back with another team, got them flourishing. Nobody expect the Rockets to be this good this year. They got them young boys hooping. For real? Yeah for sure. Dang man. For the sons that boo that game yesterday man. Were you worried at all? Oh I ain't been worried. I ain't, they don't give a damn. I don't either. I we don't give, We don't give. Yeah they are the young Bloods for Sure. Who Sean Paul, K Kd, Sean Paul. He went crazy in that first year. Yeah that's for sure. They don't care bro. R of music we KD trying to build his ranks up bro.


On that, on that scoring list bro. It is. It is over with for this year. Yeah bro. Like you said Dev vibes are bad. Three game loose street they falling outta playing. Yeah man. Did they pass, did he pass Julius Urban last night? We don't give a dang, we don't give a Fuck. Oh it don't matter So yeah, he, he so had 37 yesterday. He was hooping yesterday but man it got wicked. Yeah. KD deserve to go play with a team. He, that team just not made for kd. It's not, He needs some light. He nah that ain't, that ain't his team. It don't even look right. It looks crazy. Like when I see him in a son's jersey I'll be like I don't look right.


Yep. Passed him that straight. He's like, he passed him last night. Ew. Yeah man that's wicked. And Devvin Booker obviously gonna be they they mainstay Brad Bial, you gotta move on from him. Figure out where he want to go in free KD man. Yeah that's just wicked man. Everybody thought this was going totally different. Yeah I, I didn't, I didn't, I never liked the team from the beginning. I didn't think Brad, bill and Devin Booker being on the same team. Yeah You didn't fuck with them. Nah, Nah we thought that, you know what I'm saying? Bug can maybe make a difference. Like you said he do more with less and this team definitely ain't got less. They got too much. Well on paper. Yeah. Bobo shooting 18 shots yesterday. We don't give it give.


Yeah that's a different type of vibe man. But Bobo been playing well though since he got some minutes he been contributed for sure. Yeah but you know they was talking about how many pieces they needed to help this scene. They wouldn't even think about playing him, which is crazy. But yeah that's us team man. Give us some shout out to the Rockets man. Come back, get that dub yesterday. We ain't gonna stay there too long yesterday. Another crazy game. Nuggets took care of business yesterday gets the Blazers 1 32 to 1 21. Jamal Murray were crazy with a 55 piece yesterday bro. Yeah he looked like he was in the bubble again. Yeah, people forget that he is a max player. That's why they scary bro. Yeah because he's still capable of doing shit like that. Yeah, in the serious bro. Jamal bro gonna have three games where he goes crazy bro.


I'm scared of the nuggets bro. I ain't gonna lie. Oh you don't want no smoke with them? I don't want no smoke with them bro. Yeah he too. He too capable bro. Oh yeah, for sure. He a max player Two Most definitely. Yeah, max player for a reason. Let's go see how many shots he shot yesterday to get that 55, 36 He Was ball. And you say he he deserve it. Fuck it. How many points did he average this year? 21? Yeah, 21 to six. Rolling. I'm rolling And it's quiet too man. Quiet 21. It's quiet like ain't nobody really talking about him. He only been the league seven years. That's crazy. Yeah bro, he that's a, I don't Know that is a scary team right there. Sure it helps. You know when yo just gets a quiet Triple W yesterday with 26, 15 to 10.


Yeah but I mean we don't even 55. It's crazy. We don't even look at that. It is like when Jamal Morris Murray scored 55 niggas like oh shit he is like that him, if they go into the playoffs and he able to give him 30 a night bro, they damn near can be anybody. Yeah, that's what a lot of people are saying. They're just like, you know what I mean? Lacrosse, his sentence. You gotta beat that nuggets team four times bro. Beating yo four times is tough. They low, they low key might be the favorites in the west. I know OKC is playing at a high level. Yeah but they proven champions already and you gotta, you really do gotta beat the nuggets to get throughout the west. Like Yeah bro. I know Dallas Mavericks went to the chip last year but they lost, they all fucked, they all messed up right now they got a little good ad trade, all that stuff going on.


Injuries P Washington out now. Gaffer lively Timberwolves. Damn. I'm gonna X them out the playoff race right now like as far as the championship. Okay. It's really the nuggets. KC and KC they haven't been there. Denver's been there. Yep. And when you see Jamal Murray wake up and have moments like this, I think he was hurting outta shape last year. Yeah. Him having moments like this let you know like oh this is a scary team. Yeah I'm rolling bro. Yeah I agree with that a hundred percent. That's boy It's a very dangerous scene you wanna see but what's in the super chat did you post up there? Oh okay save it from then. Okay my bad. Yeah Jamal Murray they said never been an Allstar but it don't matter 'cause he got a ring.


He gotta magic deal. I take that every day. Yeah nobody cares about that. Oh he's straight Boy swap. I switched careers in the heartbeat. Oh I about to say damn. I said he was straight All you don't give it, don't give it. Fuck y'all fry. I was about to say damn boy y'all niggas is tough on here. What's up man's more games That happened yesterday. Celtic or Spurs yesterday one 16 and 1 0 3. Fox had 23 and five. Weby had 17 to 13, JT went crazy. 32 14 to seven. Poor Zynga had 29 and six. He was hooping yesterday. Man easy these days. Offense for the Celtics man. Ain't much should really har on there as well.


Yeah that's a tough, that's a tough game for a new team basically. Yeah. Yeah that's another thing that we talked about Meia, they not number one in the east but we know the roads go through Boston for sure. Shout out to Jason Tatum boy Hooped out yesterday but On a work out there on that three point line. He had a bad bad month. He bouncing back this month yo. Most definitely. We talk about that all-star break. They definitely a team of need some rest man they gonna come back killing shit. That boy had two points 37 minutes all my life I ain't hating. That's crazy. No we go I can't wait till we talk about that game for sure. Matter of fact we go right there the next to 76 is 196. 76 the hell Yesterday Kelly Uber hooped out.


He had 30 Quin gr hoop out. He had 30 but PG had two points in 37 minutes yesterday. Man what y'all think it, y'all think he just done with basketball like He made a bad off season decision he made it is good 'cause he got paid or whatever bro. That is not the vibes bro. It's not the vibes over there bro. No way. PG scored two points in 37 minutes bro. Only seven shot attempts yesterday. Yeah bro you're not even trying. Can We go back to that Greg? I wanna see who all like the shot shot charts yesterday. No just go. Yeah Shout out to dlo. Goddammit. 22 5 and fo on they dog ass Hooped out.


Kelly Ure had 16 shot attempts Quick. Rimes had 18, Justin Edwards had 13. Yeah PG playing that many minutes in getting seven shots tips. It's crazy. Ain't no love in in Philly bro. Yeah I don't think, I'm not saying Ty Maxey didn't play yesterday. I'm not saying that the guys don't respect him. I'm saying maybe they like don't look at him like that. You get what I'm saying? I know exactly what you're saying. Like the go-to guy. Yeah Bro You just one of us nigga. That's Why I said when when the, when the player is down, shit bro. Step up. That's all. Shit. Try you quit. I mean like Kelly, Uber, all them bro.


Eric Gordon is supposed to be getting you know seven shots like you, you supposed to be the star but the team bro. Tyre wasn't there. I, I ain't gonna lie. I think PG probably like shit I signed this deal. He probably on his gt. Shit. Fuck it. Y'all that kill young fella Justin no crazy. When he ain't playing you can't you kill nigga. Nah I think he like shit. Nah I'm on the, I'm solidified. I I'm solidified. I got shit. We ass, we ass anyway. I mean I Ain't tripping like for real he probably like ain't tripping like I'm gonna do these next three years and I'm done with the game. Yeah. To me Paul George NBA career stint if he retired today, I'm not mad at him. He can Andrew luck this motherfucker if you want to but I'm just saying if you out there bro, I think they want you to be aggressive.


Of course, of course. Yeah that's all Philly fans are pissed. Yeah I'm they're I'm just thinking if you a Philly fan, I feel you bro. I don't like that shit at all bro. They Pissed but they gotta, they gotta get out. They gotta get him out of there. It ain't, it ain't a good fit for him. Billy is not a Paul George C like I know he was a blue collar player with the Pacers but we embrace, we like love our team here. Like fans love him like yeah he could go walk down the street. Paul George just 'cause he is on the Pacers he gonna get love like Tyre had bad games people be Oh he get better. Yeah he had a bad night. That ain't Philly. Nah Philly dark. They ain't going for that shit at all. Philly like man they was better with him B yesterday when he didn't take that three they was hot But they ain't got comfortable with em B and B is one and B is like Lil S And he got MVP up there too.


You Know what I'm saying? I don't, Paul George don't got them same vibes bro. Nah Like they hated Tobi Harris. Tobi Harris was there for nine years. They hate him every year. They hated him every year. So the thing he, one of my Favorite Players, they probably I love, I think Tobias Harris Co and he helped in Detroit out lot but I Paul George won for seven whatever he was bro, that Tobias would never, they fuck around breaking your house. They ain't fuck around breaking your house in fully Bro. Yeah for real bro. That's what I was saying like yeah bro that's at the beginning of the year. I'm like bro if you gonna be out there bro ke I get y'all say he wanted to be like the the backup guy, the Tyrese and he just wanted come there and just hoop bro. But then when everybody gone bro that's what we brought you here for bro Play.


Yeah Play bro. Yeah. Goddamn damn 14% from the field. One shot made Average. Well I'm cool with you shooting bad but I know you Yeah Averaging 16. I know you better than seven shots a game. Seven attempts. Yeah he could. Don't care. You coulda had a horrible night bro. He coulda Shot he could. He coulda shoot 20 shots. You coulda went four or 20. That's all I'm saying. Yeah bro. I'm cool with you having a bad night. That's the thing. NBA players I ain't a hundred percent I get that but damn nigga one for seven. You know something ain't right bro. Yeah You supposed to get 20 attempts.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site but why is it their sleek ad free user interface, enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream or is it their super comprehensive agent directory of how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework


Dear. Yes my love. Will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl mate? Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes, a million times, yes. I will Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations Qdoba Rewards members only log into your account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Delivery and taxes extra other restrictions may apply.


Get in Zone Auto Zone. Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? I think my battery's Dead with free battery testing and charging. We can help you get back on the road. Get in zone Auto. So what if I need a new one? We have the right Durast battery for you. Only at AutoZone. Get solid Auto. And what about my old battery? We can recycle it right here at America's number one battery destination. Get Solid auto zone Restrictions apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global. Do edu


Damn man. Give well songs to the 76 ERs. Yeah. Yeah. I'll bring it up. The fact that Bernie scored more point him is petty by the way. But it's hilarious too. Yeah That was, you know, shout out to Twitter today. Be here. Talk about this on the show. I got y'all. Shout out to Philly man. Y'all just got a Super Bowl. Y'all be all right. The magistrate carried the Hornets yesterday. 1 0 2, the 86 and Carroll went crazy with 24 and eight miles. Bridges had 19 to eight. Nothing much Talk about their there. Simple situation like you said man dlo Hooped out yesterday for the next man. 22 piece. Got that dub. I don't know why they trying to win but shout to dlo hooping man. We love to see it. Patience beat the Wizards yesterday in the ot. 1 34 to one 30. Nasty, nasty game. Shout out to the pool party. JP Peasy went crazy. He had 42 yesterday.


Benedict Math had 28 and Obie had 31 and 10. Take the Wizards to Overtime. We talking look like Rashed Wallace last night. I ain't never seen him hoop like that. Oh he had to get they get back. He was getting some hell after that next game. Boy. Josh Hart was giving him work. They they made a highlight tape with him getting like killed in a ducker spot. So he responded. Let us see. Yeah Obie need a a motherfucker mix tape after that S game yesterday. Yeah my boy be diet went crazy yesterday. All his highlights tape The game. IK 8 31 10. That's the way you respond My boy. He did your thing bro. I respect And listen man, that's why I was so tough on Rick yesterday man. 'cause look what happens when Ben Dick Matthew. Well you always tough on Rick. We we spoke about that yesterday. Yeah he deserves less but Billy Mather hooped out yesterday second half for 26 bro.


Yeah. Yeah when he plays he kills bro. It been the ball. The Pistons beat the Bulls yesterday Belt to ass situation again. 1 28 to one 10 K Hooped out man with 29 and seven Get well ung for the Bulls man. They just gonna throw a lot right now for show. Yeah, yeah. Bucks beat the T Wolves yesterday man. With no Damien Lillard. Kyle Uzman hooped out 19 to 13 and had 28 and seven. Oh be here. What's up man? Nah It's over. We not a vibe either. You said y'all not the vibe either. Nah we're not a vibe either. For sure. Super Chad Brandy team said Jeff can you call Brooke and Bobby me and tell 'em it it's time to hoop after Allstar break. S look like the second best man we had the whole year. He is.


Hmm. I love Bobby. I love Brooke. They both cool dudes. Bobby, Bobby is nice but s is a different kind of athlete. He a wing bro. He really can play the three four true Wing. He athletic, fast, versatile, get up and down super versatile. Bobby is not really the athletic, he's more of a back to the basket can make a corner three but he's a poster player. ISO poster player. Yeah he not fast at all so he don't run the lane like cools or he can, he ain't as dynamic as cool. So what y'all seen is a baby version of Giannis right now because and when I say baby, I mean baby infant we, he just got the capability to do things Giannis can do.


Like push the ball on the break. Yeah. Get rebounds hit a three occasionally. There's just random shit that a lot of the other guys on that team can't do. Yeah and that's why y'all excited about him right now. But when Yiannis get back that shit dead back. The regular schedule program good Rid. Yeah. Yeah. Yo's already taking notes. Yeah we ain't gonna do none of this when I get back but shout out to you getting the the dub though. Yeah man losing without both of them playing is crazy man. I know a did his name man. But what they gotta do man, Rebuild, revamp, discombobulated reconstruct. Yeah But you gotta move Julius Randall and play Rob Billingham like just go forward with the young bull like go to the the minutes last night they stats just one six.


Yeah right there gonna, So you look up like him playing 12 minutes one for five, give him a chance. Yeah. Nikia two for six Anthony everyone shot about 33 times this straight. I ain't mad at it. Fuck it. NA 17 make it bigger. I can't see bro. Rudy hooped out yesterday on the lowest I just, no one shot us. That's out. He did 10 for 14. Rudy had a good game. Nas Reed talk about it Be here Ain't talking about shit They, they just got, they gotta move on from Julius Randall. Most definitely. Then they gotta move on from like, I like Nikia Alexander and all of 'em but you just gotta damn near play the young guys Rob Dillingham Terrence like he played 20 minutes four for seven but that should just be a norm now.


Yeah. Like y'all about y gotta start over Y let Kat go. Yeah Joe Les ain't giving them shit I let Kat go. It just, it's kind of just rebuild like I like Jay McDaniel, I gave him a lot of money but He need some new players bro. Complimentary Piece. Yeah I mean he on damn max deal averaging 11 like I don't know. I get it. He a defender but that's crazy that Joe Eng score more than PG yesterday too. But I think you can get a defender for way less if that makes sense. For sure. I think Dylan Brooks is the same player as Jay McDaniels. He be better bro. Be better. And he on a four year 80 Jay McDaniel's on like a five year one 70 something or something.


Yeah whatever. It's The right time, right Math baby. Nah, I fuck with it. I mean get paid young fella but hell yeah. Let's see. Dylan Brooks that his contract. Yeah Dylan Brooks stats please if you don't mind Dylan Brooks would just be more impactful than him on that team and he'll fit better. Yeah because he'll turn to a nigga that's what a need around him. 13 three a more aggressive people. 'cause Rudy ain't shit he cathedral bro. It is what it is bro. And Dylan ain't top three option offensively on that team. He's still getting 13. Yeah he need a dog and I ain't even thinking about the points. I'm just the way they play. Yeah but I'm just saying as far as the money aspect and I think Jay mcd is a nice young player and I think he probably got more ability than he gets to show it because you know ad takes, I mean a AE could take a lot of shots.


Yeah. Five year still 31. He still Rudy but yeah, five year 31 he got 26 ain't bad. It it ain't, it's a good number but I'm just saying like I think he making 20 a year. Yeah we're doing all yeah. Yeah 21. Yeah That's good For him man. And it see your less than the deal too. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I think you coulda Being a demon in the league got him that 80 For sure. And we was niggas thought fall. Excuse me. Dang. People said they was wildling when he got that deal. That's what I'm saying. Like he was like I gave him 21 million year. Yeah they was tripping because Memphis Low key missed him. No, they immediately missed him immediately.


Not, not no more though. No, not no more. But I'm just saying initially that was a, that was a big hit bro. Yeah. To the squad For sure. Man King six of the pelicans yesterday one 19 to one 11 Rosa had 24 N six. Exactly. Being hooped out with 23. Shout out to Freaky z Zion. Hooped out yesterday with 33, 9 7. It's just the Kings man. Yeah. They still trying to get these dubbs and don't know what they playing for but they getting a dub man who know? They still got a chance to make the playoffs. Most definitely. Didn't DeMar DeMar wanna win. He ain't one of them type players. Nah, he Ain't tanking. He, he going hoop bro. Bro, bro wanna win. He a competitor so Yeah We just, if they don't make the playoffs he, I mean I ain't gonna say he cool with it but at least he gonna say I shit, I tried so. Yeah.


Y'all trade our best player in the middle season bro. It ain't our fault. Yeah, for sure. Thunder took care of heat yesterday won 15 to 1 0 1. Ba Hooped out. He had 27 to 15. But SGA got it done 32 and nine. Most consistent score I ever Seen. Just way better bro. He gonna get 30 bro. He's the most consistent score I ever seen. That's crazy. He more consistent than like the best scores. He get 30 every night and then we, but he never have like outlandish like 60 points. Yeah, that's what he was talking about. He just get 30 every night. It's crazy when you said that I went and looked it up. No he don't ever get those but he always gets to that threshold. My, yeah, I got 33. All right. Yeah, I'm gonna get 30 regardless.


He like, he got 50 what, twice in his career and you average 30 back to back years. Yeah bro, it's crazy. SGA is different man. For sure. And last but certain lot Lisa Clippers took care of the Grizzlies yesterday. 1 28 to one 14. Welcome back. Kua? Yes sir. KA straight 25 and five. I took clip dogs. You gonna say that's your team man? Yeah, he left The wolves for the clippers. That's crazy. We all right baby, we all right. I don't know what you over there, Your boy Ed P who died yesterday Smooth 18. I mean you know that's light. You know that's light. I heard that little little jab he shot too. I'm a, I'm gonna take that one on Chin Cool. But you know what I mean. We just, we just a better team with our star player man.


All that's all. We We talking about the wolves clippers. What we talking We, I don't know Bugs Pacers, I ain't never seen hogs Keep going. Magic. Hey, after that BBC BD clip up they said they say he definitely hoop it like a a Charlotte Hornet right now in the open league. I don't know why they posted that. I had, I was trash literally I was air balling all time shit. I said he know to make it look good. Boy, that was my first time hooping in like two or three months they said said you the strong look Like you was barely moving out there. I was. I had him nevermind. Yeah, Yeah. Please don't respect. Let's move on all sorry. Business weekend.


See how y'all feel about Nah, I had to break him in bro. Just let's leave it all. No, no I'm saying James hard new shoe feel good. I just had to break it in so once I broke him in I was mo like the first clips he show is like when I first got on the court and I'm like walking to layups and stuff. I'm like why are you supposed to like we just started, nobody's moving. We all 40. Yeah niggas don't play no defense in number. Yeah like we all 40 but when I started hitting threes and stuff, that's when Okay the games had won a little bit longer for sure man. Speaking of three, three point contest this weekend. I wanna see who y'all got as the winner. You got Jalen Brunson? Kade Cunningham, Darius Garland, Tyler Hero, buddy Hill, cam Johnson, Dame Lili Norman Powell. Who y'all got? I got Tyler Hero.


Okay Damien Lillet. I was gonna say I was gonna go Dame as well but just for shits and giggles I'm gonna go nmp man That'd be good But he'll fuck around winning that shit. He would. Yeah I ain't gonna go against Damon. No Dame killing a three point contest. That'd be interesting As well as one of the best events for the weekend and last of hurting. Lot of the least The dunk contest back McClung the boy from the boys Mattias, Stefan Castle, Andre Jackson Jr. Who y'all got? I don't give a damn. You don't give a damn. I'm gonna go with Young Castle man. I hope we get it. I hope Matt Qua won't again. I'm gonna go with Jackson Junior just 'cause I dunno, I ain't never seen, I seen Castle Dunk everybody else, I ain't never seen Dunk besides Matt McClung and Drake do doing like I remember he was crazy bouncing high school.


Oh Yeah, even at Georgetown That nigga went to Yukon but No he didn't. Alright. Mac McClean played at Georgetown. I thought he was talking about Andre. We seen M McClean dunk though. He won a dunk contest couple times. Yeah, it's crazy Man's no options. What upon the time man just answer funny. You didn't mention him at first. I did. I said we ain't seen seen everybody. I ain't never seen him Dunk respect Besides high school. You said you, you dunking that Georgetown. Hey that's crazy. One dunk contest back to back properties. Sorry bro. My bad. We be excited for this event. Don't nobody give a damn no more crazy man. I think I'm gonna enter shit.


When is it? That's Saturday Night. Saturday night. Do they still do the the skills challenge? They do. Oh okay. Y'all don't know who in that one? Well If I figured I didn't care about the dunk or three point contest, I wasn't gonna bring up the skills challenge. My bad. Who what like what is normal? I mean shit, we already talking about the bullshit though. Fucking Is it normal skills Challenge is it? Is it pairs again? Team Cavs is Novin Michel Evan Moley. Okay. Team Brook Young Zachary, Alex Sar, they both from Us. One, two cp, CP three and Weby. That's all last one. I leave Dre mind and Moses Moody. Listen I know they had to Include the whole team but boy is Dre remind them just security for the event They got. They always include the home scene.


But boy I done most boys would love some time off. He not trying to do this. They probably asked Steffy, he was like hell no. I thought Dre know was security Damn near in this situation. What are They? Are they doing Eric's wait why are them two in it? This is a skills challenge. Protein skills bro. Oh respect. That's why I didn't bring it up. Bring it back. Continue to the skill challenge man. That's what we need man. I mean you got Donvan Mitchell, Evan Moley, then you got Drean a mood dog. Drean bought those hard ass passes. Break that out there. That fuck around win. Oh this whole draft cage make a probably for this be here Please.


I can. I hope to God I run into Draymond Green that's here friend. We gonna tight please make that happen somebody Come on man. We gonna slide on on a homie for sure man. Fair. Five buckets. Who's getting to it yesterday be here Shit. Jamal Murray man 55 people slept on you man. It is. That's that's unreal bro. That's crazy man. 50 50 Bob. It's tough man. Show some love to old head KD went crazy yesterday for 37 and nine another day at the office. Man ain't y'all fault that loss Teague. Who you got? I'm gonna get my verified bucket too. I'm gonna go with Ka 44. 10 rebounds. Another dominant performance like him second team out NBA.


Yeah probably Jordan Pool hoop too but for sure Wizard So 42 piece man we ain't somebody outs score. Yeah, yeah no shade but shit he hooping Shout to pool party. I ain't never had 40 so I respect Kat had 40 and back Toback nights bro. Gotta show some respect to that as well man. Alright man. Get well soon be here Who need to start that weekend off for some encouragement Probably Alex Lamb man. Damn Man. Employee marketing K. That's what you get for the nine. The Pacers and going to Lakers. Man. Catch a box. Hey when you get dunked on and you do a 360? Yeah why don't white crime Happy black History Month.


Hey Lil Baby boom might get well soon man. Go to Josh Green. That was beating the hell out the ladies. Hey was that was smacking him yesterday? Shout to call Anthony. Wow that's lil fake baby Ron Doe shout out to call Anthony man. Getting some minutes. Definitely deserving for sure. Tell you who you got man. Who else on the list? A couple on there for you. Somebody get well on. What's his name? Y? Yeah, Visy Missy. Yeah. Ness. Man. Get well my boy Easy. Somebody ah he dunked that quick though.


He's always on our thing Valenti. I swear to God man. Valenti's like one of the easier big mans to dunk on though. Like look at him. He's he's a magnet. Yeah like he can, he can't really jump. He just, yeah he can't baseline of, hey he dunk the hell out that ball man. Sure man. Last but certain, not least Paul George two minutes, 37 minutes. He just arrested. I was gonna say him but I was like damn people gonna start thinking I'm hating. I'm just, I I know what he doing bro. We Said enough. Yeah I know what he doing man. He he done with that. Alright, be here. You got something for some people man. Last time win some money for All Star Weekend.


They trying to get that flight. Oh yeah. And Valentine's Day AE 30 he killing tonight. Okay, Shay 25 Tyler Hero 25 Bam 15 Jimmy Butler 20 Norman Powell 25 the Mar Rose and 2250. When you a grand total of 5K today. Okay, two 50 for 5K Get you some money for All Star Weekend. We gonna go straight to the super chat with it. Shout to Zay Black said shout to Teague getting the cash. You hoop my cousin Ty Walker. Yeah, I remember Young Ty came my sophomore year. Seven footer athlete. Good shot Blocker. He was cool dude. Man shout to Demon Dinkins Bain and the super chess T.


What's their 2K bill? What's my 2K bill? What's your 2K bill? Yeah, my best bill probably a shot block and wing. Okay. Yeah he, he called I had 36 last night. Did you carry Malcolm again? Malcolm wasn't on the game. Okay He, he was doing something else. Okay. But I carried who was on my team Keenan and and Bucket. I carried them. We lost 'cause Keenan, he ain't dunk the ball on a fast break. Right. They been saying trust. They said we wanna hear from your teammates man they said it. We wanna hear all school. We we good. Hey we need all points. What's going on T we tch we go hey follow us on Twitch. Yeah we turn up y'all gonna see. Y'all gonna hear out and y'all gonna see what we going on.


We a good team but last night we just had, you know Keenan said the dude had 97 perimeter. I said all right man should be like that it welcome to the squad H two G. Randy said the Spurse got the Hawks first round pick this year. Which I think about Cooper flag next to Weby if NVA do that, that's crazy that we not getting a number one pick back to back year. So don't worry about it. Yeah that would be crazy but that would be crazy. That's a hell of a team for sure. But yeah, they ain't going for that. They got too many markets. It's a $2 question. It's crazy. Yeah. Hitting me your name crazy with $2 Dr. Marsai make it 20 next time. What's the story with you and Gilli? That's, I can't give you that for $2.


Shout out to the podcast man. We got one dropping today at 12:00 PM Easter. We'll go through all that situation but hopefully run to Gilly. We should run to them All Star weekend. You know what I'm saying? Get it all settled. Jalen Turner said y'all think the rookie my the Bulls is better than Cooper Flag. We talked about that yesterday. Nah, I ain't gonna say it's all though. But they cool. I don't think he Cooper, I don't think he better than Cooper flag, but he got potential to be a really good player. Yeah, Cooper. Cooper right now. Yeah. But to be averaging 20 as a freshman at Duke. At Duke at most in all the categories them near on the team, that's rare. Very rare. Most definitely. He's very different. Listen, like we said man we are in inside running this weekend. Pull up we around man.


We appreciate y'all. We will see y'all next week. Be safe out here. Five 20 In The Morning. The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent who knows the home best. It's homes shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework


Dear. Yes my love. Will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl mate? Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes, a million times. Yes. I will Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations Qdoba Rewards members only log into account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Delivery and taxes extra other restrictions may apply.


Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Upgrade the whole team at Lenovo dot com. Unlock ai experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors So you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device. Win the tech search for Business PCs at Lenovo dot com. Lenovo, Lenovo, get in zone Auto Zone.


Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? I think my battery's dead. With free battery testing and charging. We can help you get back on the road. Get In Sound Auto. So what if I need a new One? We have the right Durast battery for you. Only at Auto Zone. Get in Sound Auto. And what about my old battery? We can recycle it right here at America's number one battery destination. Get inside Auto zone Restrictions. Apply.