
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home, go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Lowe's knows how to help you get the most out of your store run. That's why members save more. With my Lowe's rewards, earn points towards my Lowe's money on eligible purchases. Get access to member only deals and free member gifts. Plus, unlock free standard shipping when you reach Silver Key status. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's o doo.com,


The Volume. Good morning, happy Friday special edition five 20 In The Morning, man, here to keep you updated. Happy in the NBA trade rumors, man, coach Chin got a little bit spillover from last night Battle Man. We locked in now for sure man, you all here. I know we used working on Friday. Shout out. I don't sneak over here man. We happy week. My name is DJ Wells. I'm the host joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Henderson. My right, my brother T fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing this Friday? What's up family? I chilling bro. A lot of stuff going on in the league last night bro. Come on man. Yesterday was a very, very interesting day in the NBA man.


Let's just talk about a couple moves that took place yesterday that we getting this caught by on the show. 'cause it happened after that. Marcus Smart going to the Wizards. Whoever ESPN decide to put that graphic up of Chris Milton and Marcus Smart going to the Wizards. You need to be suspended for at least two days because you was out of pocket. I mean the Wizards. Huh? The Wizards do not deserve that type of a graphic. I don't think they wanna suck though. No, they said they kept him but they got Marcus Smart. I got bragging. They said they want to have cons and professionals in that locker room to help develop their young talent. That's what the goal is going for next year. Oh Yeah, definitely. Next year. Yeah. I mean they definitely, the young talent. Damn near weak though. Mm. You sleep on young talent pool?


Yeah, Jordan Pool. Nice. Yeah, I mean he proven he, I wouldn't count his young talent. Yeah, I think he part of the veteran crew they got but everybody else damn near trying to figure it out. I like Bill. Yeah, he hard. Yeah. B Yeah, he is hard. That was wild bro. What was his name? Bill? Never call him. I'm trying to say his name. That's wild bro. That's Wild. Bilal bro. That's called his first Al. I don't know the other part. Shit, we fucking up everybody name. I know, but You wouldn't, you wouldn't crazy with him. He went crazy. Totally right. So five 20, come on, it's Friday. Shit. I'm forever bro. For sure. Yeah that that, that roster is wicked. Yeah, I don't like it. I know I like Bub Carrington too as a guard but I mean they got 85 guards on that team.


I think a lot that needs to be seen from Alex Far for us to get too excited about that. I wasn't excited anyway. Yeah. But I think that, you know, this is probably put in place for them to look like they have a stable, you know, operation for them to potentially get Cooper Flag because the way they was looking this year, the NBA was not about to let them get Cooper. That guy. What's the white guy from Gonzaga? Corey? Yeah, Corey Hipper. Yeah, I think he decent though. Okay. I watch their team, him and Bilal, I'll be like yeah these two, they could be something, you know what I mean? Okay. But they got some cool veterans now man, with Marcus. Chris, Alex Lin. Yeah. They got some cool vets. It is like, I hope they gonna mix 'em in with the young guys. I hope they just ain't gonna play all that.


Start all the young guys and then bring these old heads off the bench. They gotta be for real. Yeah, just mix some in bro. Like let's have a real team. But all this starting to sad kids and working with 'em. Mix it in. Let Marcus smart start at the point. Let Bug come off the bench man. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. If you going, if that's what y'all own next year, if y'all are committed to actually keeping these vets on this team, then yeah, let them play because y'all really should freedom. They deserve to go be on contenders at this point in their career. Yeah. Y'all just holding a hostage man. But like mix the young guys and don't just put them in a fire like that. Yeah, the young boy, the young point guard needed a, he needed to learning lesson. Yeah. Like he needed to learn from a couple vets just throwing him in the fire.


I mean he cool but he having a rough rookie year. Yeah, for sure. How you feel about them outside of that move? I see they got a lot of assets but not a lot but a couple assets look like they're trying to do something positive. It looks a lot better. We've been seeing from the Wizards. I mean I ain't giving too much credit because this is just one trade but this is a dead season bro. Yeah. I don't care about the Ws. I just pray they don't get Cooper Flag. You don't want Cooper go dc No bro. No please. Well this is what all this look like. Instructional organization changes all that. But we'll see bro. Your man D Hunt went to the Cavs. Yeah, I called that one man. I hate to see him go but he in a better situation right now. I mean he fit that team perfectly. Most definitely. I mean they needed another scoring wing.


He having a hell of a year and he can, he can guard too. He can guard his position. Most definitely. I think he gonna fit in perfect with that team and shout out to the Cavs. They got that deal done with not giving up people. We thought that was gonna have to give fleece in that situation. I mean I hate to see my boy George had to go down to the A man figure shit out S Vert. Yeah. Fuck him second round picks. Yeah, but Swamps we don't care. The Cavs are in though. They trying to win Cabs raw bro. The thing is, see they played Boston in that thing, in that that game right before the trade deadline. They seen it like we need another wing. Yeah. And we talked about it on the show Wings are what you need in the league right now to be successful. It's a copycat league.


Everybody see how Boston got all these wings. Cabs was like we gotta match up. And they made a good move man. It was either him or Cam Johnson. I think that was gonna fit that team perfectly. And he did it. Yeah. Oh that's that's Raw. And they got him for a lot cheaper than what would've got Cam Johnson for? I think. Oh for sure. I think that's did a little too much. That's fun himself so much. Yeah that's the same. They basically the same player to me. Mm. And hunt probably a little more physical, you know what I mean than Cam Johnson. Cam Johnson probably could shoot a little better but I wouldn't even say that because D Hunt, he damned near 40 from the three. Yeah But light 20 or nine. Yeah He light 20. But I think it was a great trade for the Cav. Okay. Shout out to the super track. Keem chilling. Said y'all seen Jimmy brother said championship coming soon.


He is most definitely out of pocket. Yeah, that's what he gotta say because he stuff I watch they don't got enough over there. Yeah I like that though. 'cause that mean he going, he about to turn up. Oh Jimmy about to hoop. Love that. Oh yeah. I mean I seen Jimmy turn some shit around. I ain't going to lie. I love that. Well I got to the T Wolves we was ass and when Jimmy got there we went to the playoffs so. Oh respect. Nah, I feel fun with that. I even, I mean I have Steph Curry and Draymond Green two the champions Hall of Famers. They could turn some shit around now. They could lock in and make some shake. For sure. Yeah. And did they get anybody else?


No they ain't get, they ain't get no They in trouble got rid of niggas. Yeah they ain't, they got under that apron. That's what they was on. Boys just trying to get, they ain't trying to pay their tax fee man. That's really what a lot of these moves is about. Yeah. Some team trying to get better. Everybody else is like shit we ain't winning a chip, we ain't about to pay all this money for nothing. Yeah I feel that. Yeah, that rosters little wicked. Yeah I, I ain't really sold on that roster but watching 'em play last night they had Jimmy Butler that'd be a decent Team. They not sold though. Yeah they'd be okay. They ain't gonna be they five if That team won Jimmy. Shit. Gotta have different conversations with Jimmy Butler. This team, If that team gets to the conference finals, we gotta have a conversation about Jimmy Butler but they 5, 6 7 in the west of me.


They ain't Yeah that make too much noise at best. Oh yeah, they can get in the play. They can sneak in and play some. Oh they can make it wouldn't get all the way to the fifth seat. All Texas is a five grand win streak. Yeah they can get, that's a lot to ask. Oh they could catch the wolves for sure. Damn. Hey man, back back to the, the Hawks in the situation you feel like, like what's up? How you feel about this move? I know you didn't want this to happen but with some of the moves yesterday they, they trending up upward. They went with the untalented like what y got going on? Man, I, I honestly I couldn't tell you. Okay. I don't know what we're doing. What's the plan? Maybe we're trying to get a draft pick. Yeah because I don't Yeah because we tanking for Cooper. Shit. Y'all don't own y'all draft pick next year though.


They go to San Antonio. I know, I'm just saying that's what I don't know what we doing. I honestly don't. I think they're trying to get young Zs some minutes like he got a play. I mean he was gonna get that anyway. Deon was coming off the bench when he was starting. We kept Clint. Oh did you trade? Oh boy. Bogey. Yeah we got rid of Bogey. Got Terrance. Man I like Bones hollering down there. Bones hollering. I mean he might get an opportunity to play but it's just like it's no moves that really move a needle for us. Hmm. I think at this point Trey Young gonna get a little frustrated like you take my second leading score basically and seeing him to a championship contending team and then lead me over here to dry like what we doing.


Yeah and as soon as you say it is about the draft pick situation, I think they draft pick is gonna come from Trading and Reon. Yeah that's where they, they rebuild is about to come from trading and Reon because ain't no way you can do this to him next year bro. Because like you said, sorry, hard to get Frees down there and he don't got nothing like nothing to work with. Solid. No offense to everybody else but like this ain't what you swapping out Terrence man for D Hunt. I ain't get the like what we doing? Yeah basically Tre Young need to go play with goddamn damn pop. Like who Our starting five right? Who our starting five right now. Tre Young would be a starting one at your two. That's tough was Terre man. Terrence man the two is is Wicked. Who? Who? The three, I mean is he a three?


I mean Free try bro. Bert there you're starting two. Okay so now we starting careless Burt Yo three is definitely gonna have to be Terrence man. Terrance Man that's Jalen Johnson, Jalon Johnson Big O Jaylen Johnson out. Oh I'm saying like hype. Oh you're saying oh no well Zacharia young Zach gonna start, you know what I mean? Yeah. Big O Big O gonna start for sure. Yeah I just don't. Yeah. Yeah. Now Tre the magic tre to the magic I'm something. Yeah. Yeah M something Send Tre the to play with Paolo Bring, what's your point? Ug bring Suggs to the, They probably like Suggs more than Trey down there. Let let Suggs and Jaylen Johnson figure that out down there. Yeah they probably like Sug more in Orlando and every first round fucking pick you got for the next three years that's they on, they're like yeah we need pg, we need another route Young Wing and we need picks the saying and if I'm Orlando fucking picks.


Yeah. Don't think, you don't think they like Suggs more down there than Trey? Nah, they like a defensive minded team. They do Big guards, big wings. It's okay to have a big offensive weapon. I like how you said that Like for real like what's The best defense player? You don't think he'd take away from Franz and Pablo? No. No. 'cause now I feel like Trey, he was trying to play the real PG on this team but he just kept getting injured. Shit wasn't working out. He can go do that. That way when people go down he can go, oh shit I can get 30. My guys is there. But while they in there bro he can be that 18 and 11 it's more effective. Listen, Look at this roster. He more of a weapon than Jalen Suggs. Most definitely.


I agree. Look at that roster. If you would put Tre, I mean obviously you gotta lose a couple people but imagine Trey Young that started with KCP next to him both the wings and the big. That's dangerous bro. That's a fire. That's a fire squad Dangerous. I was just talking to my brother about that. I'm like yeah bro that a, I fuck with that. Like He they had to trade Jalen Sugg, Jonathan Isaac, I Get rid of Isaac Some pick like most definitely a couple. He Can go to one of them mega churches in Atlanta. Yeah tap right here. Them churches were selling right out in Atlanta. Nah, he gotta go to a white church. Nah, he gonna go where the Lord is reigning Bro. He took it. Nah, I don't think Jonathan Isaac is Baptist by any means.


But ain't the, Y'all saying John Isaac Catholic? Yeah for sure Respect for Sure. Shout to Saturday Church Apostolic. He definitely not Apostolic. Nah, he definitely never would've had dinner on him shoes. Yeah he'd run away. That's king of Diamond. He run away. Alright, Let's move on from that Kevin Porter to the books. How do you like that situation? They gave him a scoring punch off the bench but I don't know if he is he he can score. Yeah they wasn't playing that well anyway. Yeah I mean I think he can score March out but yeah I mean that was an easy trade for them. I mean That's a good asset bro. Maron wasn't playing.


Yeah that wasn't Rock sitting on the bench anyway. But Kevin Porter, he, you know we all know he can score a bunches Score. They need some offense Leave four so he can come off and give him a scoring punch. Yeah I don't know how much they're gonna use him. Honest. Yeah, interesting. See how Doc use him but he definitely gives you a scoring punch off the bench. Well capabilities score. Yeah. Yeah he get in the game second unit start doing all that dribbling Yos gonna like hey big dog. Ah facts. Yeah you don't get it. Ain't no ISO work with yo ain't you see dm, it's your nigga right now. Chill out. That's a fact. Yo ain't playing none of them games. That's crazy. But that was interesting. I mean they wasn't rock with him but that was an aggressive move. I would say also Sacramento, Indianapolis Zone.


Jake Lavia went east side outside man to the Sacramento King. What they trying to do man? Nothing. I don't know. They out here making moves like they aggressive about something but the trade deadline is over so they are stuck with this roster for the rest of the year. I don't like it. Jake didn't even matter Jake. They ain't even pick up his his option. So I knew they was gonna move on from him. I mean shit hopefully can find its way out there but I don't really know the setup. Hmm okay. I don't know what they got going on in Sacramento. Yeah Shout to Fox was just like all hey I see all these reports but that was a problem right? Yeah. Talk your shit. Yeah seen this tweet. Yeah you see all this confusion going on. Don't say shit about my name. Leave me alone. I don't play for y'all no more.


Yeah I think San Antonio was G Grizzy for DMA even allowing him to wear two down there. Nah, he switched it four but were they out of pocket? Nah, they're not outta pocket bro. Nah bro. It's like PG bro. Nobody respect that number for real. But K put that's KW Leonard though bro. He put a banner up. Has anybody wear 13 in no end idiot? That's a good question. I wouldn't be surprised if it did. I know it's just the way you leave like Yeah if you leave on bad terms it ain't really no fixing it. Like only Orlando fixed it with Shaq and Toronto with Vince. Oh yeah but they was like polarizing figures like right KW Leonard was code but he ain't Tim Duncan. Yeah he not polarizing. Yeah He ain't Ronald or Tony Parker to them.


You know what I mean? And the same thing with pg. You ain't, Reggie you was cold but you was cold but yeah they don't So you ain't solidify in Indie like that when he was just like I ain't never got video. What? Come on family. That should tell you a lot. Like come on bro. You, you, you knew what time it was. Well the page is out of pocket though. Y'all are right but the page is out of pocket for not making him a, I don't know why he give a fuck that much but a tribute video bro. He deserved one. I mean he was here for what, seven years? Yeah he did his thing here like I mean listen, he killed, I don't disagree with you're saying but if you're looking at that arena, Jermaine O'Neal ain't up there. Nah. So if Jo ain't up there and that's how they would with everybody then I don't then that's it. If they was honoring everybody else and just slide him.


All right. That's weird. I mean they don't Fuck nobody. You just because you a fuck nigga all the way around the board. I mean it's right. I believe in consistency Get J up there too y'all for sure Pocket bro. J Deserve to be up there 1000%. I'm rolling. I don't know bro. Shout out to Mel Daniels and all the, the past players before but y'all ain't fucking with them two Pg bro. PG deserved to get a video. At least bro. At least the way he left was just like I don't want to be here like I hate the potholes like I can't drive my Ferrari type shit. Yeah like you know blue collar city like us. Yeah that Midwest shit we wasn't doing that stunt shit. Nah nigga that's some Cali shit.


We wasn't fucking with that. Like ah now I gotta drive to Lamborghini in Oklahoma City. That's what said see the potholes out there. He was like yeah go to I need to go to la you know nap shit and ain't one fucking with that. They like what? Yeah they was burning these jerseys. This shit we don't drive ro Indianapolis. Yeah anyway Get you a Chevy my boy get you a a pickup truck on me. So he was mad so it was just the way he left that they made him feel the way. But shout out to my boy man. Yeah man. Hey listen they, they, they've tied you on internet to hood Shino man. Unfortunately our boy got waved by the jazz man. Damn. Hope we can bounce back man. Have a good summer league somewhere this fall. Y'all be speaking though. Niggas real. I just knew that number but we did not trade that man.


That was Denny a or Rob Pika. Yeah Y did y'all I ain't gonna lie. Rob Pika, I'm de Rob Pika backed up to that. I've seen. I think definitely Denny ain I seen Hood and iu. I just knew like he wasn't ready for the league. There ain't no disrespect and he got thrown on the Lakers. Yeah, I was gonna say that's the tough part just I just seen he wasn't, he wasn't NBA ready. Like he need another year of college, shit. Go season kill bro. Yeah I mean but shit, fuck it. You made the dream you made to the league. That's the dream. Yeah and you probably gonna get picked up. I mean he a young, he got potential. Yeah he a six five guard.


Yeah down there. I mean but damn don't for a nice jump shot as well. If Utah, you can't get that, you know Utah rebuild mode. Yeah if you ain't get no love down there. Yeah it's gonna be tough Summer league man. He's gotta go kill some summer league unfortunately. Who else is sad that might give him a chance. Oh it's a lot of teams that's yeah. Need some help but I don't know if that gar position Wicked bro. Yeah, pelicans. Yeah. Somebody else just picked somebody up on a 10 day Charlotte just picked up. Oh off of Peyton got a 10 day back with the Pelicans. Yeah. So Hood shit. Nah, he got it with Charlotte the Hornets. It's the Hornets. Yeah. Oh damn my bad. I thought it was a Pelican but Hoodo might be able to get it, you know work his way through. Yeah, well soon to my boy man keep hooping brother.


The son's trading N to the Hornets for Cody Martin who's scoring big in the BI this season


You are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props money lines, you name it, DraftKings got it all. New customers. Now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus. Be instantly. Take us to the Rack to DraftKings sports book where every point counts. Download the app today. Use Code Club five 20. Yes that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets for just five bucks. Only on DraftKings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See d kng dot coast slash audio.


This ain't the little itty bitty teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the trophy and you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking. Sportsbook the number one place the bet touchdowns. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort, Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, cdk eng.co/audio,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global Degrees programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Dear yes my love. Will you share the most precious thing in the world with me And be My bowl mate. Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes. A million times. Yes. I will. Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations. Qdoba Rewards members only log into your account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers. Delivery and taxes. Extra other restrictions may apply.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Yeah, we was trying to figure out what this, I mean the Hornets was gonna do about a big so they must have had that in the works to get Ner. Yeah, that's a nasty plan. Yeah. I don't like I would've kept Mark Williams. I ain't gonna lie. I don't sure for sure. They was just happy to do business with the, they didn't wanna pay Mark Williams. Well he was gonna be old. Like he was gonna get a good payday. And they, like you said, they had injury concern as well. They had a report yesterday during the TT broadcast about that. Yeah but Ner he don't move shit. He he gonna be out there wilding with lame on him. Yeah. Way side step threes and shit. Yeah, him and Grant Williams in same locker room. Annoying. It's up man. Have fun shit. Yeah Ner just, just be cool and try to get another bag.


Yeah man this shit. I may get you another payday. Let's go through some of these transactions that's taking place near the trade that line. Jimmy Butler obviously is a golden State warrior. Lakers got Luca and Mark Williams, the bucks of Kyle Kuzma and the Wizards man they got Middleton and Smart. The Mavs got ad and k Martin and the Hawks. Man they ain't get nobody. They gave up. They gave up to two rotation players. Ris and Ris and Mini man. George Young for sure. I ain't mad Terrance man though. Terrance man. Terrence man. He just ball. He's an odd man out over there in LA for sure. Without the wings that got there. Yeah. I don't know what the hell it's gonna do man. We go C Well Lakers is a a You gave Lakers a That's a, a Lakers a plus.


I think the Lakers got an A on a on they trades too. Yeah, the Lakers got an a plus Warriors. I for that. I'll give it a A. The Warriors getting Jimmy A. Yeah, I'm gonna give it a B. I'm gonna give it, I'm gonna give it a B minus. Yeah, give it a B minus. I'm gonna give it a B 'cause I feel like you should have got Jimmy in something else like you need another piece. But I'm gonna give it a b. I agree. They should have probably did another situation with that as well. But also they did not have to give up the young talent that we thought they was gonna have to give to give Jimmy. So that's Why I give 'em a great, I don't fuck with I'm with respect but I'm gonna give it a B I'm gonna say solid because I just feel like they needed one more piece with Jimmy.


But we ain't even mention Dennis. Dennis went to the Pistons. Yeah I was gonna I was just about to say that's an underrated, it's A funny ass pic of him going around Twitter. Boy I to tell y'all I'm saying that's a, that's a silent, like that's a quiet great pickup for the Pistons. He fits that team perfectly man. A little annoying guard come off the bench after Kade Cunningham and Paul, they can play together because you know what I'm saying? K is a little bit bigger So you can move him to the two of the wing. Dennis is a proven vet. That's one of the perfect pickups. I ain't gonna lie. It's a underrated pickup for the date. Detroit Pistons. Detroit actually got a good thing going over there. Yeah. So I, I hopefully he can sign back with them. They can build some rapport but that's a good pickup for them.


They gotta figure out what they wanna do with Jalen Durra keep him fuck we gonna do. I mean they, they had, I seen people, they constantly, they shopped him all year. They, I don't think they feel as confident about him as they do other players on that team. I mean I love the happy, I think they, I think they need to stay put. I know they like Isaiah Stewart a lot over there but yeah I would love to have a Jalen during on my team but, but yeah they chopped him all year also. We almost had your boy Kobe White. He was almost a pacer. It was a little bit of a conversation. Oh yeah it gonna trade. Thank god I was wondering what was going but we gotta move on the wings 'cause our off season's gonna be real wicked. 'cause if they gonna try to pay miles, it's gonna get ugly. They gonna have to move either Oby or Knee Smith. They're gonna have to consolidate the roster next year 'cause of the taxes because we definitely got two max players.


They gonna trade TJ McConnell. Yeah and TJ NA experiment over. Nah, I mean TJ's a valuable, y'all can get a asset for him. He making about nine. Yeah he just signed the extension. Right. Two more years I believe is on that deal too. But I'm gonna tell you right now, if we didn't trade for Kobe White because TJ McConnell I'm gonna be pissed and shout out to TJ Nash but Kobe White is, they ain gonna have to move on from, 'cause he's a valuable pick. But like y'all still got Nihar and all these dogs. I don't even know who would come play with Tyrese. A lot of people don't. I mean shit like you said, it's an opportunity to come hoop on this team. We pass the ball, they pass the ball, you gonna get a chance. That's the beautiful thing about the Pacers. You gonna get a damn chance.


For sure man. Stay tuned. Let's go through some games last night man. The story game from Brian yesterday. Old man bro got the dub yesterday over the Warriors. He had 42, 17 and eight. LeBron was Hoopy yesterday and Steph was killed too with 37 started classic dual. And he, he started off bad. He started off booty. That's how good Steph is. That's how good LeBron is. They give us classic moments every time they hit the floor together. It's pretty crazy. Yeah bro. 'cause even after Christmas day game, like everybody was looking forward to this game and they definitely didn't disappoint. You know moving around and stuff with the trades. Basketball is so easy for LeBron. I was just watching, I'm like this shit like a joke. Like You know too much bro know the game in and out.


It was too easy. Like I seen one time I look at the small stuff like just being a coach and then you just watch people like him. He set a pick and roll and popped and somebody, they kind of dragged the pick and roll a little bit and he did a late backdoor cut. 'cause naturally your instincts when somebody, if you guard a pick and roll and you the point guard and they say switch your natural instincts is go to the three point line. Like they switch, you automatically gonna turn. Yeah. Thinking the person pop at the three point line. He backdoor cut got the the layup and I don't even know if he got foul or not but he just made the layup and it's just like damn he good at basketball like cerebral like damn he knew this dude was gonna run back to the three point line.


He cutting getting this layup And I was like shit That's that mental shit though bro. That's the IQ that Did. I'm just like man LeBron's just so special to come to basketball. 'cause I'm thinking if I was the point guard and I had to switch, I would've ran back to that three point line. Like they'd been like where we switch, switch, switch. I would've turned went to that three point line. He had been dunking the ball too like yeah been on the mix tape. Unfortunately nah. Brian and MJ only two people ever to score 40 F 40. Man, that's crazy. Brian on the Wizards, I mean MJ on the Wizards. Yeah. Not on this Wizards team though. Damn. MJ was low key cold too. Not this this crazy bro crazy. MJ used to hoop on me as bro.


Nah MJ the wizards, I mean it knew but he was still hooping bro at the old age. What I'm saying He still average 20. Yeah he had no business average 20 then Bro. He was killing Your was just chilling bro. Ah He was hanging with the Wayne's brothers. He wasn't taking basketball serious bro. He wasn't. I gotta, I gotta own the team to come get y'all to show up bro. Fuck it bro. I hoop bro. That's what he was on that was open. We average 20 out there yelling to Rip Hamilton. The shit his worst, one of his worst years is a nigga 26 and four is a terrible year for mj. Terrible. I would've loved to have those facts Nigga. That's a $200 million nigga nowadays. I swear to God you know what I've been doing if I average that they've been up You was averaging 20 and six.


What I'm getting one 50. Yeah. Sign A new deal one 50. Yeah we wouldn't back Up Lamborghini Tea. This wasn't even Yeah, Yeah he was playing. Yeah he had to. Yeah He didn't have nobody else bro. Yeah, Yeah they was trying to fill them seats up. He had older trip to the team. He was like I gotta be here Lamborghini Tea I would've had, I've been Paul George. That's why he speak pa. He be shitty when players don't play. He got every right to, 'cause he literally played in them near every game. Yeah, That sprint ball with George shot up. Yeah he played 82 games, a couple games. How many couple years? 1, 2, 3 more. More than that nigga. Nine years he play 82 Games and that 17 is just because he came back To the playoffs.


I was gonna say he was going to the finals every year except for the first four and he was still going deep in the playoffs in That's a different nigga bro. Shout out to MJ man that that's why. Nah, that's why he say what he say bro. But that's why he the greatest. Yeah. Nine years of 82 games. Nigga just imagine if he would've just played 60, he could have played four more years. Yeah. At a high level. You know what I mean? Let me just miss 30 games a year and the baseball year fucked him up too. It still bounced back. That's crazy man. Shout out to Brian man. Make it history as always. AE went crazy yesterday. My boy scored 41 got the dub over the Rochester 1 27. One 14. Poke the beer.


Yeah him and Dylan Brooks back and forth. Shit got wicked for sure. A had 41. Don't ever do that. Seven to six. That man Jalen GR was hooping as well with 28, 6 and five. They gun had 16, 10 and seven. Dylan Brooks could never, don't Poke the beer. See that bear alone. And he made history yesterday as well. Most 40 points of franchise history already. Yes sir. He's the youngest to make a thousand threes as well. Man We on our way to be in the greatest triple world ever bro. Damn. It's a long journey but we feel to feel I think, I don't think it's that hard. It is. Think he gonna pass KG that easy. Yeah, I'm not gonna say like it ain't like he I said that easy bro. That's bro. KG is a big fe bro.


KG cold Kg got VP up there didn't he? KG is the top of Motor Combat Kp and he got to Western Copper. Find me. We know that he already got there too. But I'm saying that mvp. I'm saying he already did what KG did and took him What? How long was KG there? 10 years, 12 years. Probably a little longer. KG didn't leave until oh 7 0 8. Yeah he was in the league in 97 right? Yeah he was like 10 years. Yeah, 10 going on. 11 had to be just from a numerical standpoint. Yeah, that said conference finals once Kg got drafted in 95 I believe. Yeah, 90 12 years. Yeah, 12. Well he went back at the end. I ain't count them once. He played 13 years at Timbers. Let's say He went back as a rehab coach, He was a camp counselor.


Yeah. So 12 years he made to the conference finals once won the MVP. This is, I mean I can't do it. I think Ann, I Think, I think Ann might be a lot but and such a wild nigga. He'll fuck around and leave. Leave Minnesota bro. Yeah, that's the only thing I'm saying. The league's so different. There we go. Look we got, they got You on the list. Minnesota greats. Ah they hate me up there too. Alright, let's look at the list. Let's see who he surrounded by. Is you better Than Kevin Martin, Luke? Hell nah. That nigga average 20 up there Killed. He stick, they got Luke Red next to you. Malik Beasley over there Thatt. Shit don't disrespect to Malik. Sam Casale stabbed. Yeah they got Mark Blunt.


Ah nah you wasn't better than Latrell Sprewell. Hell nah. You Got, he was better than Fred Hoberg. Yes, Terrell, Terrell. Brandon had a better match shot career than you. Oh 10 times better. You know Rudy Goldberg, Anthony peeler with the elbow to kg. You know Randy Foy Fred? Fred Hoberg picked me up on my workout. Did he? He was working for Minnesota. He picked me up. I think he like from the ship. Oh okay. Yeah my boy Troy Hudson shout To Freddie Hoy. Yeah he picked me up man RiNo, hell Nah. Shout out to the real when Anthony Peeler was cold on NBA live 98, He was a hooper on the game. I fucked with Anthony Peeler for Shout killer Lefty damn Ke.


Oh I'm sleep. Oh Kevin Love used to do big shit in Minnesota. My fault Kt love That ass though. We fucking up They was Ass him and the big Yeah bro, big PE bitch bro. That was my 2K squad bro. Hill Wesley Johnson when they had BS at 1.2. Yeah bro that was my 2K team. Anthony Edwards just second for sure. But Ke Kevin Love, if he had something to say, I fuck with it for sure. I ain't mad at it. All Right man. Shout to hey man. The most loved timber Wol is Ricky Rubio though. We saw. I didn't understand But that's some, This ain't no hate. I just be like this nigga That shit is, that's some foreign shit. Yeah I did not understand. I used to be like he y'all like him.


Alright that nigga you Probably Boosted it. Look that's the I know, I know I made them love him. Hey that right there it is. Legendary Bro. Why we doing this every day bro? Nah bro. I aint I white person make that but that's hilarious. They talking about slavery if ain't gonna show you. Oh they said they put slavery and then Kanye tweeted earlier again at like sickle this morning. Snipe was a choice. I said enough bro enough. Kanye been back on Twitter y'all he's outside again. Oh shit. Shout out to a for hoop me yesterday man I didn't put him in that fit like that crazy.


Hey is dangerous bro up. I thought that was a real picture. I ain't gonna hold him but what that nigga at a wedding nigga Rome me on a juicy had I was where that nigga was at. I ain't gonna lie. Like he put up in the hamlet fit. He thought nigga was at a wedding. I swear to God with that time I thought he was at a no where at Jacob. Nigga. I know you know nigga, you know fashion different now. I'm like nigga you got all three different browns bro ain't got that wild wild west fit boy. Oh man I swear to God. I swear I'm not even being funny. Yeah because I don't do this bro. You might be an African dude. I know, I know. You and him got different. Y'all got, they got beef.


Dennis got beef so he, they aint left the acne on his face. See they got beef they I ain't that. Oh you crazy. That's I ain't shot before. I thought that nigga was at a win. Oh now I see it is a slave nigga see Green in the background. Think knew shut the wind. I swear that's like a good picture. Paul like you know how they be doing the weird pictures. I thought Mike took this shit if basically TV did a wedding and they saw this background niggas were getting fired. Now that I'm looking, we, now that I've tapped in, I'm like okay I see what the fuck going on. Shout to do this man. Go hoop be dressing like this now. Like somebody might have that on the shit people be wearing now nigga from prohibition, nigga.


Nigga would said that would fly and nigga got some moon shot. His truck dress like that. Man, y'all niggas crazy Dennis man fuck him niggas man shout to man. Mavs got a big win yesterday over the Celtics. Clay went crazy yesterday with a 25 piece man. Did y'all check that game out? Damn. Hell nah. I thought it was gonna be a blowout. I did too but it was TNT all locked in man. Clay was hooping yesterday. Bitches performance. Kyrie had 19, JB had 25, JT had 17 as well. Man. Hey man, clay can do a couple of these games like this in the playoffs man they gonna be a dangerous team bro. JT been having a rough month man. Like a rough couple weeks. Yeah, the 2025 has not been this concept. So they need rest.


Mel. I think we all realize they point jt. Yeah, JT need a break man. That USA man they need. I'm gonna call him man. We gotta see what's going on for sure man. Listen man, the funny part about this is y'all see the, the TNT live draft for the All Star teams. I was at a game I I forgot you was busy right last night. My apologies leading the youth. I'm gonna go through these teams man the draft was funny as hell and you could definitely tell that they don't be watching all the games. So that's what makes it funnier. So Team Shaq, team Shaq is LeBron. Alright we go right there. The teams are crazy.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Dear yes my love. Will you share the most precious thing in the world with me and be My bowl mate. Are you asking me to share Qdoba with you? Yes, a million times, yes. I will Always love Qdoba. This Valentine's Day Qdoba rewards members get a free entree with the purchase of an entree and a drink. Sign up for rewards in the Qdoba app today. Valid in restaurant or online only on two 14. Join Qdoba Rewards to redeem the offer at participating locations. Qdoba Rewards members only log into account or scan QR code at checkout. One offer per member cannot combine with other discounts or offers delivering taxes extra other restrictions may apply.


Did you know you can now buy a Hyundai on Amazon? The same place where you order yoga, mats, a toothbrush, and pretty much everything else. All from the comfort of your home. Just locate a nearby dealer, pick your color, your options, check the price. And with a few dotting of some i's and crossing of some T's. Voila. Your Hyundai is ready for pickup. It's that easy. Visit hyundai usa.com for more details. Limited availability. Pick up through a participating Hyundai dealer in select markets.


Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Upgrade the whole team at Lenovo dot com. Unlock ai experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors So you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device. Win the tech search for business PCs at Lenovo dot com. Lenovo Lenovo,


Kenny said I'm picking all young niggas. Wow. Chuck got all bigs in the all-star game. Nasty. Yeah, he he's he's never been and Shaq got all damn rid up the hall of Famers. Shaq team code Shaqs team crazy. Shaq team is insane bro. LeBron, Steph, Anthony Davis. I saw Kevin Durant, Damon Lil and James Hart and Jalen Brown. Yeah. Allstar of Jalen Brown. He said we getting everybody that's over 30. That's what we young Anthony Edward Jalen Brown Jr. Kenny said I want the the YN team all crash outs. Tyler Hero. He did get all of Young Wolf. Yeah he that was on ver Chuck. I don't know who gonna play seriously in your team.


Wouldn't be my hoop for real. I know SG might not go too hard Paul, but nah. Giannis might play that team ass like they don't got nobody that they got Kobe in a real game. I want Chuck team in a real game. I mean obviously Shaq team is crazy. I'm taking Shaq team. Yeah, but I'm saying if I'm in a real game like Yoic about to kill Giannis and Ain't nobody to guard. Alright, so we here now we ain't gonna disrespect another Allstars on Kitty team, but we just gonna go ahead and have some little fun. So if you gotta pick a start a five between Shaq team and start five between Chuck team. Who you got? So you, you take, you take Chuck team. You take Shaq team. Okay. Obviously we only got one guard, two guard.


I'm starting Sha and Donovan at the back. Okay I'm going with yo Kuo and we playing two three. We crazy. I'm starting at five right there. LeBron, Steph, ad Jason, Taylor, Kevin Dur. That's My starting five bro. Somebody get killed now. Match that up. Who at the one you got S, SG. It Steph. That's it bro. It's quiet for Yoku. He gonna do his thing And then SGA gonna murder Steph. Nah, Steph gonna get his shit off too.


And the thing to make it good, like Our team better all around than yours For sure. But we got cool matchups like if we play zone, y'all for real. We so tall bro. We Giannis, we Gonna shoot you out of there. Woohoo. Katie and Steph, Steph and Jason Tatum don't get it fucked up. Our wing presence is heavy. We posting though. What you doing? Three, two. We dropping the ball on that block. Who guard Giannis. What do you mean who guard? We We zone y'all. You definitely can. Yeah y'all have to shoot that bitch. But we Gonna throw it in a post regardless on that zone Or not Double bro. Double the top man. Drop down the hip bro. Hey we be, and Giannis might be like what the fuck do you do in that situation bro?


That zone crazy That that's the one that's a freaky 2004 Syracuse Jim Behan zone. I agree. Oh, Heads in the zone. That is what was my boy to play with Carmelo that I, he got about three of them down there. I respect it. They just, I mean I, I would go with, I mean Shaq team is obviously they got all these Hall of Famers. It'd be crazy but I think we just run up and down bro. Mm. We would just put Old Hill versus Wat. Ah yeah I agree. Leroy the super shade was corn Nigga his grand Pepsi, Leroy. He said just put the old heads rush the young niggas, players Like you Spanish.


This was designed. Yeah it definitely was designed. It ain't nothing but international players besides Donovan and Kat Up Pascal and Sagon. It's quiet for them. Yeah. And yeah Piece kills my dog. Don't wanna see him in the Allstar game. Not in Oh yeah Team Kenny, He fit in right with our zone though. You do. Yo might not play. You know yo gonna be giving damn by the Allstar game. Nah, nah he don't. But so yeah you might have to, you might have put, we put Wendy at the five and Pascal after the four three or you could sub in Kat. Y'all bench me. Ooh Up Kat in too. Come on Ka y'all this and wi our two big shooters. What y'all too slow bro. We zoning Steph.


He get a little tired. Throw James in there. That's Fine. Throw James. Fuck get Dame in there. We good. That's fine. Freaky Jalen. Come on in the game. Jalen. Jalen is better than everybody down there about Long Shot. We own him. Jalen better than Donovan, Mitchell, Ascal and S that's Debatable. I'm I'm sleep. That's debatable. You sleep on what Jaylen Don Mitchell, I'm sleep. That's Ja. Brown is definitely better than Donovan Mitchell. I'm not, Not going, I ain't never seen Jalen Brown lead his team. I'm not going bro. He ain't never been the the guy, the guy guy. I'm asleep. Are We acting like no Jaylen Brown MVP was Eagle Dollar MVP or we acting like that?


Are we acting like that? But Ah shit, if I'm playing, You talking about League I'm, if I'm playing with Drew Holiday, Jason Tatum there You go. Four or five holes. Well they shoulda have gave it to one of Derek White. No, I'm just saying look at all These what Jay-Z say nigga if you, if you made me nigga go make another one, make another Hoe Told dang bro. And I'm gonna Make another one. Then If you put Donvan Mitchell next to Jason Tatum and Drew Holiday, you're going to see Murder Man fuck your Donvan. Mitchell's a better score of Jaylen Brown. Do we agree there? Yeah Defense. I'm definitely going Jaylen Brown but offensively it is night and day bro. He been, I ain't doing night and day. He been, he been the leader On it. Donvan Mitchell was a better offensive Player. He been the go-to guy on everything he'd been on Bro. He played for the jazz bro.


Go-to Guy and they was in the playoffs. Jesus Christ. They was in the playoffs. God bless. He was in playoffs. One team. Thank you for killing bro to save your career because they sent you to die when you got drafted Was Yeah he brought him to life. Oh bro, he got Gordon Haywood Outta there now y'all niggas is getting outta hand. You know playoff team, I'm Biased. Jalen Brown is for sure better than Donovan Mi Mitchell though. Nah, all around disrespect Be I'm sleep. I ain't gonna all around Defensively. Niggas is crazy bro. What we doing on this show, show Defensively? Yeah, 1000% bro. I ain't gonna lie. I got an offensive package too. It Ain't better than Donovan's. I'm not, listen bro, if you need a bucket to end the game, I'm damn sure not giving that bitch to jb. Why? Even though he's capable. If I got done right here, I'm swinging it to Donovan bro. I'm asleep man.


I ain't gonna lie up. I like jb. I think JB cold but he always had some guys on his team. Donovan had Ricky Rubio when The guys wasn't, He had Rudy Gobert When the guys weren't performing. Yeah, Mike Conley and these dudes are good players but bro you had, you went from it, Kimba, Kyrie, Jason Tatum. You always had somebody take the slack off of you a little bit. You still get to do your thing but like now Jason Tatum get the best defender every game. I know how So You still got for Z, you got Derrick. Why you got Derrick all Love jt But I'm not disrespecting his second man, bro.


I'm not either. I said he cold. He cold but We talking. He better than that nigga bro. We Talking about sleep. Somebody in the MVP Donvan mc, I mean I about call nigga Donvan McNabb. Donovan Nbb better than him too. Donovan Mitchell. Donovan Mitchell is fucking raw. Y'all are right bro. He is cold bro. But a all around player bro. You, if you're picking Donovan Mitchell over Jalen Brown and you're starting a team, bro, you tripping bro. Now You, now you waving the conversation a little bit. No, no I ain't, if you're, if they're available, y'all gonna pick Donovan Who's gonna be my franchise leader. I'm gonna go Donovan you gotta be no franchise leader. I'm just saying they both available on the board. So you take Donovan Mitchell off the cab and put Jalen Brown. They had the same record. Yeah.


No way. I don't How don't Think so He'd be that Donovan Mitchell. I mean Jalen Brown and Darius Garland is a better duo than them two. I don't think so. Super. Chad, please, please tell us how y'all feel in Chad. Can't wait to see these watch. I just don't think so. Great dialogue. That's crazy Bro. For good dialogue. We gotta move on. I think Jalen Brown is talented but the way he play is very him about like him. So you saying he Malcolm X at the NBA? Nah, I dunno what you talking about. Let's, but No, Martin was sort the people. Malcolm was like, get buddy fuck bitches if y'all coming, y'all coming.


No he wasn't talking. The Nuggets music match yesterday. One 12 to 90. No this LeBron is a great player and he's not Malcolm X. He is very, he called it selfish. He's very attached. No, I ain't saying he's selfish. I say he just like the way he played is like I'm going do me, I'm gonna kill. Yeah let's move on. That picture plays I'm say he a good player. No, that's fine bro. Y'all pick Martin Luther King on Malcolm X bro. Respect. Let's get through these before we get canceled again. Nuggets beat the magic one. 12 to 90. NBJ had 30 or seven. Yoko had 28, 10 and 12. Aint Martin King on the graphic team nigga. Yeah, you had The RIPT Mo mono t move on bro.


I keep trying to get to this. I dunno what, I dunno what he's talking about. Let's Go, y'all show one clip of Dennis with a slave outfit. We started talking about black history. What are we doing? So go ahead and pull the Jon Truth up or something. I don't know. This is why we don't work on Fridays. Look with niggas be on that game. Whatever. They got their ass whooped. Blazer. Beat the Kings. Wanna eight to one, two. Hey man, shout the Blazers man. Six straight win. Telling y'all won the last 11. That's D. That's my dog. So. Mm. I'm a Blazer fan because I like young boys. I watched one game and I seen how they played and I've been tapped in there since. For sure man after shot. Shout to my dog Chauncey bro.


We trying to get to talk to you on All Star. I'm a fan of the team man. Oh yeah, we definitely got locked up with Chauncey a lot to talk about because y'all done got a fan of me. I ain't never liked The Blazers. I ain't even like going to Portland. Damn. But now I need to go see a game. I'm a fan. Blazers used to be Fire. Shout to the drill Blazers man. One of my favorite squads. Oh yeah. When they had the, the thugs for sure they was, they had my dogs when they hey they Was nice with B Roy and LaMarcus too. Lacus. Yeah I they used To had a few solid teams Bro. I wasn't tapped in though. I used to like Dame and CJ had a good run. Yeah they was good teams. I'm saying that wasn't my, they, they wasn't my League Pass team. Okay. They wasn't my league pass team but the hot but damn it was, damn I, I had him on League Pass.


He's crazy bro. His last two years there. Nah, three years. I had him on League Pass. Well he had Wes Matthews in them. Yeah, it was a league pass for sure. The Rose and Levine both had 22 yesterday but every time it's had 30 got the W list. We don't know what the Kings got going on but they going, they got S's gonna square like they gonna be their leading scores going forward. Patience with a nice little comeback. Yesterday gets the Clippers one 19 to one 12. That Scout was hooping yesterday, had 33 and 11. Benedick Mather was killed with 25. James Hardt had 22 and 10. Kaw had 19. I told you they was gonna beat them. Yeah that was, that was a really solid game. So I thought we was about to get our ass. Whoop came back from a 20. What Tyrese do? Tyrese was saw yesterday. I didn't really care about his studs 'cause Yeah it was a Pascal.


That was his game. Him and Mimic Math was killing and shit. My was out so I, I'm proud of that though. For sure. Verified Buckets, behead, who was getting to it? Side ass Niggas. Nah don't hate nigga we top, we top four Right. Yeah we won't smoke. Everybody else turned it down. We up man. Best record NBA since the year started. Just facts that are real. That's all. Who you got brother? So now you like Rick Carlo? Nah, I hate Rick Carlo. I hate that we win it because we not gonna fry him again. 42, 17 and eight. Man. Shout out to Brian man. Open man. LeBron was going crazy yesterday did this thing bro. I'm show some love to your dog. A man 41 to seven back to back killer games man. And he was talking that shit start killing. I Brooks got got out of pocket.


It got wicked. I'm gonna go with my oh nine draft tee. The goat Steph Curry. Come on man. Start off had a rough game. Second half. He picked it up 37, 7 and four. Y'all need to get Jimmy there quick. Most definitely man. And the last one I least man yo went crazy yesterday. 28, 12 and 10. Never gonna slight those numbers at all man. Be here man. Parlay man. It's getting close and closer to people. Wanna know man. Who you got for the Super Bowl? Parlay? What's the what? I gotta do the, oh the Super Bowl parlay. Nah, just put the Eagles to win Money Line. Okay. Oh you Eagle Money line? Yeah put 1500 on that. Damn. Yeah y'all got it. I'll tell y'all what they make a month later. But for the basketball one Dion Fox you mean we 20 points Diamond Mitchell, 20 points.


Damien Lillard 20 points. Tyler Hero 25 Joellen Beat is playing tonight. He will have 25 for sure. LeBron is gonna have 20 and Lloyd Marketing will have 20 for Sure. What will you I'm doing the big one today man. 500 winning 21 K today. Ooh 500 for 21 bands. Yeah 21 bands sometimes. I don't know why. Yeah bro. Now I spent all the money with this weekend before we get there. Trick on all of them. I'm gonna leave it there. The crowd is Everyone. Listen man, we appreciate y'all tuning in. We'll be back Monday But what's up Also shout to hos who don't got a nigga. Celebrate Valentine's Day bro. With your single friends man. Enjoy Shout. Shout to my auntie and them too 'cause my uncle left you last year and I know your Valentine's Day with your old ass friends is gonna be lit this year.


So God bless to the Hendricks family bro. Y'all have a great one. I also wanna say shout out to Nate Robinson. Shout out to Nate. He got a kidney. He got a donor? Yeah, he got a donor so he going into surgery today and I pray everything go well. Shout out to Nate. Prayers up Nate, Rob man for sure. Happy for you big dog. For sure. Last but not least we get out here. Super Chad DeQuan Jackson with Deandre Hunter getting an attic. What does this mean for the Hawks? Just finally me be here but show the Cavs some love we deserve. I'm fucked with the Cavs man. Okay but not like on know winning the championship shit like, you know what I mean? I don't overs support like Jeff dude but YA great team and that was a great pick man.


For sure. Yeah, some nerve from Super Chat. Okay. Alexander Smith says someone who shares a name with Be him. My first name Bishop bro is stripping Donovan Mitchell been better than Brown. He's carried the calves. Your name Take said the Lineage bro. Bishop. He said Donovan Mitchell? Yeah. Who next? Oh okay. Both Slice. Slice is JB could never rally a team like Diamond Mitchell. Okay. All right. Y'all Last but not least, Brandy Team Taylor Brown about to get on Twitter. All right Jeff. JB Drew defended best players before Drew him and Smart. That's why he felt disrespect last year. And Drew said what he said in the finals.


He talking about that. He saying JB better. Huh? And he saying that Drew defended the best defenders. Him and jb. I ain't never say JB didn't play defense. I never said JB wasn't a good player. I just said he ain't never had to be the go-to guy. Shout out to the Brandy team man. No, he and J Man I'm just, I'm just saying he ain't never had to be the guy. He is a guy. He just haven't had to be the guy for 18. This world is crazy. But I'm just saying like when it come to the focal point of the offense and everything gotta go through you. He just haven't had that yet. Can he do it? Yeah, definitely. I mean obviously average 2324 points but he just hasn't had to do it yet.


And Donovan Dunning two franchises so for sure man. Different responsibility. Listen man, we appreciate y'all. Love to super chat man. Hope y'all enjoy y'all Super Bowl Sunday. If you indulge in that, we'll be back Monday morning five 20 In The Morning. The


Volume The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond. Hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company,


Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? It's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate So you can take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with those day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit, QuickBooks, your way to Money, money Movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 report,


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com.