
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


The NBC nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broca. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yams is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom YaaS evenings on NBC.


The Made for This Mountain podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during mental health awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute Season one taser Incorporated. I get right back there And it's Bad. Listen to absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The volume.


Good morning, happy Mondays five 20 In The Morning. Brought to you by Boost Mobile. You know the vibes. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Everybody pulled up this morning. We got Bishop five 20 Mook. We got Teague Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up family? Well what up though? I'm back. Yeah. Hey you back in. You back in. Fuck them. It is never. It is never fucked. Them always love y'all. Hey always love there but I'm back Pacer in five. Y'all seen Pacer Nation? What? I posted We back 44 in the building. They still can't steal. Niggas was like get they like get the fuck outta here. I was like damn I can't join the tea. Everybody else hop a bandwagon. Well I can't hop a mo. Throw me that towel right there. That shirt. Yes sir. You get on For sure. Get on board man. Motherfucker said be here. Wipe this mouth with that today. Wipe Mel got a pocket for you. That up The Fact that you used that wonderful me. Wipe your hot Cheeto dusts is very disrespectful. Yes sir. Hey But we right here. Hey we going to the fucking final. Let's get it man. Let Yeah we going Ass in the bridge on Sunday. Yes sir. Hey y'all, I Fuck with the pipe Did and it was sweet. We won by 20 Built to asm. Still trying to get your paperwork signed out. We gotta wait. You Fuck them Nicks niggas man. Oh God. Hey man. Built to as in a bridge won 25 to 1 0 8. The Indiana Patriot are going into the finals for the first time at 25 years. Dang. Last time we went to the finals I was 10. My son is 10 now. God damn. It's been a journey man. Shout out to the Pacers for handling business. Great game. Shout out to You know what I'm saying? Pascal aka man he super, he was in conference finals. MVP and rightfully so going crazy. 31 and five. Tyrese Halliburton took over in the fourth. He had 2113 to six and OB Toppin showed up. We've been waiting for this game. Mo 18 to six man. Yeah, OB shout out to the Pacers for Halo business man. I know everybody would had a busy weekend man. Did y'all tap into the game? I course man. Yeah, we watched the game. OB Toppin did his thing though. OB toppin was big for y'all. If y'all could get that OB topping and God the finals, it's gonna be a series we just need once or twice. Yeah we just need it for two games bro. Once Or twice. Right. Hey man, I show love the OB man 'cause like you said, Tyree in a press conference using his athleticism on defense. He's out here contesting shots. He's out here blocking shots. He was one for 10 in the entire series for shooting threes. He came alive at the right time man, we needed that contribution man. But I don't wanna hear shit from you Knicks fans. 'cause Thomas Bryant sent Y Allall niggas home. Thomas Bryan sent y'all home. Thomas, Brian, y'all are our little brothers the last time. But y'all got in the playoffs. We have sent y'all the fuck home. We don't speak no more. Two years in a row my boys start crying. Thomas Bryan was crying. Got some red nigga shit. I said I fuck with Thomas Brown. He got some money bro. Bro, His journey is crazy. End this season. Remember he played the first two games and nigga got bitch. Yeah. Yeah. Tony Bradley Made him play bro. I'm fan my boy. He hit the phone and start crying. My mama bro. He killing Officer got some money bro. He goes going to the finals. Nah, it ain't even, I think it like nigga I got another year to leave. That's what I'm saying. He's bro might book me a three year deal. Thomas Bryan, you got a fan of me bro. He cry for other reasons, right. Yeah bro. He might. He got some bread. He said it felt like us this morning. Nah, extra two years in the league bro. Bro. He probably, he probably be the pacer Nate. He gonna sign two year deal with the Pacers bro. That's fire bro. Especially if y'all winning a chip. I get it bro. Yeah bro. I've been crying too. I'm getting another three years nigga. Y about three years, 15 what? It's up. And to be fair, like I like That back Bigs tore their Achilles. James Wiseman and Isaiah. Jake tore their Achilles the first like four games. Yeah. So even to slow pace them back. We might keep, I mean we gonna keep him anyways but he might be the second of death chart because he got experience and he contributed already so they get back going so you can trust you a little bit bro. Come on. You see how Rick do Benedick made made one wrong move. He took him out. We'll talk about that later. But boy Thomas Bryan salute can you just secured the bag hundred and the way he was shooting the ball though, like if that's a consistent thing for him going into the series, he might play a little bit. For real, for real. Yeah. Nah because You know the Oklahoma City they load up, he Fit right into what Miles's Doing bro. Yeah, he came right back in and fit. Yeah. Yeah man. Shout to Thomas Bryan. You right man. He didn't nah, facts that's you didn't changed your life King. That is my guy. We talking like he ain't been in the league for seven years But shit He got those three. Hey bro. Coming a lot right now bro. That's what we need you bro. Look I put a lot of money on there bro. 'cause you was taking some of them crazy shots bro. Bro I got so respect when you was hooping like you said each round like they get a bonus right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They get more money. They all probably gonna lead up about a good 200,000 too if they win it all 300. What a nice little summer stimulus but too much. Well not actually for something that mess a discount. I got the messed up. My apologies. Yeah, Ty Tyrese, this does nothing. Yeah this is, this is charity. Yeah, he's He playing for Legacy so it's cool. Most definitely. But Ben, she Jarius Walker Johnny Furphy. Oh yeah Lamb Bo Summers. Oh what's the little white dude that's off the end of the bench? Oh yeah, Johnny Furphy. Yeah that's him. Oh yeah this is, this is like he hype Right now. Oh it's Lit. He's Lit 20 years old. He just got a extra 250 K. It is lit in the city for sure. Yeah. Anybody that was on the G league team too, like the dude that be on the bench? Yeah he super lit. Oh he crump? Oh yeah man. Super lit. That's hard. He is turned him up. I Rock with that. He might buy a whip for sure. Alright man. I know it's been a minute. Let's try to break this game down a little bit. How are the patience able to win this game? Man, The Knicks turned the damn ball over bro. Mm. Niggas turned that shit over. You think that's a, a balance of good defense bad decisions or is it heavy winning? It was a balance. Nihar Nihart was guarding though bro. He was trying to chase after Brunson he was fighting getting a lot of steals. Six steals. They was causing Chaos out there bro. But they was, they was turning that shit over doing some stupid shit Too. It was the constant pressure. Yeah. Like it it it wore you down like pressure. What'd they say? Pressure breaks pipes. Yeah. Of ass. What happened? Like Jalen Brunson was a constant pressure. If it wasn't them hard it was Nie Smith wasn't Nie Smith Tyrese, Halliburton was switching sometimes like TJ McConnell, all of them was just applying pressure. I ever seen Benedict Math when he was in. It was constant pressure on him and like as a point guard and to be a scoring point guard to deal with that the whole game bro Eventually gonna wear down. Yeah you might start making like little stupid mistakes. Yeah like that pass he try to throw in a lane with one hand he got tipped off the top. Yeah. And it was like that shit you wouldn't make when you not tired. Yeah It was just on his ass bro. Yeah like damn. But I don't like the way he, he do be Benedict math bro. Yeah, Rick two Back Toback games. He give us 20 bro when we need at the crib he gave us 20, we needed that. Then he come back we get beat in New York but he still had 20, he was the only one really hooping. Yeah. And then he come out tonight, I mean the next night and don't get to play bro. Yeah. Eight minutes bro. Yeah bro. And it's nasty work because like you said he was our biggest scorer for two games and on top of that we have been struggling at the free throw line and he's the only person outside of Tyrese who was consistently hitting free throws pass. Guys can't hit a free throw to say his life bro. But You know what, this happened last year in the playoffs. He, he did not know how to hit free throws until the conference finals. I don't know what that's about 'cause he was way better than the regular season. But man we need Benedict Mather especially for this this finals run for, I don't know what that situation was to Ben. Ben's preference with Ben. She, I don't know but man we gotta get him the game man. It's that constant pressure on defense Ben Shepherd play defense. Yeah and I'm not saying Benedict Mather don't but it's a role you gotta play with the Pacers like you gotta be intense picking up full court. Yeah and Ben Benedict Mathen kind of got that swagger like you can see it like he the only one with swagger on their team. Yeah, that's a fact. Yeah like, like yo and I it's like a little arrogance like yeah I am him like he the only one like that. Everybody else. Yeah you do gotta have it. You, you gotta have somebody like to be who you wanna be. Like he gotta, he want to be a star. Yeah. Everybody else like shit I'm here to do my job. Yeah. He like but he is cold though. Yeah he is cold facts but I'm saying like to he the only one that's like the eyeball outta that team. I get what You're saying. Yeah like and it's weird because the team rock with him. They got a great relationship but you could tell it's real a tension with him and And Rick. Yeah Rick you can tell it's obvious. It's just because he like I'm YI I'm good. He The YN bro. You hold me back. I'm I'm glad he had them two games though. Like them 20 ball games it there so niggas would be like his coach tripping bro. Yeah he's killing bro. Yeah I'm saying that all year about him though. I'm just saying at least he ain't shutting him down so much that it's gonna hurt him bro. Like But the only thing is like even when he had 20, y'all know he did that with 1215. Yeah he didn't play a lot so it ain't like what Rick did. You've been playing these minutes. Yeah. You just made the most one time. Yeah but he gotta get out of there. He has To bro. We've been saying all year I wanna keep him but he gotta get out of there. Yeah it is not, it is really not fair to him. We ain't gonna do too much of the ery tool but that's one of 'em situations. Like he never gonna get to be the player he wants to be here under the same situation. Nah he won't. And he's gonna be one of the people that goes to another team and kills and we gonna be like that's exactly what the fuck we need. It is gonna be like the James Harden effect. Mm not, not to that extent. Damn. I mean James Harden To that but it's, it's like that except for shit At least OKC coach liked James. He don't like this nigga. Yeah, Yeah he don't het Like him bro. Yeah. You know how we never, not to say I knew James Harden was really good but we never seen 36 a night. James Hart when he was at OKC. Right. He knew He was gonna be good but I didn't know he was gonna be like that. Yeah. So you like you could see that Benedict Mather's gonna be good but I could see him going somewhere. It Spread his wings a little Bit. If he went to, if he went to Brook Locker I could be like okay Benedict Mather averaging 22. He fit that Now I've seen a lot of, You know, so we'll get to the rumors and stuff tomorrow 'cause listen we got a lot of basketball talk bosses that ain't no games being played but I've seen one of the possibilities being the Cam Johnson and Beic Mathers Center tray. Maybe a couple pigs figure it out there but I but I that'd be interesting. That'd be 'cause Ben Cam Johnson Field, he fit the Pacers and be Mather he have a chance to flourish. The thing about Coming to the Pacers bro, I don't know how many people is gonna be willing just to be picking up full court bro. The Pacers is on that. They picking up most NBA players like bro I'm not doing it. They only but they only do that in the playoffs. Yeah because Pascal up there picking up bro they on that. They only do that they pressing in the NBA bro. They only do that in the playoffs though. If you watch him they are terrible on defense in the regular season. Yeah But that's like y'all said that's a fact. Can't, he's not picking no fool. Hell nah bro. Y'all tripping bro. It just interest to hear y'all as, You know what I'm saying too big players say that like I'm not gonna go play there 'cause I'm nothing no person. That's not a thing in the NBA bro. But I mean when you start getting competitive you do that like even you wanna fight in guard. I'm saying maybe one person might pick up they all even Miles would be up they all picking up Bro. Even like You know but in the playoffs you would do anything. Yeah like everything go out the window. Like I never thought I would send Aren Williams to his left the whole game. Like I ain't about to just be jumping man I sent that nigga to his left the whole game. He was fucked up. Yeah but you would do whatever 'cause you like Yeah we just wanna win. You don't care about nothing else. Yeah but in the regular season you think I'm about to go do that and we play tomorrow? Hell nah. Yeah I play too many games. Yeah that's What I said Bro. Yeah bro. I played with tomorrow No a U days over They're a ut But for these five games we like to fuck I'll pick up full court. Yeah. Hey that's funny 'cause you even said that with your college decision you said I ain't even going to college be pressing full time. No bro. Louis picking up full on game. That Little I about to say that Louisville story Hilarious. Yeah I told that nigga When you I told that nigga he One told me you gonna be a little ran out there chasing people the whole game. I see you right Bro, I didn't know you at the place. That wouldn't even his style like Draymond picked up. We would've definitely got a chip with Mo. But think about it like bro he would've been never played. Yeah they would've kept taking him out. You gotta pick it up. They been like pick up Rock. We doing two pick up Nigga On God 18 He wasn't gonna do that. Yeah I used to, I played basketball with this nigga. I he not guard shit full court. Nah not fool. Nah for sure man. Shout out to the Pacers for handling business man. Listen, any Pacers fan that said that they saw us in the finals this year. You are a liars and I appreciate your lies but man we thought the best case scenario, maybe a second ride exit to a really good team. The fact that we in the finals is fucking crazy insane. Hey man, shout out to the team but hold it down we'll talk more about it. But New York as soon as the game blocks they start typing that shit up. They say hey do we need to trade Ka, do we need to get rid of T? They always whiling but I before we get to that, y'all see the video, they did it like our fans compared to New York fans. I can't wait. I said man take this shit off. He Can't wait. It's a big ass difference. Yeah. I'm like take, take this shit down. A big difference like Indiana fans turning up after the game. I'm like man take this shit down. Wait, take It's the lingo bro. Yeah they like take that shit down lingo little damn they like never been there bro. Fuck New York. Nah. New. Yeah Lingo was silly when they yeah they go cra I'm like take this down man. It is tear shit Up. Yeah that's just, it's just a pre-game though in the finals. If they win it'll be better bro. And did you see IP they had all the streets fucked up that said we are not New York. You know we not fucking shit up down here. You know why it ain't 'cause we not like New York. They they passionate about everything. Like even when they just talk they just like super passionate. True like Indiana. Like if they would've like they try to put some black dudes on there, they like yeah man fuck the Nicks. They wasn't yelling or nothing like Yeah but that's How You know New York Aggressive because we cool, we cool ass. We Are but we said it bro. When we win some shit it's going to be all white people. All the people that we cool with and know that's cool. They not gonna be down there getting on the news and stuff. You right nigga Ain't doing that. We not doing that. Nah too new Bro. Fat Joe and that mother fuck you pussy suck my dick. Like You know what I mean? They got the stars doing. It's different like Yeah Hey if you could have seen Mike,


That's what they saying on there, I mean to the show they literally say that's what they saying Bros B could never be here Chuck. I'm like Jay you passed Chuck Pass. Chuck you. Oh Don I doing nothing. Oh shit. Oh yeah I'm on your ass. I is crazy And I miss Old guy. Yeah he that's one of the wild get well soon for life for that shit. That's one of the craziest you've ever heard Pocket on News for sure. But speaking of that, we'll come back to the Pacers and Nicks a little bit later in the show but man inside the NBA round of applause man. One of my favorite TV shows of all time.


Bless you. For sure. Thank you. I didn't know that many people hated the show until I was on Twitter and I was like man this is really crazy. This is the last fucking inside N-B-O-T-N-T man And niggas was like good, I'm happy it's gone. I know they've had that back and forth about them not really watching the games and coverage but they've always been a fucking very entertaining show man. Damn people didn't like it like that. Nah, as last couple years. People From the Hate From the Hate. That's why. Yeah. It's always gonna be some hate though from a basketball standpoint. They said it's not informative. They say they just make jokes of everything. Yeah and they and they hate on everybody that's New and they do. We we talked about it a little bit but they been around bro since we was kids bro. For real. They entertaining us. Yeah. Come on man. Entertaining Most, some of them Thursday night games I have no interest in watching but I will stay up and watch inside the NBA or even the halftime show's.


But you gotta think like when you, when your grandparents get old, all them get old they just become funny. Yeah they don't be talking about shit. They just make you laugh, You know what I mean? They talk a lot of shit. Yeah. Talk a bunch of shit and they make you laugh. Well Kenny and Ernie do a good job breaking the game down and so Kenny get up there and wobble up and You know I mean scribble on the board. Yeah. You know a little bit. And the funny part about it is, You know they are older so maybe young generation may not cherish them as much as we do but Shaquille O'Neal's one of the best basketball players ever. Charles Barkley got an MVP. Yeah These ain't just your regular Joe smokes. They're talking about these are people who dominated in the NBA. Exactly. So it'd be funny hearing their point of view even though they all the old grumpy grandpas now but they be saying a lot of valid stuff to be making sense at times. They just be bullshitting too much.


Which we enjoy. Yeah but I mean they know the game obviously, but the game has changed like from when they play from shit when I was playing the game has changed. So how we view shit might be a little different. Like shooting a bunch of threes is cool now. Like and they might look at it like man that's dumb as shit. Like It looks like it's hating when Yeah Charles Barkley said but shit, that should be dumb as shit sometimes Bro. But it looked like man you was old man like I think it is. I I think how Charles and done played was terrible like just throw it to him and he backed somebody down for 20 seconds. I thought that was weak but shit that's how they played at that time. But the People would just want to see like it is like we y'all coach our kids hard love on them at the same time facts, You know what I'm saying?


Got some Love but that's, I think that's what Chuck do a good job of doing. Like he make fun of everybody he joke about shit, he don't be knowing what he talking about sometimes. But then when he like actually likes somebody he show love like he show love like he show love to shake, get job Alexander the other day like nah he the face of the N nba like, You know what I mean? And now the rest of Kenny's show love Shaq ain't showing nobody but that's what it's expected of it. And that's the one thing that people ain't really recognizing bro. It's a TV show. Yeah it's a cable TV show. It is been successful for however long bro. Gotta since the nineties. If you want be entertained bro. It's not gonna be X and Os because there's a lot of good people who do X and O basketball content shit that y'all don't tap in with bro. Some Of that shit's boring to people bro.


You don't wanna see if you're not a real basketball head, you don't wanna see that bro. Nah, no that's for people who really enjoy The game like LeBron podcast, it's a real basketball head podcast. You have to love the game to watch That. You know a average fan can't watch that and be like enjoy Steve Nash LeBron. But he didn't LeBron Make it for that? He made it for the basketball Hits. Yeah. Oh for Sure man. It's concept for everybody man. Shout to inside the N-B-A-O-T-N-T now I am interested to see how they will land next year's supposed to be your E-S-P-N-A-B-C that will be totally different. I we've said this before that You know there should be a basketball show that kind of pats the lines of Pat McAfee's. I wonder if they will give them that type of a leash. 'cause if you let inside the NBA get they shit off like we do, Oh it's gonna be worse.


It's gonna be crazy. People Thought they had it. Now if they give them a long leash they Gonna be calling people out. They names every episode they, they need to give us that leash. Yo we turn let us, we know we, hey we know how to go, we know how to be corporate. We know how to, we know how to control it. What you think Mike? Can we go corporate? I feel like Bhe n cannot not say the F word and Jeff can not say the N word for at least five episodes straight. I I ain't said you said the N word today. Yes you Have. No I didn't. It was not it was him. It was you. What'd I say? We'll Play it back. That's what I like. That's crazy. Let's play it back. That's what I like it crazy And we watch some shit on your phone.


What? Nah I got to it. What Sometimes you got study film sees how you get better. I would never, I would never say that. I would never say that on Amazon abc. You're right. They could never, I like Jordan. Well you done all get off of it. Shout for the blue games. Alright man the super chat Copygirl said if Tyrese had brushed the switch teams with the lc with teams with the outcome, y'all think the outcome would be different? Yes. Shout to retweet or that but yes the Knicks will win. I think the Knicks will win too. I think they'll be a way better team be. Yeah because they, I I think Jalen Bronson is a, a better individual player than Tyree Hallberg.


But for a team aspect the way Tyree play I think it will fit the Knicks will they got, they got really good players on the Knicks team like og, Mikel Ka, all those guys are really, really good. And I think the way the ball will move with Tyrese would be a little different. But also I don't know the way Tibs coach, if they switch coaches, I think they win. Mm. I feel like Tyrese the way he played naturally just it's gonna turn them up bro. Make everybody better. So isn't really nothing Tibs can do. That's how he played bro. Yeah I think of Rick Carl all had Jalen Brunson him. I think they win. Dang. I wonder if he ever coached him before. Yeah he did. I know but I'm just saying but Nick got Up, they got a silly ass roster.


I I think of Tim, I think if they switch coaches the next One well star Five and I love tips Butts the way he coach offense is old. Yeah. Like his style is old. He Think he still got D Rose bro. Yeah he do bro. I mean he got J Brunson. Nah He do but D Rose was different. Yeah bro it was for sure He was different. Damn he's still running the same plays that same post up Zoom, I forgot what it's called. He's still running that same post up for Kat. Like he just gotta change. He gotta play faster. They play so half court slow. Yeah high. He got the athletes To do it or it's a pick and roll everything goes back into a pick and row with Jaylen Brunson like he'll throw the ball to the wing, he come back pin down right into a pick and roll with Jaylen Brunson.


It's like man using like if you ain't learned anything about the league, go look how Steph Curry plays and other people play when you got a scoring guard like him, they play off the ball, they set pin downs and back screens and shit and get other people a lot of layups like you see how many layups Draymond Green and other people used to get playing with Steph Kerr and they didn't use that recipe at all the series. Yeah so it was basically Tiff the offensive coordinator. Yeah. Back to what you was talking about with Kat though. What's the, what's the word with that? What they talking About? Oh people were just saying like they need to move Kat and I'm just like first of all y'all got to the conference finals, y'all haven't been here in 30 years. Y'all had a great season.


New York Knicks fans don't appreciate his shit bro. Well He wasn't playing defense. They wanna Fire Tibs bro. I'm like y'all just got to the conference finals, he got Y'all back Here. He might need to though bro They don't need to fire ts, they just need to hire somebody. The thing with Tibs, I love y'all know Tibs, that's my dog. I love him to death but he don't let nobody do anything. Yeah He do everything. He a one man show. Yeah like he just got coach them coaches can leave My rookie year bro. When I was coming in from the draft, he worked me out personally every day, three times a day they was like Tibs bro calm down. Like he the other assistant was like we can work 'em out. Like no like he do everything bro. Bro. He live in the gym though. No I don't mean to. You know he's hands, I don't wanna take no job away from nobody. But that might not be the the wave like y'all just said bro.


Or I just feel like t's gonna have to listen You said bring somebody in. That's what he need to do. But if he ain't, if he ain't willing to do that bro we gotta make some shit shady. But you can't fire man though. Just make to the Eastern conference finals. That sound crazy bro. Man they fired the coach of the year. Yeah but they probably lost in the first round. Yeah he ain't made to the Eastern conference finals bro. I don't know Dwayne Casey where they made it. Oh they made it pretty far. I think they Fired. Yeah they fired Crush the year coaches that having good seasons bro. But I don't, I don't think he should deserve to get fired but he definitely need to like Need to let somebody else gotta Open up some pause. But like He needs open To some new Shit like you said. Like give more least to your bench bro. Let your team help you bro. Let your coaching Help you saying we need more def, we need more depth.


I'm like is he gonna play him though? No, y'all Can go get the players Might be stuck in his ways. He is but he, he definitely need to let somebody run the offense and like there's some young creative minds on that bench over there. I've seen him, I know him, I know a couple people who can they see the game in a different way. He should just use 'em sometimes. But he caught every play. Yeah like one thing about Tibs, he gonna call that play and that play is the same one for Jaylen. Yeah. That's why I fucked with Jay Kidd though 'cause he used to let his assistants rock out bro. Like he used to let them call the plays. He used to chill in practice. He ain't even run practice bro. The assistance ran that shit. He just put his little 2 cents in here and there.


But he used them assistance bro. That's what you supposed to do. Yeah, that's what they there for. Most definitely. Lean on your staff for sure.


Listen, the NBA finals are almost here and every play could lead up to the moment that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the DraftKings sports book and the official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that code Club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's Code Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes right but on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and they did not go over well with the fans grease hold thing. It turns up sweat and auto protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool Chris and Fresh it's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser told Them from Lava for Good and the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute season one Taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Alright man, super chat Zay Fancy Sense says Yo Club. I don't know if y'all in tune with football, soccer. Y'all seen PSG won their first UC and they damn ready destroy the city prayers for Pariss. N-F-L-N-B-A fans ain't never do this. I Ain't never understand why fans do that though. When y'all win, why y'all start tearing up everything y'all not that hype because They they are. They be mad. That's crazy. Win you mad at winning at the football Shit Different. That's how I know you not a real Pacer fan bro. I'm supposed to go tear the city up. Yeah You supposed to be at Roy Storm. Prayer sticks on motherfuckers nigga you I'm Not that. Hey You know where that celebration leads to? Right around the corner Marion County. I'm Not gonna jail Get out, not going. I gonna jail. I played on Saturday.


You gonna get mo out before we came in here Today. It was gonna be shitty bro. It was funny. We went to go eat for my niece's birthday yesterday and we was talking about the Pacers and like shout out to an he fuck with the Pacers now. But he kept it real. I was like man where you was at when they was playing bro bro, he like that's bro though. See Keen said the same thing as bro though. Keenan said the same shit. So how I'm wrong? You not wrong bro. It's just, you just gotta fuck with what's going on right now. That's all it is. Gotta lock in. We know niggas wasn't fucking with the racist bro. They wasn't. But you just gotta fuck with tomorrow. I aint My boy getting crucified in the city Because he just got, I Don't give a fuck.


He just got a fuck with the moment. I don't give a fuck but I'm just asking. I just, I be just wanting to understand like But you right though bro. He right. When, when Ron and them came here what PG and them was really rocking for real? Oh yeah, everybody was, niggas had red six jerseys in There. God bro. Even in the Laker games bro. It is a total different demographic bro. Shout out to my boy Dominique Collins. Shout to Don. He he ride for the Pacers like a motherfucker right now. Boy. Every time Lakers come here you wear a whole Lakers sweatsuit. Head to toe, Head to toe. Lakers jackets, starter jackets with the it pump fake. That boy have a whole Lakers giddy up on. It's just a good moment right now bro.


I'm sick of the lies. Y'all not gonna do this bro. Bro Though Dominique is a huge, huge Lakers fan. That's a fact man. Jeff need a brown right now. He's bigger than me. Yeah, talk about He understand. Yes sir. At least, at least be like me and tell the truth. Yeah don't lie to them. He be honest bro. Nigga when I, I'm fucking with the moment. Nah, I am. I'm fucking with the papers right now. I want him to be okay. See Yeah, but what I'm saying is Nigga they was going too hard on us about that Shit. Yeah bro. I grew up a Chicago Bulls fan bro because of Michael it was the second the pastors lose, niggas gonna be talking shit bro. Oh yeah man we need some motherfucking, they gonna be like the Knicks fan man. We need to fire everybody. They gonna be talking shit. We can't never win shit around this this motherfucker man there bro.


And then next year Pacers have a bad year. They don't give a fuck bro. Motherfuckers gonna be news. I Niggas going back to the OG team A like I'm just making, I'm just making sure I've been seeing so many of those. Oh it's so lame. If you don't like the Rs from the city nigga you don't like the Pacers. Shut Up. That's my biggest problem. We like 'em now bro. Yeah that's what I didn't like, like That. That's And I'm only here to call you niggas out 'cause y'all niggas are trying to get on my head. It's you ain't really from the city like nigga I am from the city bro. They wasn't here when we had Mike Dunleavy rocking out bro. No times bro. DJ was rooting for them niggas. It was nasty times bro. Facts we had, we had Jeremy Lynn back four bro. I remember bro. DJ dark building that's dedicated. I knew got the job. I knew I know I gotta figure this shit out.


DJ was trying to, I'm trying help. He was trying to be the gm who we should trade like this over for the bro. Y'all Figure this shit Out bro. I figured this shit out bro. DJ all the engineering rooms and shit tweaking shit My boy Was locked in. None of them niggas was on came in when I was gonna work. You see how at I down for real bonus the fuck going on. Figure this Out bro. My nigga. Really? That's crazy bro. You was really doing that bro. He A real pace. He Was going to, he could really talk shit. I'ma stand for DJ every time bro. We going to pace for practice talking to D bro. That was real. I'm saying he a real Pacer fan. That's why I I only talk shit to him rest of y'all nigga. I'm not gonna even respond to y'all. Y'all wasn't in the trenches? Nah this ain't a Pace fan.


Nah, they definitely was bro. For sure. Alright. Super Chat Steph mc Mariott says I rock with Gil Pie heavy but Jeff D feel like BJ B hating or it's just content. The dude low really lame though. Damn Is Content bro. It's content though. It's it's content. I don't care. Even with Low it is content. I mean Brandon know I'm better than him so that ain't shit we me. You know Brandon know that though. Like he gonna say something about his rookie year. That's about it. We did the rundown low. It's content. I don't know nothing nigga is real. But I told y'all once before, if you can't play no more you coach, if you never played you just talk about it.


Facts and the way that nigga built, You know he ain't never play. Get started. See Steph, get your five worth because I I'm, that's what I'm on from now on. I'm just addressing shit like I like this energy real. Yeah. Summertime we on that for sure. Fuck it low you. You on my, you on the list. I Don't think people really know like we Joan and every for real. Yeah so sometimes when y'all go y'all think it's content, y'all don't know how real Somebody gonna get good. We will roast shit out. You bro every take away basketball we gonna go the other way. Like yeah fuck you low. I know you can't play basketball so they don't even reason talk to basketball with you.


I would talk about how you built like Low don't get Low niggas. I know you don't. Yeah I know you Don. Who you sit in front of that chair it eat snacks nigga and watch niggas who say You know how I'm gonna get it But shout out to Low. Shout to Low And that's what we do. Shout niggas, shout out to playback. Get well soon in Super Chat. Say well you guys in any of the vi guys on the pod, Colin, Richard Sherman and Nick Wright possibly stay tuned bro. I ain't know they was on the volume. Listen, if if if volume we just get K Kher on the show you'll be the first. No get well soon we'll report back.


Desmond Harrison Super Chat says hey shout out to y'all. Best pot out here. Shout out to coach T Reso this weekend. He looked the same without his kid hooping against Mo. Shout out Pops shout. Shout out G shout Desmond Harrison Super chat. Jay Miller three said with Dame and Tatum's injuries are the Nicks and Pacers the best team in the East going into next season. Just say the Pacers don't say the Knicks next to us no more. Oh yes the roll through the east coast, through Indiana. You know the vibes. Yeah they probably are the best teams. So that's a real question though 'cause I'm trying to think who else is left. We don't know what the 76 ERs gonna be next year if they're healthy. That's still a respectable team for sure. I mean the buck still got be honest, that's still enough to make some shit happen for sure.


The Knicks I they're gonna be good next year. Again. I Cleveland. That's really my question mark. There we go. Because they're in trade rumors. What about them Pistons and them Magic boys though. Pistons on they way magic is too bro. This is way too early to ask this question but fuck are we here? Who do you think gonna have a better season next year? Magic or Pistons? I think That's a Good question. I think the magic. I think the magic would've been a top five C if they didn't get hurt like you said. And also I've seen, You know, some possibilities to them moving guards around. I also seen the A proposal, we'll talk about it more tomorrow, but regarding Darius Garland and Jalen Slugs. Oh yeah. And I like that we'll talk about it but like you said, the magic was a hell of a team before they got injured and Detroit found their way. They found a good rotation, they found a solid quarter of build or they got a little bit of money they can spend too.


It'd be interesting for both of those. But I like, I like the magic right now. But I think the Pistons could do more because they gonna have flexibility and I think a lot of people will rock out with Kate before they go to Orlando. I mean neither one of those season hot destination marks. But I'm going to Orlando before I go to the Pistons though. Yeah I'm keep, the beans are hot bro. Shit Stay healthy all And no stay income tax. I don't wanna live in and I got Palo. Yeah he stay healthy all year bro. I don't know They need, they need like a scoring guard off the bench. Somebody. I mean I know they got Cole Anthony. I Don't send Benedict Ma to the magic bro. Ooh Shit. Or Nikhil Alexander Walker. Yeah go. I see one of them. Sorry, I was also thinking like a Colin Sexton, somebody like that who would come in off the bench. He gonna play hard defense and he could score.


It's tough For him to leave. Yeah like one of them like Nikhil, he showed me some shit off the bench this year. I think he'll fit in good with the magic. Most definitely. I think Jordan Clarkson fit in cool with the magic perfectly. They need one of them for sure. We'll talk more about that tomorrow. We got a lot of theory talk to talk about for sure. Preach at the question. Are there theater games to the super check says when y'all gotta get moot from the kids table to the adult table. Disrespect me, Keep that name. He the little brother bro. He the little, he the young in here bro. He ain't even 30. That nigga still got Similac on his breath. ISS smooth The real iso. Oh that was really him too. That nigga used to stay is s Nah for sure.


Season two. We got some dope shit coming this summer. Stay tuned. Appreciate the question for show back in the super chat again. Do Smith says, okay see Finn sweep the Pacers. How they getting taken away by Caruso endured. They had to guard Ja ish and and Randall how they gonna be like work for the Pacers also having seen wings like OKC, we'll talk about more that match up this week but you got us completely fucked up. We also play players that are just as good as Shay Gil as Alexander. We had to deal with a nuclear Don Mitchell. We had to deal with a Yohan Depo. We had to deal with the Knicks getting 80 from both players in Brunson and also Kat. Y'all don't have two people who can get 80 together. So we'll see y'all that's there Thomas. And the super chat says, man what is Brooklyn do with Camp Thomas and Nick Claxton?


Should they get packaged to Golden State? It could just run it up for DPOY last year or two. Yeah, I don't know what they're gonna do because I think they waited too long to move some of those assets. You know we talked about Camp Thomas and those picks that they was looking for. If you're not getting that Mikhail Bridges five First Rock pick ever again. No that was a crack head deal that took place. It's not gonna happen. I ain't gonna say nothing but unlikely they got a lot of assets to help other teams. Y'all see them making some moves this off season. They should. I mean Brooklyn is, that's where you go to die right now about say who Really want to Go there. Yeah, that's a nice watch for sure. Yeah, that's where you go to die. That's crazy How they fell off so fast bro. Brooklyn was fall Off bro. Niggas don't really want to go There. But I'm saying they was lit though bro.


They tried. They had three of the best players in the NBA on one team bro. And and look how they treated every single one of them. That shit Still was mid bro. Them niggas should have went, went to the Knicks bro. It Would've been, I swear if they was at the Knicks It would've been turned up bro. You know what's crazy? I agree. I agree with that. If, if ownership acted now had they acted a couple years ago, they would've went there. 'cause I think they said that was probably the biggest factor in that. Look At the Knicks team right now. Imagine them three niggas. Oh my God. Oh my God bro. KD Curry and James and the Knicks bro and all of them have had Set that shit on fire. They'll still be there today. What bro, they've all had great season since All Star season Sinces. All of them are all stars since then, bro. They, they would've won a chip bro With Blake Griffin. They would've made them win a chip for sure Bro.


I would've tried to get on that team Gonna lie to you for real crazy bro. We just saw Kyrie killed in the finals last year, bro. If they would've just been cool with him not getting the COVID shot and gave him some tour Ramadan, they would've been lit, right Bro, I would've been, I tried to go to the Knicks. That shit would've been so tight you to the Knicks man. What that that was my last YouTube. Soon as I got out of Boston I would've New York. Y'all need a backup shit Movie bro. That been some times what? You know what the cor the man, You know what course would've look like? Yeah man. Kyrie James you say the Stars right now. Magic KD bro. I mean KD James Hart and they went against Bro Ky Come on man. It would've bro. Makers made it to the finals against the Knicks.


Knicks. That'd have been crazy bro. Mm for sure they fumbled that bro. They shouldn't have went to Brooklyn bro. Damn. Shout to the super chat. A nice dooms day. Said shout to Paul George for sending these teams to the finals. PAs out a real playoff P, which I'd rather have Rick Klaw or Mark D as your coach. Yes. This is definitely the Paul George finals for sure. That's a good question. Look like Either one of 'em, shit. They both, Yeah. I can't go, You know I've been critical of Rick I year but listen, they both turned up at the right times. Yeah, I probably play, I wanna play for Mark. I ain't gonna lie. Mark let the young young boys rock out. Rick is nothing on that. You gotta prove yourself. But Rick still got some old headways For sure. Yeah, for sure. But he, he probably the best old coach that I've seen adapt.


Yeah. Like everybody else still kind of struggle. Who a old coach still in the league, obviously Tibs and after that I can't really think of too many old coaches. They kind of get got put out. Yeah, For sure. Like Pop Pop was the last one, but he Yeah, doc. Doc been around. Yeah. But mm, after that, nah. A lot of younger people or relatively not the old coaches for sure. Yeah, well like you said, both teams in the final can't lose to either one, but Mark D definitely plays the younger gospels. Show salute to. Alright. I remain under pressed as Tee. You should get a highly jersey inspiration. That's crazy. Why would I be inspired by that Nasty question.


A WTC said y'all can go live during the finals and I recap after the game like y'all said y'all did last at week. Yes. We'll be giving you some post game analysis for sure. You know we got to since the patience in the finals for sure. Alright man. Move it along man. And the W this weekend my favorite. Yeah, Scott took care of the wings man. Okay we back the sky, they back they back. I don't know what they are back to but let's go back to the stage again for me. They got two wings. Eric Atkins had 26 and four. Angel Reese had 14 to nine. Alyssa Smith shout to her former fever player had 20 and five and Enrique had 15 and four. The Liberty stay undefeated and put belt to fucking ass against the Connecticut Sun.


A hundred to 52 second largest margin victory in the history of the w. I would love to see what first is if four Nap. How does that happen bro? At one point bro, it was like 90 something to 20 something. It was really nasty. They, the Connecticut, they traded all their pieces last year. The team is for sale. They're going through shambles. They're clearly trying to get the number one pick. We, I hope Juju don't have to go there. If they make you go to the Sun, stay at USC Queen. But You know who the worst team they got Beat the worst. Crazy. Yeah, shout out to the Fever. They got their ass beat by the links in 2017. They Had a whip though. That was Maya Morris too I believe. Simone Augustus. Simone Augustus. Yeah. I don't care bro. Losing about 60 was raw as hell.


Y'all, both of 'em was cold. Maya Morris, They was winning championships and shit back then bro. We both are professional basketball teams. You right bro. But that Team was different. Said we are, There's no way we should be losing that. Minnesota Links team was different bro. Six. Yeah, I mean they're one of the best scenes. But that's Up there with 25, a 60 piece that's up there with the Houston Commons bro. Back in the there bro. 25. We can lose about 25. We can't get 60 piece. Yeah, I don't know that Them two girls. It's insane bro. That's one of the best back courts ever bro. This why nobody won. Watching Moore and Simone. Augusta and they had Sylvia Fowles. They had a Wi bro that was a championship roster and they had what's the white guard Actually wasn't cold bro. What was the white point guard her name? I know what you talking about. She was a little feisty one. Yeah.


Damn. I Can't, she went to Minnesota. She went to Minnesota. She used to throw dimes too. It's pissing me off. I can't think of her name right now. It's not Katie. Is it? What? Damn. What's her name? It's pissing me off. We'll look it up Lindsay. Is it Lindsay Wayland or something like that? I'm making it up. Did Lindsay Wayland play for now? Minnesota Links. We hear that We we got show respect. Yeah, We, Because I'm sorry because I'm mad. I got her name messed up right now. She was actually cold. What the fuck? Here we go. We never paid for the premium stuff. We Gotta pay for the good prescription. There we go. Yeah, Lindsay was the dog I really tapped in man. What the fuck. Yeah, Lindsay Wayland was throwing dimes out there for sure.


She was a Big guard too. Yeah, She was cold. She had, she had a little something back there out them bro. For sure. All let's move on. No, don't, don't Acknowledge it. Don like chick off the Parker On me. 5 9 1 70. You heavy. Oh yeah. You said she'd be like, Kim Parker is crazy at PG little white girl off the Parker. Oh no, no, no. Oh. Shout to Freestyle Unity. Not that one. She was nice though. Shout out to Freestyle Unity. She was cool. She was nice though. No, she got buckets for show Man. Shout out to her. Moving on. We going to go to the Mercury. They took care of the Sparks man. Man Sparks ain't doing so well until you need to tap in. Be here. Your favorite tattoo Ali? She been going crazy.


Yeah, 24 9. Ossey Sim showed up. She had 32 for la, You know what I'm saying? Kelsey Plum had 15 to six and Derrick Hamby had 15. My two favorite players. Man, what y'all doing out there? I two Ali they lost to the ACEs too the other day. Yo, I'm, I'm about to. I'm about to get a new team. Speaking of the ACEs took care of the storm. 75 to 70 Asia Wilson had 19 to 70. Gabby Williams had 20 and four for Seattle and the Lynx remain undefeated know NV Fesa professor colleague going crazy again. 24 in the 11 Williams had 20 and five. Veronica Burton for the IES had 21 in five. Alright. Met back in the super chat with it be He is from Quay. He says be hen couldn't have seen Tyrese thinking that he won an A VP award.


He would've said something by now. Damn. Yeah, that was crazy bro. Oh we that we was gonna get him. Well soon. I did. I did. I thought he was, I knew he was gonna talk about that. I did. He had to get real song. You know you were, we'll talk about it later in the show for show man. I did bro. I just didn't tweet about it. I, I felt bad for my nigga when he walked up said man this nigga, that's what he wanted to say. He, You know what's crazy that fucked this whole little moment up bro whole thing. I don't think it did. I started to ask him about that but I was like, You know what, winning celebration mode, I'm gonna lead the bullshit. Nah. Yeah, yeah. But I started to ask him about hey what you was on, because I know that ain't your first step. Ain't that fast my nigga. But nah, but they, the camera, what made it bad was the camera was right on. They thought he won too.


Yeah. Nah. And shout to Tyree. That's my dog. But that was Pascals for sure. Yeah. Yeah. He wanted to see his dad run down when he got it. He was like pop pop was, you see his little when he did come down though, Hey you see my boy come down the stairs and crack? Yes. He like, he look like Jay USA on Mero. Hey somebody put the what's with my homie from WWE e Seth, what's his name? Rolls. Yeah. They put his music though. The theme music when he walked down was fired. Y'all played too much Man. K guy. Period. The super Jas said T you think Nas Re does is stretch big the Warrior's knees side note man you and it at the camping C where y'all were at Wake been a fan ever since. All appreciate it. Shout Toku his guy period. Oh yeah, he'd be dope for that team.


He the perfect stretch for can dribble pass shoot Athletic. Yeah, he gonna be a sought after player this summer. Most definitely. Man Oz Reed declined that player option get paid Mike Boy.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bring it back to that OG cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify. The thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast. Focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain because It's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is That. Listen to Made for This mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes. But there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser told them From Lava for Good and the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Alright man, let's go on to the MLB scores. We got the Rangers, they took care of the cartels eight to one, the Red Socks took care of the Braves three to one Orio took care of the socks. Three to two. Your Braves going through it right now. Yeah, they ain't like the Rockies but shit. Yeah, you and Ko man y'all going through it right now. The brewers took care of the Phillies. Five to two Blue Jays took care of business against the athletics. Eight to four. The guardians took care of the angels. Four to two, the mess defeat the Rockies. Five to three The Giants, You know what I'm saying? Four to two against the Marli Tigers with a shutout against the Royals. One Zero the Astro secure the Rays one zero. Another shutout Cubs put belt to ass against the red.


Seven Cub to three. The Mariners defeat the twins. Two to one. The Diamondbacks took care of the nationals. Three to one. Shout out to the D backs getting back on board. We've been looking to ass and y'all see why I got my, go ahead. Oh yeah, go ahead. Padres defeat the pirate 64 and last of certainly not least, the Yankees took care of the Dodge seven. Yeah, the Yankees got on the dodger as Yankees had to get some get back Danny. Get some get back. O Tony smacked them. They smack 18 p killed their ass. But that's why I got my hat on today. They got on their ass but we bounced back. We you, you a Diamondback fan bro. Yeah, unfortunately. You know what I'm saying. We, we, we had a late run, I mean early runs but it's been quieter since man. But shout to the DBAs. That's the game. Yeah, they had to, they had to fight back because they been getting smoke.


Yeah. I was tired of reporting one the morning show of us getting our ass whooped last week. So happy to bounce back with a dub For sure. Yeah. I like, I keep saying I, I want them to just move to Rockies to triple A bro. They are awful bro. Every time I wake up and I'm be like, lemme go check out the MLB man demoing at MLB. Tell them nigga triple, triple is crazy bro. Go. They play. Go look at they go check out the Rockies real quick. Look at they motherfucking standards. They they they sad. Oh yeah. Well you've never seen nothing like that. They're standing alone for sure. It's the, it's like the worst in MLB history. They sad for sure they worse than old buddies and them from last year. I forgot who was trash and it and it is not getting better. Look at that bro. It's not getting better. Yeah, nine and 50 and they still got a lot of games. I had played 60 games and don't have double digit wins.


That is nasty. Worst 2000 clippers For sure. For sure. Except for they don't have Darius. Man, ain't no celebrations out in Colorado right now. Ain't nobody we like out there. Yeah bro. It's just rocky pack all over the world right now. 50 and them days. Them some long days bro. What doubleheaders all type of shit. Y'all just know you're about to get your ass beat. That is nasty work man. Give us some. That's how I felt when we was in Minnesota my second year. How does the MLB draft work? I don't know shit about it. It's like it's a bunch of rounds. It's a lot of rounds. I mean I'm talking about so far like will they for sure get the number one pick? Oh I think, I think it worked like that. I don't know. Nine 50 they need it. Yes. They automatically Get it. They need every stimulus package they can get. Okay. Because we gotta see, we gotta see if we can see.


We gotta start happening in, we gotta see if the MLB is rigged like the NBA. I'm pretty sure it is. It's professional sports bro. Yeah, but the different part about the MLB stuff is that, You know what I'm saying? You have draft picks, they still go to college, they get stabbed other places. You have people who get called up from the aaas and stuff like that. It ain't like, it's very rare you gonna have like a rookie just go straight to that. That don't happen like that. Nah, silly. You gotta be, you gotta be like one of the And you're still gonna go play through the minors before you get there. Yeah. And you gotta be o or something bro. You gotta be crazy Bro. He's so good. Baseball. Yeah, he's, he's, I don't even know how you like I got so much respect for baseball players. 'cause like we said we gonna have B he, y'all know B he going to the bad cages here soon. Yeah, I'm on my way back get Right.


Cece's aio, he's been sending me YouTube videos To get right but like You know Cece was a pitcher. He didn't really hit much but Nah, he got kids though play. You Know he locked in up but the like hit that ball going 90 miles per hour bro. You think That's the hardest thing to do in sports? Yes. Yeah I want to have on football Equipment That or golfing. Whoa, you think that's a hard thing to do? Sports hitting A baseball bro. Hell yeah. Professional pitch bro. Bro I'm gonna be fully suited and booed. It's people that Every day that can't hit that ball bro. No, no. I'm not ever slighting it. I swap Respect. Walk out there and try to hit that ball. We gonna look crazy Man. We gonna look around crazy. That's the hard, it gotta be the hardest thing to do in sports. Yeah, I might do it. 360 trying to hit a baseball.


There's No way possible or either that or trying to kick a field goal. Yeah but a hundred miles an hour come match You bro. Nah, you'll kick a field goal before you hit the baseball. Swear to you hitting baseball From a professional. The best pitcher in the world. You're not hitting, you're not hitting off o throwing. Oh no. You got a better chance If you're going like that then no then nah. But I'm Saying but that's how, that's how they looking At it. But kicking a field goal with them big ass niggas running at you. Nah for real. But you have a better chance of that. You have a Hitting a baseball bro. O Tony throwing the ball at you bro. You get him nigga going. You gonna Move bro? Yeah. Yeah I think, I think I could hit a baseball before I could hit a field. Go. I'm gonna ask y this question and this has Nothing. Who throwing it to you? DJ son. If they throwing me Reese, I'm gonna take him to he going yard.


But I'm saying like, hey Reese, watch it in. Remember this 10 years from now I'm going yard on Reese. But I'm saying like if he throw me a fastball a regular, I think I could make contact with the ball before I could kick a field goal with them. Dudes in front of that. You crazy Set something like this up Bro. Yeah you could butt, I Really don't Think you Can do that. I'm talking about like putting all that equipment on, playing football and somebody, what We used to do at elementary field day, we need to have a field day, a five 20 field day. Somebody that could pick, we Invite the whole city out. We invite, we tell Reese, we can tell Cheatham to come here and throw a fast ball and then we tell best Zaire and them put some equipment on and bust through this line and try to see if you could, I could kick a field goal with you tackling.


I feel like I could Kick the field goal before I can hit a baseball bro. I asked y'all this question. Would y'all rather take a hit through the middle playing football? No, not taking a hit or a baseball to the ridge. I I would rather do the Oklahoma drill with Lawrence Taylor hit before I get hit with a baseball bro. Baseball hurt Though. I'll take a tackle. I'm taking, I'm taking the tackle over the, The baseball going a Gimme. The tackle tackle's worse bro. I Think you could make contact with the ball man. 94 miles per hour bro. Eventually probably if you work on your game you could bust. But just going out there raw bro. Bro, I watch baseball people strike out constantly bro. Yeah Bro. Bro I think nigga The score was just one zero bro. They Do but I think I could tap like I ain't saying I'm going hit a home run number. I think I can make contact with the ball Before bro.


You a hell of an athlete bro. Harder but yeah. Oh I know. I think it's the hardest thing but I think kicking a field go I, Ooky, Bett said it is impossible for a regular person to hit a a major league baseball. I Believe you. And that's just a fast ball. A nigga throw a change up at you, you're gonna die. He said I'm One of the best people in baseball and I struggled to hit that shit and I do this every day. He said I swear to God y'all won't hit not one. Not one. But think about believe. I believe him too. But think about kicking a field goal. Niggas lost they families 'cause the field goals. I mean they had bro. But I just Think you, 'cause you're gonna make contact with the ball so eventually you gonna get that motherfucker over the and You're going to have a chance to make contact every time. Yeah. Baseball, you not Missed that ball.


I said hitting a field goal. I ain't saying you just kicking that motherfucker. I said if I could make contact and get it up, if I can do it a couple times, I probably Something coming at you 94 miles per hour Bro. That's flying bro. Yeah because most of the kids, your Nerves gonna kick in bro. If it's Fastball. Yeah I Think you can make contact with it. You make contact with like if they start throwing curve and shit. I don't believe that because I could throw fast balls but I could throw this bitch outside corner and you're not gonna hit it. I could throw it inside corner. Fuck a hundred miles down the good. I think I could make contact man. I want do this now bro. Yeah We locked it. I really, I think we need to have a five 20 field day. Come on. Just what I think I can make contact kick ball if you let me get a hundred swings fast ball down the middle, I can make contact. I ain't saying I'm a hit that motherfucker ball.


Who? Who you going against though? Oh one. You going against A league? Whoever You could hit one on all time. Just one. I'm saying I can all fastballs. Yeah. Yeah. Swear to God I I could make contact. I I could make contact if we go to a bad cage and put it on 80. It's Paid 600 million For a reason bro. But y'all saying we hit a whole run. I think I could make it might be an accident. I can swing every time. I can swing every Time. Yeah, yeah. Yes. I'm gonna hit the ball bro. One time bro. Alright we gonna move on five 20 Field day on the way you seen it here first don't Jo, the ideas we probably, but I'm probably never gonna hit a field goal. Probably never. Those are two really hard things. Yeah but you Could hit a field goal bro. I prob it is.


You can hit a field goal. Don't worry. We Gonna put this, put this all to the test. I can't wait till we put a reel up next to this. It's gonna be amazing content. For sure, for sure. Alright man, we go, goes back to super chat for a second. All right. I remain. Press this first. Pure point Indiana worth paying leads him to a ring not inspired with the Halliburton nigga. Muon. Shout out to Tyree. That's our goal. It's the same nigga. Yes, jc. Hey man listen, go back to him now. Trying to save you. I'm unimpressed two nigga. Take it out your mouth nigga. God damn crazy. Like No Mike, look at him like this is crazy at you. He didn't use curse words.


I'm I'm not but bro you should take out his mouth. That's crazy. He said it so. Yeah, But bro you YouTube y'all see how I get treated on my own shit bro that's not gonna be flag. He gets crazy. That's not getting flag Bro. He didn't sit $20 to talk about being inspired by Tyrese. Halliburton bro. Get some sleep bro. Get a girl, get some sleep. Rub her back. Shit it put like do something different bro. If you would've said that Would've been crazy because he would've said take his lock in Catino. He would've Said take his joint out your mouth. God bro.


We did already Ain't never told nobody pulled the wood. That's crazy. I ain't suck You. You as shit Saying You as shit. He Said words better you, way more graphic in your, I'm just saying bro. I guess some sleep bro. Unimpressed bro. My boy K Burg this morning. Alright, JM C the super said Marcus I'm tap me. How good was Malcolm Thomas on this summer league that year? How old was CJ Fair when he left Syracuse? Damn. CJ Ferre was 25. Shout to CJ Fair Headbed Killer Thomas was cold though. He had Bounce. He used to catch a lot of, he went to San Diego. He played with Quad? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah I remember him shout out to him. He was solid him. He was another dude who went to San Diego who had all the kicks.


It was the James Franklin, something like that. Yeah, yeah he was nice too. They had a whip. Yeah he playing. He be in China. He gave yeah, little money for sure man. Shout out to them. Alright man, before we got here it is Jamal Franklin. Jamal Franklin. Excuse me. No disrespect. I don don't motherfuck name my brother. I was gonna let it ride up before. Nah, thank you for fixing that for me. Back to the topic for the game man. The Pacers. How big is this final run being for the city? Man The biggest the Biggest bro. It's energy back in the city right now man. Yeah I ain't gonna lie. That Saturday it was Bobby going up. It looked like it was really, really Bobby. Yeah. I'm telling y'all Tyrese won this championship. I wish it was.


I like the Pacers but they just like I we always say they cathedral ard. I wish this was more like a little rah rah team because it'd be felt different but bro he gonna be the best pacer ever bro. Yeah, I wish it was Stack Jack in them years. Yeah. Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. It would been a whole different vibe. Nah for sure bro. Nah for sure man. The city is, see I could, I never could hate on that pacer team. I'm not hating on this pacer team either. But that team right there, it just felt like from the area that I'm, from what I see every day they, I felt like that. Yeah, they Was relatable bro. Sure. Yeah man this is, listen, like we said as a pacer fan, nobody envisioned us going to the finals this year. No, nobody, this has been a hell of a ride.


We started off 10 and 15, we were ass, we had crazy injuries. So the fact that we even had the strong season run, it's already good enough. Tyrese passed. That's when niggas start sound like they about to lose. Oh Pace at six don't get it. We we can start when you start saying, when you start saying my Nigga, I know what DJ said. Yeah I'm just saying for listen we already, they already got the city cracking. They overachieved for Sure. Yeah we in the finals it is fucking up. So they get swept in the finals. We're not getting swept. You not gonna put hold. I didn't say all y'all. Yeah I my fault. Go ahead. We Can't even put that. I'm saying if they get swept in the final, is it like damn we got swept where it's like nah good fucking year. Y'all like I'm gonna be like Damn we got swept.


Nah, we got swept sad as hell but I'm gonna be like good year too. Shit. But we can't get swept. Nah, That's not impossible. Nah, you Didn't Swept is sad bro. We might well not even made it. Yeah You Swept is embarrassing. Yeah. Show up. Win the game. You on a national stage. Hoop out let me, you left to win a game. What'd you say? I'm unimpressed. I'm gonna drop 50 when they win a chip. Stay hot. That ain't enough Nigga. If you really balling nigga drop a thousand in there. Show up. Don't don't talk shit to be a 50. What 50 going to do? We can't even get no wings in here. We can't even order no wings to watch the game. Drop a thousand in the check. That is not a DoorDash order at all. Yeah, we can't even get no damn, we can't even get a 50 piece from Wings. Stop with 50. Yep. Drop a thousand in here.


If you gonna talk to me, He gonna talk spicy Pay what you Hey what You know for show. That's it. That can't even get you into the Hendricks experience. No. Yes it can. No you going party talk about your old shit. Leave my party. Oh okay. You can get in. You can't buy a drink. Yeah you can drink specials bro. Cut the clothes that That 50 gonna stretch you. You gonna get half a shot y'all. You ain't buying her a drink but you'll get you a drink. That's about it. Shout and while we here man, shout to my boy. Be here. Shut down the city in the Vogue. Yesterday ain't Party went crazy. That was a Good time man. Shout out to everybody that pulled up. Shout out to Travis Porter. I appreciate y'all.


Like for sure, for sure. I forgot how many bangers they had bro. They got Some heat bro. They went crazy and they actually performed too. Yeah. So yeah, shout out to all the girls in there twerking and shit. You know reminiscing from bang Your grind. Yeah make, make saw a lot of Air Force t-shirts in there. I've seen the old school vibes in there. I've seen the energy high as hell. Alright, HWTC. The super check is to return to serve from Serena Williams Strong as gotta be up there too. Tennis has to be a top. Yeah, I like that top hardest sport. I agree. Yeah. Yeah. I could probably make con, I don't, I could probably make contact with a surf if she just throwing surfing it too life. She start putting that spin on there. I don't know. They said Return it Though. You gotta return it. I'm sure you could get there but To return it. Oh I say I can make contact.


I ain't say I was gonna return it. I have Hundred trash. He could return it. I mean a nigga can move, he could move. Y'all two are like superior athletes. I went down, I get there but I he can, he can move. Nah, nah. Have you Seen her hit the, the Ball before? Yeah, but I, I see y'all all respect To go so Y'all lot to remove is decent bro. Y'all Is fired. Like return a return one from a man, a professional thin player is probably that much Harder. That was freaking Michael said that by the way too. Not anybody in this. I mean That's, you gotta say the best's physics Though. Nah, Nah that's True. That is physics. But like I probably couldn't return to return it back. What? Mike said that not us. So you Think, you think it is harder to hit the baseball? We respect sports in this show. That probably is harder than hitting the best one.


I say it's harder because You have to get there and then yeah Return It if Y'all did that a hundred, if y'all did that a hundred times, bro. Y'all can do that over somebody throwing the ball 94 miles per hour at y'all. No, but I'm standing there, I'm Standing there one inch in front of the plate and I I was successful. Yeah, Roger Federer is burning through Nets boy. I get over there man. Yeah I, I swear To Rocky and the dolls shit up on that plate. I'm not touching the Baseball from old tiny bro. You not, I'm not nipping the ball. You not return, you not returning from Roger Federer. You not returning I Don't think. I don't think so either. Not even from Serena. Man. Shout to the ghosts in they sports. Not Serena either. Nah you not. That's dope for sure. But the little motherfucker that play a pike, I won't smoke the JB player.


I, I got a chance with him. I'm something on that. Okay. A high school baseball Player. I'm hitting off them. Oh yeah. 50 Tries Smack I can hit off. Oh yeah, baseball? Yeah because they probably not throwing over eight. How Many times outta 50? I don't know. I can get one for sure. Hate to swing every time. Yes. The best pitcher in Indiana. 10 15. The best picture in Indiana probably silly Bro. Yeah, he probably thought 90 10. He probably throw 90. You gotta go your average. I need somebody. That's cool bro. Is A kid in Brownsville right now to fuck us up. I can hit a 90 bro. All right. We gonna see me. I say I go yard. I'm saying I can make contact. Yeah. You getting out the field from a High school kid? I can make contact. Oh time. No, no I, I say I can make contact. It might be a ground ball. It might be a foul ball.


I can hit it. Respect. Oh man I can't wait. It's gonna be fun to see when we do that content, the out-of-pocket writing show says DJ, would you rather have Prime J or Prime R Test for this series. Verse O KC riding my scene like the answer be Shay for show gonna foul out Ron by the second quarter for this particular series. As much as I respect Ron Artes, I would love to have Jermaine O'Neal in this series. Facts, his pick and probability the way that he played and also people underweight Jermaine O'Neil's defense a lot. Jermaine O'Neal was a really good defender but Tyree the way he comes off them screens and J o's iq they would murder shit but Ron shit. Yeah iso you and you and Shay figure it out. You see how he did James hard. We need you to do that to Shay. If it don't work out by game two, God damn.


Yeah for real. Secure the bag one way or another. It it's that serious Bro. And that Lou Dodo want nothing to do with Ron. We gonna win that mental edge all the time. For sure. Alright, Verified Buckets be here. Who was getting to it this weekend? Man, I'm gonna give with the Halliburton man. I kind of feel like he really should have got that. See I come killed but I think that should be like for the entire playoffs and I think Halliburton is the MVP just me 2113 at six. My boy showed up. Y'all think that he should have got that too? Hmm? No I thought it was used conference. I think. I think see Yaka deserved it bro. You had 30 a couple times bro. I'm talking about I think the award should be for the entire playoffs. Oh. Oh you mean all beef? Yeah, yeah. No see how come you did your thing? I'm talking about this should be to me it should switch up to who killed to get us here.


Nah, That's a Fact. If you're going the entirety of the postseason run, well a hundred percent because that was that's What, that's what I'm saying. First two rounds. It was a little shaky for my do piece skills but he showed up what we needed him too. But yeah, like Halliburton is the reason why nah fact end is here. Yeah, I feel that for sure. I feel that. Like you said just my boy back. Yeah bro why you doing that? What did he say? He Talking about my boy emotional Jeff. Well he so emotional back for a band. Come on you a chat. This dude, y'all tell me getting bad. Why keep doing this? He said be grateful. What's wrong with this? Be grateful for the crazy Begging for a bed. Lucky authority is wild. Wild. Alright man. I, I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let you breed this Target.


I'm about to call you out your name but Is it, I want to ask, I know we just do so much of the show, but is it a way that people can video call us in, we look at these people, We can send them a link. Send this nigga. We need to start doing this is gonna be crazy. Yeah, we're gonna get thousands of people. No, I want, I want him out. Well basketball's only play three days apart now. So we got some time. I, I will unimpressed. I call him he this on Instagram because I know he at his job right now and we'll send you a link. Probably work at Fastenal Cussing us out. That's fine bro. That's, We be careful now we know what you look like all Said. Oh yeah, we need that. Yeah I need, I Wanna start seeing these people. I wanna see him. If you tapped in the Patreon it'd be way easier for us to send you a link. But tap the Patreon. We can send you a tap the pat shout the Patreon for sure.


What is it? $8 a month? Yeah. You didn sent us 30. Yeah we got tears for everybody Tap in. He said be grateful. Be grateful. It's crazy. Alright. Some more Verified Buckets over the weekend man. T who you got? You know I've been tapping into the WA little bit. Professor Collier like you Said's probably gonna be the MVP yo. She been hooping man. They undefeated right now. I'm gonna give her my verified bucket for the last week. Going crazy. Has 24 and 11 mooc. Who you got Ride with y'all said aka. Yes sir. Nah we didn't. I'm gonna ride with AKA man. MVP Yo 31 5 and three man let's get this chip man. Come On man. I seen AKA out here pushing Cat off the block, getting fade away as my boy was killing.


He is the reason why we are going to the finals last Sunday. Lot least Odyssey. Sims went crazy. 32 5 Ed four get well soon and she still holding it down in the league. Still holding it down. Test of time be here. Who needs some encouragement this Monday morning? Please play my boy Tyrese. The finals MVP. This is crazy. I'm predicting it. Okay. I like the energy Pascal aka go back. Look At these shepherd mustache. He look like Jamar. Shout To Jamar man. Nah, look at it now. You can't be fake hype now do it again.


And That MVP Is Pascal ian. He skipped a lot. Hey He probably ain't give a fuck though to be honest. Hell no. Like you said, go get that finals. MVP my boy. That stuff in that zoom in is wild. Yeah, that's, that's what got it. Turn the sports out pocket. Those are my dog. Like that man he had, he took his hand off his arm and shit like yeah hold on I gotta go get something real quick. Look at it. I gotta get something real quick. Watch out me Slide. I ain't after my dog like that man. Shout to Pete Skills bro. Phones MVP. Alright, what we got next? Oh yeah man highlights man inside the NBA one of my favorite skits.


Man. Obvious Get him Kenny. Damn. Hey Red Sha chair. That's a big bull. Oh my god. That's seven. Seven foot 300. That's back in the day. Sprint. Shout to Sprint man. RIP man. That is hilarious. Wow.


We Boost Mobile game. They used to be together man. Used to go in the Sprint store. Get my Boost Mobile on the side man. And I stand alone. We watching this shit Get well soon. Us get well soon. I love Boost Mobile. Get well soon. That's not even a thing no more. It is. No it's not bro. It's not even around no more bro. Nah. Yeah. RP the Sprint for sure. Boost Mobile. Who we rocking with last and certain not least man. Get well soon. The sun getting Pit Ball. Even say God bless the dead on this show. That's crazy Because we Boost Mobile. You know the vibes man. They still alive. Hey 25 nationwide. You know the vibes. 5G unlimited talk text that attack in with Boost Mobile. You know we locked in. What's the three, what's the first three months being $15 a Month. Come on, we know you got the hot machine. We come straight to 25 right After that. I'll remain under Precious Pay for everybody at Boost Mobile. Man. Shout out to you. We appreciate you. We locked in in Boost Mobile. We'll be back same time tomorrow. Five 20 In The Morning.


The volume


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


The Made for This Mountain podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during mental health awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and I get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser Incorporated. I Get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. This Kind of star studded a little bit, man. We met them at their homes. We met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen To new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. This is an iHeart podcast.