
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a round up of the week's top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay, each week we will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on LA tablet. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


And you will be glad you did The Volume. Good morning. Happy Thursday. Five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show. Listen, First time in the history of this show. We got a special guest man, but he's no guest. We got fan me in the building. You know what I'm saying? Introduce my man's laugh. You know how I'm, I'm the host. DJ Wells joined us morning over my two brothers to my left Bishop Hendricks. To my right, my brother t fellas. How y'all doing? What's happening bro? Cool, cool, cool man. Yesterday we apologized for the technical difficulties. It got wicked in the studio. So, you know what I'm saying? We had to come back even better for y'all. We got family in the building. All the baby big dog. Appreciate you pulled up on it this morning bro. Cousin.


The cousin. You, the First time y'all had to guest on the morning show, yo, that was definitely you. The first had to be me bro. Yeah, what happened yesterday? Alright man, what I'm saying, somebody clipped us. Yeah, clipped the wifi. We got an offer for where we was working at and all of a sudden the wifi started going out. You know what I'm saying? Conspiracy theory. Yeah. He got real wick. He ran over the wires and shit. So respect. We appreciate y'all. We missed Y as well. Man. Listen, a lot of basketball took place yesterday. Steph went crazy. That's the way to get the words back to 500. They took care of T Wolf. One 16 to one 15 Close, close game feet, fellas, please tell me. Y'all saw that yesterday? Yeah. Watch I, I seen them TikTok. I take that's real game. The Golden State Warriors man, they played a hell of a game the first quarter, man.


They was beating the hell out of them. They was locking up, playing good. You could tell they was in rotation. You could tell they was kind of dedicated and trying to prove people wrong since it's been a lot of talk about them in the mediation. Should they break up, rebuild and all that stuff. So they came out ready to play but Minnesota bounced back in that second half, second quarter they started playing well and Edwards started being himself and the game got kind of good and you know Steph had to do with Steph does at the end of the game for sure. Man, listen crazy stat line, send the video. Ae had 28 8 yesterday for sure. Zo bounced back. He been playing well since they got him in the start lineup and put Mike on the bench. 28, 9 and six. Wicked hat 24 and Ling crazy man. 31 7 12 and 3 86 as well. Like you said they had that little, you know what I'm saying, interview, he was talking about the state of the team.


Yeah, he had something to prove and he definitely did what he had to do yesterday. Ah, for sure man. Good to see Warriors back at the back of 500. I told y'all they still going to Cancun with me though, bro. Who's over with? How gonna say how you feel about him? Nah, they they cool. He he ain't, he don't, he don't rock with the Warriors. Yeah man. He, he, he a T Wolves fan. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You, you, you you enjoy that yesterday at all, huh? Nah, I didn't. I didn't but I mean the Warriors need that, you know what I mean? They, they won for the guys so that was a good for Steph ae leading the league in threes. I don't know. They them up. He top three for sure. I don't know if it switched around but it's right there. Yeah. Would you rather see the Warriors in the playoffs or the Wolves?


That's not, I don't think that's a fair assessment at this point with them two teams. 'cause you gonna see the Wolves. You think so? I don't know. They four or five last night games with the Wolves butt. They they, they getting there. Yeah. And they bottom two. That's why I asked you question Wicked. And they next three games, they got the cash, they bottom 'em two what outta the top eight order? Whole, whole west. I think they in like the 10 check out 10 playing. They barely playing like you said their next three games. Boy. That's what I asked you. They got K Cavs and the Memphis Grizzlies. They could lose all three of them. I mean yeah they could get wicked for sure. But they, one of them teams go to the Westmont. Yeah, they right there at the eighth right now. Yeah. Warriors at 10. Yeah, I mean they right there.


Yeah, Phoenix is 11. They one game behind. So I asked you nasty who you think, who would you rather see? Honestly because I think the Warriors had they run but respect. Yeah, I was gonna say probably, probably T-W-T-W-I feel like, I feel like the Warriors need a trade or something man. Like who would you get rid of? A person they not using. They like who Minga he hurt though. Yeah, I mean but he good train bank though. He still ain't, I mean we still, he when he wasn't hurt, he, he have a flash of what he's supposed to be like once every quarter if that.


You know what I'm saying? Like go ahead, get him outta there. Package deal. Get Jimmy Butler over there or something. Damn. Nah you can't, you can't. Oh we trying to sell drinks. That ain't bad that we trying to sell drinks. It's not a bad training to eat. Ain't work. You can't, you can't go for Jimbo. Why? Where you want Jimmy to go ain't gonna stay And he, he might stay but you can't give up your future. I mean they old Steph's 36 Jimmy what? 34, 35? Yeah, he don't do, I mean, I mean how many Jimmy years you think he got left you think them mobile with? He probably got, he got probably three years. He can still play at a high level for the next three years. But you gotta think like Steph said where they future, they wanna lead a organization in good hands. So you So what Minga gonna say Minga?


I mean he was 21. He the best player in his on the future. Yeah, he 21. So yeah, I mean he the only person I guess you can leave it in the hands you got him and Moses movie. They like the young guys for them. So. Yeah. And that's interesting you say that because Steve Ker was talking about that. He was like, yeah we talking about future picks 26, 27. He said, shit, I might not be around to see that. Yeah. So y'all better quit going off Steve Ker word. If y'all really trying to rebuild for the future, if y'all ain't rocking with Kaga, I'll figure it out. But if y'all ain't doing it off the streets of Steve Kerr, he ain't gonna be there to see if he even good or not. So I'm just glad he fixed his haircut. I ain't no that's, that's a real pet peeve for me last year, you know what I'm saying? Like Ming. Yeah because like for one, he shouldn't have chopped his, he shouldn't have chopped his lock.


But when he chopped his locks it's like whoever gave his, like his first haircut last year, he had sideburns, he had the, he had, he had the, that was down round, joint was round. You feel me? So you caught back? Yeah, this shit was Zack for sure. So this year when I seen him pop out, you feel me? He got a real shape up. I'm like yeah, nah, that's a good, that's, that's, that's step one bro. That's step one. He fit right in with the board. She man off the real real you can't, if you get that much money like I heard, just put it up bro. That's a part of the show on what's a part of the show. That's Mike do put your mic back bro.


Freaky Mike back. Hey Mike, Mike, he been going through things the last two days. Man I can unscrew it. Yeah, that's crazy. Mike, Mike screw man. And, and like seeing as I'm dealing with like setups and shit now and all that type of shit, you feel me? That ain't, I don't never want no Michael one of these. No bro. See my mic to mic. I don't even want to see, you know it's crazy. You can't explain the microphone. Say what you said when we first got here. He said, he said it was lip. It's lip. Why lock it back up. The microphone need the honey pack is crazy. Well why might get that man, let's move on to this nexts game man.


We, we gotta talk about that Memphis game. Hey let's get to it man. The Memphis Houston, that was the Memphis Houston was yesterday too. Yeah man. Chill off. What's wrong with hoe man go ahead bro. Hey I'm Richard Pryor with this. Cool, come on. Yeah, for sure man. Let's get to the moment for sure man. Ja Marin went crazy yesterday. No you said that's the Houston game, right? Yeah. Nah, Ja Marin played disperse. Oh I'm tripping. Did. Yes sir. Highlight even though it didn't count man. 1 29, 1 15 victory. I was gonna ask y'all fuck the status. Did that count as a highlight? Yes or no? Yeah. I'm tired of people saying oh the whistle. So what y'all point out the obvious bro did, did the arena.


Did the arena, did the arena react? Yeah, most definitely. For sure. That's how I reacted when I seen it. Nah, it was crazy. Now what do y'all count that as far as ranks to jaw dunk since he, he got some hitters. It's a dunk on a nigga that's eight foot tall. That's his best dunk. That's his best dunk. You say best dunk? Yeah. Wi seven four. Yeah. Yeah. And look at it right there on the clip. Yeah that one he did to the patience is crazy too. It was crazy. That was was ridiculous. It was but the per like wind defensive player. Yeah, 10 blocks fucker a barrel in his hand bro. Yeah, to punch on him, that's his best dunk. And now, now is it actually a dunk because they saying it's a throw in. I say that it's always a asterisk on them kind of dunks but from a, from a nigga who was in the league, it's them dunks.


Bro. That's a dunk. I, I beat y'all count Blake Griffin when he dunked on Arkansas? Yes. Oh fuck he, oh yeah. Now that's, that's not a question. That what I saying that was a throw in though. He said the mos, I'm rolling. That's a dunk. That's a body my nigga. No, but I'm saying I'm counting as a dunk. I'm just telling y'all that's the same type of shit. True or false. Blake made them bitches look different. He did that one different. That's what I'm saying. That one was different too though. Like, I mean because it's wimpy. Yeah, because it's Wim and he only six one like that shit CRA seven four. That one of the biggest niggas in the NBA. No I was stood next to that nigga and like, and then like that's, that was one of the main things I was thinking. I was like bro you really got like, like you got Springs nigga you jump crazy.


It was crazy. Unbelievable talent facts. Most definitely man we got some more interesting talk about this but a little bit for the game man. 26 15 on the season man. Can they make some noise in the playoffs? Be here. They can go to Western conference finals. You talking about Grizz? The Ja effect is real. The J effect is real but I ain't gonna guess it too much 'cause the Spurs, I ain't really like that. For real, for them to go to the Western conference finals. I don't think j jj can average six rebounds. JJJ? Yeah. Triple J, Jerry Jackson, Jackson Jr. Oh. Have you been playing Weld this year bro? He been playing this hurt? Nah, nah, nah. Yeah, 19 six last night. I'm just saying I think he then that's quite hoop.


Yeah, I just ain't used to it. I just don't. They don't have Nah, ain't see stop bro. They don't have shit for KC and we'll, we'll sweep them. Nah, I don't think y'all sweep 'em. I think it'd be a good series man. But who, who is your, wait, who? When you say we okay. C. Okay. I ain't like, because because like, you know I pay attention. You got like five teams, man. Oh, you don't watch the show My side? No, you, you, you a you, you, you a you front. I don't front office in Brooklyn. I like, like talk about it because I got ties man. I'm just saying you a front, you in a front office in Brooklyn. You got in Las Vegas, Charlotte, Detroit, Chattanooga, Tennessee.


Let's see where, where was, where was motherfuck next Friday. Shout at nigga you Nation nigga You Nationwide. Why can't I have relationships in certain places? I'm just saying. I'm just saying like, when, when, when a nigga say we and, and Jimmy if I'm wrong, when the nigga say we, you're speaking of your team. Yeah he locked in. He speaking of your team. Right. He locked in with the Wolves. That's what I'm saying. We just, you just said your team, the Wol and me Edwards is my favorite player in the N-B-A-O-K-C. We've been having this pod since it started at his house. Okay. C been my sleeper team. Okay. I've been rocking with them but they, I mean since before everything I'm saying but since the pie started they wasn't no sleeper team.


They was bro nah they was, when he first set it, they wasn't even, they wasn't good yet. They wasn't good for real. SGA was there. Yeah, he just got there. They was good. This this S-G-A-S-G-A Chris Paul then. Okay. See this was after, after CP left. He said oh they was rocking. I disagree. Nah, they they was rocking, they was cool. CP three, I feel like the CP three year they should have kept C CP three one more year off of the, the run that they had with Nah, I ain't mad at that. That ain't bad sake. But but I feel like they was rocking when he left. I mean he was talking more like they had the young boys like when Che got drafted. Yeah. And all them for sure. And I'm, I'm a Chet fan for sure. That's, that's liberal. I gonna say.


Oh speaking of dunk at o count, you know what I'm saying? We got one of you my boy load the clip. I got a dunk. Yeah, y asking Mike to do too much. I got you right here. Yeah that shit ain't working. There we go. Oh damn. When I punched on. Okay I remember that. That's better than win dunk. Oh. Oh who you punch on Marcus Morris or something? Oh yeah, what happened? I got you right. Yeah that's better than that nigga looked back up at the jumbotron didn't he? Oh I know I ain't been here nigga. About iPad nine. Oh all kind shit. This shit crazy. What's, see this them new bitches too. That bitch got a suede backand on it.


Yo. Good. This us Nah, Uhuh nah we stole these. Oh that bitches sweet for sure man. Ja ain. Incredible man. The Knicks bro. They, they look man, the Knicks not gonna be able to walk, come play all time. There you go. That's been his take. This is what y'all gotta understand brother. How do y'all in the top 10 niggas? I seen that stat yesterday. That's crazy. Four of them. That's crazy. Five five in minutes tight. Top 10 in five Kat is number 10. Oh yeah, that's nuts. Like one is Mikhail, two is Josh Hart, then three is like og then a space and then like number five is is no I'm tripping. Number four is Brunson. Brunon. Yeah. And then all the way at 10 is Kat.


Yeah. Yo starting five done played the, that's crazy bro. I I keep saying man they, they could make it to the, they could win play, they could win the title but I don't know if they gonna make it win. What title They can win the whole thing. You they can win the ship. They got the, they got enough talent. Hell nah boy we just beat on them boys the other day. Who? The pistons. Who the Pistons beat on them. Everybody lose. Ain't nobody we gonna get to your old team a little bit later in this show, show alum. Nobody. Hey two. Oh. But if you get 'em in a playoff game it is Christmas. They got, they gonna play they game, they gonna sweep, they sweep the patience and they gonna play these like people make subs. They'll sweep Detroit.


They're not suing shit. They not sub they healthy. They would, they would, they they probably, we all right. That's cool. Yeah, that's cool bro. Y'all still grow bro. Sure. Y'all gonna understand bro. Y'all going identify the problem man. Whole team was beat up last year 'cause of t they gonna be beat up this year 'cause of tips. Yeah. D Rose is T's fault. Yeah man. Nah. Charles Dro no out my favorite. All my favorite coaches I don't like here. Tim's old man got to pickles. Him or mga. Huh? Who hairstyle would you rather have if you had a mga? Mga? Yeah, I'm MGA for sure. I'm I'm I'm Johna for sure.


You gotta bega for sure. Tim's got three strands up there. He got real comic book here like that's crazy. Hey they don't move. Fuck. Excuse my language. Forget don't move. They they won't. That's the jail. No that's won't cooperate. Just get rid of nah got Sprint Shit. My dog boy coaches can't wear hats. Shouts about that man. You know you my guy. You know niggas hat, you know you my guy. If coach in a Yankee fitted that would be fired. You my guy man.


Nah, hey make sure my life was different man. Fuck with tips man. Shout out to Tiz man. Kat didn't play yesterday even though he had to change fits at halftime, which is nuts. I would've kept it on. Yeah bro, just who cares bro. Keep your fit on he, I ain't gonna lie, he love the Eagle stuff so that ain't gonna even, and like they, that's like his, his childhood team right bro. Yeah, that he was bro. Yeah, all the crowd. I don't listen man. No y'all ain't about to make me feel bad for this shirt and the lack of crowd. I don't know if you seen what they pan, they panned around. It is real empty in there. That's game right? Yes sir. Real Sixers like number 13 and dropping bro. It was some Tyree Maxey had 33 George. Sick of them.


Yeah, they, I don't like they up play. He getting bored man. Tyre playing the five. You know how nice though man They got that young boy that went to Kentucky. Man I forgot Lefty. Dang I'm missing his name. He play for Philly? Yeah, he, he a rookie. I thought you about to say went there last year. Not Uber but the McCain. Nah, he, he, another rookie went Kentucky last year. Dang something. Junior Ricky Council. Nah, nah, nah, nah, he had left. He went there. I, I figured up for sure I was going out on a limb. I don't know where Rick comes from. Nah, he went to Kentucky though. I think he went to Arkansas. You ain't making it up. Nah, I'm, I'm gonna find out what we, he be tapped in for sure. But yeah, Knicks got the win yesterday and OT 1 25 to one 18. Jalen Brunson had 38.


He went crazy. Tyre Maxey had 33, 6 and six. You know what I'm saying? It is too bad N Beats no playing basketball and the Knicks still didn't party. He had that best player got the dub. You never know what it'd be, bro. You never know bro.


I think he heard the NFL playoffs kickoff this weekend. And the action is always heating up on the field at the draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the drafting sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code COUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits. If you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just, just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd named RK today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Firkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love You by the way. NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find out. We're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays. On Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


I'm I'm sure he is, but at this point we never know man. We already talked about the stars minutes. It's just crazy. But listen, man, 15 to 24 4 lost in the row for the Sixers. It's the time to go ahead and say fuck the playoffs. They already did. Yeah. Yeah, they already did though. This, this, this Christmas. It's over this. That's what this look like. You think so? Yeah, they So if you was, if you was in the, if you was in the, if you was in the 30 and under football league. Right. All right. See that's why this nigga wanted to come on. No, you quiet. No, he my brother. Well listen, but this, this, this is a real question I'm about to ask you because you can ask me. Same thing. Like if I was in the 30 and under direct league. So you feel me? What position? Go ahead. God.


He quarterback man, quarterback, quarterback. Something pivotal because I ain't trying to cook you. Even if, even if the, the trainer and everybody told you like you had certain restrictions Yeah. In the media. Would you fucking, would you say I'm not playing back to backs no more? I, I'm, nah 'cause I'm a, I'm a, I'm a gamer so I, that's my beef with Joelle for sure. He, he's supposed to kept his poker face on. Nah, that's, that's, that's my beef with Joel though. He should be. And I told him that's why I think the NBA is fucked up for real. Like letting him do that. It is watering the game down.


I mean if you gonna sit bro, just sit out the rest of the year. But that like people, you know, these kids come to see Joel and be and then just like damn bro and spend all this money, niggas done bought these tickets ahead of time. So I think the league need to put a hold on that for sure. And you know, it's crazy he doubled down on that 'cause he was just like, Hey, I done put my life on line for this. I done got hurt. I'm be hurt for everyone when I basketball. But I also think Joel N Beat is older than what he is too. Yeah. He don't believe old. Is he? He wanted you think he like, like her like the her sign Elliot over thing? Yeah, he's, he's a, her sign was old as hell. Nah, Joel. Yeah they said they said Ur Joelle's probably 40 bro. You think Joel 40? Nah bro, he's a legit and I don't, we already be in trouble on YouTube and stuff but I, I went to school with some Africans and they, them niggas didn't have the right birth certificates bro.


Bobo? Yeah. Not Bobo. Bobo is what he is. Manuk Bo was older than what he was they say Yeah. Yeah. Eye maker for sure. That's that's what, that's what I was looking for Maker. Yeah bro bad. No, but that, that, that I got. He put on the community. No, no. Shaba Muhammad. I was just saying like he ain't African, he American with a Muslim name bro. No he wasn't older, wasn't African. Hey Mike said we, I just saying he was older like yeah nah, I was trying to help him. I'm just saying give on six show.


Not lying though. Justin Edwards be lying on, on they birth certificate show. Justin Edwards is a kid that went to Kentucky. He been playing well for Philly. I thought. Thought he was heard what he was too. Nah, nah that y'all crazy. Lakers got a dub yesterday. Riley back in second half take care of the heat. One 17 to 1 0 8. Bro had 22 and nine yesterday. Ar had 14 to 14. Your favorite white boy had 34 yesterday in the loss light day. Light day the office ad had 22 and 11 then Ru you know what I'm saying? Hooped out yesterday. You had 23? Yeah. What's up man? Is this more about the heat? It's more about the Lakers all and them y'all niggas bro. You ain't like, you like the Lakers. Alright bro. LeBron been going crazy. LeBron play good man.


When he's in the game obviously they a different team. Yeah but when he's playing at a level like he was playing last night in that fourth quarter he got different. Yeah, he, he, no he's still one of the best players in the league for sure. The age of 40. Hell yeah. Probably the greatest player of all time debate between him and MJ all the time. So to see what he is doing at 40 is crazy. But like your favorite white boy man, he might have to be an Allstar bro. He is bro. I don't know man. He is bro. 25 I five. Yeah he hooper, he hooping Tyler Hero special bro. I got an Alpha talent bro. Cap bro also, I don't, I really, I don't. We no we're not.


You are. White boy is Tyler Hero. Tyler Hero. The other white boy. Tyler Hero been nasty. Yeah, been nasty too though bro. You can't do that. Hey, I been playing Will at Point ar been nasty too. Oh actually I fucked about this allegedly Jimmy went to Pat Riley and said face to face and I sign extension, gimme up out here. You think that's gonna happen this year or you think Pac gonna be paid? He said that ain't allegedly. He said that I didn't have the sources to cite it. So I ain't my my cousin, my cousin work down there. He told me. Okay my cousin work there. You connected in there too. Oh, you got Miami sources too? Alright. He up So you him. But niggas coming my source. I, I ain't say you don't. I just posted a picture with him yesterday. Respect. It is me Little Gerald JaMarcus.


We was down there when he told him. I believe you. I'm just saying they be when I say I got my sources and I felt like you was taking the jab. Me too. I never said I didn't believe about my Brooklyn sources. See, so these get to site they sources on the show. That's crazy. Got a little cousin in Miami. I question your, your your your fan loyal ship member card to your teams. I I I called you a a a front office member of Brooklyn brother. I seen you do not call and it work. We gonna get in trouble. Do not call him that because he is lying. You gonna come here with a Brooklyn Polo next week. That be nigga want to work it you a Brooklyn Polo That fine.


Don't worry about it's on the way for sure. Why you think the Air Force one matched the, you feel trying to tell you I know this, it makes sense. I believe you brother. How y'all think that conversation went though? Do, how do you tell somebody they offering you, I'm sure you probably getting offered a hundred million that you like Nah, I don't want that. I don't think I could do that. First of all, I don't. That conversation you talking about Yeah. That, that, that nevi exist in my life. So I couldn't tell you how, how you feel me, you go about that nigga. Yeah. What you, how long I gotta be here for a hundred more million? Yeah. I don't, you know what I'm saying? You got time, devotion all, you feel me?


We I'm we working out five In The Morning, all that. Come on. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? At that point brother and I, I just feel like with with Miami I feel like he bought into the culture so well and like he then became a part of it. You know what I'm saying? Oh, I, I don't, I I of course it's inner the workings that that a lot of us won't, won't understand. You feel me? Definitely to where we don't know where it went wrong. But if he trying to get up out of there, he also is a person who done made a couple hundred million already. Yeah. So that's why he could say I don't want a hundred million from you. Yeah. I wanna go get a hundred million from somebody else. Somebody else straight up. For sure. I mean definitely say that. Go ahead. No, go ahead bro. If you was, if you was Pat, where would you send him?


If I was pat, where would I send him? Yeah. He ain't gonna get nothing back for him to Detroit. Let's go. Come on gang. No new. Y'all gonna trade for him the whole bitch. Come on nigga. What y'all got? Y'all not do that bro. The game. Them boys gonna be like he don't fuck with us. Lemme stop cussing too. Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen. But realistically Wendell Moore business is business. Business is no shot at. We do bro. Hell no. We just off to buy his hair to buy his hair over me. Yep. For you again him again.


It's crazy. A pick or something. Y got some good couple, one of our assistant coaches, you feel me? Y'all have give up. Y'all have to give up Isaiah Stewart and probably, I ain't gonna lie, beef can't go nowhere. I'm just saying that's who y'all gotta go. Ly has gotta chill. That's my brother tab and probably tab for sure Moore. Who else in two first round picks? Timmy? Yeah, Timmy. Timmy. Cool. But Timmy they probably take be, they probably take Besley over Timmy. Yeah. No, but that, that's the thing. That ain't, that ain't an option. That's what I'm just telling you. No, it ain't option. Still make sense. Gotta make sense for us.


We win. Is Jimmy Buller? Yeah, that's cool. But we gonna keep Malik, we gonna keep NB five. That's my, that's my cousin. Yeah, we gonna keep Malik, we gonna keep we going. All right. They can get Isaiah Stewart if they get me some tickets, if I get to come see B stu play down there Courtside, then they can get, they can get brother. Other than that, he gotta stay here bro. You broke of course Icontinue. Yeah. Nah. Damn. That's all you was worth Stu. I'm, I'm, I'm our Spike Lee. That's my campaign for the next 10 years of my life. You feel me? They they start, they started back allowing me to go to the games now. Yeah. So that's love. So like they, I'm getting micd up and all that and you feel me?


Hell yeah. I really care about the team, you know what I'm saying? So no trolling, the trade gotta make sense through and through. Like it ain't just all right. We throwing all our eggs in the bucket because we just super trash and don't got no potential no horizon. Nah, y'all hooping. No y'all solid. It give us something that makes sense, you feel me? Because I always said Kade is the type of talent that'll make people want to come play with him, you feel me? But like now he's showing like yeah brother, I'm here all these whispers. I you, you in a couple, you a lot of rooms. I ain't gonna say a couple. You in a lot of rooms brother. I know you done heard motherfuckers say people I gotta work on that. I know you done heard people say how good they think he was going to be or like how comfortable he look, you feel me?


Yeah, yeah. And he's showing it bro. He get to the spot. You can't speed him up. Nah. You know what I'm saying? He, he's gonna go rebound. He's gonna pass the ball. Like he casually had 17 assists like last week, you know what I'm saying? Nah, he cold. He a league guard. He gonna be an Allstar. No for sure. Y'all talk about this year? Yeah, he gonna be Allstar this year. Be Allstar this year for sure. Y'all got y'all Allstar this year in Detroit. Y'all can build around that. And I like y'all, you young boy Duran Dur Durham. I like the twin we got. I feel like me personally Twin. Yeah I feel like the the twin that that the one in Houston, he got the O But I feel like o can be taught in today's game. You feel me? And the twin, we got already got defense and he likes to play defense. Nah, he locked up. For sure. That's, that's my opinion on y'all got, y'all got a nice core with them 2K Jalen and then y'all got the twin and then y'all veterans is stepping up.


I've been saying that all year. Mo Mo playing. Well Timmy coming in having good moments and Tobias ain't playing bad either. He having good times too. So no, Tobias, Tobias been surprising me man. With the consistency. Yeah, because you know he'll go quiet for like 10 games but he been, he been getting his 12 to 18 and and doing it in the right spots and I, I've been enjoying that for sure. For sure. Sure man shout out to the pistol no matter what. Harris is gonna to get 17, we'll see what happens. Yeah he to get paid too. 17 to eight getting another contract. You know the vibes. We'll see what happens with Jimmy Butler. Tom will tell Listen, I know we don't even do get well soon earlier in the show but the Nets 59, they gotta be about 59 points yesterday. 26.


That's one. That's one of new things teach you. Oh yeah. Get well soon was normal. You know what I'm saying? If you had a bad day, we gonna shout you out the end of the show. You know what I'm saying? Gives encouragement. You get dunked on like Wouldn be get well song. Yeah but getting y'all doing it early but getting beat by 59 we should start a show that way. Yeah as long as, as long as y'all know this disrespectful I'm for it. Come on. Most definitely. Come on us having to watch the game when you lose by 59 more disrespectful. It's people who pulled up to see y'all. Get y ass whoop y'all owe them ma refund y'all out pocket not facts. Who did they who? Who beat them by 59? The Clippers. Clippers and that. Listen to lose to them by 59 is crazy. Clip Clippers nice though. We all right bro. What? What? Define nice. That's his another team. That's his. You said we alright? Nah that's you said we that's his, a lot of people was, you know what I'm saying, trying to start that normal Norman Powell conversation.


My boy he was first, he was early on the impeachment first on Norman Powell. I told I'm really a scout. I need to come down to Detroit to fuck. Which they need to mic me up. Listen, actually listen bro what I, I caught the oldest new, the oldest what? Call this, what do you call it with the player? MIP most improved. Most improved oldest MIP ever bro. I called it early no cap. You know why, you know why t you gonna say shit right. Why? Because you know I ain't, ain't ain't lying. You said you talking about the first, the first, the first nigga to to be on the Norman Power train. Like that was sweet something. It was that nigga he been killing. He asked Oh no.


I'm like that you crazy. Ever 45, we talking Norm Powell average 25 The Clippers don't play nobody. The man I never played in the NBA or nothing, never played college ball. I'm really on this shit. For real. His niggas like this for watch way more basketball to be come on here talking crazy. I ain't gonna lie. Norman Powell's averaging consider all ain't gonna lie. Come on. Don't like him. I don't like him. Don't like him. I hate his. You feel four always kill the pistons.


He is a piston killer. Nah kill everybody. He one them he one. No he don't. He one of them but he one of them thorns in the Pistons side. Like he just know the spots at our crib. You feel me? Oh. Oh. So it is deeper than rap. It's hard person like on the on the level. On the level of him being like a pro. Is he? Yeah. Yeah bro. Yeah bro. But stop having good games in Detroit, you know what I'm saying? Okay. Like do the extra like he do sweet shit when he play against us, you know what I'm saying? Bow hand dunks. You feel me? He get ambidextrous when he play the business. Come on man. I'm just cool man. You shout out. Shout somebody else. Shout somebody who play bad against us. Kaw had a team high Kaw play. Well he had 23 yesterday about yeah it's his first.


He back, he back big game. I bet Ja hard. They play 11. They all, they hands away. They both the beard and and the claw man Healthy mp. Nah, I'm just playing. I don't know if him p that's big three who's there too? I was just, and he is part of the big three. That's your who? What would we say Bosch, Brian, Wade, Bosch Brown Wade? Yeah. Who he don't ask this one. He is don't ask. We gonna move off. What I'm saying, we not gonna ask years. He definitely but after the game out that three we gonna move on for sure. Hold on though. No starter for the net score The double digits? Yeah. Apparently don't got a team score. I catch a fight. I gotta catch a flight. I thought Delo was over there he is.


Yeah. Did he play? Hopefully not double digit. Now listen, you got a rule if you score he didn't play. Nah, Bailey s senior ain't ain't ain't get over 10. Oh who the fuck is that Cam Thomas Hce Bailey senior. I knew who he was talking about. This funny. They do be shooting some wild shit though. No I ain't gonna lie. Like I ain't even mean to listen. Matter of fact, let me just let me start over. Norman Powell. My bad bro. 'cause this is, it is, it is. Niggas out here like Ace Bailey and Cam Thomas man that just shoot anything and it's like I I I used to be defending Cam Thomas at first even 'cause I'm like yeah from Oak Hill.


LU like he been doing that woo woo. And then it got to a point to where I'm watching games. I'm like you really shooting crazy shots. Like not not good shots. 21 seconds on the shot clock almost at, at at half court off a hezie. Be here working on your game. That's what it's for. That's why I'm there. It's the second quarter. It's the second quarter. I'm back at Oak Hill like, you know what I'm saying? It's a real bad shot. Bailey dude shoot some bass. Yeah we got a fire re by Ace Bailey shot selection for sure man. H Bailey shoot he shoot pull up score full speed in Fade like a lot. Yeah. You know what I'm saying?


Part of I seen them, I done seen them make them but I seen them airball a lot of them you feel me? Like it is. He don't man, get to get 'em up. Get 'em up, get up. Yeah that's, that's up. KD said this video get buckets man. I watch they out the mug. Kd kd KD though. Yeah for sure man. Get well soon on this y'all. I don't know what y'all had going on yesterday but don't ever do that again. We gotta rule, you know what I'm saying, under a hundred points. You sad under 70 you you awful. Yeah you, you're off PTO for sure, for sure. Speaking of sad, the Celtic lost of the Raptors yesterday. 1 10 97. The rap this the rap this week too. Oh yeah they they're camping for Cooper Flag. Yeah they in the Cooper flag sweepstakes but RJ Berry went crazy yesterday 22, 10 to eight.


Good game. Good game. He bouncing back. Yeah it I mean this don't mean nothing for the Celtics though. Not at all. Not at all. Nah, I mean they bored with the regular season but yeah. JT that wasn't a foul when you got hung. I just wanted to tell you that. Mm yeah definitely a prime time. Get well soon candidate for short. He need the dunk mo anyway. You think so? He need the dunk mo anyway. Why though? Why not? Okay, I I put you like this. He could, if he finished more at the cup it really wouldn't be like it ain't too much arguing we doing about who the best player in the league game.


He got everything at his height and he really, he could play defense. He plays defense, you feel me? But it's like he wanna shoot steps side three 11 times when he got somebody four inches short than him guarding him and he just go get a layup or go get a foul every time. That's a fact I give you that. He could go get a layup or get a foul every time brother. I ain't never really seen nobody stop him from going to get a layup or a foul. Know what's crazy. Everybody says that about him and then he just like, well I won a championship song. Give a fuck respect. We did it. Hey you know what's crazy though? The rappers posted Brenda Jennings after the game. Oh they funny. Yeah that's outta, I thought that crazy. The raps is funny.


They outta pocket to me. I don't know. Like I I see what you're saying. JT a killer bro. He is a killer And inside, I ain't saying he not a killer but I just, I like how he hoop bro. Whatever he decide to do, bro. I'm cool with that bro because he a verified book every night bro. He a dog but it is like he bro, he could get to the cup more. I told him that too though. He can get to the cup more but they shoot 50 threes at the team again. So that's just how they play. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta be mad at it but I agree a lot. That's what his biggest criticism was like bro. Stop shooting side steps to get to the basket. It is like he a nice ass cane Corso like you, like you, you know you ain't supposed to mess with him. Yeah, but you get up close, you can pet him.


He cool. Gotta catch a, he got start crashing out man. Y'all want this. It's a good hair and, and yeah it is the good hair man. What the, he beat the bull Shout to JT man. I know the real you man. I told you just punch one motherfucker, they gonna hit all that shit. I promise you is does Marcus can be somebody. It gonna be all the conversation gonna be done with the fact that y'all really want him to crash out. It's crazy. You know it's not even that bro. It's just, I mean kind of but like he's a silent killer bro. All you gotta do is dunk on somebody. Just redo the, because when he banged on Brian, Brian, that's all I'm about to say.


When he punched on Brian, everybody was like, he a killer. Like all you gotta do is punch on somebody again and then I don't, maybe I ain't seeing some of the niggas. I ain't seen it either. Jt Man, shit, I dunno. The Hawks beat the Bulls yesterday 1 10 94. They gotta get, well not Tre, no problem Anyway. Yeah, they got Trey. Zack, we need to have a real conversation about Zack too. Mm. Like don't nobody want him. No, he one of the top two guards in the league. One of the top two guards or in the top shooting guard. Top two guards, shooting guards. I call him a two guard. Don't matter a shooting guard. No, no, no. I I was confused because like if you really compare him and Devin Booker stats and like some of these other guys as who playing? I mean he right there. I mean he had a streak of, with five games getting 30 points.


Hey it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They Changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now because I I don't like the Color edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, A lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam RK today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NH Challenge scripted with Birkin Demurs. Hey, I am Jason Deir, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna still gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demurs, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, Ken Saquon, Barkley even break the rushing record. Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


And we wasn't even talking about it. He was killing, he been killing this whole Yeah, he been killing, he having a hell of a year. I mean last night he was a rough game for him. Me, they playing the hawks, which I expect but respect. But he been killing this year and I don't think he get a lot of respect because he been out with injuries the past couple of years. Yeah. Now I was gonna ask you how he felt about this situation. There's some possibilities of some movement around, they said one of those possibilities is three team deal getting Zach Levine to Milwaukee and you would probably be moving on from Chris Middleton and Bobby Porters. Nah, no, I don't like that. You don't like that Uhuh. If you have to give up Middleton and Pat Ton the pick and like you said, it's a three team bill.


No, Middleton and Pat for, for Zach. Yeah. They keep they the Milwaukee key. Bobby Porters. Yep. Yeah, I ain't mad at that. I like that. I don't like Bobby Portis and Chris Middleton even though don't know. I don't like that. I don't that, but its Yeah, that's, yeah. Yeah. I I just, I I just feel like the, if if Teams won Zach, me personally, I think he would've moved before DeMar would've left Chicago. Yeah. He made a lot of money though. He make a lot of money. But that's what I'm saying, if somebody would've wanted to eat that contract Yeah. And then deal with, you know what I'm saying? Well, whatever he come with, I ain't saying a bad rap or nothing.


I'm just saying I just feel like if it was a more feasible thing that would've happened before DeMar happened. He, he was injury. He was, yeah. Last year injury, he was injured. Good people didn't know. But now way he bounced back this year, the conversations getting different because he hooping and people like, man, we get Zach Levine, he can move a needle for our team. Like, because he, where where would you, where would you see him going besides Milwaukee? Or where would you, like, where would you think a good fit would be? Man, I thought that, nah, y'all don't need Zach. I like, I like him with the nuggets. The nuggets don't need him right now. They playing great basketball right now. Yeah, but I did like him with the nuggets back then. I thought he was another two guard that can cut off the ball. He could shoot, but I think they got the recipe now over there.


I think they good. So I don't really know. I gotta like, I gotta look a little longer. Sure, man. We'll definitely keep you posted on that. I think that bull team is definitely gonna move some pieces around within the month for sure. Bucks beat the sleeves off. The magic. Yesterday won 22 to 93. Dame had 30, Giannis had 26, PB five had 22. Yeah, it was a simple belt to add Situation Hollow back. Yes sir. He been back since last week. I thought, I thought he had a crazy injury. He had the same injury as Franz. He just had it earlier in the season. So you might get Franz back him say about six weeks or so, something like that. But what, what was the rotator cuff? So yeah, torn stuff like that. A torn oblique. Yeah. What is the oblique? Their abs.


Yeah, that's, that's crazy. Like regular humans who have those injuries don't be at work and shit like really messed up. They expect y'all to go play basketball like three weeks. It's crazy. Yeah, for sure man. And you can't do shit when you tell your old bleed. You can't laugh. You told one before. Nah, just think about when you have like sore abs. I'm like doing crunches and you ain't done no minute. Now imagine ripping that shit like Mm. Yeah, that's wicked. You can't laugh, you can't shit, you can't do nothing bro. That's tough. Damn. Get well. So man they, so they all they had was PPP right? Because everybody else hurt. Mo and Fry hurt, right? Yeah. Cole Anthony is there. Yeah. Cole, Anthony, Kevin. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They listen like Ugg is hooping. Hey Jam. Whoever stepped on the court from the Magic is hooping while Moley got them boys motivated.


Whoever show up to Hoop is getting to it for show. Pelicans beat the match yesterday, one 19 to one 16 Zion and Corie didn't play Ante. Murray went crazy. He had 37 to seven. Trey Murphy had 24 and 10 as well. I like Trey Murphy. Trey Murphy Man T Rey Murphy beat hooping the Rockets beat the sleeves off The Nuggets yesterday. 1 28 too. 1 0 8. Jalen Green on that campaign for the All-Star game, bro. Who they beat? They beat the nuggets yesterday, man. He had 34 piece. SA had 29 to eight. Yo didn't play that yo didn't play. But still Murray had 22 as well. Houston what second place? Yeah, that's a, that's, that's a surprise. And it is not a surprise. I think Jalen Green might he got a chance to make the All-Star team. I know they probably gonna go with CI Gun, however you say his name, but Jalen Green man putting his hat name in that hat though for sure.


He the crazy bone. He keeps punched. He got like, shit, he racking up a, a nice photo album. Oh God. A a a a slam on his mix tape is That's a fact bro. We gonna talk about that. Dario dug a little bit later in the show, punched on Dario Nasty. Who's Dario? Sorry. Yes sir. Yeah, he need to. Yeah, he was in. I can't wait till we play that clip. He was away for no reason. He too, he too, that ain't never been his life. No way, dude. He down there. Yeah, he is never And he's like 30 now too. He ain't never known for defense for shot. I'm jumping with them young boys. The Hornets beat the jazz yesterday. One 17 to one 12 Lalo went crazy. 27, 6 and nine miles went crazy.


25 and 10. Make shout at me. Shout out to Miles. You know I know what's going on. Like I see that y'all locked in. You got another one? Yeah, I I I'm looking at me like that. They only for the fa I don't know what's in em. I don't share my water, but only for the fa Nah, that's what I had. I don't like water. Blue Lalo a killer. Yeah, you know what's show Melo All Star game. Lalo baby. Yeah. We leading the, you know what I'm saying? We lil we that his other team, we believe No, I'm top. You know, I'm I'm, I'm part of Hornets organization myself, you know what I'm saying? Hornet, I wish the Detroit was like, if I was in NBI would've play for the Charlotte Hornets. Yeah. Fuck Wins losses.


Why? It's all about what happens after the game play for the the Bobcats, huh? Yeah. I I wanna be on the Max deal and fuck it. Y'all need a mouse Bridges. Y'all need a, you've been, you have been you. No hold on Brandon Miller. I just want him to understand the decision that he was gonna make with his life. Yes sir. You'd have been with fucking Sean May and the Mecca and you would've been one and 81. You can think 40. I ain't Wallace. I'm trying. Who was Miller? We as Jersey. No man. Shout out to the Hornet man. A couple games. Try to see how y'all feel about 'em. Patience at Pistons. Pistons?


Yep. When is that? Tonight? Tonight at Y Career. What's the wager? What we doing? We we got best. Something fun though. Like, like, like, like not yet y'all do that. Yeah. Next meal. Say this. Say less my doggy. I got, I got the pistons too. Oh, I thought you was, I'll see what, okay. No respect. You know Ive been on a piston bandwagon early, but that's a fact. Me too. What's the, what's the It's a fact. What's the, what's the read on Halle? Listen Halliburton. It is he's day-today. It is not hamstring. It's something, it is growing injury. Benedict Mathen got suspended last game. So Yeah, we without our Wait, what, what happened to b Math? He bump ref. He was, yeah, he was tripping off the court.


Nah, he bumped the ref on on court. He got a, he got a terrible tech beforehand. Him that she shouldn't have called. And then he got another tech and then got in her face and got to clapping and then bumped her. Yeah. You getting suspended bro. He bumped the girl dude. Your girl ref. Yes. Yeah. Suspended bro. Yeah, that's, that's it. Is it, it is it bad is his girl? Yeah. Yeah. I mean but you know you can't touch, you can't touch the ref here. But it's is, it is super bags it a girl. Yeah, it made it even worse. So yeah, I don't know how that game would go but you know Rock with the Pacers anyway. Sons at Wizard Sons. I got Sons KD back home. Yeah, sons for sure. The Wizards. Wizards for sure. The Bobcats KD 25 the night. For sure. For sure. Take the over for show Cavaliers at Thunder Cavalier. Oh I got the Thunder, the rematch Thunder at home.


Thunder at home. The Thunder I The Thunder. I roll with Thunder Clippers at Blazers. Ooh, that's the Clippers. Yeah, that I'm gonna take the Blazers man. Scoot Henderson. Nah, it ain't about Scoot Penny Lil Renny. They just be playing. They just be beating people randomly. They really do. Daddy beating people. I'm just gonna take and the Clipper just beat some 60 yesterday about to have a sleepy game for sure. Rockets at Kings. Ooh, that's a tough game. Now I Debo, I'm not doing that on camera. Okay. I ain got Deebo. I'm gonna probably go with the Kings too. I'm gonna go with the Rockets man. I ain't gonna do n any young boys man. They get into it. I'm just, hell back Flint King's a lot back of Sweet Jordans coming out this year.


You wanna bet some Jordans on that? We can do that. Yep. Got two? Yep. Yep. Talk about that too. Yeah, we just talked about the Jordans there. My dog all great, great great. NFL playoffs taking place this weekend man. I wanna see how y'all feel about Texas at Chiefs. Chiefs. I got the Chiefs. Yeah. Is the Texans? Yeah. Yeah. That's expansion team still. So you not I, yeah, I just told my homeboy about that the other day. You know what I'm saying? He jumped in the argument with people who got valid teams. I'm like Brother, be quiet. You don't have a team. He like, yeah dude, the Texans. I said, yeah bro, that's an expansion team game that don't count. You know what I'm saying? Shout out to Miko Ryan Gangster All Love brother.


And, and and no mustache S Strout. You cool Grow Mustache. But you said jj, why they walking through that door? Boy? Hey we got the Chiefs man. For sure. Chiefs. Chiefs. Yeah. Don't ever go get Pep by Holmes. Y'all know what top it is. Commanders at Lions, you know the vibes. Commanders at Lions. You know what's going on. Let's go. This is, this is literally a scrimmage for us. Oh. You being disrespectful. I got the, no I'm not. I Jay Daniels. You cool? You not ready. I commanders. You got commanders. I ain't gonna lie. It's a lot of good Jordans coming out lot. It's though, talking about he coming out though.


Is he? You wanna best some? Nah, I aint, that ain't my team. My team out play off this shit. Who's your team? 49 ERs. You well soon for sure. Yeah. Rock Birdie. Oh we gonna be back next year. He can't throw the ball over eight yards brother. Bro. We gonna back next year back where we see we always in the contentious to be top team in the league here. Who you got? I'm gonna go with nasty. Detroit ain't 'cause nasty here but I I Detroits playing. Well bro. Yeah. Yeah they got the, the commander's got the 30th run defense in the league. I know you about to run all. I don't like the commander. So about the fall. Go Detroit Rams at Eagles. Shout young Terry though. I need, I need the Rams shout. Who? Terry. Terry Lau Nast receiver from He from the city.


Gary. That's that's tough. Yeah, we fuck with him all pro for sure. This gonna be a better game. But I think people, I know it ain't gonna be like last week. What Rams the Eagles? Yeah. I kind of got the Rams though. I want the Rams. I want the Rams to win. I think they can but I think the problem is that the Eagles is, is going run and all that what they did last week. I Donald need to come back for a game man. You should signed. Yeah, 10 days I need not to lose because you don't wanna see them. No, I just need everybody who loves Siqua feelings to be hurt. Damn real. I ain't gonna ask. All right. Respect. Yeah. I think Eagle's gonna win this soon. As much as it hurts me to say that. And then the best game of the year Raven is Raven.


Oh, that's why you wore that? Yeah, that's why I picked. Oh Josh Allen gonna win. Yeah. Who they playing? Ravens. Ravens winning that one. Lamar Jackson Super Bowl campaign. MVPI ain't gonna lie. I can't, I'm so, I can't wait till the rapists beat they ass. I wait, I'm a Josh Allen fan. I'm a Josh Allen fan as though ain't gonna beat they ass. Josh Allen is cold but I'm sick of it bro. I'm sick of it bro. What you, what you mad at? I'm sick of bro. He ain't won nothing. He not Lamar either. That's how he not Lamar what I mean what you he doing comparisons or something? Yes. I'm telling Lamar Jackson better. He, he throws the ball better than Lamar Jackson. Lamar Jackson is better than Lamar. Jackson is. Lamar Jackson more than he's Lamar Jackson. But Josh Allen throw the ball away better. I you see the color of my hat? I ain't talk about it. Lamar Jackson.


He do you, you just keep saying Lamar Jackson. I would not tolerate any Lamar Jackson slander bro. Can he throw the ball? Hell yeah. Lamar can throw, hell yeah he can throw Lamar mvp. He could throw a decent amount. Are you saying is he as good as a arm as Joshs out? Maybe it's not the best, but I know everything else he does better. Yeah and he got that. Yeah, it's not close because that's cool because y'all, he's supposed to be a dual threat. The real dual threat bro. Russian quarterback in NFL history. Lamar Jackson. You tripping. He is, he is the best. He better, he better rusher than Vic. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, y'all don't like numbers next to each other. Don't put the stats up there. He, I don't care about the stats man. Yeah, I love Vic. Vic is a, is the icon bro.


Made me play Madden though. Facts bro. QB visual bro ain't playing because of Lamar Lamarr. Hey if you, if you was a little bit younger, you know I'm So you might have that, that Ravens boy all man. No, for sure. It's gonna be hub of a game though for sure. Very Five buckets be here. Who was getting tour yesterday? I'm rolling with Lalo all day out. Gate Melo Ball leading the lead in all star votes, you feel me? God Damnit. Day one A 1 27, 6 and nine Baby and Dub. What show? I'm gonna show some love to the young boy. Jalen Green still going crazy at 34 yesterday in the wind getting that good soul food. I'm gonna go with og. Hey man, you I'm, I'm going with the, with the OG my boy Steph draft mate 31.


Still the old head still killing seven for 12 from the three with the dog. All said if she can cook soul food that she really is to go and I'm gonna leave there. Shout to Tyler Hero. Your favorite white boy had 34 years. Bubble Dub said he was getting soul food bro. Respect was getting, he said that wasn't Greens, it was handpicked baby. It's not cooking with what? The Volume That's bubble to shout the bubble. He said getting that good soul food. We gotta talk about a cooking show after this too. I wanna holler at you. No, no, no, no. I wanna talk to you about that in person anyway. You, I said last text message. You know I'll be three phone shout.


Yeah, for sure. Hey listen man, last other week man. Get well soon. Be here. Who need to go this we get with some encouragement. Probably wouldn't be, man we gotta, we gotta roll that clip if we can. If not I understand it. But Victor Wouldn be on they can see it. Okay. It's loaded up right now. Y'all see what top it is A couple times for sure. Ja around with a crazy poster that didn't count but you know to the streets it to the streets it still hell that counted. It's gonna be a slam magazine regardless. Slam that counted my get well soon man. I'm gonna give it to Darl Sar man. Jay Green went crazy yesterday. That was nasty. Like you said, you ain't never known for defense. I don't know why you tried to play now, but shit got wicked. Hey yeah, that was nasty.


I'm, I'm gonna give my get well soon to my dog. JT Scotty Barn started clapping, playing crazy defense and you went by. But bro, I don't know. You had a Sprite commercial moment. It's all good. That happens to the best of us bro. Yeah, you know it's crazy. The Sintel posted this. They said, they said JT was the dunk of the year. Chantel got a chill bro. Nah, we love Cecile. I get a dogie will song. Most definitely brother. I'm sitting man for, for life. Achi Hayes. Man, you gotta stop. You said enough. You said enough shit.


You said no crash man. Before we, bro, I gotta have I told y'all, I told y'all you did. And then, then everybody send me, everybody send me the the posts. When, when the next Yeah, they like yeah, school. Yeah, look. Told you somebody was gonna pick him up. That boy nice. He about to resurge two weeks later. That's cut. Hey man, I told y'all let him go. He'll never get another roster spot in the league, man. Like what is we talking about? How they was about to have him and Ben Simmons on the floor at the same time. I know they went to practice like two weeks and Ray was like, yeah they, they coach sideline each other.


You hear that clean, y'all can clean. I'm talking about win strongest as hell from there ball in there. You hear me? Man? Work on your game man. Man. Crazy. Work on your game. Work on your game. You're still young. You're still young. You got potential golf overseas about back you hay crypto or something. Nigga, you crazy. You see Jello, you better jump in that booth. He might turn up Kelly Hayes on the speaker mixes nuts. You might turn, he might well jump. So you need to hop on that motherfucking t tweaker like jump on my boy. For real.


Like that. That's my dog. I talked to him about the song and all that. You feel me? That's that's really the homie. I'm, I'm happy for him for sure. I mean he, he is in the studio with me. He like, bro, how you come up with stuff? Ooh. I'm like come natural, you feel me? So for that to come out and I'm like, see him be in the creative space to where you're comfortable. Yeah. I just texted me, told him I was proud, happy. You feel me? We kicked it about that. For sure. For sure, for sure. Man. Go crazy. Jello beat. Sure. Yeah. He was trying to win some money this weekend. What you got for him? A little baby slip today. You know what I mean? 25 for Kevin Durant. Mm, 20 for Donovan Mitchell? Yep. 25 for K Cunningham. Oh, 20 for Dier Fox. 20 for Jalen Green.


Okay. 18 for Norman Powell. Why you look at me? I said I take it back. This is, let me have my segment. All right. Tyrese, Halliburton $2,300. When you a grand total of 3,500 today. Something like y'all something light Man, I don't know if Tyrese playing. He gave time decision for sure. Well they avoid that bet out. So it'll probably bust it down to three. I'll do that. Be I'll probably take O Buddy down though. Who you say? I probably say K to 2020. Okay. 20. Yeah. Who gonna g It don't matter. He just, he only average 24. I don't think he gonna get 25. Oh, he is playing the Pistons. I mean he playing the Pacers. Not yet. He gonna get that for sure. Okay. Yeah, he gonna get 25. Like he, he, I feel like he's doing a better job of that this year For sure.


Or at least JB giving him the opportunity to or telling him to like certain games. Yeah. You go kill. Yeah, like, like go hoop. Feel me? The other games, we need you to be all the way. K Game manager. Get everybody involved, all that. You know what? Somebody told me and I, and I I, I didn't understand until he broke it down. But Unc, UNC said that and I say I'll tell you UNC is off camera, you feel me? But UNC said that Bicker staff is a better coach than Mony Williams, I believe. I agree. I agree. But the only reason, I only reason I wanted him to explain it is because I felt like in my man Mighty was a dog ass coach.


You feel me? Well, but look how he did our boyfriend Purdue J Knight. Oh yeah, J Knight. Damn. Fucked his career up. For sure. For sure. Look at what he did to Deandre Aton like, I mean Monty is a good coach for sure. Saying I I, I'll watch firsthand what he did to Jay Nevy. But what did he do? Deandre Aen man. He, he shot his confidence now in a lot of situations, bro. We went to that finals bro. Deandre was killing and then there was times he just wasn't getting the ball. Yeah. And then they had the back and forth, bro, you can't do that to your no one player. I ain't saying he called, but I'm saying that, that started that. And then like you said, you saw what he did. Jay Ivy, I love you. Def So you, I fuck somebody up about you. I'm talking about right now, nigga coming to this trip. I'm gonna cut up bad. You hear me?


You, you said you, you slipped up and you said Deon j Aiden was the number one player. Never the fuck ever number one player. No pick. Excuse me. He wasn't that one pick. So what can't do to him, man, number one big. You still a rookie. You gotta learn ropes and certain shit. That man snapping up, you dominating for sure. A you'll be back man. You can come back from shout the strings man. Tell people to tap in. Oh yeah man. And stop ducking me on 2K. Oh, I ain't going listen, I'm gonna let the cameras go off. I let the cameras go off because I ain't gonna do that to you, you my brother. You know What the fuck?


But nah, I'm a multimedia training. Jaylen Rose helping me out a lot right now. You feel me? Woo woo with me becoming a, a better person, my energy. So y'all tap in my twitch, you feel me? That's my little training and shit right now. But I got active classes and all that and I'll be back up here to see my cousins real soon. You feel me? Because this morning show shit was fun. Any new music? Any new music? Oh yeah. Bridge Car Blessings. February question mark 2025 on the way. We appreciate y'all, y'all be safe this weekend. We'll see y'all Monday morning, five 20 In The Morning. Bus show, The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Ard to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Mers here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and, and ad's. Favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And you, we'll be glad you did.