
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Kickoff summer with Memorial Day savings at Lowe's. Right now, get five Scott's Naturescapes, one and a half cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. Plus, get up to 40% off select major appliances and save an extra $50 on every $500 you spend on select major appliances, $396 or more. Lowe's, we help you save Valla. Do 5 28 mole shopper Excludes Alaska and Hawaii. Selection varies by location while supplies last. Sea lows.com for more details.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least he grabs a first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip he shimmies the door open. Steps over the dog. Oh, and he stumbles Oh right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos stronger makes everything better.


Add dry eye relief to your routine with refresh Optive Omega-3. A lubricating eye drop with a moisture rich preservative free formula enhanced with inactive ingredients like flaxseed oil and antioxidants. This formula supports all three tear film layers and provides advanced hydration to instantly moisturize and soothe dry eyes. Refresh. VE Omega-3 is safe to use as often as needed so you can make it part of your wellness routine. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop section at all major retailers. FSA and HSA eligible


The volume. Good morning, happy Mondays, five 20 in the Morning. Your favorite sports show. Happy Memorial Day. You know what I'm saying? Shout to those who served and sacrifice. Shout out to everybody who off work today. You know what time it is. Tune in. Everybody pulled up this morning on the holiday. We got Bishop Young Nacho five 20 mo fellas. Good morning. What's Up brother? What's up with it Man? Who on the grill today before we get started? You know what I'm saying? Who, who? Who making a contribution to the family today? Yeah, what you're doing man. Yeah, be here. You are the resident cater in this show. What? What you got going? Nah, Y'all usually I prep and shit all morning and shit, but I gotta come here. We're trying to keep me. That's crazy. That's that.


After the pink slip yesterday he locked in tears. Yeah. Yeah he gives that too. Right? He was here on time Today With DoorDash. Niggas barbecue Heaven is on. Hey, You know how mad you'll be? You pull somebody barbecue in the DoorDash, pull up with you. God shit for sure man. Crazy basketball that took place over the weekend. But first things first all NBA teams were finally announced. NBA we would love a schedule where y'all gonna announce this shit but I guess we're not gonna get that but let's get straight to it. 13. First and foremost, Kade Cunningham. Okay. All NBA as we suggested Kat third team. Shit, he should have been first team the way he played last night. Tyree Hallberg in that third team slot as well. Salute JW Jalen Williams. And last but certainly not least, James Harden.


How y'all feel about that? I'm very shocked that Jayden Williams, Jalen Williams and James Haren made it. Especially James Harden. I did not see that coming. I didn't either shout out to him though. He had a good year. I was gonna say. Yeah, but I ain't see him making an all NBA team. Yeah, I didn't either. Can we got a his stats Mike, please? No, sorry. Cut you up. James. James Harden please. Who? He had a crazy year. I'm trying to think. James fall. Yeah, that's what I was trying to think of. He did have a good year, but I'm just trying to think. Yeah, he did 22, 6 and nine. We Just used to him having 30 and 11. True. I was just more surprised. I'm sure somebody else that probably could have made it that like Chain Gunn didn't get it.


Okay. It might be. I'm, I'm surprised Trey Young. Nah, I'm just playing. Yes, he did. You know Trey Young and I getting no NBA awards ever? Nah. If That's who's on the list, I'm, I'm okay with you. Yeah, I'm fine too. Say Pascal could have made it but I'm cool with James bro. What Pascal average 1920. Yeah, 20. I mean he did get the Allstar nod so I mean yeah I ain't mad at that but nah, I mean Scar Had some Votes. That's cool. I'll take James Harden for 13. Shout out to James too. What year? 17, 16, whatever year it is for him. He's still trucking along 23 6 9. The team that did very well this year. Shout to clips. Go to the second team. Alright. This where shit get tricky. Ae LeBron James s Doc Curry, Evan Mobley and Jalen Brunson.


I don't like it. I don't like that Steph was shots of Steph oh nine draft him and James Harden but I think K cu him should have been second team over Steph Curry. Facts. That's a Fact. I agree on everything. K Cunningham had better stats. I think he, I think he had a better year than Steph. He did. He did. And that's Steph Curry by the way. Not disrespectful. A high spot too bro. Yeah. K had what, 26, 9 and six? Yeah. On the team that ain't been to, You know what I'm saying? He was 24, 4, 6 meaningful basketball a while still quality basketball with Steph. But I think he probably was 13. Yeah. Swapped that out. Yeah, to be fair, that did go on a crazy ass run though too.


Yeah. Once they got Jimmy, You know what I'm saying? They had a up and down year for sure. But I ain't mad you on that. I ain't met you. I think he definitely could have been the second team. Yeah. Now here Jalen Brunson. I know we was going back and forth between him and Donvan Mitchell. Who's gonna get that first team slot? Y'all surprised by this? Nah, I'm not not mad that Donovan Mitchell got first thing but must had a hell of a year. Crazy. Yeah, I don't like the people putting the stats in the conversation. 'cause I mean obviously jbs stats gonna be better because the Cavs is whooping ass all year. So he played less minutes for sure He did. They Wait all we can go off is the stats bro. We gotta go off The stats but he didn't play a lot of fourth quarter. So numbers, We gotta go off the numbers. I mean it's, it is not that far off. Like if it was like 20 and then 26, I mean Don's what, averaging 24?


Yeah, two points less. My team went way more games than y'all. I ain't mad at it. Nah, 'cause of the the wins. I get that. Yeah. Nah, I'll take Donovan Mitchells on first team for sure. Show man that's a solid squad as well. And last a certain not least y'all Giannis. S-G-A-M-V-P of course Joker best player in the NBA. JT Donvan Mitchell first team. I'm surprised that Evan Mobley made it though. Second team. Mm That that's kind of, he had a good year defensive player of the year. That's What I'm about. Say D player Bro. Second team out NBA at 18. That's tough. DPOY Gonna get you through there Bro.


That's tough. No hat side. 'cause Charles Hill had a hell of a year but 19 to nine for second team. Yeah that's look well y'all take Mobley just in general ever Mobley or Bam out about you like me Evan Mobley right now. Who y'all picking up? Oh gimme bam, all that. Bam. Gimme Mobley. Bam all day. Paul. If if I'm gon bro, if I'm what's the boy name? Alfred? Yeah West I'm pissed like go looks check his starts out What you average I because if you made 17 and I ain't make no teams like I don't know. I'm a little, If Mobley made it, my boy Zak should have been up There. Yeah for sure. If if he would've got damn Near bro. If he started hooping later in the season.


I think so. Damn near because he's on that list. Who just didn't make it 19 and 10? I'm a little upset like That ain't even a joke. Yeah Zoo did Shema one of the Motherfuckers Jar Jackson average 22 5. I'm upset if I'm Jaron Jackson too. Hey Jar Jackson went from DPOY candidates to second Team D. That's, that's cheating. He got, he should fill ways The defensive player of the year boosts him up bro. Yeah but Jar Jackson got point guard defensive player of the year bro. Jar Jackson the only average five bound. Yeah He got point guard St. Bro that nigga got Lou will Stash. That's what Lou will average nigga. He's 17 He came that nigga only average five boys. Crazy. We love you Triple J but come On that is Indiana but that is nasty. I'm pissed for him right here though.


1910 the rockets was number two. That's the same thing. But I made nothing And I got defensive player of the year But I made nothing though. I keep forgetting But I made nothing and I won six TE is saying this nigga made second team and I'm not even 13 Go to the 13 Win defensive player of the year. Yeah but my difference, my team was second in the west too. My Team was 60 wins and I got defensive player year and I average 19 and 10. Yeah but you got somebody but you got, if he Didn't get defensive player year, he would not be on The, I'm saying but you got somebody on first team. Yeah you, you got another guard on first team. What the fuck they gotta do with me? I don't get my award. You wasn't clearly the best player on your team.


I was literally the best player on my second team I'm saying but I was literally the best player on my team. We was second in the west and I didn't get, my team is better than yours so I mean I was second in the west and I got nothing. My team is better than yours so we Get more people. This is why I hate that winning shit bro. Why? Because people get robbed bro. Individual, somebody always gonna get robbed individually bro. Individual awards bro. Evan Mo should been third team at best. Yeah, third. Oh he should have been bro. Y'all skip Ka crawl town? No, I speak Catt should be second team bro. Shit matters a lot bro. Yeah Kat should be second team. I get him. We gonna be, if Kat was second team, I wouldn't be mad. Kat's supposed to be second team. Look at this shit man. 25. I wouldn't be mad the way he played last night. He should have been the fucking MVP so I'm not even mad at So 18 and nine and the defensive player of year award better than this?


No. 25 to 13. No because 60 wins. Yes. No bro, he ka. How y'all feel about LeBron's second team? I'm nothing bro. I'm supposed to be third too. Yeah, LeBron gotta get third. Alright Evan Mobley second and Kat second bro. Gotta go third bro. I feel like K should have got that second team over Evan Mobley respectfully. Yeah, him not gonna by position bro. Kade Cunningham had a very, how did you put 24 7? Nah, nah he was third. He was supposed to be on. Y'all had a good year bro. I'm not mad bro. That a down year for bro. He average 24 8 days. I know, But that's what I'm saying. Y'all used to seeing him do different shit. He killed. Yeah He had a good year. Yeah He did but Kat's supposed to be on the second team for sure. Alright man, we will see you in the chat.


How they feel about this? Shout out to the NBA awards. Let's get straight to it Man. Knicks with a crazy comeback yesterday. Another 20 point coming back for them yesterday in the bridge. 1 0 6 to 100. Kat had 24 15 yesterday but he had 20 points in the fourth quarter and he took over that game. Shout out to Kat. Bruss had 23 unlimited minutes. Tyree Ton had 20 and seven and Miles. Turner had 19 and four now we talked about the game last night but now we got a chance, You know what I'm saying? To watch and analyze. Stick a little bit more Miles. Need some help bro down there. That's all. Pause he was green. I ain't gonna lie After what you said I did. I walled out last night after What you Said last night. That was, that was a classic moment for tea.


If I turn around it'll be a classic. Why you gonna replay, why you gonna replay it? Because you just pause me. Y'all talking Who I was talking, who I was talking Who? The fact that he remembered that verbatim. Nigga. Nigga right here. That nigga, that nigga stay out the stay out the motherfucking shit. Yes. Shout out to Twitter bro on Twitter field. Alright man. Before we go any further than the super chain Big Codys, I was watching five 20 night and I you guys talking about the Taliban. What do you think is the toughest nickname in NBA history? T Ben. That's one of the craziest ones. I don't know. I don't know a nickname.


It's a lot of hard ass nickname. Yeah for sure. The truth is hard bro. What's D Wade's? Shit AK 47. The be a Focal Flash. AK 47 is hard. AK 47. That shit fire. Yeah I like off night bro. They call you off night bro. That's hard bro. Brittany Grinder. Nah the lil the lil nigga on to get Alright we let's go through, let's go these little okay. Oh King James. That's far Magic. Magic got the best name like Mamba nigga. We forget the name. Real name is Irving. Magic is far. Yeah that's my name though. Yeah that nigga real name is Irving. The mailman the Big fundamental ass Train Pistol. Pete is far pistol Pete that Though bro. That's his assy. Who The fuck is Mr. Reliable?


Yeah who is that? Tim Hardaway. I ain't never heard of my The ad Brown. I know Tim ain't never been. He need more players. I like the glove though. Mr. The Big shot Zebo is a fire nickname too. Yeah, Greek free Luca the Gray. I ain't never heard that shit. Luca The Gray Slim Reaper. The beard Zebo. Yeah that's hard. Greek Freak Big old. The big old the morale C Shout today. Robbery said the entertainer when he said that Chocolate Thunder. That's That's a key that look like we don't get his hair cut. Dar The morale. Let's get back to about when he let his shit grow. The size on the sides is crazy.


Y'all disrespectful My nigga Shout on the sides is crazy. Rrg MCC became super said Prime be here ever dunk without an AlleyOOP. Fuck nigga in the yard For Sure nigga the who. Eight Respecting They got the bang. That's crazy. That's crazy. That's crazy. That's crazy. Get bang Was wow the retweets crazy. Same question I that pause.


I said pause Chris Break the game Down. Y'all are crazy man. But Mo I agree that's one of the thoughts I thought of y at some point in the SEC at the fourth quarter, send a second man at KA bro. We had to double him. He was bro was dominating us. Brunson wasn't in the game. I would've loved for somebody else to try to beat this yesterday. I know that Mikhail Bridges had a solid game. OG had some clutch shots but we had no answer for Kat in that fourth man. You know Kat was unbelievable. Yeah, he dominated that game by himself. The real story of this game was that Tibs actually let somebody else play facts. Y'all really think that? What really turned them niggas up Bro. Yes bro. Definitely bro. They weren't even on the SC reports.


We were not prepared to see Landry Shema by any means. I guarantee when he said during Rick probably was like what the fuck he he's coming in, he the shooter. He probably didn't even think about it bro. They don't make subs like Tib. We banking on Tib playing seven people bro. Yeah, does Tibs running back next game? Yeah, he got to. He got to. But I was gonna ask y'all this question fool. Did he do that out of necessity because of foul trouble or did he do that because of strategy? Oh foul Trouble. He to Foul trouble. So do y'all think next game because they won? You think he gonna go back to I'm doing what got me here? Nah. Or he gotta just now he Is stubborn so you never know. Nah, he and I would hope he don't do that but we never, we never thought he wouldn't start Josh Hart. I never in my life thought that he got desperate.


Hey got desperate bro. Shit got wicked man. It wasn't a good, I mean it didn't work. Nah but he just, They was getting their asb. He just, he tried to shake some shit up though. Shit. I feel Him. But now shout to Delon Wright. Landry Shamick gave him quality minutes. So we talked last night Miles Mc Broad came in and went on a run by himself and kept him in the game in that third quarter. You got 15 minutes to spare for them bro. 10 to 15 like come on bro. They can play a little bit. Depend on when you put 'em in though bro. I mean that's when you coach 'em put 'em in at the right times. I like, I like that when Jalen Brunson went out the ball movement man it is like they get quicker shots. I know they play faster. I know it's not a team you wanna play fast against the Pacers 'cause they get up and down and you don't want to get in a running game with them.


But man when the ball move and other people touch the ball then if it come back to bro and hand and he gotta make a play cool but when he had a ball and bring it up the whole time and he trying to manipulate the defense with the switching and all that stuff, I get it but it just look it ain't it man. It is too much pressure on him and like you said it is not even to change the pace of the game 'cause they're doing it in the half court getting all the movement. They're not even band the ball fast. Also credits Harry needs Smith, he just plays really good defense on him. Obviously Jalen Brunson gonna get 40 'cause he's that good but he's refusing every ball screen he's getting over every screen. So like you said, it's making it harder for them to hunt and like you said late in the shot clock you gotta get a good shot if you ain't getting no rhythm. And he used to getting hit too.


Every time he shoot we be letting him score like it ain't no point to giving him a once you not gonna stop him but yeah. Yeah the ball in his head has been beneficial to patients. He gonna get tired like if you doing that every play down. Yeah eventually you gonna get tired. I know he still be killing and they been working for so long but these are some physical defenders. That's our best game plan bro. Letting him just cook hold the ball the whole time. We gonna beat them like that. They using everybody and playing like that. It, it's tough to beat them bro. Most definitely. Yeah they got, they got cold people on they team OGs nice Kat's nice Mikel Bridge. These dudes are 20 point scores. Yeah. Now Mikhail Bridges six for 18. Yesterday was real tough. I was appreciative of that. But he's still a person who will go on the string and just hit like three minutes in a row.


Yeah. Yeah if you let him hoop like you seen when he was in Brooklyn he can get four. He was averaging 25 when you give him the ball and let him beat himself for a little bit man he going be all right and it might save Jaylen Brunson like bro take a quarter off, let somebody else get, You know what I'm Fourth. I don't know why they don't use Dre like, I don't know why they don't use Josh Hart more on like dribble handoffs or like getting Jalen Brunson off the ball or like even Kat, he had the ability to bring the basketball up and they could run some delays kind of like Denver do with Yoic. Not saying that Ka pass anywhere like Yoic but Josh har can pass. Yeah I think if they let Jalen Brunson play off the ball a little bit and just turn into a two guard, I Don't think he comfortable with that.


He liked to have a ball. He kind of like Luca bro a smaller Luca bro. He is, he is. I used to Luca ball the time but I'm just saying the ball bro. I think he, it'll make his job so much easier. Like he'd be so much more dangerous like coming off a dribble handoff out the corner and it's a more action and he coming downhill or doing whatever you gotta do. But every time You know where the ball coming from. I mean he's still averaging 40 whatever he doing, whatever you're doing is crazy. But to see it every time down. Yeah Because they won last night in that interview. He was, he was kind of mad bro. Yeah He was mad. Them questions I was asking was not like, hey are you happy about the wheel I have to do one in spite of you basically. Yeah people sick of watching this shit like Chuck and them. That's why, that's why I appreciate them.


They like bro that's terrible basketball bro. Even though Chuck used to do that when he played they threw it to him and he back down the whole game. I'm saying nigga yeah yeah I'm watching you and this shit terrible. He said hey bro I had to deal with Jordan bro. I still got to the finals. Yeah but nigga used to do the same thing. They throw you the ball, you back everybody down for 10 seconds. It'd be Shitty if nigga responded to him and said that nigga you did the same thing Bro. It's the truth though bro. They still bought my shoes bro. You don't got none next. They just retro my shoes bro. Niggas not buying your shit. But that's what Chuck used to do. But when you watch it, it is like ah as as like oh here you probably see it now. I'm like oh that shit bad basketball. But that's what you used to do Chuck. Yeah Pace was fucked up man. Nixon six, Nah here you go man. We, You know what I'm saying gentlemen, sweet.


We have not won a game three this entire postseason run. That's we on brand. That's a fact. We gonna take care of business tomorrow at the bridge. Bullshit analytics. We'll go back to New York. These are just facts. We have not won a game three this entire Post run. We ain't won a game three yet. Come on beat the next one. We haven't swept nobody. It's a legitimate sweep. You know say we, we nice get you pow, pow shout. It's all good. Shout out to the man who walked up to me in the, at the little spot and was like yeah you gonna be at that parade nigga. I said talk to him. No I'm not. Ain't nobody going. I Parade that. Come here, y'all know what it is And on that note super chat. Brian can't say your last name but salute yo. I have never seen JT happen like last night after Knicks win, it was about time you got your look back after all elses you took hating on Indy.


Damn I wasn't even hyped nigga. What is he talking about? Brian salute team for the five key because you just made that up. I wasn't even hyped. He wasn't, I can't even care. We appreciate your contributions. I I didn't want the Knicks win. I told you some reverse psychology man stop bro. Alright man we got game four tonight but game three belt a ass situation for show in Minnesota. The Wolfs took care of OKC 1 43 to 1 0 1 be here. How you feeling man? Hey you get 30 JR. 24. Nah they was dusting them bro. I mean it is what it is. I think the, I still think KC gonna pull away though. Okay. That was a good win. I, I got W's winning tonight.


Y'all ain't wanna do no late night podcast when my team win but it's cool. Nah. Yeah nobody care about that JV bro. But we, it's Crazy. They stealing my bars. This, this is the real varsity side. Oh no this oh no. One side of that Can we get a Good game? This a two B original at this point. Y'all been getting Good games bro. And we back And it's the, it is better stars on the world side. What DJ say? Hey we back basketball, Y'all got Great tag knock Solid open as Jalen Brunson and Tyree hurting. I mean Tyrese is hurting. Tyre hurting. That's a great opening. That bro Tyree Hurt is Ty Alex Caruso nigga his nigga.


That nigga name is Tyrese hurting on this show for the rest of the what mean? Chad is a star. Is the Star. JR is the star. We got Eminem and Dante and then s not Dante Ho bro and ho Bro. He more Shin gonna kill than him though. They playing some terrible games here bro. We ain't had no fun games over Here yet bro. They it it is been blowouts. We're putting Out classes. It is more stars Out. I'm gonna say right now if you don't matter, if you go to NBA Top 10 Jersey sales, you would not find either one of those teams in there. We won't. And they have the MVPI Just believe who sell more jerseys? Jalen Bronson Or Jaylen b Brunson, Jalen Bron, Anthony Edwards, Jaylen Brunon Broon. He from New York In New York bro. Oh that's why. Yeah. Who the bigger star? Anthony Edward Anthony Edwards.


Oh okay. I mean I was just asking, I just, You Know they just play on ES ESP NDO show so you don't care. They are league passport warriors every time we start hooping bro. The zero's nasty little Jalen Bruss at five. Oh yeah, Seven though. He's seven. Yeah he aint, he ain't shaking Shay Nah. Yeah and niggas is in Tuby Cities. Novan Mitchell got 10 with the cool that's respect. He doing numbers boy. Yeah. Damn that Luca. Damn that Lu a Lakers jersey. Ah what crack cocaine in the eighties bro. Everybody la copped up. I respect that trucker number 77. Everybody locked in your ass bro. Lakers got the worst uniform. 77 Is Ass bro.


Nothing. That shit mid that's worse than 44. Nah nah you was almost you right bro you was 44 70 70 straight. That's an offensive line number. That's nasty word. Alright. For the wolves to win tonight what they gotta do? Same recipe shit they made it tough on SGA they kept their hand out the cookie drawer. He wasn't doing the foul shit. Jalen, You know what they did Well Jay McDaniels went at SGA Mm he was making him guard. They was putting SGA in pick and Rose. They made him guard and You know scorers, they never really been good defenders Only ae the only the scorer I know that really played defense like that and they was going at him.


They made it difficult for him on both ends sports For sure. That was a good team win I think. I think OKC win tonight Though. I'm take it. Nah be locked in KC tonight. I think it's gonna be 15 point game. You crazy as hell. The way they going y'all see that crowd in Minnesota SGA ain't scoring 14. I remember that when I killed the Rockets and the only game we won. I remember what that crowd did. Yeah What year was that? 20 so. Oh okay. Respect 2018. That was a good game Man. Good game King. Matter of fact wrote my highlights. We got on up load, load load up the Drake. What you saying?


Oh Damn Mike don't even know where to start. Hey nigga go to YouTube, Go on YouTube nigga and type in fucking gt y'all fry nowhere 11 Super respect for not Paul GP for some of the wild stuff he was saying five 20 the best sports show get carry on. Yeah we we start okay out. He was saying it a wild, he was going nuts. His post up stories was crazy but shout to OG man said I be giving it to him. I said Daniel, he said I was putting it on him brother. He was tell some good stories. Yeah I know I was. I was just checking about Because I know, I know Guy Pauls Ron Artes bro. Ron Artes what you said about Brandon Roy. That was crazy But G people was too, he's so old like og I couldn't even like he probably would've even got the preferences would like be here was testing LeBron had his medicine that day or night.


That's what he was on. Yeah That nigga stopped me out. I was like nigga So look at my nigga's not standing up for me. That's the whole That nigga boy he sitting next here. I saw he did Detroit bro Got a little bullshit laugh. He was laughing, he was scared to laugh. That Nigga 285 said Telling us that you was going to these niggas ass crazy bro. There has to be another way. This ain't no intro. This the entre that's Better World peace quoting Chance is crazy. That's, that's how he was. That's how he was acting. But he was saying that shit.


Yeah he was tweaking man. Classic episode for sure. We talking about Rod Dylan Head possibly getting some minutes next year. Tara Shannon got the call. You know what I'm saying? Chris Fish desperation about go to that bench. That's, that's what they on. He came in and play. Well he a goon. I like how he play downhill. Downhill. He can't shoot but he'll get downhill. Physical can guard. He got a bright future man and he ain't scared. He like a baby Jimmy Butler man. Like I remember when Jimmy Butler was a rookie man, he had similar qualities of Jimmy Butler. I, I mean nah, Jimmy didn't turn to a superstar. I ain't saying that's what his future looked like, but I mean possibly. But they play alike. Okay.


See some similarities in there for show. Yeah, get downhill physical. They both really couldn't shoot like that as a rookie. But yeah he got some good qualities you like as a win for sure. Especially with AIDS leadership. He happens with the young guys. We talk about SGAA lot. He got the young guys over there trying to lock in to play defense. You lock into a culture for sure.


This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the DraftKings sports book and official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that Code Club five 20 and BET just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's called Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and they did not go over well but the fans grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen. They admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try a OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly would know annual fee. Every swipe at the store. Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This contents not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least he grabs a first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh and he stumbles Oh right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos stronger makes everything better.


Alright, be here. It's time man. How you feeling? Nah, I think it's gonna go seven. I told you it's the real series out here. It's gonna go seven. Okay, so you you're taking Minnesota Timber Wars. Get it up tonight? No. Oh you're taking, okay. See yeah Bro. Watch out. I play out. Watch. Why I tell tell y'all gonna go seven Bro. They gonna go up three one then look drop two. I only think it's gonna go five. I give Minnesota gonna win two. Minnesota gonna win two in a row. Watch. Alright, so I'm going Minnesota tonight. Here go. Okay, see you got It's clipped up. People gonna clip it up. They go now. Three one, it is over but I see three one bro. Hmm? I don't see it tonight. Wait, that crowd was rocking ready. The real JR was hooping.


I know, but I don't see Jalen Williams and SGA getting 14 and 13 a year. Jalen Williams game not happening. His game don't really travel like that. It's not happening. His game stay. Okay, see Yeah. Oh his game stay. Okay. See he ain't, he ain't really travel like that. Like he plays so well at home that it's like night and day. Damn near in the playoffs. Like his game, he'll still have a game and on the road he'll still get 14, 15, 16 points. But the way it look, he don't travel that well to me. But It is no way in hell. SGA get 14 bro. Not doing that bro. No way. Was that his load for the season? I mean we gotta look it up but I match. That's probably, if not, probably won't. There is probably super low again bro.


That's not happening bro. SG Yeah. Yeah. It wasn't even aggressive. He wasn't aggressive or nothing Bro. Okay. So you said SGA matched the class load tonight? Yeah Bro. They took the night off. Yeah, I ain't taking, I'm not taking nothing away from Minnesota. He took the night off nigga bro. Niggas took the night off Bro. That's his low 14. They got down. He said eh, Fuck it. Yeah but they was beating the shit out of them bro. That's luxury. I'm not about league man. The luxury happened to two old lead, two old lead in the series. You know what I'm saying? You could take it out off all. All right. Y'all done woke them up though. They got confidence man. I don't think they was lacking it ever. It just Nah, they for real. They was like damn we really, you can't beat these niggas. Yeah you can't figure 'em out. Like and then you gave him a little light now ae they confidence is rolling.


You see he starting pulling up on three, shooting number three people. Yeah, you can't get nobody light bro. I would love for AE to go get like 50 tonight. Like go crazy at the crib night. He figure I always want him to kill. I just, I don't know man. I think they figured out they defense bro. But the Wolf did hit 23 so Yeah, I don't think they was playing out of they body bro. I don't think they gonna shoot like that again. But yeah, they won by a million points. They beat the niggas by 40. Yeah, at one point in the same quarter. I was just like, hey we can go ahead and wrap this up. Like oh nah for sure I was over there. I had my jersey on and shit. Oh man, I had the green one on Verified buckets. I'm, I'm gonna bring you, I got, I got all type of flavors. I got a gray one. Green one, I got a Prince jersey.


Ah don't worry that purple Prince Jersey is far. That's crazy. Yeah, don't worry. I got flavors. You got the Minnesota Z Berg for sure. I'm a real timber wools fan. Mm. All that hate I was saying about y'all, it wasn't really hate, it was reverse psychology. I keep telling y'all like I love the pastors too. Get us some tickets. You got some can. Oh and that did not come from the pastor. I still wanna sign Autograph for y'all. That was yesterday. I still want to come, You know man, I, I love the pacer. The organization was always good to me. I'm sure you did wanna be next to Terry Cruz. So that's what they was signing autographs with.


He was there so I told you it's a crazy table. I still shitty. He was there. I told you there. That pisses me off. I'm not, I really blaming that loss in Terry Cruz bro. I swear to God bro. Don't come back. Get outta that bro. I won't ever come back. Huh? They replaced me with Terry crew as well. Oh that was a sub. That's crazy. They replaced me with Terry crew. Hey y'all see what happened. That's your back up. That's crazy. Call up Terry. That's a sick ass list. That's that's your sub nigga. Oh shit. Who? Who's subbing for him? Kirk Franklin. Especially when Derek Jeter was here yesterday hit but Kirk off the bench so no.


So Derek Jeter was here. Derek was here yesterday. He Yankee. I mean I told Brady he probably rocking with the Knicks anyway though. Brady was here. He could've made it to the game too. Oh. They did not want to be here. They here for a bag and got the fuck out. He called them Fliess. See yeah when I say something about Indianapolis, everybody wanna shoot B Who? The game. No real nap nigga. That just crazy don't new They would've went to what? Hell yeah front row. That's crazy. And off on row. He got Terry Cruz about to rip off his shirt. I'm not gonna lie. Well I seen that, that pre-game pic. I was pissed. I said hey man You know how many people I listen to this shit, You know how many people wrote me on Instagram and said you would lying bro, look at this shit. I love it.


The fact that y'all told Terry like this is for no reason. They was like we're de they was like we nigga DJ nigga made us lose. Hey bro. Weak ass energy. That nigga said the front row in complete. Where's dj? I promise you won't see me there. I'm doing the volume tickets are not making this visible. Terry Cruz is crazy. We sorry bro. You just No we not get out. Do not come back. You better not be here game four. It is your fault. I ain't gonna lie with Beat. They got us fucked up. They gave Terry Cruz court. We ain't Terry these niggas won. Stop like that nigga. I I ain't no shade bro. He did nothing to Yes he did bro.


It was a all day weekend. The best we could do was fucking Terry Cruz. He let a nigga grab his butt. Man I'm nothing bro. He supposed to punch the shit out that man bro. He supposed to be him big as hell bro. He to he to beat. We not show y'all come on our bucket. Terry Cruz man. Man he ain't never gonna get shit.


Just saying real bro. For now. He made my fucking, he made my fucking Pacers lose man. It was the energy man. Oh man, that's crazy. Alright. That he looking bad still. He been gone. He he looking for I'm my boy Damon. Oh man, he got Torch today for no reason. My fault. That nigga with them room and walked him down.


So see this is why you can't play certain roles man. He played that role in White Chick. Hey we still like so his roll down. Oh boy. City mouth in movie. He said follow another movie. He said come on man. Follow the greatest clip on Instagram ever bro. On shoot. Oh man Child Kanye, when you had 33 last night out to the w yo. Friday MVP. If s call about to get it man she going crazy this year. Friday night 33 and 11. The system almost over this what happens when we work on they got a big three season.


Oh man. Oh shit. It just started bro. Like Game 10, game three. Oh game three. Oh God. Oh man. I said man this feel like the big three, shit. Shout to the best guy going Grace. Oh shit. What's what they play again man? Woo. Oh man they playing two today is crazy. So they playing two today? What's up bro? Who play today tomorrow? Art, we'll go through the scores tomorrow man. Shout play tomorrow. We got some late night games tomorrow. Seven 30. Oh yeah you, you gotta be a sicko to watch the Sparks and Dream game at 10:00 PM out east.


You are too locked in. I'm watching shit. Shout to the Sparks though. Why? Nah they play in la. Yeah. Yeah I'm watching though. I like the Sparks though. The Liberty and Sparks like Liberty for sure. Oh Liberty put belt to ass. They came a nice playing against the people this weekend playing Well Dev. Oh Belt ass. Oh they playing. Oh that's a new team smash team. Yeah. Y'all playing. Y'all playing for Juju. That's what y'all want. That made Juju the squad but the dream and the spark shot to my squad man. Yeah that's a nasty basketball what? Not being tapped in. Oh yeah the wings and son the sons, they trying to sell the team too. Yeah, we'll talk about them tomorrow man. But Get Well Soon. Shout out to the W man. Shout to the fe Collier though. Verified Buckets Cat Man.


24 15, 20 to fourth quarter. Took care of business yesterday. Shout out to Collier man. I'm gonna keep giving it to her man. The Festa Collier code? Yeah. 33 11 boards you put on. She averaging 30 though. Nah, she going crazy for sure at eight game three, half 39 and six. Get Well Soon. Terry crew. Man we gonna get off Terry crew before you strong as hell thinking fuck around beat me up man. Hey yeah, last night You said the real tc you said the Tom Cruise Now give it to them hard wrote that Mike. Ah man Cat booming. Oni cat looking in the crowd. Ah nigga I tune with all the trouble.


Okay. It's so lame bro. He yeah, he can't help it bro. But he's so cold at basketball he be killing bro. He he wasn't the best basketball player all the time that I hate that shit so much. Yeah dude I put you in New York. All my niggas in Rucker Park. You know son all the people that was playing the Gauchos gym, Rucker Paul. I hate that nigga. He is cold though. Yo son. He's cold bro. I don't think y'all got nothing for him bro. Nigga six, look at that nigga. All the girls at Washington Height this nigga. I can't lose to that bro. That's going to piss me off so bad bro. Can't lose nigga bro. I can't do it bro. Yeah then Parker gotta that duck dog get out the paint my dog. Oh. Oh man listen man get well sooner. Aren e Smith.


'cause now y'all was mad at him 'cause he shot a floater. Stop putting that muck. Oh we would not let y'all put, Al was mad at him for shooting Aer we mad game too. When he shot that that float said he was MVPs of the series. Take the floaters out your bag. Keep this niggas 30. Tell in our locker room we good do y'all, we don't need the energy at all. I would never trade on y'all like that. Nah we ain't trade on him. Nah you locked in. Y'all talking about putting put him on the bench now rid me. You were lying. Somebody like why is Benedict Mather not in the game? Wait, I'm gonna tell you right now. This Aren Neman. Really? That's what D Benedict. Hey Benedict Mather is not having a good series at all. Nah, he's not playing Wake up ever since let him play.


Ever since he started getting booed in Cleveland, he ain't really recovered and honestly took on that villain role. Yeah that villain role and, and it's a little bit of, You know what I'm saying of dislike. I ain't gonna say dislike but there's obviously favoritism With who? Rick Carlo likes Coach don't fuck with him bro. And now it's ammunition 'cause Ben Shepherd has came in and gave quality minutes. Yeah. Yeah he one of em coaches too. Let him go somewhere and be Happily. Yes. If he don't, if he ain't sold bro, he not locked in in fucking you. It's over because Jarris Walker could be getting some minutes. I know we had a big prior rebound. I mean shout to Tony Bradley. He do what he was supposed to do but Jarris Walker could have gotten the game and made some decisions too 'cause he's a good playmaker. He can shoot pretty decent too. So if Rick ain't really rocking with you the wrong way, I mean long way you not getting no minutes. So, but it is really justified 'cause they, they nice like I don't even know how you really argue with it.


Like oh no I'm not disagreeing. I'm just saying You know math can help bro. Y'all both have had coaches. If you got a preference and you don't now you got ammunition to to ride with that bias. It's it is what it is. Hell yeah. Shout out to Bud. I know Mathy, he's sick. I should have been playing in Milwaukee. You got a little bias with Dante? Mm nah I'm just playing him talking shit. Dante foot was broke. Fuck that. Yeah it was. Dante was hating on him. Slick crazy. Shout out to the parade man. We're gonna get a better one than that for sure. Listen, we appreciate that. Our parade hold on. Our parade was lit. The parade was lit. I take that back. That's when I was drinking Ace of Spade. I respect. Yeah You know we going to Costco on that.


We gotta save some bread but hey we appreciate y'all. We back same time in the Morning, five 20 in the Morning. The Volume.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree change the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes. It's a per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business Chase for Business. Make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan, Chas and Company.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone or chat. Here's BetterHelp head of clinical operations. Hes hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better hlp.com.


You have a long list of things to deal with. Check dry eye symptoms off with refresh. Relieve pf extra lubricant. Eyedrops. Offering an advanced formula to soothe and hydrate your dry eyes refresh. Relief of PF extra includes moisture locking technology that prevents further irritation and gives you lasting relief. You deserve relief from your dry eye symptoms and your eyes deserve extra. Find Refresh online or in the eye drop section at all major retailers. FSA and HSA eligible.


This is an iHeart podcast.