
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


When it's tip off time. At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay is for clauses to Get filled with statement pieces and vintage vs. Or must have sneakers wait for you And Designer handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors Open to stacks of the rear trading cards in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do at yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things, people love


The Volume. Good morning, happy Mondays. Five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date everything to Sports boy, especially basketball. My name is DJ Wells. I'm the host joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Prick. To my right, my brother Teg Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening man? Cool. What's up with you know what I'm saying? We had a good weekend in Sports man Lot to get to for sure man. But first things first, we gonna get straight to it with the NBA man Lu went crazy on him yesterday. 45 point triple double of the mask took care of the Warriors yesterday. 1 43 to 1 33. Man, they set a record yesterday of May threes, you know what I'm saying? Golden State had 27 the mask F 21. Please tell me I caught that game yesterday man. Did I watched that game?


I Did bro. It's crazy. They set the record for threes and the other day who was there to play Philly and them. They set the record for Miss threes. It's crazy. That was wild. Yeah it was funny. 'cause you know they've been trying to like why are people like basketball? Why is ratings now? And then they put that game. They said this is why. Because because they're historically missing. That's why that game was crazy. It was hella reals going around about that shit. I don't wanna be a part of that history bro. I had a bad night. Don't don't tell me out the reason why the N NBA's fucked up. That's crazy. Yeah but listen man, they was getting two yesterday. Like we said Luca 45, 13 and 11. Like that's crazy within itself. But shout to Clay to get his his lick back yesterday. Smooth 29.


Yeah. Seven threes Clay bring the chopper for them. That's yeah, that's the only time Clay really want a hoop. I ain't gonna say yo want a hoop but that's the time you know he gonna play. Well it is like his game six when he play the Warriors now. That's crazy. I wanted to ask you that. Was there any teams, you know what I'm saying? Former teams used play against me but like all right, anytime I play them it's up. Every time I played the paces I had a good game and I ain't even trying to do that 'cause it was just the hometown team got the chance to play at home every time I played. Played Good. Yeah that that went south the last time. Niggas talked about that. Yeah. Don't start my money off with that shout to press we with right now. Listen man, listen I know you know Warriors lost yesterday. Wigs man underrated. Mr. Always gonna get 20 man.


He went crazy yesterday. Had a smooth 29. Yeah wigs. Wigs is special bro. Special. Yeah but I don't know, I just think Dallas kind of too much when Clay got it going it's it's over bro. That's why they gonna be a scary team in the playoffs and I think that's why they just letting him chill. You know? I mean go kill them niggas but you know they gonna put him back in the chamber. They gonna keep him rested And listen man, the recipe been working 12 outta the last 14. A lot of those with without Luca. I think they can get back to the Western conference finals. I mean they got the recipe to be a good team to make it to the conference finals to go to the championship. Okay. Luca and Kyrie are a dynamic duo that like you can't really prepare for.


Yeah because on any given night them stats could be kyrie's, maybe not the assistant rebounds but he could have 45 points. The impact. Yeah The impact definitely could be that. Now that you said Clay's coming around, he's finding his shot a little more. I mean last night was a great night for him. They still got other capable players like them witty and all those dudes are able to have nights like this. I really feel they got the recipe to get back to that championship round with with Boston Celtics again. For sure. Listen man, a lot of people was talking about this maths team and the Pelicans talk about they might move on from Herb. They was like you know, what'd you give up Dale Gafford in that situation to get Herb on that team. And I'm like I don't know if you give up that size. 'cause like you said you gotta go through Yolk and some of them other bigs in the west.


But if they get another player like that capable defensive win, I think they definitely going to the chip for sure man. Yeah, I think Gafford and Lively the reason to make that team special. Hmm. Both s the way they lo the lobsters and they protect the rim and they both really mobile bigs, they kind of could switch out on guys kind of guard 'cause the Mavs are not a really good defensive team. No individually they all kind of struggle guarding. Luke's not a really good defender. Capable, Kyrie's capable but that's not their strong point. Their offense is what make them so lively and gaffer are two guys that do actually play defense in Cleaver. So I don't think you wanna get rid of them even though Herb is a lockdown win. For sure. And that's what I was saying, they're still like, I mean obviously they're doing just fine.


PJ's been playing well as well but they like they're missing that Derrick Jones Jr type feel that they had last year and maybe he could fill that void but like you said 12 or 14, if it ain't broke don't break it. They going to it. Luca man already got 80 triple doubles be here. You think he could break Westbrook record? Never. You don't think so? No. Mm Nah. No. Westbrooks. Westbrooks was more like I'm going to do this tonight. Luas just come. Not saying Westbrooks didn't just come with the game but he was, that was the intention to go out and get a triple double for Russell. Luca kind of just let his come to him bro. He ain't fucked up about having eight assist one night. You know what I mean? Westbrook was like damn I know you kind of took my rebound type shit.


Nah. Yeah he was intentional. Yeah the rebate, the rebound game was crazy. It was just like hey box out and get out the way. Yeah he was going to get a triple double every game. Yeah so I think that's, I don't even wanna put Luca that type of pressure on Luca For sure. Man listen man we ain't even talk about your mans Dre went crazy yesterday too. Smooth 21. Yeah he got a, he got a muddy 21. A muddy 20 is crazy. No get that dirty 21. It it, it went unnoticed. What A dirty 21 free Throws. Hey he really shooting a ball good this year though. Straight Up he y dog. I got a hat on by guy. He really is though. Yeah the later in his career he he's starting to, it is crazy. He starting to find his shot for real. Damn we could trust him. His what?


I was about to say Dre mine from the middle three point though. What do you call that at the top of the key. Top of the key. Always been money though. Yeah Nah it is money. This last two years have been money. Nah man Dre Had that. Hey you remember the mans that used to say he shoot with a backpack. That's a ugly ass jump shot though. Well he big cash. He last two years if he shooting the bald away better from three though. Nah. Yeah Sean took my dog man. Nah, straight up Now listen man the Warriors they start off hot and know they're struggling right now. They just got dentist over the weekend. Like we talked about more on the podcast later today about that. But you think they need to go ahead and make another move so they should go go try for Jimmy maybe. Yeah they gotta make another move. I thought I read they had to give a minga for Kim Johnson.


They would've got Kim Johnson too if they would've gave a minga. I gotta make a call today but obviously they not gone obviously they not, they don't want to give a minga for. Yeah they need a superstar I'm guessing. So Jimmy probably the next one. Would you though give up Minga? Yeah for some reason I wouldn't wanna pay Minga what he's looking for. I'm sure you don't have to pay him now but it is gonna be a bittersweet ending 'cause they gonna go in negotiation. It's, it's gonna be a battle. Yeah because obviously he think he gonna be a max player or whatever he thought he was gonna be and now they gonna low ball. You know what I mean? So he gonna have to go find a deal anyway and he's still gonna be mad.


Oh okay. Even if they match it 'cause I had to go find it. That makes sense. You know what I mean? I did all this. Yeah. Damn that's crazy. Yeah that's true. And you know how it goes in some organizations you know Alright you're looking for this deal. Alright well we'll make sure you don't play these minutes to get these stats to warrant this deal. It ain't even that. It's gonna be like after this season's over they gonna go to the board. You gonna be restricted for reagent. They gonna be like alright I want four years, 180, whatever you can get. They gonna be like ah go find it. If you can pawn somebody to get you 180 we'll match it and now he gotta go sell his stuff to another team man. Obviously other teams gonna be like they gonna match it so nobody gonna offer 'em nothing unless they offer him like a supermax or something.


If they really really want 'em. That's crazy And they won't have his rights either so. Yeah I think there's a limit to what they can probably give too. Right. Since he is restricted. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So like you said that's double down. Yeah fucked over. You gotta go find it so it's gonna be tough. You never just gotta sign that first. That's why you gotta sign that extension. You never just got to bro because they fucking with you at that time. Like they rocking with you. You one of they guys. They like you. Yeah but once you like turn 'em down they like okay cool now it's negotiating time, now it's time to go to war. Yeah that's how you think the grass is greener. Yeah now it's time to go to war. You think you good enough to get it. Okay we gonna see and now you playing with like mental games now 'cause now you gotta worry about not getting hurt and you worried about playing super well because now the greatest you play is how much you get paid.


Don't have a bad season in this contract year boy they getting low ball and they already done played you up and down. You start sometimes you don't start when I came off the bench now you start again. That's a crash out be for sure. And that and that whole Steve Curve, that whole we're the deepest team I've ever had. Shit come on man. That that play into it bro. So it is good. I mean it's a good bad thing situation 'cause he gonna get paid 'cause he a talented kid. But for sure now it's like hmm would you rather like just go now and get a chance to try, try to show yourself to a different team at the end of the year and maybe they rocking with you. 'cause obviously if they trade for you they interested in you, they might do an extension you know fast even though and I was kind of curious about the Cam Johnson situation 'cause I forgot what his deal is but I imagine that's a friendlier deal that what they was.


Yeah I think he had got a four year a hundred. Yeah something that 25 a year that's that's very affordable for them. Yeah that situation. So that's interesting. That might, that might rock with Minga for real man. We'll see Tom will tell LeBron came back yesterday. We didn't know why he was out but you know what I'm saying, personal reasons he came back, got to it 1 16, 110 win over the Grizzlies yesterday ad went crazy with 40 and 16 looking like the MVP we was talking about at the beginning of the season. Man That's a good win for him man. I guess you be, you be the quality team. Ja had a bad night. Yeah he still had 20 and seven to six but you know what I'm saying, a little off night for him it was a rough, it was a rough shooting night. But the Lakers they had, they had moments like this where you, they have games where you like damn they could be aight and then they look like a regular team.


Two days later they're gonna play Portland and Loop on some dumb shit. I'm kind of tired of Lakers. I hate talking about that roster so much that everybody talks about has so much trade value until it's time to actually make a trade and oh it ain't worth shit. It is weird bro. I just, Hey y'all go to jail turning on your guys. I thought I was the only one violating Lakers. Nah I ain't, I am. I don't purple and gold at all. Me either. I like that's crazy. I like LeBron. I like ad but respect, I don't care nothing about the Lakers. I it's like a reality show with them. I feel bad for the people on that team. It's like you just can't go hoop bro. You gotta deal with all the bullshit bro. I told you ain't the Lakers not gonna be a good team to LeBron Lee because it's just too much pressures like nobody on their team is going ever just really, really killed besides Anthony Davis and Austin Reeves.


It's too much pressure Made them feel the most comfortable. Yeah. Yeah and they was talking about Austin Reeves heavy last week. They was like yeah Austin Reeves is like the third option on Lakers but if he was on any other contender he'd probably be fifth or sixth option. I'm just like when you think about like that and they ask oh man bro they carry a team bro. What they supposed to do realistically bro. Yeah this is their roster. This is their team. Austin Reeves would be fourth. He really fifth Austin Reeves fifth. I don't know y'all. Austin Reeves is a really good player but he liked Peyton Prichard. Okay. Like I'm not mad at that. Like If, if Peyton Prichard was with the Lakers he had way more opportunity. Yeah he'd probably be doing the same thing. Austin Res are doing live what Austin Reeve's at right now?


Probably about 1415. I have to look it up. Fifth. Fifth option though on the team. A good team. Alright fuck up 17. Yeah average 17. Well let's go through the top team at Solid 17 to five is solid. Okay go to Peyton pri at stats off the bench. They probably gonna be comparable to it. That's gonna be stupid off the bench. What are he six seven Man. Yeah that's kind of crazy. If you go to Boston Officer Reed's probably nah he ain't top five. Or maybe at the end of it you go to the Knicks. He's probably at the five. I'm just saying Hell no on The Knicks. Austin Reed's not better than OG or Markel Bridges. He not but I don't know bro.


He can score the ball. I ain't saying he weak by no. Austin Reeves is cold but he get way more opportunity on that. Like Racine like Yeah he get a lot of opportunity. They don't really got nobody. That's true. Like that's true for him to be your third option. We need you for sure to be our third option. Yeah, it's crazy Mike. I see, I see what y'all Saying. Mikel like the fifth option is he had for 17. Yeah I see what y'all saying. Mikel A third option. He a third. Yeah he Oh the Knicks? Yeah he third. Yes bro. Nah, I'm not saying, I'm not saying JD Ka Going bro. He third Option he he's I would let us see how many field goes between him and O. I'm not, I'm not disrespecting is the fourth Bro. What? No, 17.


They both ever 17. I guess it don't matter if that three or four og the og the ball What we doing on this board OG Dude shoot the ball line. That's all I'm saying. OG shoot the ball way. That's why I'm saying he shoot OG O OG is on the back deal but That's why we gotta start establishing some long order bro. Bro. Okay. Might be the, might be the second option if you go to MGA's. Hey OG don't be swinging shit that's I saying OG get it up DJ. You not wrong bro. Crazy. I'm talking about for my personal. That's out of pocket. That's out pocket. No I hate my shoes. Get it up nuts. That's crazy. How many field going today? He taking this year chapter Og. Man do it for the country. It's probably ridiculous bro. Do it for the country.


It is cool. Yeah bro. That's crazy. Mikel, that trainer fucked you up Markel. They fucking a shot. He gave OG more tips 'cause you bullshiting He hooping though. Aging. Seventh day they starting play the whole game. Look how they all averaging 14, 17, 17 25, 25. How? How tips, how That's funny. Wow that's the lineage. Shout the tips man. How I love tips. That's probably what he say. Go watch Jeff Teague podcast. He tell y'all niggas I Lovet. Alright man. So before we get off here, I we clearly, we doubt this happens but she LeBron that's outta la. You know what's so crazy bro? There ain't no disrespect bro.


I don't give a fuck bro. I Really care. Y'all tired of it. I really don't care about He gonna lie bro. I love bro Bro he gonna say something crazy. Well if that nigga go to the hoards I would be like shit, kill Woody Mellow go crazy. My nigga could. I don't know where he could go though. Hey I mean they say he might wanna go to Golden State man if that happens. That's crazy. That'd be tight. Listen LeBron at the age we just do whatever you want Bro. Yeah bro. This is your NBA bro. LeBron SW got go on the best team in NBA and going to championship. Fuck it. Yeah go to Salty. But the funniest thing ever bro is when we start, listen this is the sound we gonna know shit get dicey when he start posting how good somebody is bro.


We get the new LeBron post, we know they on the move bro. Look out for that soon. And He probably like JJ, you got this job bro. You still gonna have it bro. Let me. Yeah bro, I'm finna get outta here bro. Go crazy bro. They like You bro. My son Jersey sells doing well. Hey I couldn't ask for it better. Brian ain hooping in the G League. Well he shooting at least he's shooting shit. He had more Shots than Mikel Apparently. Get that bitch up bro. But yeah I Brian can go anywhere he want bro. I promise it is just sick of it. We we 22 years in y'all. What? Yeah, what we doing? I think Brian tired of the NBA. Yeah bro. Damn for I think he been there so long he probably like shit I'm ready to, it just don't seem like it's fun.


No more man.


Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're also a Draftking Sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns. Grab some tds of Draftking sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use code club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours.


Game on because EPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the Suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's Deadpool in Wolverine now streaming The greatest Stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion, Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rare trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics. The 2:00 AM can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot


edu.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


I don't know because he shouldn't be having to like legitimate, like he's not doing all the caring but he shouldn't have to carry a a team at this point in his career bro. He should be chilling letting the young boys cook. Just facilitating. He gotta do too much in that team bro. I ain't never like Brown with the Lakers though. I ain't gonna hold you. Damn for real. Nah, I liked the the chip team when they had Ron and shit. I fucked. Nah I thought their team was good but I just never been like, I never liked Brian with the Lakers. I always liked Brian in Cleveland. Mm. I thought he was the best when he was in Miami. Yeah, I thought I was like man he just unbelievable. Like when he learned how to start making jumpers when he was in Miami it was like no guarding him like what's that third year there? He got crazy but Cleveland was when he went back to Cleveland.


That's the best bro to me. I was like yeah I never want him to leave Cleveland for some reason man. I was just like damn that was his shit. He built it. You remember playing him when he first went back? Hell yeah. They were sad at first. Yeah they try to figure it out. They had Dion waders in them and they wasn't that good. I was like yeah I'm glad. Yeah That was a dope for y'all. Yeah. Y'all like yeah he got a bad tee. Yeah he started trading to everybody. He was like oh shit Nigga start leaving fans boy. Challenge my nigga D man Get Moscow. He went and got JR and Shep. Yeah he went and got a whip. Yeah.


Timothy Moscow is forever grateful for LeBron James Boy. He signed that deal so quick with the Lakers. Hey man, blessings bro. Straight up wild. They paid him and Lou Wild. That was crazy Off the dribble too. Broke the bank. But LeBron bro different for sure. Sons got the win yesterday 1 16, 1 9 over the Blazers Bull had 28 and five kd. 27 and seven. They need it back bro. Two one. Oh with him they was winning nine without him. That team only go as far as KD go. Yeah bro. 13 and two with kd. We was on a good run man. Then hell I don't know. Need you got wicked get hurt bro. My boy kept getting hurt. So if, If they're healthy, are they at top 14 in the west?


It's proof in the pudding. If he healthy they a good team. If he's not, they a bad team re up. So that's, that means you gotta extend kd. He gotta get a max extension obviously he the he the team. Yeah. The sons will only be good without KD and the East. Right. They'll be only, yeah they can only compete in the east bro. Out west is wicked. Does he wanna stay there? I mean shit. Yeah he, he LeBron at this point he Wanted them too. He can go do whatever you want. Kd you been there long enough, You can't get criticized even more the shit you deal with the Warriors bro. That's, that's that's Oh He's living Scott free bro. Yeah, That's smart. On your name forever bro. Just live bro. Roll up. You gotta do what you wanna do. Find the best. We in the next big city bro. Yeah, Eat the Clefa Kush bro.


Nah for sure. Yeah man the Suns are just man, they just too Up and down. You just don't know. But if they are healthy bro, they scary. I really don't see too many motherfuckers beating them. If all of them clicking and healthy, I, I don't know. Now just, you know what I'm saying For second conversation say things go a little bit different than we all planned this season. Is it time to get rid of people who though? Yeah. Who Is taking cheese contest? We right. That's my point. Who the fuck is, how do they get rooted because I mean Brad Bill's still a capable player but who's absorbing that contract and you're not trading Deon Booker. He's gonna be a fe son for life. If he wants to be like what do you do? That's the scary part. What do you do? Figure this Shit laying the bed bro.


But tap in Bro. Figure it out Because it is over with bro. Nobody want them contracts. It ain't worth it. Nothing. Brad Bill. Everybody taking that Brad bill? Not right now. Next year they might but not right now. Damn, that's crazy. Couple more games yesterday. Patience beat the Pelicans. One 19 to 1 0 4. Smooth little belt to ass situation. Shout to Tyrus Halla Bird. He be killing y ain't talking about it. I ain't gonna let y'all forget but it's cool so well talk about it. Nah, he be killer. You know what I'm saying? My boy been going crazy doing what he supposed to do, you know what I'm saying? We beating to bad teams normally. Teams we we'll lose to. So I ain't, I ain't tripping about it. We, I mean yeah last night. Oh he had smooth 21 to 10. Yeah. Shout where, where, where are the pictures at right now in the stands Jesus Play in probably it's seven through 10 playing.


Ain't Yeah we're eight. Yeah we playing right. You see the 12 and 15. What's crazy is the Hawks went on the run side the seventh spot. But if you look like we said at three game win streak in the East takes you from eighth to fifth, which is nasty. Oh shit nigga the dance got a chance. I just traded they team away though. Yeah they said we went it way too much. We gotta get this shit right back on that. That shit sad to look get that tank right back on track. That shit sad to look at bro. The Sixers can't catch a break man. Yeah the Sixers is gonna get a lottery pick. That's crazy because they're gonna keep losing. Yeah, they can't catch a break. Might as well. Yeah just shut it down. Shit. God told Meem ain't got a choice. I'm trying down for Y'all ain't probably up in those court's getting hurt bro.


What I mean the Wizards are ass. Yeah they're they're, that's a joke. They're historically bad. Three for 21 is a joke. My boy had 21 last night though. Free jokey man. They're like historically bad. Like not for real. Not winning the game for whole month. Crazy. They not they they bowed as bad as that Nets team. When Courtney Lee was there. I think they might've been my rookie year. Damn When he got traded for Orlando? Yeah they had won 12 games. I think they Sunday outta games. Are the Wizards the worst team since we've been to high school? Nah, that next team, that next team that went, that next team I think they won 12 games. No I'm saying just like over the years of being consistently trash. Oh The wi? Nah they had a run with John Wallen now.


Oh no they had, they had a good, I mean they had a good run with John brother. Y'all gonna give them three years. They went 12 and 70. Boy that's nasty. Who was the worst ever? The Bobcat was seven and 59. God damn. Oh that's when Kimble was, that was Kimba year. They was so ass. Hey the 16 Sixers that was a lockout. That's what cool Kimba was wearing them under Armours. Yeah that that Sixers team that was tanking boy they won 10 games. Yeah that's nasty. Damn to win seven games. Yeah they was That y'all played a whole season bro? Nah we only played that was a lockout year. That Was a lockout year. No I'm saying a whole season bro. That's still disgusting. Yeah, crazy. You played a whole season. Got seven games bro.


Crazy. Actually gave y'all more chance to stop losing by playing less games yesterday Less. Wow. Damn. I didn't know that's news to me. Yeah that process 76 ERs team was boo boo man so bad. Yeah I had a career how on that team. But this the Pelicans they on they way too. They take Oh you got the shit off? Yeah I got off on that too but Evan Turner was on there. He definitely was. Yeah. Damn ET why don't you step up? He was, it's a highlight one time he was like that's an offensive foul. Oh yeah the baseline ET with what's happening. It is an Offense. His clip is going viral right now about him talking about the Sixers before Paul George joined. What'd he say? It's starting not to look like hate.


He said them niggas are soft. Why they going to be the worst Franchise they was hate on now all season. He said them they soft they ain't gonna make it. A lot of people said shut up. You said we don't care And that take is looking brilliant right now man. Shout out to ET for knowing the future. Hey man I ain't profit ET we had to have a conversation 'cause he got on Twitter and he was just like growing up is realizing that Tyrese is really mid and I ain't like that tweet. He said that about two months ago and then when Tyree one of that stretches started getting popping I was like hey bro you gonna have to take this shit down bro. No you know he's not, he's spinning that Prophet et he Ran it up ET speaks to gospel et funny as hell. Shout out to ET man that's the homie Fox swing off for sure. Celsius beats the wizards yesterday one 12 to 98.


You know T said score scoring on points you lose Man score a hundred and still lost. They as bro. Hey the fact that like Jordan pool still be like swag and y'all got like three wins. That's crazy made buddy fall and point at. I can't wait till we talk about that in the show. Video is crazy like bro y That is the 2000 clippers bro. I'm telling y'all less talent for sure. But when Lamar Odo was losing about 40 bro they was Throwing oops he Was dancing no niggas bro. They was getting smacked by everybody bro. Shout out to D sha Said I didn't even wanna duck on y'all niggas because y'all was so sad.


That was my little homies. That's crazy. Yeah man. Shout out to JP So Jordan Pool get his shit off. And for you to be doing that in the NBA is fire than Me bro. Yeah but I'm a champion. Y'all not bro. I mean do what you going JP but damn y'all sad. Hey come to that bro. We got you bro. Pull Up. Oh no Come who Allegations? No sir. Knicks beat the magic a hundred to 91 yesterday. Like you said don't score a hundred Don win war cheeks bro to 31 Cat 22 and 22. Man Damn. Yeah Moses Malone numbers Kat is really fucking eating this year. Yeah and that, that conversation you had, you know what I'm saying about him being in in the, in the conversations people didn't like that shit. I know people said what the fuck is he talking about?


Said he was Talking crazy. He don't have nobody guard him on the magic though. So them numbers is you know, but Apparently nobody NBA could guard him 'cause He gets everybody can't kill everybody. I'm saying 22 and 22 y'all. It's crazy. No that's illegal bro. That's some wild numbers bro. I can't believe people was really mad about that take. I'm like damn you having a hell of a year. I mean somebody You didn't say nothing crazy Bro. You know how it is. I know when you say something that challenges people who actually have to watch a game and pay attention to. They always say niggas Don't fuck with K bro. They don't. I was like damn that's the first time I really realized people don't like you. No people hate Ka bro. Like damn it's all good. Hopefully the Knicks can make, I want the Knicks to make some noise though. They definitely will bro. The basketball world is better when the Knicks are good. Yeah like when they're, that playoff run they had last year, it basketball was better.


Is it the Tibs effect or is it the fact that he's playing with a really, really good team as well? I'm gonna give it to Tibs Bro. Okay. I think the change of scenery is good for him. And also getting back with Tib tib, Tibs got a way of like letting you be you. Hmm. Like everybody think Tib is like this hard coach to play for that he ah you gotta do it this way. He really don't say shit. He just be Damn fuck Damn. That's all he say but he don't be saying nothing. He don't be like t go here or do this. He don't really be coaching you. He kind of just be like damn Damnit man. Damn. That's all he say.


He be making the funniest faces. Yeah. Come On man. Tims is the coach nigga if you make a mistake he gonna keep, he gonna let you stay in the game bro. He don't say nothing. He Gonna let you stay the game. Damn. You know A lot of niggas will pull you bro. I swear to God Tim literally all you say is damn and we just watch film. You gotta be here. Damn in the game bro. You could run, you could shoot anytime. You could run anything like you. He let you be a basketball player obviously he gonna put the ball in his best player's hand. Yeah right, right. So he gonna call plays for the best players all the time. But other than that he don't say shit bro. I love him about that. Like Bud will cuss you out. You could tell Bud be bullshit.


Yeah Bud would be like well get the fuck out the game then if you don't wanna play. Like Bud was like very direct. Yeah Tibs would just be like, come on Man, what are we doing? But he won't say your name. He won't say nothing but come on Shout. I'll fuck with that. Shout. Shout to. What do you think Jeff? What do you think? I'd be like shit, I don't know Shit. Trying to keep you at the game. Dig, gimme something. Yeah he like, I'm trying to help you right now. You you see something out there. I'm like shit, get Jimmy the Ball. Did you ever tell him though nigga hit me the ball? Nah, I wouldn't got a mismatch. I wasn't that kind player. I just be like we getting a switch, let, let's try to get the switch or whatever. I always laugh about what you talking about.


He was like I went to Ts and be like hey you have to start the now bro. Oh yeah on God. He was like I can't. What do you mean Tim be talking like Batman? Yeah I swear it Tim, he's so nice. Nigga had a bed in his office bro. He never went home. My fault is go home bro. That's crazy. I hope he go put potential allegations bro. Oh no. No he never bro. He loved the gym bro. He loved being, he loves basketball more than anybody I ever met. He doesn't go home. That's crazy. Is that your favorite coach you played for? Yeah 'cause he was just so cool man. He was so cool. You always speak highly of him and Bud for sure. You always had. Yeah I like Bud too. Bud was like, he was mean.


He kind of coached how I coach now. Like he'll cuss you out but he love you. Like he'd cuss you out and then be like, come on let's go get something to eat. Yeah. Like he know he cussed you out so he gonna be like, let's make sure you all right. Like because shit, I don't want you to be mad at me kind of thing. That's how I am. Like I cuss you out then like y'all need something to eat, y'all need, everybody got Gatorades, what's going on? It's crazy. Try to joke with 'em afterwards. Just caught them all These niggas the field And then you gonna gimme a gator right here. Pissed off. You should said I had to cut somebody out this last, I ain't really curse about. I just said what the hell you doing? He he cursed back at me. Right. I said what nigga he took took me off so fast.


Hey nah nigga passed the right now nigga. Yeah I'm thirsty nigga get that from punch. I took it down so fast but I love them kids man they crazy. Shout out to the Red Devils undefeated out here for Show Man.


Game on because EPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN Plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and K nicks followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally the Nuggets face off against the Suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rare trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s hsu.edu today to get started.


A t will back on track. Took care of the Spurs yesterday. 1 0 6 92 and had 26 and five wind 2012 and five. You know What I'm saying? It's a good win for us man. I guess you know we ain't taking that. We ain't taking that too much. You know what I mean? My boy's still smiling. That's all that matter Appreci Respect. Oh yeah. He gonna smile regardless. This is my friend Charles. Y'all gonna see this summer too. Y'all keep playing around. It's gonna be some moves to be made for sure. I think so. Most definitely bro. You got, you got a star and he ain't got to his prime yet but he's already a star. You have to keep him happy and while he young man get the pieces around him so you can win man. Don't be waiting forever. It's Minnesota though. That's why you gotta do it. 'cause if not he gonna bounce and he'll have every You one to come there.


Nobody that niggas gonna play with a though ae likable but the only person that really fit AE was Kat bro. That's like God is truth. Damn. Kat was okay with being a second, you know the second guy. Yeah he was still killing but he was cool. I mean now he's flourishing his role as the second guy again with Jalen Brunson. But, and it's debatable if he's the second or first guy. But AE was definitely, he was the second guy and it's kind of tough man. I don't know nobody else who's gonna come to that team and then take another backseat road that's a star. Like you might get a a, a player on his way out or a little past his prom. That makes sense.


Like a PG type, you know like not pg I'm just saying like a player at his capable but still not his prom for like a player at his age. So you might, I don't know who's like a, you know start's kind of fading away right now. I could see that. You probably get a couple of those but still get a nice payday on the way out. Yeah but really not still the same player all else fails. Ae go home man. Send him to the Hawks. Woo. No no bullshit. We get over the dj DJs. DJ's wilding but that's not if he plays that motherfucker Jaylon Johnson Nigga we get to the a trey every first round pick you have nigga.


Everyone every single Magic city is fuck that. Pick Z, magic City. We back, I just seen Cam Newton had the girls on on his show The A they back. He had one shorty on this show. Yeah he had two of 'em. Yeah. Shout out to India and Diamond, both of them. I'm about to tap in. Yeah Holmes Cam nigga shout To Cam on man They good people out there doing the Lord work. Oh God Looking Du out Gate It's crazy NL little, you know what I'm saying. Yesterday went crazy. Eagles to care Biscuit against the Steelers yesterday. 27 13 Spar Lee Jalen hurts AJ Brown, you know what I'm saying? They got something figured out. They went crazy yesterday. Yeah won 10 in the Teddy as well. The Bill's Lions game was insane yesterday.


48 to 42. Josh Allen 360 2, 2 tds, two Russian tds as well. Man he looking like he might fuck around and get a VP man. His job's Allen better than this season. Just this season. Is he better than Pat Mahomes? Ah Just this season. I'm not saying career wise stats probably, but no he's having a better year. Is he the best quarterback in the NFL right now? No. Who's the best? The best is still Pat Mahomes and Jeff Allen ain't passed Lamar Jackson. So you don't think Josh Allen's the best quarterback right now? No. If I have to go win the game right now and you ask me with the game of line, I can't get Pat Mahomes. I'm taking Lamar Jackson over Josh Allen. Mm I'm not, not right now.


I love Lamar Jackson. I know Pat Mahomes in the game to win the game. He going yeah he's gonna win the game. He, he like Tom Brady, he got some type of magic. They always win for some fucking reason. So I get what you're saying but I'm just saying as far as like play right now. Josh Allen been the best so far man he, he having a hell of a year man. I think Josh Allen is so cold but they also do not put him under the same criticisms that they put other quarterbacks in in league and he produces as well. But when it's time to get to it bro, I want Lamar Jackson bro. Me too. I like Lamar but I just think right now he just having a, he having one quiet, he had five tds yesterday too. They, they're not talking about it like he had five fucking touchdowns. I I understand he played the star at five tds bro.


Yeah, if we gonna just start normalizing that shit like we do like Giannis and everything else, then that's cool bro. But Lamar Jackson is he Kodak Black bro. Lamar is code though. Yeah bro. Jerry off is good too though. Oh hell yeah. Jerry Golf was crazy yesterday like we talked about that trade. I mean listen man five CDs is crazy. They were through 500 yards that trade with him and Matt Staffy bro worked out for both teams. We know one got a a Super Bowl out of it but the Lions ain't never been as good. Nah, they good. I think they gonna win it this year honestly a's my Super Bowl prediction. Lion it. I got the Lions. It's a hell of a possibility bro. They're a hell of a team man. Who y'all got, let's just make a prediction right now. Who you got one? Eagles. Eagles? Are you taking the Eagles? That's crazy. I don't The Eagles I don't trust Jaylen her.


Yeah, I'm gonna say the Eagles are the Eagles. They deserve less. A FC is tough. I gotta bet on Pat. If I don't bet on Pat I'm gonna go with the Ravens but I'll go Pat for sure. The NFC just kind of scared me because damn the team, like you said, I would think that the lines would come outta that joint but just the way shit line up could get weird bro. 'cause if you look man, the Vikings ain't the hoes either bro. The Vikings is hard. They are, they good. But I, I just, for some reason man Alliances had a last year it was like they coming out party for sure everybody knew like damn Alliance is here. But this year I just feel like, I don't know, they don't get talked about a lot. Like when I they people talk about 'em but not like how they should. Yeah they don't remember Metro House team.


Best they do other players. Yeah. My scary part about that is that division is so damn good. Like you got all the top three teams with like double digit wins. They might fuck around and have a divisional game in the playoffs and that's never fair bro. Yeah, that's, that's always the worst. Not I just feel good about it for some reason. I ain't mad at they they doing they thing for sure and Injury's kind of hurt 'em a little bit. Yeah the Eagles nah I don't see it man. I see I've seen this before. Yeah I don't, I ain't fucking seen this before with them niggas. I like Jalen her man Eagles 12 and two y'all. I know they, I know I've seen this before though. I've seen this before. I don't think that they're better than the Lions. I don't think that they're better than the Vikings and I think that the Packers could get them in the game Respect. But I mean like you said, they are 12 and two, they got a solid team and when they're playing together bro they are a hell of a team for sure.


I'll take my hate out of the situation. They are a good team. I don't know, I just don't know why I don't trust Jalen her nothing. I seen him in that when he made to the I'm sleep. They made that run I ain't like it sleep bro. You redemption bro. Yeah, you right. It could be a redemption story for sure. Like we talked about Lamar Jackson yesterday, man, five tds went crazy. Derrick Ru Derrick Henry 67 Rush Yards. That's just, I don't know man. I think that's, that's the team. I think that like matchups, that whole playoffs shit is gonna really make a difference bro. Because Yeah the bills is cold. Obviously Pat Mahomes got a little injured but I'm sure he'll be back anytime soon. Even if he missed a game. I don't bet against Pat Mahomes in the playoffs but damn those are three good teams in the A ffc for sure. Man, we gotta stay tuned. Yeah, it should be an interesting playoffs.


I think this is like the year, you know how usually, I mean NFL always the most watch sport here but whatever. Yeah. But for some reason I feel like these playoffs for the, for the NL this year is like going to take over like way more like previously years it was like the NBA for me. Like damn, I love watching basketball. It's been some good matchups. I think the NFL this year it's gonna be like back back. We gonna have historic matchups in for Yeah like it is gonna be back Back like the ones I wanna watch. Like I was watching Joe Montana story the other day on Peacock. I don't know why I just promoted peacock like that but I was tap in, I only know a peacock because of Will Smith. I love Peacock. That's why I really got damn wrestling was on there so, but anyway, I was watching Joe Olympics Montana like life story or whatever.


Yeah. And I was like just started paying attention to football game. I forgot how much I used to like football and like watching his story was like damn. So I started watching the games yesterday and shit and just started doing some research and it just made me really think like damn this might be the year of the NFL. Like really back even though the Cowboys are ass. But they been asked for a minute. What type of shit was that? Why Because you know like everybody's America, what the fuck was that? That's America's team and like, and I was just real, why not the playoffs? I was just looking at how Joe Montana, you know I'm a 49 er fan so Yeah I know. That's why I asked why he, that's why I was getting hyped when I was watching the thing. They was like, you know they battled with Dallas But I fucked though. Yeah. Yeah they battle, they battled with Dallas for a bunch of years so I was just happy that like damn Cowboys really our ass this year.


But we as too but don't worry about it. We injured, We had injuries. That's cool. We took, Deanna won the trip. Don't worry about it. Yeah, shit with He Knew what it was. Your team took it. Know what I'm saying? Battle this weekend Bucks beat the Hawks to the cup. Okay C beat the Rockets. I told y'all, I told Tomorrow man who y'all got? Okay see your bucks. Oh no these are the basketball, the sports, you know the, they're deer. We back. Oh the fuck I told y'all Jersey yet. Okay, see Who was going to be in the finals. I didn't never say they wouldn't. I just said I wanted the Hawks to, I thought it was the year the bird and Reon went crazy. Reon did everything the year The deer, Hey y'all see that clip? But Reon closed out one side of the court and like ran opposite corner to the corner to close out. They were just like, I ain't never seen Reon play defense.


He want that 500 K back. My boy playing hard bro scared The D man but I I they am, I'm okay. C can win it. They had hell of a team bro. They play together. Scared game. I ain't gonna lie. That's gonna be a fire ass game tomorrow. I'm Sunday I'm going to Vegas for it. So. Okay. Turn you up. I'm not but I should have. Why we gonna do shit like that y'all, y'all always wanna go to Miami and Boy love how having power meetings do the show Donny. Woo. Why y'all ain't, why we ain't go out there and do an interview now? We can't explain why on this show. See let me do this then we whatcha doing B? This is not this. I'm just asking. This is Not club. I just wanna know why we couldn't go to Vegas.


Oh my god. This shit kills Me because it would've been some good interviews out there. I'm sure somebody we know out there. Shout to Miami man. Got niggas gotta have time to travel bro. Yeah. Speaking of Miami, did y'all see Travis Scott said that is crazy bro. That is a lot of people. You, you a jackass for that? Actually nah, me Jackass for, That's not my type of crowd but they said that Playboy card and Future combined didn't make what he made after that Came bro. Travis Scott is crazy. It's different. That's different. Travis Scott is in a different atmosphere. That nigga just came out on the the stage and started yelling. Yeah bro, that's crazy. I'm the one bro, I've never seen nothing like that. Yeah, I'm, I'm him for real. Yeah Bro, y'all, y'all don't have shoes to sell up.


That's a crazy bounce back on my mama. Nobody wants the future Air Force ones Bro. Yeah bro. Yeah niggas love Pluto. I don't want the Pluto jump Jacks bro. But I need them T Scott Force out the gate hard Elite. I want the purple ones. Yeah. I'm so happy to make friends with family no more run them need 'em. Yeah that them was fire for sure man. Also we talked about on the pod today but shout to Travis Hunter man, getting a Heisman man. Very, very big deal man. Special, special player, special talent. Don't mind my take on there. Y'all took that shit up. Okay, thanks. Yeah we saved you. Yeah, his girlfriend out of pocket. Yeah. Yeah man that that's a club Fox. This is not about you. It's not, it's about him. This is sports show. This is sports related bro.


Yeah, It's about Him. You outta pocket And I've been seeing the conversation. They're like, you know women without prize, there's only one Travis Hunter, you don't play offensive defense. Yeah This is Tom. Listen y'all know I stand on him all the time. You ain't, you not the fucking prize. You're not coming here for y'all Sitho bitch ass on this couch and shut the fuck up. Talking about you the prize ho. Asking this man what? What could I be doing? Bitch sit there. You know what, actually everybody who come up here and ask me for a picture hoe you take the picture, you grab the phone, put your motherfucking ass to work. See and that's how I know his daddy need to be kicked in the back of his ass too. Daddy was gold. Listen that's the problem.


Nah, It's probably you need to be there. Nah, he fuck with his daddy. I get that bro. But you gotta help your son tighten up bro. That nigga, I don't know a fucking commercial on her back. What type of shit? That's soft ass picture. How, how nigga you are a hundred million dollar nigga on your bitch back. Hey ET said I'm jealous man. I ain't never got fuck girl. Gimme a piggyback Rob. I was strong ass man, mother, boy I was A motherfucker. You don get off Ray. Stir your back nigga and be a man. Hey man Bro. Fucks we doing man? I hate that bro. Nah, she was just outta pocket though. This Man out here networking and and doing his thing bro.


Trying to bill for his family and you out here, you keep testing him and he, you know the cameras is rolling on him bro. Yeah. You know they are. And for you to be acting like that shit Young. Yeah bro. But he is too bro. But still like understand your position, you know what I mean? He he didn't put you on a crazy pedestal. He don't disrespect you in public. He's damn near said you the reason why he where he is, he shouted you out before his own mama and them Straight up facts. You know what I'm saying? So for you to act like that, like where her fucking parents at, like bitch tighten up. I don't know. That shit had me hot though. Yeah I I ain't like that. Yeah what, what am I gonna do? I am at work. The reason why you used to live this life is 'cause I do shit like this But you know what we going to do?


Yeah. Like we going to a event a net basically it's like a networking event and for you to be saying that in front of like people that's trying to celebrate me is crazy 'cause I can't really tweak out on you. You know what I'm saying? Like I gotta say well you can find someone and If people don't want pictures and shit. Yeah that's why he was there. Be glad. Usually when we go somewhere ain't no motherfucking couch for niggas to sit on. Yeah bitch you, you be glad he found you a city. Adidas loves him. Ah damn they probably put that just there for her. Hey Travis, we gonna have you right here. We know she be cutting up cutting the fool. Shit your ass right here. I, I swear to God that's how I know he don't have no fools around him because if I was there I'd be like, you know what, I swear to God the next person that come up here ask for a pick.


I get her camera phone. You about to be snapping up. Matter of fact bitch lay on your stomach and take these pictures. Fuck Nah That shit had me hot bro. It did have me hot a little bit. I was just like damn Bro does he one of us bro. And I could tell I look at his face every time he had that smile in that picture. I said this nigga is mad as name through it. That Shit lamb. He gotta keep explaining. He already had to explain that shit with him when they was in the stands I believe before the football game. Like why I gotta keep explaining your behavior bro. Yeah I'm sleep. Yeah We in public. Hold it down. Yeah I'm not that supposed to be Motherfucker Dude you could tell that's trevor's hundred first piece of pussy your bad band. Fuck all that.


If this people was out of pocket see him, he shouldn't even have to deal with her. His people should be like Hey man bring your ass over here bitch be over here working. The fuck is you doing? Ho you finna hop in this motherfucker Uber. Fuck wrong with you. Sit your stupid ass down somewhere. Hey I was cracking up on Twitter where you were just like, I want the patience to Travis. Oh My mama. I don't have that patience bro. I I love, I love my lady. She know I'm crashing out bro. It, it ain't even worth it because we gonna touch every motherfucking blog. We gonna make the shade wrong. Fuck it with me. Sit your stupid ass down bitch you want this attention. We gonna turn up. We finna be the fried couple. We finna be Steven j and Joo on this motherfucker.


No Stevie On me. I'm seeing you back to shoot cup no Stevie. Hey boy. I like hey he nigga Dr. Omar said boy get that pup. Nah Sure nah. Straight up And even I'm like damn that's why I love Deion Sanders bro. Like 'cause they keep that shit so PI love that like he had a tapper like hey we this nigga just won the Heisman. Yeah like what I get you ain't tapped in. Get your motherfucker ass Up like it's the biggest award in college football. You know what I Mean? I don't know bro. That shit just, I don't Know. That's great. Shout the trash. She sat down so fast too. Man listen. I said damn I I think she kind of like jealous low. That's what it looked like. Like man bro you jealous of this man's success.


Yeah you were not shut down the corner. Shut your ass down. Well what's so crazy is we just had a whole segment of the show and this man went a Heisman exactly what you're talking about bro. Get well soon man. Yeah was That's how old girl acting with buddy on the cookout Megan Good hating bro. Yeah Why you jealous Bro? We about to change our lives man. Yes, ride the wave. They already think it's goofy 'cause you done told him I wasn't even attracted to you at first. You just keep making this nigga happen next Look stupid. Yeah just look dumber and dumber every day. Like damn trash. If you thought I was ugly, please don't tell me that and definitely don't turn to five 20. Fuck we if I'm ugly. Don't tell me that.


Don't say that. What? Yeah everybody. You don't got cute girl but Nikki you can't tell me that before. You can't go say that bro. Feel that way before I get the bag. You gonna tell me nigga I thought you was ugly. Like what the hell Like wait till I at least get the like at least I know you know like I can be when you get money you look a little cuter. Yeah. What would Jay-Z say? It ain't no ugly bill in there. I'm cute. Fuck At least I know. He told me I was ugly when we was in high school. Nigga you definitely didn't like me. That's why you don't need a bunch of yes men around you bro. And I get it. Travis is just trying to funnel through this. Yeah. You know what I mean Without all the criticism 'cause he a great kid bro.


He just wanted to play football bro. He don't want all this extra Shit. He don't do nothing extra. He mind his business. He's always good energy, good spirits. That's Why I fuck with him but damn bro. That's why big homies is important bro. He need that brother. That uncle and I mean I don't know why his dad couldn't be there. It ain't no MI just wish his dad was there to somebody. His mom like hey Somebody needs ear to be like bro. Yeah His mom nigga. My mom cussing her the fifth. His mom for sure ain't going For for that. My mama told it's over. She's done. Yeah. Real she's done. Mama tell you to put her the way for Sure bro. That Shit is just my mama baby. Break up my co it's over. She into the blush don head. We gonna move forward in this. Yeah like you gonna find you something new.


That shit is crazy. I said damn I ain't mean to crash. I didn't mean to call you a bitch. That's just the word. I get to that point man. I'm sorry but damn. But Shout out to them man. Get us some hunter. Family. Verify Buck be here. Who was getting to it yesterday? Travis Hunter. I done forgot. I ain't gonna lie boy. Travis nigga Start swear. Travis head is a verified bucket. He won the hot. That's my verified bucket. Shout to Travis Hunter Brew. You gotta hell you bounce back then I'm gonna give it to OMI again. Hey. Oh bro bro she hold on I ain't gonna lie. I shouted out last week I told y'all boy she nice man. Yeah she's so disrespectful. She did the fucking F, she threw the ball to them. That's so disrespectful.


Was that hot Sauce move? I don't know what move that is. She made that up 'cause she threw the ball towards the defense. Somebody did that was every was in the commercial. I believe that move. Yeah but she usually do it away from the defense. Yeah. She threw the ball to the defense. Mm She threw it in front of her. That's so nasty. And would a fucking Floater. That girl probably didn't know what the fuck just happened. Hell Nah. She like she tripping. Hey that's one of the hardest moves I've seen the game bro. Nah she ain't one out there. She good though. She lead bro. I'm really surprised she went to Rutgers. No smart on Rutgers. They just haven't been the best team in the last five, you know, 5, 6, 7 years. They really haven't been that good. So they probably Had a motherfucker different duffle for her though. Different purse And obviously she got there and she can get that shit. Yeah I feel her though. Gino ain't going for that. She trying to put it back on the map.


No Gino, she boy Paige can't do that. Gino spas the fuck out bro. Yeah I I wouldn't wanna play for G The Sham the Sham got is on the way she did that the sham me on the way. Oh she already did the sham me in the game. Oh she did? Nah I told y'all last week bro. She she's lead bro. Yeah Bro was not gonna die. People was laugh roasting me on Twitter then dude here everybody's like damn here you want bullshit. I told y'all Man said you a sham got away. Sham got away. Shout Out to her though. She, she got gun for sure. Man. Shout out to her man. My verified bucket man. Got your love to Luca man. 45, 13, 11. I know he'd be killing we normalize it but that's elite numbers right there bro. Yeah that's crazy. Last but not least man. Anthony Davis 40 and 16 holding Lakers down as best they can.


Man listen a lot of bullshit happened this weekend as well. Be here who need to start that week out with some some love man. Get well soon. Probably double P Man. Double P Jordan Pool making him fall man. Do we have that clip? Oh Most definitely man. Most definitely. I know. Hey don't disrespect my little homie. Ooh touch rp. Now play this one. This is crazy Bow. I have to point at you. The point is funny but look at the past. Why you swaging the past like that? We having technical difficulties. Yeah we got the craziest wifi right now. There we go. Oh damn. The pass is crazy though. The funniest part about it's the wizard are so, but they lose now And the niggas Bitch. But look at, look at the score though.


This would make it worse. He, he pointed at him and passed it. But look at the score. We just out here having fun bro. Bro look at the score. Why are you swag Ain't Mr. Putback, why are you swag and y'all down? 'cause bro I'm a champion y'all. It's not. I'm a champion. Yeah it no better than a war Bro. Yeah I'm a champion. Y'all not I won. I won before y'all. Yeah I'm cold. I can get 20 And I got a bag off my Chip. Yeah bro. Yeah y'all down 16 bro. Y'all out here bullshitting. I'm gonna get another contract. Yeah this nigga here crazy. I fucking That's how them high school. Listen that's how them high school clips be bro. Bro you them activation reels Bro. That's cap bro. Niggas Be losing by 60 bro down nigga score four points bro.


That's gonna look like the best four points. Bryce James all summer TRO for G was getting they ass beat bro. He do two dunks nigga. I thought that nigga had 30. I had to start checking the sta Stat fire song. Oh boy. With the boss man dlo. I started checking stats bro. I'm like, I like bro Bryce might be better than Brony. Nigga called me and said that nigga had four points I went to look at the stats he average like seven in EYB. I'm like he asked no offense. I'm just saying they had them highlights had boys like for real bro bro. Them highlights boy the fuck you Ugly. But I, that nigga love doing jazz.


I hate No disrespect Bro. I'm just saying that's what they did on your for real bro. They had me, they they tricked me bro. Yeah they got you niggas Gotta watch the The game but you know they didn't trick me though. Jeremiah fierce bro Lee, that boy can hoop E Lee Russell Westbrook. I watched Him, I watched him on nd last year. I was like ah they gassing, you know I mean I watched him out home. I said that motherfucker, I've never seen a kid play that hard bro. Nah I'm not bullshit. He good man. Shout out to my dog. My dog John, coach John had, he was, he was coach ED he team. But he told me early on he said like he's like I got a lot of good players talking about Jaylen. He said Jaylen's Elite obviously. He said but Jeremiah, he said he gonna be at one.


I saw him in summer. Right at the Pacers Athletic Center bro. That's, He's a dog bro. That boy different. Yeah. Hey man we got to, we got to ball man. We we need speak on the other side man. Your boys petitioner won picks man. You see that game winner from your man's? Oh my dog Dylan Harper bro. Dylan Harper with the Inn out for game bro. Yeah, full in three. That boy. Hey I'm telling You'all he moving up. Can Wait to the to man see them bro. I don't know they gonna make it but They might slip in bro. Pause. I know yo But he, he a special Slip in is Crazy. Yeah it was crazy But he got a, he got a a knack like you can tell he got like a special knack and know how to like make plays. Yeah like that left when you left-handed.


I feel like you just become a better player. Like I like lefties for some reason you automatically got a great jump shot left hand like Yeah and you automatically got like four or five points that you can get automatically just 'cause people used to go around right-handed players. Yeah. Close out some shit. Yeah. Yeah they close out might be a little different or whatever but he just got a super knack for know how to make plays. Ace Bailey is good too but I think college kind of hurt him. Yeah like I don't think he shows well in college games. Like he's still a good player but obviously Cooper Flagg looked better in college and some other guys dude from BYU look a lot better in college from Yeah. Yeah watching looking at Ace Bailey you be like damn. But like you said they gonna get them in a combine or them live situation them drills and it's going.


You gonna see all that translate For sure. Yeah man my get well soon man Gotta go to the Colts man. They had a hell of a game yesterday. Shout out to my dogs like you're getting that interception. I see you nasty. But that game yesterday was absolutely ridiculous and technical difficulties. There we go. They tried, you know what I'm saying, get on they mad 96 and threw a pick. Who threw it wasn't ar for once? Nah ad Mitchell he Threw two though. Jesus. He did. Oh boy. Threw three and they still won though. Bo Nixon that third quarter, that game yesterday is one of the most ridiculous football games I've ever Seen. I don't like Bo Nicks 'cause he know Jeezy lyrics.


That was a, that was a bad play call though. Yes it was the blockings ass though. Check him out. Yeah, well soon Coach Man y'all should won that game yesterday. Johnson Taylor almost crossed the end zone with the, you know what I'm saying, let it go fumbled out of bounds. They had a fucked up game yesterday man. My boy Z had an interception though. That's all that matters. Yeah Z definitely got a nice look. I ain't gonna lie to you. I ain't never watched the coach game since Pey man left. You ain't watch one Long time Nigga. Andrew Luck was always hurt. Nah, you're not gonna disrespect Andrew Luck now. That's nigga can't nigga was. Damn. That's Andrew luck bro. Nigga ever do it bro. Nigga nigga you out only did it for three years. You out of pocket bro. How long he play Checky DJ Andrew Luck is elite bro.


How long Luck nigga was running for his life on that team. That's what I'm saying. He didn't get old line until after he left bro. Put up historic numbers. Yeah Andrew Luck was gas man. Checky what He was nigga yo as about that bro. Andrew Luck was gas y'all y'all nigga y'all love Andrew Luck. What did he do for it? What did he do here? Well he did the best he could bro. Yeah that's nothing nigga. That's what I told him. I know I'm 101. That's all I got. I ran outta d ain't do nothing bro. Sta bro. He had good stats but shit. Glad your luck was cold. What are we doing? Shit, what'd he do?


Hey Jeff crazy. You would've loved to have him on the 49 ERs? Nah you would've loved to have him. I mean yeah I mean shit. Hey look what we was working with. We had fucking Jeff Fool. What Was my nigga name that was there? Andrew? What's his name? Smith? What fucking nigga got hurt all the time nigga that really had the real injury. He came back. Alex Smith. Alex Smith? Yeah I something else boy. Man my nigga Kaepernick came. Yeah but you you, you gonna catch up about that one boy. What did he do? Boy That nigga Andrew Luck he lead bro. Are they had the comments on that Andrew Luck was not like that bro. Andrew's look cold as fuck bro. No he wouldn't bro. Who the coats are a blessed franchise for you to go from Payman to Andrew Luck bro.


Not normal nigga win. It was more like depressing but they were good though. Oh y'all niggas sleep. Andrew Luck was cold. You just like the coach. He ain't do nothing. I ain't even coach fan. What? What did they win? What did they win? Co playoffs wins. They ain't go crazy but I know what you talking about. We glorify other niggas who don't win. Shit. Josh Allen ain't won shit. Josh Allen better than Andrew Luck. Hey what's the part that you got Josh? Allen. Allen better than Andrew. I'm taking Andrew Luck over bro. Gimme Josh Allen bro. Gimme Andrew Luck bro. Look at that. That's not a real picture. Look at this nigga steroids. What is this? That that is crazy. He big as shit boy. Wow. Nigga be like Goldberg My boy just didn't want the CT bro.


Besides bro. Bro, shout to Andrew Luck but he ain't do nothing. He saw simmering bro. He ain't want that smoke. I know y'all are crazy man. Alright. Be here. Start the week off with some money man. What you got for Man Travis? That shit just, I dunno if I, I got the part like Travis crazy over, under years be together Under for sure not over. Because you know what he celebrate her. It took a little bit too much bro. Yeah he Going, He going I think Travis gonna try to make that work just because we all saying get rid of her. So Respect Whatever man onto this draft King shit though. What you got for him? Monday morning Crown is yours man. Travis a crown is yours.


Remember that? Not hers. You the prize Clearly. Hey the Crown is hers. Dr. DeMar says you the prize. He said I'm really mad at him. I'm not gonna say nothing 'cause I respect that young brother but we know he should have had a black girl. But I said damn bro. What's wrong with him? Hey know it's funny. They said boy if Kevin said could be here now Boy Kevin died on that shot. We need you. What's wrong with them man? Come on man. Alright. Put the picks in so we can leave. Alright. Lalo Ball score 25. He playing again? Yeah. Oh Jesus Christ. Y'all Lalo Ball to get 25 Tyrese Maxey, he gonna get 20 Miami Heat will win.


Chicago Bulls will win. The Nuggets will win. The Clippers will win. The Cavs will win. Damn. Two 50 is a light day. We'll get you a grand total of $15,000 today. Super light. It's light something light. Two 50 for 15 bands. That's light man. That's a good way to start your week off. You know what I'm saying? Up 15 bands. It's almost the holidays. Get them gifts. Jesus. Yo man, this has been a great show man. We appreciate y'all. We got a dope podcast dropping today at 12:00 PM in Eastern Tap in We on that motherfucker going crazy doing what we do best. We'll be back tomorrow morning. That nigga went in on Travis Hunter eyes, Girl, niggas is crazy. The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community, the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home at Explore Minnesota dot com slash live.


What's good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com.


Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime. Forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York, and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up. It's golf.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this holiday season. Make sure you set aside time for self-care now through December 31st. Shop in store and online for participating self-care products and get four times points to use for discounts on future grocery and gas purchases. Stock up on self-care favorites like Pantene shampoo, Gillette Fusion, and Pro Glide razors, Tampas tampons, Aussie base hairspray and pamper swaddles diapers. Offer ends December 31st. Restrictions apply. Promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com For more details.