
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna save big with cashback offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can too. Don't just pay PayPal Check offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cash back earned is points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


The Dating app fatigue is real. Mindless swiping meaningless. DMS and an overwhelming amount of likes have made us feel more disconnected than ever. While most dating apps are all about pursuing someone else, there's one that's carved out a space for you to find yourself. Download field F-E-E-L-D On field, an app where curious people come to connect. You have the breathing room to explore your own desires and go on a journey wherein the person you discover is yourself. In fact, 62% of field members evolve their sexuality interests and desires within their first year on the app. You have the freedom to explore who you are and what you like in ways you haven't imagined. As part of this community, you'll quickly find that people regularly practice honesty and openness. See any field bio Download field, F-E-E-L-D On the app store or Google Play.


PK Holiday Magic is in the air and DSW has got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you or DSW dot com.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Thursday, it's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date. Everything in the sports world, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Hendrick. To my right, my brother t fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's Happen? I don't want nobody. Yeah, Okay. That's what's on the playlist this morning. Playing. Yeah, I was playing that knee. I seen you got a couple girls. I was like, I feel the vibes. Yep. Ute respect. I I gotta ask you on this, It's funny because I typically you come in here playing, you know what I'm saying? The RP music which I go to like vibe In The Morning.


Does it matter? Y'all got like a little set play y'all chilling with No man, I usually play John May room for Squares album, but I can do RBI can do whatever though. It don't matter Man. I'm like super r and b old school to the nineties, like seventies to the nineties. On my way here this morning I seen a group and I seen a car YN playing dirt and I was just like, I want to get away from 'em so fast this morning. I don't know what's on their spirit at 7 45 this morning that they probably got some hot Cheetos in their car playing dirt. That's crazy. Ain't no telling what type of time they on for sure. I played Weby like that yesterday on the way up here though. And then that's Gospel though. Yeah, And then 12 play They need to go to hell.


You can't Play 12 the way to work. I mean if he did it kill him, but the music lives forever for Sure man. Listen, he definitely did it but Guilty as Fuck. Proof is in the pudding but My bad Johnny Cocker Out of pocket. We didn't have no old ball yesterday. We got plenty of basketball tonight though. A couple previews we're gonna go through Keep you all settled for the week and weekend. Nick t will tonight Man Kat makes return to return to Minnesota tonight. What's up with It? He gonna kill tonight. That's gonna be a, that's gonna be a good feeling for him man. Come back to where it all started for him in the league. Probably gonna have a big game. Yeah sure. He probably want to go for 50 Messing around in Mike.


Listen man, We gonna, whoa fuck. He might really crash out tonight. Like I would love to see him get Rudy 50. That would be hilarious. Facts. Alright man. Nick 16 to 10. They looking at third to east right now. Where do y'all think they go finish up in the east Early. Me predict too early. What top five easily though? Yeah I got 'em. It's sweet out east. I got 'em four or five. I think Milwaukee gonna make a run to get to the three C but I got them four or five. I like to see a Milwaukee magic first round matchup. Okay. I think that's what it's going to be. It'd be a cool matchup. Well whenever after the play in stuff, whatever my thought process is, I wonder what's gonna happen with the next 25 games with the Cavs. Like do they regress? I mean even if they keep going at this pace at some point do they get caught by the Nicks in Celtics?


I think the Celtics got a chance. I don't think the Nicks but Cavaliers will be one or two. They playing too. Well they Just got a good rapport right now. What up? Alright man. I know we talked about this enough but so far with this trade, who y'all feel like won this trade so far? Oh the Knicks. Knicks Easy Cat went over and turned up, kept shit going. I, I said that though before the year started. You did? He said that he was getting Shaq and Kobe so I was like You over there shoulder shrugging For him? I was just yo NBA insider. I I thought you had more tapped into the Well I mean it happened. I can't help you know when I'm coaching my team he said you was the real, I always tell them I can't play for y'all man I gotta go off here and play For Nah that's what they say to me.


That's what they say to me. So all the coaches I coach you get say to me, Look still about y'all always try to take my moment. Hey, when we dropped that re they was just like, they like team B Hay would be here. Right. He really knew nigga. That's because he be when I Right the real insider. No you know ha with I'm right Mike for sure. Tell them about the upgrade. Come on. How y'all feel about these new lenses. Y'all shout out to Freaky Mike. Shout out To the production team going crazy man. You think the wolves gave up on Cat too early?


Yeah I think they had another run in 'em. I mean obviously they just had the best year in the franchise whatever. Yeah What they make to the Eastern Western conference finals. I think they was one step away, like one piece away I should say from making it to the finals and actually competing for a championship. Probably taking the Celtics on a Probably the 7, 6, 6 or seven games. For real. They probably needed one more scoring third off the bench. Yeah. Yeah. And then they could have been a complete team almost but, and I think they gave up a little early. I think Kat obviously he is in his prime playing unbelievable right now and I think he's a better player than Jr. I mean obviously he makes more money but I think they had one more urinal for for sure.


And it's always interesting to hear about how like money can mess up a good thing. 'cause like James Har was on a podcast talking about how $4 million really messed up him saying okay seeing them having that team like so in hindsight it's like yeah you saving money, we know we wanna move on because to make the finances work. But they definitely feel the difference in that. 'cause like you said, they could have had a hell of a season, they could have got to the midpoint and then added one of these disgruntled stars or somebody looking like we got a lot of role players that's up for grabs right now. They could have added another scoring thread on that team for sure and been a finals contender for sure. But be him man. Seventh place in the west. What they gonna do? Man We struggling. We struggling, we we low key as. Oh Okay. You don't feel as optimistic as you have been? No, no no. I'm saying early on like you know it's 82 games but we, we, we as right now but for us to still be competing out in the west, I'm okay with that.


I just, I had higher expectations for us this year. So if they don't figure it out by Allstar break, well a little bit after Allstar break they probably threw, Damn you think they got that much time? They're gonna ask you where you see that gonna finish up. You think? Are they a playoff team? For sure. Yeah they a playoff team. Even if they slip down to the plan, I think they'll get in but I just don't know if them making no real noise. I don't think they can fuck with the thunder, the nuggets, any of those top teams out there. They, I don't even think they're better than Memphis. Nah. So I I agree they, I feel like they took a, obviously they did take a step back 'cause last year they were one of the top teams. Yeah but I just think they're missing that present Cat is a 20 and 10 guy and he could, he could shoot the three.


Yeah y'all should have sent fucking Rudy to New York. They, they definitely did not want that. The next one was nothing. No Fuck y gave me. Alright who get the dub tonight. Next lay up Rudy. Fuck he always make that face too. I swear bro. Fuck. Shout tot Who can the dubs tonight fellas? I'm up and down with it. I don't know. I'm gonna be real, I Think playing em Minnesota. I think ae he one of those kind of guys. He, he love those kind of moments and I think he gonna go crazy and ruin Cat return. That'd be far. He drop a 40 piece and talk some shit to Cat like the fuck Outta here. Yeah he on that.


Yeah he on that for sure. I think he might ruin cat return. Sure man. Alright man we go tip Bulls across the board. I, I'll take Nick. Okay, turn up. Where is that Grizzlies then? Shorter debut man, that's gonna be a nice game. You welcome Dennis. You see wearing number 71 1 More. I didn't choose the number. Jeff did. I ain't So you picked the destination? Jeff picked the Jersey number. Okay. I I'm sure probably wearing 71 'cause 17 is probably retired. Maybe Chris Mullen possibly. I think Chris Mullen wore 17. He did. So that's probably retired so he probably had to flip it. 71 is wild though.


Yeah that is crazy. So I wonder how many jerseys they got retired up there? No disrespected. Chris Mul, you know He going, he gonna hoop out there though. Run tmc was that shit? Yeah, I think. Yeah correct. I think Dennis gonna play really well up there. Yeah. Rick Barry. Yeah, I'm, I'm a little worried but this is a, this is a tough game to play for your first game at Memphis. Yeah Your first assignment is Ja with a new team. Good thing about Dennis's competitor though. So you know he gonna buy and compete. Yeah. Playing Ja for your first game on a new team is gonna be a little tough in Memphis too. Hell yeah. I I don't wanna move on from this the, the ARD numbers in Golden State's crazy boy. They gonna have to change some of them. What you mean they gonna have to ask some people up there bro.


What Chamberlain 13. Damn Chris Muller Rick Berry? Yeah, Nate Thurman but 30 up there now. Oh yeah Steph Dre and Clay out the gate. Yeah. Nice. Put BD jerseys up there just for the fuck of it. I ain't mad At it. Somebody on we believe gotta get retired Bro. Chris Muller was so raw on NBA live Bro run TMC one of my favorites bro. People forget how raw Chris Mullins was 'cause when he came to the person he was still cold but he was old. Old bro and he still was still cooking shit too. Yeah he still, I didn't know he was that tall. I always saw Chris Mul was small. I didn't know he was really hood though. Yeah you see that?


You see that cut? Yeah that's definitely you know some he started talking, he like he super New York with it. I'm like damn you from what? That'd be a dope interview. Oh Y'all love to have Prince Bones on bro. Yeah bro they went TC eras him. Come on bro. They was going crazy. They had Timmy Mitch Richmond is special Too. One of my favorite two guards of all time. Mitch Richmond bro. And it was all day Prime too. I had that Reggie Miller argument all the time. He said he used to get lit too like all the time. Yeah he used to have a little bit of a problem. Yeah but he was out there cooking off off of what's happening. Yeah, off the pint. So that's what I'm saying bro. That's when you can be drunk and still be effective and help your team be Lit. He was different bro. You Special Bro.


Bro that's illegal bro. Too many niggas who been drunk. It's different when you hoop high but hooping drunk bro. 30 Off the pint is crazy. Yeah bro. Off the Jack Daniels getting 30 you would lead bro. Yeah. You said you used to have a conversation Ms. Richmond and Reggie? Yeah. Oh I used to have all my friends used to love Reggie Miller bro. I was just asleep. I just liked Miss Richman because he is a big guard. Super strong. Yeah. I fucked with Mitch Richmond a couple of live too for sure. Listen man Words are still looking to make some additions of these couple names we got out here. Who I think is a likely possibility got Voch or Zach Levine coming down from the Bulls. Jimmy Butler or Lori marketer. Yeah, Lori Marketer is on the trade. Man, somebody get Lori even if he don't go, They been trying to get him for the whole summer. Utah was charge.


I didn't, I was asleep. I don't Think they was, they was waxing. Man, somebody gotta get Lori man. I'm I'm so happy to see that he's about to be free. I'm sorry I missed that but yeah, I'm, I'm hype about that. I don't think they getting Lori. They've been trying too long. Yeah, I mean somebody, I can see them, Somebody can see Boots or Zach Levine more, more likely than Jimmy Butler or Lu Zach Levine would be lit Though in the crazy world. How could they get Zach Levi vouch? Because I feel like the Bulls will do a crack deal. It's not above all those young guys. Minga. You be a roster bro. Minga and Wigs or Zach Levia. Voch terrible. They gotta give a Minga and some of them young guys probably some of young guys in pigs probably.


But yeah, BP Domingo some. That's a hell. Tardo What? What is it? What would it be? Shooter? Are you starting stepping in this together? Yeah, they, he starting on night. He said oh turn me said he starting. Oh Turnups Ste on that shit. So if you start them two, Zach Levine, Draymond and Voch. That's a terrible one. Yeah, that's a little too much. Yeah. Gimme Trace. Yeah I I didn't really think yeah Draymond and Bouch together is too much. Gimme Trace now if you gonna start Dennis and stuff, you gonna have to do something else. Yeah I mean but if you do that situation, wig could probably stay. I Yeah I They gotta keep wig. Wig is, wig is playing good. Yeah you can't give up Andrew Kins.


Yeah maybe that ain't the move. But like you said, if lower marketing could get there, that's dangerous. Glory Marketing. Yeah but then you have to give a minga for Lori Marketing. That's Myo BP Couple picks for Lori Marketing. Yeah I like that team. Yeah bro. Get an Allstar on his prime. I'm something. Yeah, I like that team. Do it with no hands. Alright Grizzlies 18, nine second to West Special Team bro. It's the Ja Effect Special team. That's What I was gonna ask you. How do y'all feel like this team can do this? Because like it's, they ain't really under the radar but they don't get as much conversation as they probably should. Especially where they're positioned at so far this season and Ja has missed games and they still like managed to be where they at right now. It's amazing just him being around and like him being part of the team.


They swag is just different. Like when he was gone last year, suspended couldn't play all that stuff. No energy ass. But just him being on the bench sometimes and when he's out with injury or whatever, they swag is different. Yeah. And it's funny because they people on Twitter been talking about you. They're like man, shout fatigue. You know what I'm saying? Keep throwing the Cam Camp Johnson allegation on my team. We want that to happen. And then some people like, hey we still getting Gigi Jackson back. Hold up Gigi. But I mean at the beautiful thing about Gigi, he come off the bench and be an energy guy. Cam gonna be up man. He gonna be the perfect addition for y'all bro. I'm telling, I'm gonna turn him up bro. So who get a win tonight? That going Warriors or Grizzlies?


Ja Lift for the moment. I'm going with Ja. I'll take Steph. I was gonna say I feel like this might be one of nights when Steph get on his bullshit in, in Memphis too. It's gonna be a hell of a game though. It's gonna be a hell of a game. Yeah, I'm gonna go with Ja. Ja to that boy Z 80 too. Man. That healthy Yet? Nah, I was just saying Andrew, I'll be thinking about I I gave him hell watching him move at Purdue, everybody Did. To see how he moving when he healthy is crazy still to me to this day bro. Exactly. So my apologies King. Yeah, people didn't think he was the N NBA A player. They was like damn he ain't gonna make it. I thought he was an N NBA a player. It is just bro, the mobility bro. I don't know what they did to him bro. 'cause he was not running the floor like that in college, bro. Yeah, He wasn't playing with, it's crazy.


He wasn't playing with Ja either. You see them, them them white steady playing guards at Purdue. Boy. Shout out to my boy Braden for show. You know what I mean? But I don't know, that's just, I never seen no shit like that in my life, bro.


Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns, they're on sale. A Draftking sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns. Grab some tds of Draftking sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the DraftKings Sports book app and use Code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to check you have the tickets in your wallet first before you drive two hours to the big game. Seriously, you had one job. Now the closest you'll get to the 50 yard line is parking lot. D Yeah. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois.


The Dating app fatigue is real, mindless swiping meaningless. Dms and an overwhelming amount of likes have made us feel more disconnected than ever. While most dating apps are all about pursuing someone else, there's one that's carved out a space for you to find yourself. Download field, F-E-E-L-D On field, an app where curious people come to connect. You have the breathing room to explore your own desires and go on a journey wherein the person you discover is yourself. In fact, 62% of field members evolve their sexuality interests and desires within their first year on the App. You have the freedom to explore who you are and what you like in ways you haven't imagined As part of this community, you'll quickly find that people regularly practice honesty and openness. See any field bio Download field, F-E-E-L-D On the app store or Google Play.


Pk, This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoda. Copy from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays.


For sure. Man. Couple games you gotta go through Jazz at Pistons. Is that the Tuby game of the week? For sure. Oh nah, I ain. Two favorite teams. Hopeful. Favorite teams. You and Fatigue. I like the Pistons but that's the Tuby game of the week. So that's a, that should be a belt to ass situation for the Pistons. Jazz ain't playing for shit thunder at Magic Thunder. Yeah they gonna, they gonna bounce back. Yeah. Magic down with injury. That'd be a hell of a game if everybody was there Though. I know that's a hell of a flight though. Vegas to Orlando. Fuck Thunder. Like I'm pissed Vegas to Orlando, Man. DJ whi what?


No, I'm saying they just played in Vegas at Thunder. Did that was a couple days ago, bro. That be the okc. We good bro. They ain't go back home. We good bro. We used it a couple days ago, bro. We Played it on Tuesday. Oh yeah, Thursday bro. We Straight. Yeah, they ain't fly back home. They flew to around Orlando yesterday. We straight though. We ready to roll. Okay. You had a, you had a call with your guys? Yeah, We alright man. Everybody held, everybody in good spirits after that loss. Man. That team, them team face calls be frustrating. Something nice but Oh yeah. Oh my god. Niggas Don't have FaceTime calls with their team Bro. You not in a league though. You Tapped Out bro. You played in the nineties bro. That's You. The nineties is crazy. You got somebody was you right.


I'm a old head y. Y'all FaceTime call. Make sure y'all tell me because I, I ain't no niggas Doing it. I mean we'll let him come in and say hi y'all let him wave and get off man. Nigga be telling this shit Out of pocket. I'm about to start addressing people like OTF Jam. Just start making writing notes down to address shit with the ISO camera. Yeah. Yeah. That dude is hilarious man. That's crazy. He said Juice never. That's a surpris. I was rolling. Read that shit. Hornets at Wizards. Hornets, man that's definitely the, the back end of the Tuby Classic. That's The varsity game. I don't know. That's, that's the Ity game.


That's JV bro. Nah, Y outta pocket. Who better? The Wizards for Jazz Y outta pocket. Y'all Jazz. I'm not letting y'all do the Hornets like That. That's the JV game bro. Y'all Wild. They play at six o'clock. Y'all wild? They at six o'clock on Tuby Detroit playing at seven 30 No Pocket. Chad K Ne. But I'm nothing bro. Hey, the Hornets is more lit. So who better between the Wizards and the Jazz? I don't know. The jazz bro. Wizards are off. Yeah, this has to be the JK League. I know y'all tapped in but on my soul, I can't name six players on the Wizards. Dang. I can with Jordan Pool. I can name. Yeah, Jordan Pool, bill, bill, I don't know.


I say K, whatever his name. French. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Shout Country. Cool. I well check Bill Tune is and then they strapped a young boy from Pittsburgh. What's his name? I ain't know. No, it's Marshall Friends. Oh Justin. They got Alex Sar but they rap as a point guard from Pittsburgh. Justin. Nah, Well that, that's that. That roster's wicked. I don't know the young boy Pim Nobody. But he, he was good in the summer league too. He was good in college though. SQ Bay play for them. I ain't seen out there in a minute. Am that nigga still in the league?


Johnny Davis. A lot of them niggas was in the club with us in Vegas. Malcolm Brog didn't play there. I did not. Oh, Carl, but Carton Cole. Yeah, I, I can't remember his name. Yeah. So yeah, I don't know who, I ain't know Malcolm Brockman was out there. Yeah, he out there chilling. All right. You he a quality player man. He might to get traded. He's on the block for sure. That's a good pickup for somebody. He's, They not even playing for that reason. He got healthy yet. He's on the block for sure. Brag be a good pick for a couple teams. Like I think we need to up. I know hate hate it there. Damn. He probably like, nah, he From around the area ain't Send him back to, he went to Virginia to Utah so Nah, he in Georgia. He went to Virginia though. So he Probably, damn Nigga he was trying to be a politician.


So DC probably he sure was in our, in our locker rooms. We ain't need none of that shit. Nigga go get a bucket. He might need to go to the, who bragging me to go to dj. Don't hate DJ Hayes Preachers and politicians. That's Crazy that you put that mud on me. Anybody that's positive baby Win them. It's true. But no, Veronica could help out the team for sure bro. Like you said smart patrol guard. I'm trying to think of the top teams in the east. Who would, and I don't know if the bucks would need him but He wouldn't be bad With it would be bad bucks. Man. I've seen CJ though. I've seen the talked about there the link up. Cj he Ain't going back. CJ McCullen? Yeah. Link him up with D I'm something.


Ah, I'm something. Wait, How you gonna use him If he Got a at the two? He's willing to, He's starting at the two. Most definitely. Oh he, Chris go shoot. He need to score bro. He need a score. So you gotta What's that? Who training for who? They training for Bobby Porters. I don't know what they gonna, I don't know what they gonna want to give up on but he should be obtainable for sure Because Brooke Lopez start right? Yeah. So Giannis will be your four? Yeah, Chris Milton will be your three Damon CJ to the one and two. I don't like, maybe CJ come off the bench because maybe you need Tony Prince. I need, I like Wing Defender. I like Brogden before. I like CJ McCullum for that team. Yeah. I don't think bragging a better player than CJ McCullum from no stretch of imagination.


They're both quality players. But I think Broing can come off the bench. Yeah. You serving for a fit. Yeah. And can fit that role a little better than CJ McCall. I can't see CJ coming off the bench. I just want Damon cj I would love to see that happen. I would love for Damon C to lean back up and do some shit. Oh that'd be, that'd be, that'd be fired. The story would be fire. But I'm thinking other teams, the niggas clearly don't need him because Milwaukee damn near don't gotta backup point guard. They don't play the line Right no more. They don't play the other dude that stole from cvs. What was his name I thought you was talking about or Target Was stealing from, he was wiping Target.


He Was wiping Target. Now somebody in the NBA was stealing from Target. Yeah. Damn. No he was, he wasn't steal. It was ripped. He was bullshit. Oh was that wasn't true. He was writing up bullshit. I'm saying like he wasn't till was worthwhile. Every nigga was getting bullshit. Oh his name like Ryan or something. Or Ryan or some shit. Are y'all sure nigga was stealing from Tony? I swear to God damn. I think what was name Ryan Hol? Nah, nah. What was, yeah Ryan Hols No Wasn't Nah no wasn't Jeff Shit s was stealing from Turkey. It is one of them. You know he was, he was in, he played for DC at that time. Yeah. There you go Rollins. Yeah. Damn, That's Robbins Ryan Rollins.


Yeah he was. Yeah he was getting to it. He had, he was me in fifth grade. Damn. Double lore. Fuck it. That's crazy. Stealing in the NBA is nuts. You too greedy bro. You need your ass whooped Was on two way. Nah bro, you still too greedy. That some good chicken still bro. Quit stealing bro. Yeah but he pluck for Milwaukee now. I seen him Is crazy. He was had Some backup minutes. Had for a little bit but And to get caught don't play. How embarrassing is that Because you are NBA player so you're tall as hell. Yeah, he don't play no more. Either him or Delon Wright really don't get no pt. It Ain't never been a good thief over six two bro.


That's requirements. It's high, High. Excuse Me. That's why boosters are bitches bro. They, they all five five below. Shout out to the whole east side of that Jesus Christ. I'm gonna put on don't put a six foot two bitch on your roster. Go fuck the play. Keep stealing in them scrubs and skis. You can't slide and grow fast Enough. Move Crocs. You are inside's the kid or at Wizards. We got back on top of Wizards game. Do we care? Hornets bro. Hornets. I got Wizards. Oh man for shit show. I know that draft Kings Line is marvelous. Imma go Hornets as well. Bulls ass. Celtics sells Celtics. Yeah. Built to ass situation.


Celtics. Celtics Nets, Raptors. I'll take the Raptors. I think RJ Berry gonna kill them. Somebody. Yeah. Nets really ain't got nobody left. GD gonna kill two. The real GD Van Simmons might wake up though. I Keep going. They need to be on the block. I He on the like on 38th he's still in there the 38th he's driving Past. Alright. Y'all gonna be sick but him and Zion go somewhere. They gonna be killing somewhere else If him and Zion go on the same team bro. The N nba. No I'm just saying wherever they go I'm just saying put it together. End up really killing, killing for real. Tap him back in. Z gonna kill wherever we go 'cause he don't wanna play basketball. Did y'all see Michael Black talk about being Simmons?


Holler at his girl. Damn. I just seen it on the interviews. I was laughing like a motherfucker Being a sniper though. He Said he was supposed to be my friend. No we He told, he told the girl we ain't that cool. Shout Ben Simmons. That's Oh we got a couple niggas like that Shit bro. We ain't that cool. Whoa. Johnson to slim balls man. Smiling faces. Oh that's funny. Well who knows Who wins that game? Y'all going next? I'm gonna rap. Gonna Rap Kill. Okay. Raps. It is Pelicans. Add Rockets. Rockets. Yeah I'm gonna take the rocket.


Yeah the Pelicans ain't trying to win. Got you Hawks at Spurs. Jalen Johnson for 30. Not I'm going with the Hawks. Okay and the dub. Yeah Hawks. We'll Rock with the Hawks too. Clippers at Mavs. I like that. I'm going with the Mavs. Going with the Mavs. Yeah. I don't know. Fuck it. I'm taking the Clipper. Let's go mp. Okay You gonna put that on on the Parsky? Yeah let's go Mp. I'm biased. I'm going, I'm going. Kyrie Pacer's F Sons. Sons. Hey don't do that. I don't like the way that y'all said it that fast in Houston. That's kind of fucked up. KD back they play. I don't lose when KD out Got D book I dude Inala, he gonna be out driving that.


Nah. Pacer's money line nuggets at blazers Nuggets bro. Delta ass Shout to my nigga Chay though. Scoop go crazy. Scoop 10 to five. That's all you need. Go crazy. Scoop Lakers at Kings LeBron playing tonight. I believe so. I'm gonna take the Lakers. Yeah I'm going Kings take the Lakers. I fuck with Debo B I'm gonna go with the king. I mean Lakers 80 only beats a bonus once. True. I'm going Kings. Mm That's a good game though. Yeah That's gonna be a hell of a game. That's a good game. I'm gonna go with the Kings for sure. College basketball. Listen man, first of all, breaking news to drop yesterday.


How y'all feel about that? The Juco now if you were playing the JUCO level, it does not count towards your eligibility. You transfer up. Yeah that's dope. I mean shit, I don't know if it's dope but they saved a lot of people. A lot of people had to go JUCO when we was growing up because of grades. They couldn't get 'em or whatever. They had to go JUCO and they only had two years to play D one basketball, D two basketball, whatever it was for them to get a chance to play the whole four years. That's cool. Now I want to ask you this. As a high school coach, do you think that hurts the high school kids now as far as recruitment situation? Nah. It help 'em actually. Mm because you gotta think a lot of guys are going into the portal after the first year. So they not even recruiting high school kids no more. They're just going to recruit college kids that's in the portal.


So kids that are not getting highly recruited right now want to go D 1D two and schools are not looking at 'em, they're just going to recruit other people that's in the portal. They get a chance to go to a junior college play, get better two years older and get a chance to go back and get recruited by those same schools that weren't To my little homie Devin Woods. Man hopefully some schools is looking at him. Shout to Yeah but like a guy like D Woods now he get a chance to still go play for four years. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. So that's cool for like some of these young guys who not getting recruited and some of these junior college are after him. They get to go play for two years. Do they thing now They still get four years to play at a high level in college.


Yeah, for sure man. A lot of people got mixed feelings about some of the other older athletes is mad. They was like damn I lost my red shirt for two snaps. Now they get unlimited time basically it's like you can go juco kill you transfer up at 2021. You still got four more years to get this NIL money. They was like damn now how's that gonna affect NIL now it ain't gonna affect shit. That money still gonna yeah money about to get to the bad. They want to give it to you. Hell you already a super adult at 25. Shit you still sham got niggas in college and get that paper go crazy. I'm only mad for guys who had to go juco 'cause of grades and they only had two years to do they thing when they got back out. That sucks. You know what I mean? Yeah. But shit, who really wanted to be 25 in college.


Exactly. I I didn't. Well that's too old bro. But now if I could make money, if you can, if I could make money in college and I could have been 25. Yeah you just employ. Yeah you are employee. Yeah I just don't wanna you work for the state. Just don't wanna be 25 looking at an 18-year-old cheerleader bro. I'm just, I dunno it's a lot that goes into that bro. I mean if I'm making a million dollars at 25, you gotta be making that though. Or even I'm making 200,000 at 25 in college. I'm smooth because it ain't like you about to go overseas back there right now if you're 25 still in college. So I get from the money aspect, like you said here the optics can be a little nasty 'cause bro you 24 years old bro. I mean 24 or 18 is a hell.


I'm just come to practice and shoot. I mean yeah I'm just, 'cause you in college, I mean you dating college girl you could be dating for sure. Nah. Yeah you can date whoever you want. I'm just, just the atmosphere is kind of like I'm 25 and I don't know bro. I gotta go to class. They ain't gonna class. They getting, they motherfuckers about to get they master they doctorate. They ain't, they going to class but shit, it's a benefit thing. Yeah. All the you living there with you leaving school with 3,000,002 degrees in two degrees. If you can't make that shake Oh no, you up for sure. I just meant like I wouldn't even hoop no more. I like, unless I'm going to the league. Yeah. If I leave school with three or 4 million, oh yeah. It's over my master's degree.


Two degrees, whatever I got. No I it's over. I'm to the real didn't be one of these lawyers doctors that I went to school with and tapping in with her. Yeah. Gotta play. That's sure no more's go to the league. I try to leave Teague's Men's league for me. We hoop on the side four or five Sunday hoop session here on now. Bro. We making that stretch. Oh yeah. We up. Yeah. We ain't, we ain't fu this bread and you got the degrees networks. You gotta make that happen. Yeah.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to check you have the tickets in your wallet first before you drive two hours to the big game. Seriously, you had one job. Now the closest you'll get to the 50 yard line is parking lot. D Yeah. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


The Dating app fatigue is real, mindless swiping meaningless. Dms and an overwhelming amount of likes have made us feel more disconnected than ever. While most dating apps are all about pursuing someone else, there's one that's carved out a space for you to find yourself. Download field F-E-E-L-D On field, an app where curious people come to connect. You have the breathing room to explore your own desires and go on a journey wherein the person you discover is yourself. In fact, 62% of field members evolve their sexuality interests and desires within their first year on the app. You have the freedom to explore who you are and what you like in ways you haven't imagined As part of this community, you'll quickly find that people regularly practice honesty and openness. See any field bio Download field, F-E-E-L-D On the app store or Google Play.


Pk, This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Ho Toco from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your home for the holidays.


Speaking of NIL money well worth it. Hey boy. We talked about Jeremiah Fear. Boy when crazy that I watch That Oklahoma beat Michigan 87 86 on a Four. Michigan got two bigs that Michigan was whooping them at First they was whooping they ass. They got two quality bigs on Michigan. They Got one a seven footer down near like a guard. Yeah, he yeah he make plays and shit. I was watching that game too. Jeremiah fifth Boy. Yeah NI World worth it. Boy That coach is amazing. I don't know his name but believing in him like that bro. Well He, Because He turned up bro. He on he going to the league. Oh yeah, he's, he's still, I think a lot of people talked about it, especially yesterday undefeated too as well. I know how the number 14 undefeated.


But you know what I'm that's terms, the schedule starts. The schedule is a little shaky but I ain't lost nobody. They was, they were supposed to lose that game. Yeah. They weren't supposed to win that game yesterday and they stole that shit. Nah, he, he nice. I mean Dynamic didn't talk about him the other day. Yeah, I, I watched him in D Heat. We went to the game the summer. Was that PAC Center? Yeah, We went to go see our young boy Isaiah go play and he was playing on the other court. Yep. And he was going crazy And I'm like who this little fast joker Bro. I told y'all that's the fucking Russell Westbrook bro. Straight up Bro. Them old niggas. See that's the, that's the difference. Like them old niggas was trying to, Michigan got a couple old heads, niggas couldn't stay in front of him bro. And he was making plays towards teammates bro. He's, he's a dynamic player bro.


He's literally the only reason why they won. He had 30 but the ball was in his hands all night bro. He can play though. Yeah. One and done for sure. I, I'll be surprised if he is not one and done but he can, he can really play. But I wonder how much that average of 17. Yeah you get into it My boy as a freshman. No, that's what What I'm saying kids, we was talking about the players that like reclassed up early. Yeah. Nah bro, them them niggas is doing they thing. Yeah. You Know, it's crazy. Know he flipped from Illinois. Yeah. Yeah. Had more opportunity though. He got more opportunity in Oklahoma bro. I could tell that coach really fuck with him bro and let him go and do his thing. He got some other quality players around him but he is the engine on that team. And for you to average 17 as a freshman.


No that's, that's hard in college bro. The thing to make their team kind of dynamic. I was watching last night, they start three guards, three point guards at that so they all could move the ball but he just more dynamic than the other two. Yeah. You can just tell he kind of just jumps off his screen when you watch him play like damn his speed, his quickness and his shot making ability to kind of just jump off the screen. So I knew that he was the guy And he know how to get to the line. Yeah. Yeah. He's savvy but his effort and Energy's always there. That's why I always spoke with him because obviously he got a feel for the game but he always played hard. Like you said that Russell West book mentality with that shit Bro. That shit seeing, seeing him play this summer and seeing him yesterday is that transition is is life for him. So him making that decision to reclass up been baby since I think this is like what's hurting though.


I think like kids, I'm not saying him, I think he's one of those guys that college is gonna benefit him. Yeah. But like some guys like Cooper flag, I just feel like they should have been able to go outta high school. Yeah. Like Ace Bailey should been able to go outta high school. Some of these guys college not really benefiting him and now it's kind of hurting the colleges. 'cause you look at a kid like AJ Deban, whatever his name is right. He getting $7 million for one year and I think he cold so I think he gonna go to BYU and have a heck of a year. But he don't really need to go there. Nah, true. You he has to. Yeah. Like you really kind of messing BYU up like Yeah I mean you turned him up for a year but, and then what?


You know what I mean? We back to regular schedule program. Yeah. You know what I mean? So you really wasting some of these people time some of the college Stuff. Him and the other big that's going there with him. Yeah. He nice too. You got the other top 50 player going there with him? Yeah. We just mentioned some names. Gonna say any other names of college of basketball y'all rock with. I know you been hiding a Dylan Harper train before it was pop, it was popular. Nah, because I seen him when he was young. I think he a really talented player. I think he should be in in conversation for the number one pick in the draft. Obviously people gonna pick Cooper Flag, I mean everything that comes with him. But Dylan Harper really, really good at basketball. You think he might go higher than nice? Yeah, it depends the team, the draft Ain't right.


Right. The draft for the need. But he's a big guard that can play both positions and one or a two. He can score it, he can facilitate. But he big like six six. I like when you said the blazer should take him. Yeah They need him. He'd be perfect for that team. They'll be, they'll be there. They'll Be there. They'll, they'll most definitely be there. They'll Be there wherever that lottery ball drop. I always wanted to know how they, I never understood how they did that either. What the lottery? Yeah. I never understood that. Well They be having different formulas for it. Do I think that it's all the way just lottery balls? No of course it's some influence in that. It's too many coincidences for us to know who got number one picks going certain places. But I think they have it to where it's like they go by how trash you are and then later season like the competitiveness.


I know they used to do, I don't know if they still do it like yo yo, like how you play the end of the season. Like they don't want people to just flat out tank. Like you could be sad but like if you somewhat competitive order the end like I don't know how it affects the lottery balls or something like that. It's something weird. But we know how that shit is more controlled than anything. I never know. Yeah. Had a, I seen a thing on Instagram the other day. Maybe last night I was just, I was up early. I was up at like four In The Morning. I was bored. I was wondering Nigga send me a dm. Oh ew. Send me a reel at four in the Morning. Oh. Oh I did. I I Woke up. Can't look at you. I Woke up at four. I woke up at four In The Morning. I Was bored. I know. Shit. I know, I know. See make you go to sleep your hair down on her chest. What you Jeff bed?


Yeah. Snitching on me. Nah, They saying who would, who would you take, like if AJ could go outta high school now, would you take Cooper flag or aj? Aj? Yeah. My, for my team depends if I need an instant killer, I'm gonna take a aj. But if I need somebody who I see is gonna be a cold role player in the NBA, I'll take. Cool. Well why as for the number one pick, you'll take a role player If I need him. If I, if that's what my team need. If I'm like in a rebuilding stage, give me, I wanna put the ball on AJ in right away. Be more dynamic than Cooper flag.


Cooper flag just does everything. Well I think AJ's better at offense. He has got more back. Yeah. Probably score a lot sooner and more frequent in NBA than Cooper will shoot. I'd rather Take like a motherfucker aj. Yeah. I'm gonna take AJ to rebuild my team but if I already got a solid team and I can get Cooper flag, I'm gonna take cou. Yeah. I'm, I'm taking AJ regardless. I can go get somebody in free agency can do to go rebound and play hard and shit. You go kill? Yeah like Cooper flag like Andre Caro. Mm. Like as I keep watching him, he, he a really good defender like help shot blocker. He come over on side rebounds really well. Rebound block shots, run the floor dunk jumper kind of inconsistent can make it but they ain't really his thing.


It was like damn he's giving me AK 47 vibes. For real. I ain't mad at you that Like, because AK 47 was an all star. He could do, he do a lot of thing on a basketball court but he was a utility guy. Could do pretty much everything. What do you see as far as a comparison early on for you for aj? He got like watching him in high school. He got that man, he got like a mixture of people. He got like you see him cross somebody and go dunk. It's like Jalen Brown. You like damn. Then you see him do a Ezzy pull. It's like Tmac. Yeah. I, you Know what I mean? It's like Tac It's like a mixture of Jalen Brown and Tmac. I've seen a lot of people say he could be in no disrespect because obviously he's cold but a better RJ Barrett he got more, he got more a wiggle like pause but he got like more fluidity in his game than RJ Berry.


RJ Barry is like a straight line driver. Yeah. You All step everything go left on you. Like physical type AJ kind hit you with a rock. AJ not a strong guard like rj. He more of a finesse. Yeah. He like rock you a little bit. He he got tac like he got that tac and then he then he got a like some Jalen Brown in him. It's like a mixture of Jalen Brown and T-Mac. Hmm. Over comparison. Yeah. If I got number one, I choose been two. Yeah AJ up bro. He don't play no defense like that though. That's why I love Cooper though. Cooper can help you. Especially if you need rebounding. I don't know. He just do all the little shit with any pass.


He ain't defensively. AJ Here to score. Yeah, defensively and rebounding. AJ's NPJ. That ain't really hit. Yeah that ain't really his. Just saying bro, you giving niggas 50 bro. You know Straight up. Yeah man. Alright man, we won't be here the weekend. Let's go over some of these games man. College football playoffs, crack off Friday. IU verse Notre Dame eight pmm. How y'all feel man? Where y'all going? This matchup Indiana a matchup. Notre Dame gonna win but I won IU to win. I canceled my bet too. I had IU win. It was a good payout. I might throw it back on there. You canceled it for IU winning. Yeah I did. Little hesitant. I got a, I got a nice little payout. I don't know how they did it.


I think I finessed the system on the site that I bet on. But Charles Draft Kings. Yeah. But I don't know. I think Notre Dame will win but I'm probably still bet on iu. Yeah. I want IU to win. Notre Dame doesn't deserve nice things. Saturday SU versus Penn State. I got Penn State. Penn State. Oh I wouldn't, I don't care. I dunno. Clemson at Texas. Texas go a CI got Clemson. Oh wow. Going with Clemson. Going with Dabo. Yeah. Texas might be to ass situation. Tennessee, Ohio State. I know Ohio State. My favorite team. I got Ohio State. I'm gonna pick Tennessee. Just because I was gonna say I think this might be a hell of a game, man.


I, I want Ohio State to win, but I could see Tennessee winning. But I think Ohio State gonna get this though for sure. Since We on college sports though, I do wanna highlight one of the best point guards ever do at Penny Hardaway. You doing this thing in Memphis, man, all that. Most definitely. Most definitely. I just wanted to shout him out though. Before we moved. Moved. He was the first pro. Yeah, like you, you golded my boy. He made it cool to be a college coach though. Yeah. Like before prom, I obviously Prime came and took over and made everything. But when Penny first went to Memphis it was like, yeah, they was wearing foams and shit. It was hard. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. It got quiet for a second. Yeah, it Got spooking allegations, but, but Joshua, James Wiseman. Yeah. He, he's still keeping it going.


And they a good team this year. Yeah, he Figured it out. They got him a good, good dub yesterday. Yeah. That's so far that you could sponsor your alma mater. And your shoes. And your shoes. Fire. Yeah. Yeah. Niggas hooping their phones though. There was some different kind of kids. I don't think they hooping their phones. I seen some, some of the young ladies on the women's team yesterday had on phones. I said Oh, she's cold. Oh yeah. Women need it though. The women hooping on the phones. They, they need it. It was some different kind. There was some different type of calf muscles over there. Boy, they need them though. They need stability. It was all chasing, chasing rabbits. They were crews different. It was from Alabama and Miami. Boy Some, some of them moves. They be doing, they need stability. They need to be sturdy. Need foams, Timberland Shit.


Only girl I don't need timber is old girl from Rutgers. Oh yeah, She, she hooping wherever she want. Kobes, you're right. A team full of motherfucking phones is nuts. It Was only a couple I seen. I looked through the bitch. I look cousin used to. Does she still play for Memphis? She do. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. She still play for Memphis? Yeah she do. Damn. I'm I'm fucked up. You outta pocket hear about Fault Damon. He sorry, Tanya. Yeah. Yeah Tanya. Yeah. Yeah. It's funny Tanya. Yeah nigga, that's your family. I know Hoing in the copper. See that's why she was hooping in the copper nigga shit.


On the original joints of Blue. See that's why I family back because be shouting out Orlando. But she gonna shout everybody else. My fault Tanya. Keep going girl, You galaxies. I ain't know if she left or not. My fault. I ain't really tapped in my bad. Shout to the board up man. I'm sorry. Verified Buckets be here. Who was getting to it yesterday man? Shit. Fuck Scoring that nigga. Dam sealed the deal. We straight Forever. Lifetime deal with Adidas man. Shout out to Dame Dollar Love bro. Send us look some gear. Dang shit. Oh yeah Dame show love it. Jr we got, we got JR. Yeah at 2025. Bro, if we don't get the package bro, it is going Sebastian's on the way bro. For sure bro. We Dame tell JR the send we been waiting for your shoes.


I want the red, the orange ones you had on the other day. Well are the ones I got The black red ones, the GR and one. The ones B got one, B got. I don't Want the ones we got. It's different. I donated different ties. I donated them different ties. When you I want the orange one. National Basketball Association. Get him some Dam Jr. Come on man. You out pocket man. We show you too much love on this show and you watch So Dros, I don't know that we, we can't record that. Remember? Yeah, yeah. Respect. I don't know but he just had a school, his Sion just became the first high school. Yeah. Shout Dro sponsored the hometown alma model for sure.


Yeah They put the logo on they jersey. Yeah. Fired. Yeah that's fired man. For sure. Hey man, I'm gonna show some love to Tracy and Eagle staff. North Dakota State Guard had 40 yesterday on Alabama. I ain't get the dub if you dropping 40 it don't matter. No way. Keep killing King. Yeah he can shoot that motherfucker. Mine's gonna go to a Indy heat alone. Jeremiah Fierce. We just talked about him dropping 30 on a comeback win game winning three point shot, got foul hit the free throw. Hey that's a tough call too. I don't wanna take away from his moment because that's a hell of a shot he made. But that's a tough call to make on that three. The dude at the Jordan gov was with the Jordan Invitational whatever, But on think they were down like at 10 too at one point in that game.


Boy, he a special kid. What the Hoop Man. I wanted to ask you how you felt about that. 'cause like you played in college with like all the like pre-Thanksgiving tournament. They was like super big deals. Like they kind of, I ain't gonna say they water down but they don't get as much attention. They were like those were super big deals. Now you see throughout the season they be having these fire ass tournaments like the Jumpman tournaments and shit like that. Would that make you like want to go to a different school just to be a part of some of them tournaments? Yeah, I remember when I played in the like talking to me when I played in the Maui. Oh bad. What a dickhead. Nah, Nah.


I mean it was cool to play in them tournaments because obviously your family and friends get to watch everybody's kind of tuned in around Thanksgiving and you get a chance for everybody to watch at home and you on national tv. But to have 'em throughout the year would be dope. I probably would want to go to a school that played more national televised games and play in bigger tournaments. You feel like more people get to see you See and now that you got a brand, make your brand bigger. You have good moments. Like he had last night at four point play. I'm sure somebody probably called him about an NIL deal or whatever. So yeah that probably be a talking point in my recruitment. Yeah because I was looking like the Jordan Marine class. That's fire to have outta college teams is that's right. By you playing the tournament. Noso seems always good. And you like the Nike PK tournament.


They have the in Oregon with the squad. Like that shit hit different like you talking about the NIL. That's a different level of recruitment because like you, you playing on a stage it's totally different. You playing a tournament before the real tournament. Yeah. Facts most people check out by then. Yeah for sure man. That's crazy. Be here last one of the week man. Get well soon. Who needs some encouragement this morning? Shit. Right. My cousin Derek, that motherfucker pic did the reverse on my boy. Sent him to the hospital. That motherfucker, that motherfucker put it and it was over with for my boy. So get well soon because that motherfucker every weight loss journey is is not successful. So I hope you know we're sending my prayers to you and your fellow Man.


Yeah, you gotta get to Paul Wall man. You heard what Paul Wall did? What'd he do? He put the sleeve on the stomach or something. Damn. Excuse me. Huh? Yeah, lap Band. Yeah he Got a I sleeve on the stomach. Yeah he said he was wearing three 50. He he he end up tapping in with the Nike Sweat band. Okay because that's next. We gonna tap in. I'm gonna call Paul Wall for you because you know I mean your family needs you. You got kids and shit and I for sure ain't gonna raise him. So we need you here. You well soon. That's all I got. You crazy. I'm gonna get my key bus to Doug Gotley man. 'cause he called Green Bay. He coaches Green Bay. He called Michigan Tech a D two team. He called him nobody. You and then they lost to him.


So I Hated Doug Gotley too. Adam Chester was on his ass. He was like hey stop my get out my business. Worry about your squad. I hated him. He was a, he is an asshole. Always has been bro. But for you to call somebody nobody, you and to loose and miss crazy bro. Don't call me nobody. You Yeah that's out of pocket. That's straight out of pocket and then loose to Hood Michigan Tech. That sound like a fake school though. I ain't, I ain't even trying to be disrespectful bro. Shout to Michigan Tech man. You know like when they was doing shit on he got games, he like yeah he going a big state. That shit sound like they playing Michigan Tech Like was Travis best when he got game? Yes he was bro. You Remember where Rick Fox took, took Him what?


Oh Lord. Rick Fox took him to the I One of niggas really had a Rick Fox experience though. A college visit. What? I'm sure they did. They had to Shout Rick Fox. Boy he throwing the system for the game starter. Yeah. Hey that girl That was what? What school was that called? I was, What was Rick Fox? When was that? Was that big state? Nah, he ain't go to big, big state. Where his daddy wanted to Go was Ray Allen girlfriend is real familiar. Who did they act like? Who That Travis Hunter girl. Nah, nah I seen that. You see they head. I seen what you That's what I sent you. She was like Anthony Edward. Shit that was I saying.


I was saying this what y'all be looking at. Yes. I love the Tel. This is shit they be looking at N NBA Sentel. We are forever. Me and these DJ forever invested. Anything y'all want start I this is how people get Y believe this shit. I'm here for y'all if y need to looking too. I would look at home. I'm like yeah shit. We'll use our platform Irresponsible sent tap in. Yes We love y'all. Yeah, no we Don't. Well wishes Merry Christmas swap. Y'all be lying on people man. Disparity bros. Skit like I told that boy from the hors game yesterday. Well Ray Allen, that girl did my boy crazy on that motherfucker man. She trying to line him up with the agent. Good, well song man. Man I think it was big state. I yeah it was though. Yeah. Shout to my nigga Lou. He always tell people they going to Big State.


He like, man you playing. You know what I'm about to call big state for you man. What was Drumline? What school? Nick Canon go to Alabama? Nah, Atlanta. Atlanta A and t. Yeah That was the fake. If that ain't the Fakest name I ever heard Atlanta a T one band, one town. That's crazy. I gotta watch your on now. I ain't watch the movie in a long time. Damn. Fuck. That's who John look like. There we go. On that note, we about to get up outta here because we not let him disrespect the black Queens. We will be back next week. We appreciate y'all. Y'all be safe this weekend. Five 20 In The Morning. Oh yeah I do. Got a crash show. Oh My. I forgot we messed up yesterday on the crash out. Let's get it corrected today. We good now? Sorry about it. K Cunningham, 10 rebounds, Bilal 20 points.


Fuck no. What's his career high please look that up my well Lemme start over. Career high. Fuck man. We don't mean to mess up your segment, but I need to see his career high before we put Hey. What's that? Like this freaky ass nigga. Bal Alibi. There you go. Bal Koala. What is his career high call B12. No you don't even, you can stay there. We'll see how many times he scored over Man. Let do my bet. Go Ahead brother. Okay then go Ahead. My fault. K 10 rebounds Al 20 points Shaa eight rebounds.


Dorian Finney Smith, 15 points. Zachary. Zachary, Richard Char. He's gonna get 15 points of Kyrie gonna get 30 $10 was your grand total of $111,000, Sir. Oh, say that one more time. $10 wins you a grand total of $111,000 today. Shout out to my boy, Ziggy. I I see My boy put this one together for me. I see why they do. I see why that's So high. Because none of those niggas getting that shit. I got ten four. Fuck it. Let's see what happens. The crown is yours will never hurt his king. A 27. Yeah. Shout to my boys. Oh, he might be playing good then he might get 20. Yeah, K 10. Rebound K ain't getting 10 boys.


Hey man, crown is George man. Crown Is George, man. Tap in would be here man. Save Christmas or ruin it. Either way, we'll be back next week. We appreciate y'all Club five 20, The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


The dating app fatigue is real, mindless swiping meaningless. Dms and an overwhelming amount of likes have made us feel more disconnected than ever. While most dating apps are all about pursuing someone else, there's one that's carved out a space for you to find yourself. Download field, F-E-E-L-D On field, an app where curious people come to connect. You have the breathing room to explore your own desires and go on a journey wherein the person you discover is yourself. In fact, 62% of field members evolve their sexuality interests and desires within their first year on the app. You Have the freedom to explore who you are and what you like in ways you haven't imagined As part of this community, you'll quickly find that people regularly practice honesty and openness. See any field, bio Download field, F-E-E-L-D On the app store or Google Play.


Pk. Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for Us. Just This overall sense of community of the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At Explore Minnesota dot com slash live,


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis from $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@jointsignals.com.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobook and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah, because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply.