
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


Now streaming on Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross. Based on characters created by James Patterson, we have to catch this serial killer. I don't kill for foot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. Clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I know I can't because I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video watch now.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cashback offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cashback adds up fast and signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash in other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp and a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


This is John Miko from Three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere and boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is, it's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


The Volume. It's good man. A lot of sports to get to man. A lot of, lot, lot going on man. We're gonna start off with your guy, the real jr. Great game yesterday out west you had the TW taking care of the sons yesterday on the go ahead bucket one 20 to one 17 The best game dude this run has had so far since being in Minnesota. You've been high. Your guy man, the new Shaq and Kobe. Let's talk about it. Yeah man. Give it time. Give it time to marinate. You know that was a big shot by him and you know, I think they got it together now. It was a push off. I was gonna say get well soon. Josh and Kobe was at a push off or flock. He, because Josh's man, fuck him. Push off man. Welcome back to Minnesota Josh.


That's how they feel man. Yeah, watch out Josh, you in the way. Yeah. Pushed off for a game winner. All that SM tea done put on Minnesota, you had to take that at your vet. That's your vet. So did Jeff. Jeff. The reason they don't love you like that Now that was a big shot though bro. That was killer. It was a great shot. But before we even get to the game details, it was funny because people were analyzing that and a lot of people were saying was it a push off, was it a flop? And then they start going back to NBA history of some of the best shots ever. And they said that the Byron Russell and Jordan was a push off. Do agree with that? Mm he did. He definitely pushed him. Yeah he did. But it may. But Russells is, is Josh kgi this the same?


I like that. Caught him by Russell. Yeah, Carl Malone was Whoa Russell's Vestey. Fuck outta here. I ain't never wait time out man. We can't to my dog. Hey, ain't never been no car Malone. I like old, I like older women is key. Always like they not like us. Dark love. I always like the old heads. Yeah I'm crazy. Hey, but back to the Sea Woods man. We know we was talking about them being up and down the season. They shown together two big victories, these last couple of games took care of Sacramento and then Phoenix. What do you think it's gonna take for them to keep this momentum going so far? I don't know bro. I don't really, I don't know.


It's to me, y'all can talk about it. It's still early for me though. Still I don't put too much hype on it. And then Minnesota, I mean not Minnesota, Phoenix is missing KD for sure. That's tough bro. One in four since kds departure. I don't know when is he supposed to come back? Do y'all know They haven't set a particular timetable but they said it was gonna be a couple weeks when they first, you know what I'm saying? They said that I imagine the next week or so they should at go. They should at least go 500 while KDS out. Well so far they haven't been close to that so they're gonna have to make up some ground. I mean de book put a team months back yesterday he had a season high of 44 yesterday. It was a good game. A very close game. A game that they probably could have won either way. But I would say at this point what do you think the sons need to do to stay afloat without kd?


They gotta play some defense man. I mean I know it's a high scoring league but one 20 on the road, you never gonna beat somebody scoring. They scoring one 20 right while they at home. I mean it's gonna be a tough out but they gotta find some more consistency throughout the bench. Like the books hooping Bradley Build had moments, they gotta get somebody hooping off the bench. They've been struggling. Monte take Morris need to do a little more. I mean he capable of playing better but nobody's really giving him much. That's very interesting with that. I like you said with RKD, I mean we understand why but they still gotta get it done. Especially they wanna be a top seat in this conference. Listen man, the Timberwolves, you see the, the chemistry is there so far and I think that's gonna start translating more into win.


Like you said it took him a little bit to get figured out but if Junior's Randall feeling that comfortable and this is a part of the ju rank experiment, he gonna have 'em games just like you scratch your head like what's going on? But then yesterday you getting 35 like he's that capable of a player. I think once they figure out how to get that consistency, they gonna be a tough team to deal with man. Oh yeah, him and just gotta get on the same page bro. That's it. They'll be okay. I told you I still got faith in my guys. Most definitely. And obviously we know it's early in the season. Do you think there's a player or something that the the sons need or do you just wait for K to get back before you start doing any moves? No, that team is based around kd. I mean obviously his books team but KD make him go. He's that elephant in the room every time he is on the floor.


Like everybody knows Kevin Durant's probably the best player on the floor most of the games. So when he get back they change the dynamic of their whole team. But I wanna talk about Julius Randall. I mean the last two games that they played, he been hooping most definitely. So I think he's getting comfortable and like the CAE let him get the game winning and shot. That's what we talking about with like Philly, when Paul George, you those dudes and Tyree Maxey had it going, AE was playing good but he didn't have it going like Julius Randall and he, he deferred and let Julius Randall get the last shot. You don't really see that too often. And correct me if I'm wrong, I think Joe Ingles at the inbound but shout out to him from making that decision because he could have got hey but it would've been super, super forced. But him getting into JR right there that gave him a chance to win the game.


Like you said deferring and the mobile and not being selfish enough just saying I gotta get this regardless. You better put the W before you get in the game winning shot. But a lot of egos be involved in them late game situations for sure. Nah. Yeah for sure. I mean I've been a part of it but you know what I mean. South to CJ Maas but you know some people want that shot and he the high hand I knew a he wanted that shot but for him to see Julius Randall had it going to let him get that rock and win the game And it wasn't no it wasn't. No. Hey he run, he was the first person to run up to him. Yeah. Then the boss man Dlo quote and the post game you can tell they rocking with each other. Yeah. Facts. Now the flip side of that, if you're the in bounder and you don't get it to the star player and it don't work out, do you get reprimanded for that or does the person shooting get reprimanded for that?


I mean he had it going like, I mean I don't think nobody would've been mad. I mean he had 35. Okay. That's what I'm saying man. I just didn't know if it was a thing. I know 'cause coaches be mad 'cause they take that inbound situation very, very serious. They put their best passer there. They're like hey your job is to make sure it gets to a game winning situation. But if it goes astray it's like all right I'm looking at you too because you the reason he had the ball. Nah. Oh okay. You gotta get the ball whoever open man. Yeah it don't even matter. And usually a star player want to get open and the reason Julius Randall was at the top, they knew he could make that shot for show man time. Yeah shout out to the real JR man had to show some love start off man. We was critical. Love him but he doing his thing. He gotta show respect where it's due. Try to tell y'all bro. But it is what it is.


Put him on your parlay next time y'all got got it. For sure. Listen man the referees have be getting a lot of flak these last couple of weeks because of some of these decisions we talk about game winners. Your boy JT got a game winning three and they called it a travel. I gotta ask you as a player, do you even care about the main game reports? Because I lost a game. Like it's not like y'all saying oh it's a travel now you're gonna go back and change it. No who cares now. No nobody care about the reports. I sure wouldn't care. Shout to JT with the game winner but you travel nigga. That's crazy. I'm like you travel, that's how you used to do when we played one on one bro you be traveling. Oh I get it. That draft step is filthy. I get it.


You be keep by shuffling that too. Yeah that draft step filthy bro. But as a ref can you call that in that moment? That's the crazy thing. Nah, if they call that travel on him in that moment bro they will lose it. Yeah you can't call that. That's tough. But also more appreciating what's going on this week. The Hornet bucks game this weekend was crazy 'cause GNI did not foul the Melo at the end of that game. Nah, he did not foul him. No him Puma big ball brands. He just stood on his feet. But now he just, he just fell driving trying to make a play. No he wouldn't. He would've heard of Ankle. Oh the hair that blew out before you. I Gore. Yeah but that's tough man. Like you losing the game on free throws like that. And this is like you look at this it's like I did not foul him And then we look again with Giannis a couple days back. Fouling a rookie on the play. Yeah he done lost a couple close games off.


Just bad situations. But do you blame officiating or just situations? Just situations bro. The books are just ass right now. Yeah they just can't catch a break bro. Like everything just happened bad to the bucks. Mm And then I feel like Chris Milton see it and like hell nah ain't coming back. Yeah. Why would I rush back for this? My ankles are man nah bro come back. Forget what they talking about bro. Come back and help your team man we need to see if this puzzle works for real bro. Bro we miss who right? Like he back tonight though? Yeah he's back this week but my thing is from Chris Milton. Yeah I'll see you after Christmas. Yeah I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get a hundred percent healthy 'cause y'all gonna try to trade me. I know how that's going.


Yeah you I'm gonna be a man out in the situation that's gonna get another piece to make this team work. Yeah I will see y'all after the first of the year. 'cause last time we seen Chris Milton, he was doing his thing obviously is still very capable player. Carried him in the playoffs without the absence of both of those guys. Nah I ain't rushing back 'cause I'm trying to get another bag so I'm gonna just take my, I'm gonna take my time to get killed. Just got paid so he is smooth. He is okay like come on back man. Nah take your time bro. Don't worry about it. Some ankles bro. Surgery on both ankles is crazy. That's tough. That's why I said there ain't no point of brushing it back. For what? Just so you can go hard for y'all to get back to 500. Tell the lady to massage em bro. You need, they need you bro. Tell them them lady. Tell your lady get on them ankles immediately bro. Get on them ankles is crazy for sure.


I'm trying to think about that ankles. What I tell my lady get on her ankles. Y Yra got some NRE sitting India style. No shout to Gandhi. That's what he time me and Russell. What's what's up? What's that boy name? What Russ Simmons Paul. Whoa. Now you know how he be doing this look. Oh I dunno what you talking about This's more. Y'all wild. Y'all trying to put that on my make sure they put I know what you Oh they been trying. I'm undefeated Kelly Robinson seven it. Oh hey not getting five 20 5K percent.


The rest they messed up is crazy like I feel him though. Why are we talking about this stuff after it happens? These two reports is cool for the fans to feel that way but for us it's a slap in the face because a lot of times they don't keep all these referees like you know to the tee like ain't nobody really getting fired from this stuff. Shut up though Doc shit you don't have nothing to say. Shut your ass up. Nah he fight for his life bro. He need all the wins. Y'all say he don't care. Shut up. But that's a hard co like that's tough being a reference a shitty job. It is like I would not wanna be a ref because calls like that decide games but in the action you couldn't tell that he didn't trip over Gianni's foot. But that's why the shit let you go back like the last two minutes.


You should be able to review every call. I mean the games would be longest shit but they would be. Yeah I was gonna say that's probably the TV time and they're like nah we ain't about to let y'all just go freestyle in this. We got a limit. This game has to be over by nine 30 so we can get this next West Coast game in. But I agree because in the moment you should be able to go look and see that. Like if that ref called that foul on jt, I mean that travel on JT it's causing some shit. It is going viral. Everybody's gonna be mad But then when you look it's just like well he did travel. Yeah now what shit But this a players league though. More importantly they ain't worried about the rest of getting it right. They make sure the players are safe and they keep playing the games. But that's a tough call either way man. But we gotta talk about your calves man. Still undefeated. Come on man. I got a text from my boy Jordan shout out to him. He hit me up. Say keep the trash, the Cavs train going.


I got you my dog Kenny Coach of the year Jordan you assistant of the year. I don't even know if they got that my, my back court even though Don been out. Y'all gonna start in an all-star game. We taking over saying Fran get my calves gear, send it to me. We lit. I'm, he told me to come up to practice. I told him I'm gonna wait till y'all come to Indy 'cause I ain't, I ain't going to Cleveland in the winter. It was quiet. Yeah that's dead. Like Jo Keem said ain't nothing out there so we're on vacations in Cleveland but shout out to y'all. Y'all hooping right now? No I ain't gonna sleep. Shout out to my family from Cleveland though. I got some homies from Cleveland. Oh boy you gotta watch it. Watch your pockets around them boy.


Shout out to Theory. Shout out to theory. They from Cleveland. Shout out to Cleveland. Remember listen they've been taking care of business man but this week they got the Celtics matchup we've been talking about. We looked last week at the games. That potentially could lose first if it's not the Celtics I don't think it's gonna be nobody else for a second. I mean hopefully Don play Don Mitchell play. That'll be a good game. That'll be exciting game. That's really the, the teams in the east right there. If he don't play Celtics gonna beat them by 20. Think it's light work. Yeah. Yeah I think, I mean obviously the Celtics been doing their thing but I was laughing last week. You look at that Giannis getting 59 then them trolling Jalen Brown like y'all better leave 'em alone. Like they still doing good even though everybody ain't talking about as much as they probably should in the situation 'cause you got other teams playing just as good.


But y'all better quit trolling that team because that's the best though. Ain't nobody talking about you and y'all ain't even got poor zy as yet. Yeah, flying under the radar. Y'all just cooling. Y'all the defending champ. Nobody talking about y'all, y'all cooling. Yeah but I just think it is bad for everybody else. So like like you said, they get to be in the best situation. All right let the Cavs go. Yeah 15 and no run it up. We gonna celebrate y'all but when it get to it we're gonna whoop y'all ass. Nah but the again, I was just talking shit. I think the Cavs I told y'all last week, I think they can go 21 and oh after this week everybody beatable bro. They just on a historic run right now bro. They got the groove like come on, they got the groove coming down 25 still getting the dub without Diamond Mitchell. Listen they look like a very capable team.


I don't think this is a fluke at all. Like I said, they started off high but I think they're a team that when it come playoff time you're gonna have to respect them. You're gonna have to deal with them for sure. Yeah. Darius Garland kicked into another gear too. Yeah, I told you what the Kenny do for the guards bro. I told y'all, I told y'all that when I seen Ty Jerome come off the bench and he was averaging like 13 and like after they, when they was like three and oh I remember I talked about Ty Jerome and see him last night hooping again. Yeah and like there confidence in Ty Jerome is crazy. Yeah, yeah. I'm telling you bro Kenny know how to build your confidence as a guard and I mean to be throughout the whole team you see Mobley hoop and Jared Allen hooping again like yeah he just a great confidence builder bro. And we always talk about certain coaches or certain, you know what I'm saying?


Team facilities, team team managers taking people with them different places. Doc always kept the same crew. Kenny Jackson seems to keep his people around but like you said, when you have that confidence in the player and you familiarity with him when you put them in a situations you ain't worried about him the seen him. It's like oh that all makes make sense. Yeah because Ty Jerome was with him and Golden State. Actually I called Kenny and I talked to him, this is when he was in Golden State and he talked about Ty Jerome, how much is he a basketball head? He was like, he reminds me of you like not the way we play but how we talk about ball all the time. Yeah. And he was just like, I like that kid man, he could be good. Blah blah blah. And then a full circle moment he got 'em in Cleveland and now he balling. So that's dope bro.


The ember's NBA cup is here and you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split in the six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in a single elimination in season turning, culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the Draftking sports book. Every point counts. New Customers download the DraftKings sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right. Club five 20 CLUB five two oh and bet $5 and you can get up to $150 in bonus bets. All the on DraftKings the Crown is yours.


Now streaming on Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best and created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't care for what Ms. Kler thinks. He's the smartest guy in the room. It's a lot of stick out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross, I learned to trust his gut against S's head. We clock's ticking. It was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can 'cause I know I'm better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video watch now


Was Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I'm the Cowboys. I mean they're already a circus. They need to fix their, the sun coming in their window before they start worrying about The, I like how Jerry, Jerry was like, what do you want me to do about Sun Sun's just up there ain ain't like I can do nothing about it. It's just up there. He's just your son. What are you supposed to do? He said there's a moon too And sun's up here. You think there ain't gonna be sun. And then they're like, well why don't you, you know, put up a curtain. What? Well it's still the sun. It's Like well your all pro receiver has his hands in the air with the ball coming at him 'cause he can't see.


Just admit you didn't do a great job designing that. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcasts. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling or retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay so go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Good sleep should come naturally And with a new natural hybrid mattress it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com


Nah it it is definitely fire to see. And even with them like you look at that roster, I mean very solid. They're another team that come late. Buyout situation. They might be able to get another player to get them over the hump if they need to in the playoffs. Yeah and that's gonna be a very dangerous team. Yeah they got pieces but they also got a lot like you said they got room. Yeah they got room to get another piece that could Yeah they could make a noise. They could. They got room. I don't know who they could get and wait until Tricia get back. It is really up yo coach's decision. Oh okay. Shout to double t Coach's decision's crazy. I shout to my boy TT bro. He gonna be the X-Factor baby. The playoffs. Wow. He might have the ugliest jump shot in the league bro.


What TT jump shot is wicked bro. I seen him shooting a free throw. I said I'll be damned bro. That is crazy. You a straight putback player bro. Like watching somebody shoot saying yeah you would be great at Putback is crazy. Crash the glass. Speaking of shooting, everybody keeps sending be lethal shooter video yos bro. I cannot see him bro. Hey shot the lethal shooter. He been tapping in with the content bro. He have to have him on the, he tapped in on the Jesse Jackson post He did. We got have on the show. I can't see. He was showing us love. I, I can't see. I unblock him. Stop saying that I can't find him on my block. No type it in. His name is Lethal Shooter. Yeah. Stop bro. Now you playing crazy.


Type his name in. I tried to Unrestrict. You tried unblock him bro. I tried to unblock him. Did you not see him in Steven Knight in the lab. I see you ain't tapped in. I ain't tapped in. Well he had my boy Stephen a doing drills. Stephen a was catching out in the in the shorts. In the cutoff? Yeah. What Eddie had on the team Jordans that we talked about? Yeah on Eddie Jones that you, Eddie Jones. The white Scott Blue Boys. I didn't like seeing Stephen a at that. I was just like that was for a sneakerhead that was out of pocket for like people telling me het shooting gummy bears in a water bottle from half court. Yeah bro he goed bro. I told y'all bro. He a legend bro. I ain't say he what? Legendary. I just had blocked him 'cause people kept saying tap in with him and I was like that got me fucked up. Now it's time to tap because he's coming on the show. Yeah, un blocked. I like yeah hashtag unblock lethal.


Yeah. Come on the show bro. Shit I talk, I gotta fond him on the thing. Nah, lethal shooter, unblock lethal and Pinky bro. What we got next? Did you ever had Pinky block legend when you got bigger you did block? I did block you right. I did block. We from Top five did not me at all. Yeah I did block. Hey but shout out to Ello man. Lalo been killing 31 to 12. Something like as in the east. Where y'all putting Lalo as a point guard? Yeah he number three point guard in the east. Top three in the east. Okay. Yeah League. Oh top three in the league right now. Top three in the east. I'm gonna go with Darius Garland number one right now in the east. Most definitely he who would, who would be your second in front of him?


Because I was trying to think of a list too. I was like I gotta put the male top in just off the stats and how he playing. Even though, I mean we ain't really worried about their success tonight 'cause they the Hornets but outside of him, I can't think of another Guarder in the east that would be above him right now. Just based upon how they playing. I mean you could say Dame but it was a little different. No they going through some stuff. Yeah, Dane was playing at a high level. Lalo playing at a high level. Ty Maxey before he got hurt was playing at a high level. It it is, it is Lalo. Trey Young. He ain't been playing like Lalo too. You can't say Reon when you say the Hawks, you gotta say Dyson dings right now. Yeah he got, I never say that. He's still in the ball so crazy right now bro. Getting six deals consistently is crazy bro.


It's ridiculous. Pass lead the league and deflection. Let's pass Lane. Oh that's, you know what they be hating no guards when they say that John never gave Iversson his credit. He did it. They but they paid no step for that Iversson. Iversson used to two or three steals a game bro. He was in the pass lane. Yeah but this nigga six couldn't guard a con huh? Yeah six steals a game. That's different bro. Nah bro. He did it for like three games in bro at steals and three games is nuts. Nine steals Nobody else in the league. He had 29 should run out bro. He had 29 steals in three games. Nobody that hell pack Is Finn a run out bro. Wait you say his his Gatorade about Icon about to come on 2K? Yeah it it, it is Wicked. Hey listen y'all know I'm gonna lock the Hornets fan just off the strip of La Melo getting in that post game and talking crazy and saying no homo, that is crazy.


He got, he didn't get in trouble for that. Yeah. Yes he did. 500 k he got a hundred bands for that. Damn we better start saying pause. You stop playing. There's a couple things you can't say and that's one of them. You gotta relax. Yeah, you can't say no homo but damn a hundred bands. He, he up 200 though. Fuck it. But I think it's hilarious off the fact that he just don't give a fuck because he always cussing they stuff and they just like oh that must be why he said oh my bad. No did he, he said that in a tweet Now that makes sense. Like he played two Damn but but ae de flick off got 30 5K which is a fire picture by the way. I want that poster in my house. I would never have a nigga poster a of a nigga in my house.


Oh that's, that's fine. I am, I've never had a poster reveal my house. You have a poster you in your house? Yeah I nigga what's worse having a poster to somebody else than having a poster? You you heard Future so That it, I'm just thinking like about walk by By and I had Anthony Edwards at my house. I'd be like what type of shit is it? I'll be mad as fuck. I'll shout out to my house, send a video, put it on the wall, make it a staple. There you go. Be here. You put Anthony Edward. That should be you gonna put a picture in your house. I'm bro, I'm old school, You feel me?


Put the poster up. Put cash dial up in the crib. The real KD did. Ja did Jacobson put magazines on y'all wall when y'all was little Word up magazine? No biggie. 'cause he out of pocket. He had them boys on his wall. What magazine was that? Jet Magazine and Word Up for sure. You had Beauty in a week on your wall? Yeah my mom when they used to go to the hairdresser. Well y'all call whatever y'all call 'em but they used to bring the Jet magazines back and then my daddy had a subscription. Oh okay. I remember seeing this is iconic photo. Louis, I don't know if you was old enough the brat before she went full young in Ma she was in the bathing suit on one of the jet magazines. My mama, she was hard pressure. She was hard in that Tyrese video Lee And what do you like video?


Yeah she was hard. Yeah back when Robinson had it look right there. Oh my god. I she fired. Why you leaving then? She had blah micro, she a OG with a micro. Why she leave us though? She was a lead. Well a motherfucker hit her on the forehead with that strap Changed her life. My shit ain't that heavy Fault. Resist heard Rachel the bra. Hey go to Maya. Nevermind Premier Maya. Yeah go to Maya. Maya in that Carolina Blue baby. The suit, the shocker video. What was this song they had?


I don't know. She was raw in that video. Sister shocker one of the worst rapper of all time. But he had some great videos. I'm not doing that bro. He went platinum every time. Yeah. Shout to match repeat. Oh man. Shout to the match. Getting the dub yesterday took care of OKC. Luca's still out 1 21 to one 19. Mavs had an even bounce scoring from everybody yesterday. PJ had a smooth 27, Kyrie 23 had seven players in double figures yesterday. Close game. Another loss. OK C3 losses on the year after starting off damn near. Perfect. Do they need to add a big now or can they afford to wait for, is Isaiah Haron to get back? They gotta add a big somebody to just have a little holdover 'cause it's getting a little spooky.


Hey did you see Dwight Howard was auditioning to be Listen we were just talking about magazines and funny shit. They don't need the white. Right. That's a crazy segue. Yeah we was talking about the the same game only sold. The magazines only sold in the see Yeah I take the, I had a big ass Iverson poster. I was 16 though. That was weird. I don't know why I just thought about that. I had a big ass Iverson poster but my bed. Mm Yeah niggas wasn't making it to the bedroom for sure. Y wanted to make it to the league man. It was motivation for real. Did you, did y'all used to write speeches and shit? I know all you basketball playing niggas. Did y'all write speeches and shit?


Speeches of what? Like not speeches, I mean like motivational shit. Like I messaged I will be successful. I'll make it to the NBA. Like I wanna make it to the league. Like I want make a hundred million dollars. I used to just, I wrote with my mom that something like that. Mm. How old was you at My auntie. I was like 10, 11. Damn. You said you wanted to go to the league. I was, I'm gonna make it to the NBA and I'm gonna buy a whole bunch of hot Cheetos. Literally what I wrote you ain't get that motherfucker till you was 16 Miss Girl you outta pocket. I think he lied on you though. But my mama ain't bought stuff until Malcolm High School bro. Until my nephew was born. Oh Malcolm was a new wave? Yeah it MOOC had all that.


I ain't get, my momma ain't bought you. Only thing she bought was name brand cereal. That's crazy bro. Not having to hide the Cheeto to you. A freshman in high school. I stole them. I stole stole Achi. You stole. Damn you stole a lot of shit too. I stole, I told y'all this sneak outta a Netflix special. That's, that's CVS on 38. You still on Mikes? That's C vs. On 38th. I would've still on time at Myers on the job. I'm platinum on there or IP they closed closed Lord it's a Spanish spot now. Oh that makes sense. They bond every goddamn thing child to the lineage. They going crazy In my hood neighborhood where I grew up, it's all Spanish people. I went over there to my own house one day 'cause my cousin live over there on that street.


It wasn't nothing but the homies outside. Oh no that's crazy. West Side Gateway is all Little Mexico, especially 38th Street. All them whole all the apartments. Yeah young God my whole neighborhood. Shout out to the west side baby. But you said they can, they gotta go get a big ASAP though. Yeah they gotta get a big so I mean that's kind of crazy because they got a solid team. But it is at this point is how long can you contend that looking at the, is Jaylen Williams back though? The other Jalen Williams? Not the the Guard. They got another Nah, the other one on the, I haven't seen much of him though. Yeah if he out too that's that's really But I remember last week when they were playing they had a lineup where Shay was the tallest person on the court. I mean they win a game like that. But like you said, I don't know how co consistently you can live like that either. You see Jaylen Williams is he active?


Because if he's out too they gotta get a big He played not that Williams, that one. It's another one. A big man. I dunno. That's the only one I know. See he might be out too. Damn. OKC gonna be all right though man. Now the Mavs, they listen they got lots to do. I mean you getting a win without Lucas's definitely a big deal but I think they gotta figure it out as well. They middle of the pack. It's about the time of the year where you gotta finesse early. Because once they get late in the season after Allstar break everybody gonna go full throttle. You gotta wanna have a little bit of a cushion. The west is already crazy as is is right now. For sure. Yeah. I mean they didn't start off too hot last year though too. So PJ Washington been out? Yeah. Yeah they, they'd be okay. Luca didn't really play in the preseason. He been, he kind of rusty. He don't look like the Luca that we always see.


He just a little rusty. I mean he just better than a lot of people so he still gonna kill but missing that whole preseason you get tell a little rusty. Most definitely. And we've, and that's the thing with even with the players who played the Olympics, everybody's just like a lot of people worn down 'cause they had a full summer basketball and even though you want them to play at that level to be in shape but still hella wear and tear. Most definitely shout out to the Clippers man taking care of the jazz one 16 to 1 0 5. James Hart made history second all time in threes pass Ray Allen, he said he number one 'cause Steph don't count. That is a very interesting statement and I lowkey agree with him in that situation. Yeah Steph don't count bro. You can't put Steph in that conversation. He's the best person to ever shoot. If I'm second to him, I'm really first there about Dios. For real. For real.


Mm True. I mean shit that Houston Rocket is James Harden. That's what stamped it bro. Yeah that's what stamped it. That's when he went on the scoring tear. Lemme not, let me not talk about James Harden bro. Nah this is a great platform for you to talk about James Harden. Why? What'd you say? You say something bad. Nah, every time I talk about James Harden people just hate you. Inbox crazy. Yeah, nah but it makes sense though for him to be number two like of all time bro. That's a Yeah special time's a great accomplishment. Yeah the co the start off not even being a starter like coming off the bench. Yeah it's a hell of a story. Yeah you know how like you know how many buckets you had to get like in the year three to like year 10 to 12 you had to go crazy.


He wasn't even a starter. Had to go crazy and he was playing on a team with two first ball hall of Famers so two MVPs bro. Come on bro. So he had to, I mean granted we know six men, he still got his opportunities but for him to build out that career. But I have that's all like you said is very, very impressive. Those are all Stepback threes in Houston too. Oh all of 'em. One off the court. No catching, no catching shoots bro. No, no disrespect to Ray Allen but that, that game was totally different bro. No catching shoots. Alright. That's totally, that's no Reggie Miller shit. No Clay Thompson shit like oh his shit is Iceo ice off the the most def off the, so that's probably why I think like James Harden hoop, like Mel hoop on 2K like yeah straight. That's real life shit bro.


So for him to do that and be number two all the time under Steph Curry, James Harden wrong bro. He revolutionized the game and he also fucked up the game because now all the kids, all they do is dribble, dribble, dribble, step back three which is when you not James Harden. It's crazy. Like if you can't play like James Harden shoot like James Harden it look wild. Did he ruin it more than Steph? Steph made the three point popular like he made all the kids but he gave inspiration to like all small guys. Like I could make it to the league if I can shoot. So you see a Trey Young, I'm skilled, I'm small but since I can shoot from half court I got a chance. So he kind of gave people hope That's small.


Yeah James Hardin, he took it to a different level. He made kids say fuck team ball. Yeah. Even though he's a team player and he very smart and he's super capable of doing all, he's so good that he made other people believe they could do that too. Yeah. And now it's a lot of bad basketball and kids just watch basketball just for the lights anyway so yeah they don't know that he put in hours and hours and hours and works to do that and they don't see him. They ain't see him at Arizona State or at Oklahoma City. Very meticulous player. Even when he was in the Rockets, I remember when he was going through rough patches he was just like okay I'm gonna need job be in these spots And he had them practicing with bigs for hour after practice putting him in the best situations when I get trapped to do this.


He was a very thoughtful basketball player. What I think what's crazy about it is them step backs say different because he's six seven. Yeah it's like you said average people think that could be Steph because you just gotta be able to shoot good. James Hart stepped back different. That's why I didn't translate to everybody else. That's six seven Stepback is dangerous. I just wonder who hoop like him now Nobody, I ain't even seen no youngster. Nobody. They tried even mastered that bro. They tried it just not as good. They tried to, I, I watch players at practice every day they do that they ah step back three and it's like that's cool but that's a bad shot when you don't shoot 10,000 of them like he did. Yeah and the thing about James Harwell made him so special reason I'm a like a super fan of James Hart. He got to the basket at wheel and they had to change the rules in the NBA for him.


Like if you got too close to him, he grabbed your arm, he went to the basket and he got ones. He's super strong but he went to the basket first and then once you start bagging up that's when he started hitting threes. So I mean he just a special offensive player though. I it is not too many people like him. Yeah and we'll get off the subject but I think the most underrated part about James Harden is that when they caught him a selfish player that first year of Houston and they were really good, he came back next year and led the league of points and assist. Like it's different for you to be able to score at that clip league the league. Good points. Andy is different but see this is my only take with, and y'all know I'm, I stand on James Harden like when it come to hoop but you damn near gotta pass the ball bro.


You did got the ball in the hand. But I'm saying you have your ball, the ball in your hand the whole game. Highest issues right? Yeah most definitely. Right. You know what I'm saying? So you gotta think the people that was around him though, it was a whole bunch of people who, I'm not gonna say they can't hoop, they can hoop definitely but they weren't, they weren't all stars. No they weren't even ball handlers though. Like Trevor Ora was a catch and shoot player. ej ej. Yeah EJ a catch player. Pat Bev and shoot PJ Catch and shoot player. You right then you had Clint Capella was a lobster so the team was geared around him having the ball and making plays for all these guys and that shit. They was hella successful. Hell yeah they had one of the greatest runs in basketball. I mean I just ran into one of the best dyna season in basketball if it wasn't for that and Chris Ball Hamstring probably different talk of history but also went show some love to Ray Allen for him to be second on that list and to play in an era where people didn't shoot threes as much And for him to transition his game to a strictly three point shooter later in his career shows how cold he was.


So the people who didn't see Ray Allen in Seattle or Milwaukee. Yeah he was always like that for sure. I like Milwaukee, Ray Allen better than Seattle but Seattle Ray Allen was a problem. I like Seattle Ray Allen better. That was just on the west coast when we didn't see but Milwaukee, Milwaukee Ray Allen was more he got gang. Oh yeah that was more Yukon right? For sure. Yeah so Seattle boy was crazy. Yeah him and Big Do was going crazy for sure. Keep you up to date in the NFL as well. Couple fire games yesterday the Bills and Chiefs the first loss of the season. 30 to 21 late game pick from Pat Mahomes. Shout out to Josh Allen for finally getting over the hump against Pat. But I mean it's the chiefs man. They gonna do what they do. They had a little hiccup yesterday. I don't, I don't feel no problem with they organization their situation at all.


Man. Pat Mahomes really not playing good this year. We gonna keep it real. They just winning they, he is not having like a great MVP type year. Nah, I and I think he probably passed that too. I think he probably just liked him. Just get me to the playoffs type shit. Yeah, I mean he just having a okay football year but okay for him was crazy. But yeah, I mean they're winning but he is not having like a superior quarterback season. Like some of these other guys are like actually Josh Allen's having a really good year. He is. But like you said you coming off of winning Super Bowl last year and now you going your first loss Denver midway through the season Pat just like gimme to the finish line type shit. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. He ain't playing for season. He OG now.


Most definitely he playing for L which is crazy because he's super young. He still got plenty more to go. But I mean it was a good game yesterday for most definitely.


Now streaming on Prime. Video you can call me Good Tve Alex Cross based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best and created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't care for what this killer thinks. He's the smartest guy in the room. It's a lot of speakers out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to dress his gut against s head. Clock's ticking. It was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can't because I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video watch now


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. Check out Bose dot com


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 Podcast. We all got a thing obsession. For some of us it's vintages. Fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where closets get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering Rare trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any Doit Yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. The holiday season is here. That means that it is time to start doing your holiday shopping this holiday season. Shop in store or online and get great savings on holiday favorites like Royal Dance Danish butter Cookies. A signature select LightUp retro ceramic tree, Sylvania mini lights, village candles and multiple scents. Pokemon Scarlet and Violet card sets and more off ends December 3rd. Restrictions apply. Promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com. For more details.


Steelers man, shout to Russell Wilson. Four officer. He came back, they took care of the Ravens yesterday over for Fields. Damn. I told you I let him play wide out. It was, nobody's even thinking about that conversation no more. Which ain't fair to him. 'cause I mean he's still a very solid capable player. But Russell Wilson came in and did what he's supposed to do. Mike time looking like a genius. Everybody question him. I mean not really, but everybody was kinda like, what you gonna do with this situation? And he like, I ain't tripping. We about to win whole time. They taking care of business. Man. Shout out to the Steelers. The Bengals game yesterday against the Chargers was insane. The Chargers beat the Bengals but the Bengals scored 21 points in a row yesterday. It was nuts. Joe Burrell and Jamar Chase. Legendary combination. I just don't know if they ever gonna get over the hump for real. Ever. Yeah, they they really?


John Stockton, Carl Malone. That's very interesting on the field. On the field though. I mean spread like they never gonna win nothing but they stats gonna be crazy. Oh hell yeah. Most that and Jamar Chase is like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. His stats gonna be crazy. Like I said, he gonna be a top five receiver of all time when it's all said and done but he ain't gonna have no rings man. Free DeMar chase man. That's the only way he gonna get a ring 'cause it ain't gonna happen there. In sense. He get well soon. I wanna talk about the coachs man. Shout out to ar shout. I say getting that dub yesterday. Shout security shout. Shout out to ar. Shout him out. Crazy. Shout him out. I love ar. We cri, we critical when you don't do good. But I gotta show respect when you get on the field and do what you supposed to do bro. Show respect. Late game drive. Took him home man. Get outta here.


Shit. Get outta here. You can Lord. Get outta here man. Yeah, that, that organization got a lot going on. But I got show day off though. And the fans. And the fans. Yeah. Y'all jokes bro. Very tough fan base for sure. Very, very tough. But listen, he got an opportunity to play that shit like he was supposed to and took him home. Joe F Flaco didn't go win that game yesterday. He did. They lost some games that without him for no reason where he could have probably had more reps and got him some more dubs and maybe changed the trajectory of the season. Didn't happen. But he played yesterday. He took care of business. You gotta go show respect. Yeah, get rid of Aaron Rodgers. Man. My favorite quarterback of all time. He's done. Oh yeah. He'll be on Pat McAfee show next year for sure. Oh my gosh. I can't wait. And that's gonna be the scary part 'cause when he's done with football, for real, for real. He about to get out there and wild out.


He been in the league 20 years bro. Yeah it is time. Hang him up. Big dog. Roger's been in the league 20 years bro. He just got everybody fired at that organization that came out. Yeah, he done Don. That's fil it over for my guy. You got a hell of a career man. Yeah for sure man. Sit it down man. You gonna be a first ball hall of famer. What's crazy is, oh we thought that this situation was gonna go totally different last year and then for obviously he gets hurt the first game of the season last year. Now it's just like you forget Aaron Robinson still in the NFL up there in, I feel so bad. Just like nobody cares. He should, Devonte should have just waited for Shado out there in Vegas man.


He ain't gonna be a jet next year either. Free Devonte man. Devonte gonna go to the Texans. That'll be dope man. They don't need nothing else Steph. That'll be dope. That's cheap. They do not need nothing else to that team. I hope he don't go to the Cowboys or the Hey don't we didn't ask you to bring, he might go to the Chiefs though. Ah bro. They not doing that. The N NFL's not, they not. Well he's old enough to where they might let that happen but they ain't even stern in that one. Nah, the Chiefs ain't never had no they don't got no receivers. They all, they get all old receivers bro. He's not going to the chief. Think about it. They got my, they got bro they they got D Hop right now. They older. They had Juju even though he was he old? He was Nah, nah, he was his cheeks.


Yeah but he was, he was young than me. Yeah. Yeah Man you well soon to the Jets, that organization, the fans all the above that Travis Kel, old Travis Kel is definitely out but he's starting to play football again. Shout to him. Needed him and fantasy. Appreciate you big dog. Last but not least, the Packers got a dub yesterday took care of the Bears. K Williams experience has been lack lesser so far. And a lot of Bears fans are saying they wish they kept Justin Fields. It's only year one y'all. It's okay. It's only year one. That boy bought $13 million house there G guaranteed contract. I ain't count nobody money but dang that's a big 10 over 10 Ls for cribbage.


Crazy. He had that. He had that the US A in the Midwest. Yeah. That's wild. He's in Chicago too. That does play. I mean I feel you. It's the Midwest in the Midwest. It's crazy. You don't need that bro. Unless you I ain't nobody pocket. Nah, you don't have to bro. But who, who's are you? You out the Africans or you got the Mexicans? Like how many people live in that motherfucker bro? I don't know but 10 just me bro just vibes. Me and my girl, my family come over but 10. This NIL bro. Don't worry about it. It might not be that big though. It might just be new. It might be a six, 7,000 square foot crib but for 13 million it might be in the prime location. Yeah that he might be flipping that mug a couple years if he don't turn around. But I got faith it is one year. I'm just saying.


Damn true. I guess we from Indiana, I don't know too many people can buy 10. Like I'm thinking of resale value. I don't know too many people going buy 10 million Cris TE Realty on the way hit me freaking Mike. I just know like flipping houses in Chicago. Let's go all you flipping that one. Yeah that shit gonna come if we was in New York for sure. Most definitely. I I get it in New York, California. Yeah. I don't know why we put that up here. Monday night football Texan at Cowboys. Shout to Beyonce in the NFL for sticking the middle fingers to the NBA. For him to have her perform against the Ravens on Christmas day. Typically they have like a no true situation. We both in those situations. We didn't have the NBA plan on Thanksgiving and vice versa for Christmas.


Obviously those have changed and I don't know what the NB a's gonna do. I gotta look and see the time of that game. I forgot what game is going on at that time period. But the entire world will be watching Beyonce perform. Well why? Why are we just skipping over to Texas of Cowboys? Because we suck. We to go talk. We to watch Texas about to beat the sleeves off. I told y'all every time he don't wanna talk about something he, he starts talking about Beyonce. You want me to out here talk about the Cowboys talking. That's the game We are chiefs. It is not worth sound like that nigga Mr. The under. You sound like Mr. Chime when he went to TI restaurant he said 1, 2, 3 ass. I was like damn did you see the way he did Kirk Richie his spot.


I said bro out here a while if somebody gonna get on his ass. Yeah Mr. Ch talk. Somebody catch the favor with him bro. Yeah bro. He been fucking up people's ear pocket. I had them motherfuck salmon nuggets. Them motherfuckers wasn't that bad man. The way you made 'em seem And what's so crazy about the food reviewers is that they'd be in the front of, they whip fucking up people's whole entire legacy. They be in the front of a Kia messing up people's hard work and they may had a bad day in the kitchen. Oh God. With house is crazy. Kirk. Yeah Kirk Rashida the that chicken? Nah, when the bag was weighing all loose he said these are from the oxtails gimme a bowl, a bucket something. I can't do this.


So the box was leaking and had the juice said I had two bags, didn't work. But I'm gonna tell you right now, if you pay $40 for Oxtails and they bring you a bowl, you're gonna be pissed. Oxtails is expensive though bro. It was $50 year we make them bro. Oxtails is for a case or not even a case. A pack of oxtail Ragga or wherever you go grocery shop bro. It's like $30 bro. Yeah there's nothing that you, you get like six of them. There's nothing that you're spending over $30 for that you want to come in the bowl. That's crazy. I don't mind bro. What saying though? Oxtail? Proton. I don't know. Shout out to my bro. What's my boy ine from Utah? I know from Utah. I live in Utah. They'd be smoking. Dang. He be making oxtails t.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I know you talking about Bitch Nigga on the grill. Yeah. Going crazy strong be strong motherfucker. Yeah my fault Miami cuss like that. Fuck Mike. But look at that, that time period where she would be performing. That's prime time. You got seven, six Celtics at five and then you got the worst at Lakers. So yeah shout out to the NFL for making a power play. Y'all gonna see how much it is gonna be blurry and buffing the whole time anyway. It ain't on Netflix. Yeah what is on, what is it on then? Shit not the Netflix stream they used for that fight. The real Netflix gonna be from Beyonce. It's gonna be just fine. It is gonna be stupid just like Thatm was blurry bro. The server on that fight talking about Mike Tyson. All I seen, I seen him highlight him biting his Mme.


That's all I ever seen. They said he couldn't really, really attack him. How wanted to he hit him with a left was so crazy Damn spit the now letter juice outta j Paul mouth. So we're gonna get to that at the end of the show. I'm gonna ask some question for that. I got some questions for that fight. We're gonna save it to the end of the show before we get outta here 'cause we might get outta hand. So let's get through these games today. Bulls at Pistons tonight. Who you got? I don't care. The Pistons really nice. Y'all telling y'all Jayden. I shout to the young boy Indy Heat. You hooping my boy. Hey, hey keep going. It's time to get paid. He might be the coldest Christian in the league. Real talk. Yep. Shout to the Lord.


Hey somebody in the comments. That's crazy. So why the comments is just like the Pistons got a better record of the Pacers right now while he shitting on us. You right. I apologize. Yeah I tell y'all nah I stayed on your team. We won again. We back ahead of y'all. Y'all suck Sixers at Heat. I'm sorry you you want Pistons obviously. Yeah, I'm a Pistons fan for sure. Sixers at heat, heat light work. Yeah going with six going with the Sixers. Okay. Wizards at Knicks Knickers Niggas for sure. Nick Boxers no fresh and fit. You going with the Knicker boxers. All pagers at Raptors Light work. Raptors, Raptors, Grady, GD Now go ahead and say it. 20. I see. Nah I see Charles Barkley say I can't say his name.


Mine. I can't tell you. Charles has said way worse Shit on that show. Way worse. And shout out to inside the NBA they got the A B, CSPN situation next year. So regardless of what happens, I think they will be streaming or they'll be a part of commentary next year, which is fire. A lot of people are mad that they're coming back but guess what we need them 'cause they're still hilarious. Like who Mad? Why are they mad people don't like them? Well basically they said the problem that people have with Inside Bed is they say that they're older out of touch. They don't be knowing people's names. They don't know what's going on but they always say that the product sucks and they're just like how can you expect people to invest in a product or watch a product? So that sound like us We don't be knowing people names. Well that definitely I know but the crazy thing is these teams do be like the rappers are cheats.


Like yes bro, we can tell you the teams are trash but also they don't have all those games on t and t. That's the whole point of them doing that by the way too. People gotta think deeper than that sometimes. But shout to them for being around. We need 'em for the culture. Rockets at Bucks Rockets. Yeah I'm gonna Rockets too. Bucks Magic at sons songs. Magic. Mm Easy game. I'm gonna roll with, I'm gonna roll with the sons on just Army just 'cause they lost. If not I would probably rock with the magic. They'd be doing well without PPP Hawks at Kings. Kings. Yeah I'm gonna go with Kings and last but that's Easy. Dub Last but not least Warriors at Clippers. NPI whispered the Kings 'cause I'm a Hawks fan.


I just want you to know that Mike you don't have to tell me the talking to the mic. Hey man NP killing I'm a hawk for life. Okay I'll take the Warriors tonight. Okay, there you go. Mike take the Warriors tonight. Yeah, yeah I'm gonna go with the Clippers going the clips the Warriors tonight. James Har might do his thing but nah I'm going with the Warriors. You ah yeah I'm going the Warriors bro. Who out today? My boy D me out Alfred the season ACL for you Give well soon man. Yeah I don't know if he out for the season though. He ain't tear. Was it a sprint or tear? I thought it was Spring Itpr. Oh my. I hope back killing boys off. Nah but you know that ACL word. That's that's tough Boy that's tough. Verified Bucket is a lot of people going crazy this weekend be he who was getting to it. Yeah I don't care about nobody else.


The real JR told y'all it was Gametime baby Shaq and Kobe. Shout out to AE for letting my guy get that shot. We back baby. Yeah i's to get y'alls whoever y'all want. My verified bucket been the Fox bro. D man hooping killing having a 60 point game of following up with 49. You really like that my boy. I always been a fan. I actually wanna pair your shoes 'cause the foxtail on the on the strap is pretty dope. I'm gonna have to buy me a pair of Under Armours. I never had a pair. Shout out to Steph for you know starting a brand which is crazy is he's under somebody else's brand on the company. He got the best shoe. That's far to me that's hard. Shoe hard because you ain't never looked at step shooting. Be like I need that. I looked at D Fox like I damn rock with that.


Yeah I I'm getting them. Matter of fact D Fox if you want sponsor just tap in with me brother. That boy is selling hisself to everybody. Selling hisself is crazy. That boy cheap ain't it. Whoa. Hey it is gonna cost me, it gonna cost me the word on Foxes but he cheap. I wear 'em though. I want the OG Steph All whites though. Steph tap in bro. The lows. Yeah I don't wanna buy 'em but if I have to Fair but you know what's crazy, them shoes ain't cheap either was like 1 40, 1 50. Yeah they nah them all white Steph ain't no one 50 The lows they was one 30 when they dropped. They probably a little bit higher now 'cause they quote unquote pro Like a retro. Yeah a retro For real bro. No I'm not is expensive.


That's crazy bro. B Fox Most is all right though. And what's crazy is Dre Fox, when he was a Nike he had a fire Air Max one had a fire piece. I got him. Yeah I was gonna say I ain't surprised that he going crazy with Shoe Game. He always been tapped in like that. I'm gonna show some love de book man. I know they got the the L but 44 my boy showing up at Acaia. I got show some love to that for sure man. Be here the favorite segment of this show. Some people need some encouragement man. Get well soon. Who needs some talking I guess my boy Mellow man you got watch your mouth King y'all. Y'all like my boy Evan Turner said boy y'all, y'all getting too comfortable in the league. Tone it down a little bit, you know what I mean? You can't say no homo bro. You know what I mean? So you know just mix it up. You can change your verbiage. It's cool. But he get my get well soon for the day for sure.


A hundred K fine is tough. Not for him bro. Yeah 200 yeah hundred K his As for that that's is there any situ, I mean obviously not in that one but are there any situation where like organizations will take care of something for you? Like if you say something crazy in a post conference? No, I say something you yeah that's tough. Might get well soon to the Jaguars losing 46 points of lines is crazy. That's just unacceptable. I don't care how sad you are. The whole Jacksonville just need to get will man. Yeah Trevor Lawrence all the above man bring back Urban Meyer. Hell that's crazy. Last but not least my get will soon is Netflix. Bro. I couldn't even watch the fight bro. It's too lit. Too many people tuning in bro.


Happened and when it was on, it was blurry When I threw my tape on Netflix bro the servers crashed so I got it bro. Just be glad it was free. You was cooking, what was you doing? Cooking it all had that apron on. That's a nasty scene bro. So was you like the nigga dad, the step pops on baby boy. Damn dear you was Melvin. This was some tube socks on nigga want some Kool-Aid. Melvin was out there like he was just born. I had my socks on. Baby Challenge with Mike Tyson though. Man you finess the world, you the goat. He was in that locker room looking like Mme Ryan in the, in the kitchen. He was out of pocket. I knew he wasn't gonna be able to fight when I seen nigga had a knee brace on it's over.


Nigga is dragging his knee. Do y'all think that fight was fixed? Yes bro. Bro he got, he got all of us. So do y'all think that it was fixed for Mike to chill out and just go with the situation? Do you feel like it was just like a money grab? Because I feel like Mike probably could have turned up a little bit more bro, he's 60 years old bro. Yeah, he asking Mike to turn up is like asking him to go to the club and do redo hangover bro. He is gonna die bro. And he almost just died. Yeah, literally bro. Did you see the interview? He had blood clots, right? Oh, I thought you was talking about the other shit that he missed that missed him. Nah, not that I'm talking about. I'm talking about he had blood clots recently so yeah. Did you hear him talk to that little girl when she asking him about his his, that's why you know he over with He he, he said I'm just gonna die.


I don't care about legacy when I bid. Who cares? I said God damn Mike. She's a teenager. Mike, she, she never about to cry. She said never heard anyone say it like that. First of all, that's your people fault Luis. Roll the tape man. She look why have have looks so sad. But why y'all have her talking to Mike? Y'all I know he liable to say anything bro. But he just being bro got kids bro. Yeah, no he talked to them the same way bro. When I crash, crash out I crash out bro. And she said I never heard anybody describe it like that. Yeah, well I felt so bad for her because she's so smart and do a good job of interviewing people. Shout out to her man. She had a bright future for her to have that interview scare her away from this whole industry.


But then him talking about him and his homeboy hooping on shorty, he is like I'm the only one that survive. It is crazy. Crazy bro. If you'd have missed that bro, you goed bro. Mike had a That's a wild shot. Mike had a crazy, you've missed the Eae and raw too. Euro step. The Eae is crazy. That is crazy bro. He done had a crazy, crazy life bro. Oh I told y'all bro. I think, I think he got the craziest life for real. That cane bro. It's that cane bro, that cocaine does something different to you bro. Bro, he been a drug addict. He been a all, he been a half what? May almost half a billion dollars boxing. Yep to becoming a drug addict. Koch has never died bro. To revamping his life being a movie star and then to go into the farming industry with marijuana making a killing off that and then coming back.


He lost a hundred s and still Rich. Yeah, he lost 300 s. I'm just saying though, like and he came to rebrand with Mike Tyson. It's crazy. He started doing the podcast. Yeah. So shout out Mike. He voted to me. Yeah, he's definitely got and he just talks about doing mushrooms freely. Yeah bro. Nah, he has look the to bro. That's what he on bro. His life is look the toe not to the toad that's on you. But that's what Michael y don't need no mushroom for that. That's your Netflix special Tuck. My napkin is man, Netflix a foot. He is a foot guy man. He got a foot finished for all y'all wouldn't type in full, full body. He the one got his own only fans full. Put the motherfuckers on my shoulders if you want to before we get outta here, be before you crash out.


In, The, Morning. People trying to win some money. Start off that week man. You was over over before last week man. They trying to come up. What's up? How about dig They in comics like I was almost there. Be here. Owe me money. Today we have the Crown is yours. Let's start off with that. Zach Levine plus 25 Jimmy Butler plus 25 Jordan Pool 20 points. Dame Willard 25 Devin Booker, 25 Trey Young, 25 Steph Curry. 25 grand total of hundred dollars. Get you $35,000. 284 on the back end. I wanna back.


It is crazy.


Listen man, use draft Kids, the crown is yours. Use promo Code Club five 20 so you can use that bet when you some money.


Start your week off right or maybe she will leave you before Thanksgiving. Either way, it is a win. We appreciate y'all rocking with us. We got a great episode. Loading up today at 12:00 PM Eastern Time with Josh Smith. The anniversary episode. Spin the Block on our dog. He started off the five 20 podcast with us so we know we had to go back and show the favorite. Appreciate y'all tune in, like share, subscribe. We will be back tomorrow morning five 20. In, The, Morning, The, Volume, what's Pop and Justin Jefferson here.


Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway Planning to entertain in your home this holiday season. Make sure you stock up on all your household cleaning essentials before guests arrive. Now through December 3rd. Save when you shop in store or online on items like Swiffer Pet, Swiffer Wet Jet, Mr. Clean brooms, Clorox bathroom cleaner, Lysol, all purpose cleaner signature, select glass cleaner and signature. Select drain clog remover. Offer ends December 3rd. Restrictions apply. Promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com. For more details.


Hey listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance in game without compromise. With Intel core I nine processors, gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com.


Your teen requested a ride, but this time not from you. It's through their Uber teen account. You drive your teenager around a lot to their friend Jacob's House, their other friend Jake's house to James's. To Jayden's to Jaylin's too. Oh Mom, this is Jake's house, not Jacob's. Now with an Uber teen account, your team can request a ride under your supervision. The ride with a highly rated driver and with live trip tracking, you'll follow along the whole ride to their friend's houses. That all sound the same. Add your team to your Uber account today. See app for details. Bye Mom.