
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development Banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington dc.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say. Do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, NA and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broca. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC


The volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show brought to you by Bus Mobile to see the new sign behind us. We're leveling up for show. We got a full house this morning. We got Mo, we got Teague Bishop. How y'all feeling this morning man? What up bro? Chilling Bro. What up? Hey man, they wanna say my, my two co-hosts on my left and right man. They say y'all the reason why TE's is on unemployment right now, man. Twitter. Twitter went crazy on me. I, I'm sorry New York but it was Tom. We the ones that haven't but I mean, You know, shout out to my inside plug. I knew it. I just didn't want to give it away man. God bless Tib And this family though see is probably good bro.


That's what I'm saying man. He cool. Just Bring Mike on in. See 30 million. 30 million. Yeah. Unless you've been living under the rock in the basketball world, you have found out that Tom Thito has relieved of his job to be yesterday by, excuse me, yesterday by the New York Knicks. Man after one of the best seasons, a very long time period, five seasons with the Knicks. Tibs went 22 and 1 74 almost 600. And listen, the New York Knicks were not that relevant before tibs got that back cracking for show man. How y'all feel about that? Just off the dribble, Tibs getting let go after that season. Did we see this coming? Did we think it was gonna happen? I mean I get it 'cause he's stuck in his ways. But it's like at this point, what do you gotta do to remain a head coach in the NBA bro?


Mm All facts. Hey What do you have to do? He he he's winning. He church. Y'all back up. It's either championship or you fired bro. So do this mean Joe Missoula, if they don't win next year, he gonna get fired Damn near. This is crazy Bro. I mean look, look at his predecessors. See what happened with inmate. I know that was a different situation but I'm just saying bro, everybody can't win every year bro. Nah, it's just they one young, a younger coach. Yeah, he just not adapting with the to and tips is cool. Y'all know he one of my favorite, he probably my favorite coach. He the coolest coach I ever had. Really? Yeah but he just not adapting with the to and everybody seeing how all these new young coaches are playing and their team is exciting.


Even though Rick Carlisle is a older coach but he got them playing a younger style and you can tell he listen to Lloyd Pierce and all his assistants, you can tell that they got some influence on how Rick plays and how he coaches and that's all they want for New York. Tibs is like a one man band. He pretty much do everything he do all the scouts he run. He don't let nobody control the offense. He controls the offense and it's a boring style to play. And with all those scoring pieces that they got, like they looked at Mike Hill Bridges as a scorer 'cause he averaged 20 in Brooklyn. Yeah they paid OG to Max. So they expect him to get big numbers and Jalen Brunson is the guy and if they don't see like they flowing a bit in the offense, they like, we gotta try something different 'cause we paid all this money and they can't really trade nobody.


No. That's one thing I think a lot of people are like, all right Tibs, whatever, but what's up with Leon Rose? 'cause you traded five first round picks for Mikhail Bridges. Like yeah you put this roster together knowing that TIB was your coach But they thought it was just gonna work out bro. They super, super top heavy man. Talented. So I don't think they thought it was gonna go like this. They had a good year though, shit. Well Yeah that's my thing. It's like, it's not like y'all lost in the first or second round. Y'all made it to the conference finals. I was about To say go like what? 'cause nobody thought they was about to win the chip anyway. Yeah, I Mean I think people thought they had a chance to win. Yeah, Nah I do too. I honestly thought the Celtic, I think they built that team for the Celtics though. I never thought Thought Knicks was gonna win. I thought they built New York. New York Knick for the, for The Celtics though bro.


That's literally what they made that team for. No They did but I just didn't see it. If they could beat 'em still I didn't see it that way. That team was literally made for the Celtics. Oh because I was about to say bro, it just didn't match up with each other. Yeah, I was gonna say if for Zika didn't have the bird flu bro, it might have been a different case Bro. It is literally why they made that team. It's crazy. I did. It's crazy you said that like that's literally why they made That team. No it just from the looks of it shit like the big ass wings like to match theirs Like yeah of course they did make it for That. Yeah. Yeah some some of my guys that me in New York work around the team. They told me we literally made this team for the Celtics. Oh damn. Well yeah there it is. Then they Beat and they beat the Celtics. So why am I fired?


Did what y'all wanted Me to do. But they didn't say y'all supposed to lose to Indiana Lot Of shit. Well they know they're our sons. They ain't had no choice but to take that l You know what I'm saying? Every time y'all go somewhere in the playoffs, You know we send y'all home. They know the vibes. But the funny part about it is same shit happened last year with Ka again. They built that Minnesota team to beat Denver and then they got to be Denver and then they got to Dallas, got up outta here and now Cat's in New York. It Just didn't match your well with the Pacers bro. Nah, the Cat again, it's all cat fault bro. This is Crazy. See the Pacers, A cat is crazy going around too. The Pacers are insane. The Pacers a more ale like a, a quicker, faster version of the Celtics.


Like you can key in on the Celtics like You know Jason Tatum getting the ball, You know Jaylen Brown getting the ball and they gonna get it at some point and they gonna iso you. Yeah. So Mikel Bridges, Josh Har and Nobi match up well with them. Yeah, them little quick fast guards at the Indiana got. They ain't all physical. They use finesse and speed. That ain't a good matchup for them. Like you got M Hill Bridges running around here chasing Tyrese, Halliburton and he wasn't built for that. He was built a bang with Jason Tatum and yeah Jalen Brown who gonna play this isolation ball Tyrese running around like a little kid. Yeah, that's the fact though. You know what I mean? That's, they just wasn't made for that.


That wasn't a team for that at all. They, I mean should they beat the others? They matched their will with the suit with them Ry. They ran him out the gym bro. Yeah Man it is just crazy. You know what I'm saying? Anytime you get that, ah he's our guy, he's good, You know something's coming. They just said nah, he's good. Great season 24 hours later, fuck out of town. But I don't know like I don't know who they're gonna hire. Who would you hire though? I've seen some of the names. I'll throw it out there. I think one of the theories I I'm reading into is Johnny Brown, we talked about him being a finalist for the sons head coach job. Maybe they had to move a little bit quicker because You know he might be off the market soon if that's the guy they want. Like you said going younger maybe that's one I've seen Mike Malone, we've talked about that as a possibility.


I like that Jay Wright I think to me is a reach, I don't know how y'all feel about that. Where Mark Jackson at Man I'm Not with no college coaches moving up. You ain't with that move? Nah, it's just two different games bro. College and the NBA is Two. I think the only one as of as of late that did well was Brad Stevens maybe. Yeah, Billy Donovan. Billy Donvan was Well Billy Donovan. Yep, Billy Donovan did. That's just A, that's just a two different battles bro. I'm Telling Yeah different. I mean yeah I mean you got out of the business. I'm not gonna say this is why Jay Wright got out of the business but he left when it was time to start paying people he didn't wanna deal with it. Yeah but you Think you about to go to the NBA they get paid like Yeah your attitudes are worse.


Yeah You about to yell at them like you can't yell at them. You can't control them. It's not gonna happen Like even like even though if you coach the Nixon, all your guys are Villanova guys, the moment you start saying hey you better get your ass back. Hey man, so You homie little homie now Cal and I would never coach in the NBA again 'cause he wanna control it more. Can't do that in the NBA bro. Yeah Cal came in the NBA at a bad time. Who he coach The Nets? Yeah. Yeah they was all crash juice. They was gonna whoop his head whooping Bro. They said matching Derrick. Hell coming into that next locker room then heard boy he get the yelling doing all that crazy shit. Stay in college Forever. That might be with the shit. So I think he might Be alright man elbow him on the top of his head man.


Will Latrell Sprewell do man. He gonna be part two The the mama, he mother F person boy you mother Stupid ass. How about you? He be holding that Man. He get elbow on top of his head be Fired. He'd be fired in the Morning bro. Mitchell Robinson gonna pow drop that nigga so he talk about getting back. Oh Man Is there Inmate u Doka as a a potential coach? Yeah they said they was gonna try to reach out to Inmate J Kid as well but they not gonna get a chance to speak to them. I about Say he coaches Another team. I know they gonna actually interview him but he ain't getting there. I know inmates shit, I know that Knicks probably can offer a lot more money.


Yeah. Than whatever he got from Houston I'm pretty sure. But the Houston Rocks ain't gonna let him out that contract after the season they just had and also the pressure in New York like y'all ain't won a championship for how long So y'all coach get to Eastern Conference final and I get fired. I don't want that job. Nah, I inmate built for that job. Yeah, if it's one coach that's built for New York it's inmate he can get it done. Yeah he he probably the best coach in the league. I ain't gonna lie. And it be cold. Yeah he'll turn him up and he gonna make you guard and he gonna hold you accountable. He don't play none of that. He probably the best coach in the league. I ain't gonna lie. Okay. He the best coach. Yeah like we definitely one of em. The proof is in the pudding so far too. I don't, I don't know who's a better coach.


Like everywhere he go that team turn up. Yeah he, when he was in Brooklyn he was just the assistant they was turned. Yeah he get the head coaching job in Boston. All of a sudden they had Brad, it went to a different level with him Ma. Yeah Houston Rocks was some shit Pieces of Shit number two C nigga in the, in the west. Yeah he come From under Pop though so he knows some shit bro. Yeah he, I ain't mad at that Like yeah what inmate making 7 million a year and Tibs was making 11. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Upgrade. Yeah please. And the dope part about Tibs is his extension kicked in this year. Yeah so So next year. Excuse me. So that's fire. He get 30, they he owe 30 million free 30 paper wise Tibs straight.


Ah he been straight But to, to me I think just hearing you talk about him so much bro he loved basketball so much. Yeah, same. What the fuck That's all I come to Nat be an assistant coach for two years and take a head coaching job again bro because he Loves that. Yeah bro. Talk about him all the time. Like he sleeping at office so. Oh I used To, you see him in the Bulls, he got the square window, he'd be in that shit all day. I was two in the Morning. He'd be in there like What the fuck doing? Yeah I used to come shoot at like 1 32 in the Morning. He'd be coming out of the, out of the office like hey what are you doing in here? I'm like what the fuck are you doing in here bro? Like we just, so look this is, this is a minute ago it was me John Lucas and we went to a Young Thug concert. Yeah. And Thug. It was JCO but Thug, I think Thug might have been, I can't remember who concert was but we all end up going back to the gym and shooting and shit and Thug and all them was shooting.


Guess who come creeping out that motherfucking office here come Tibs, Tibs. We like ah shit what's up boy, what's going on? We like that, that that's that rapper. These Nigga ain't on my team. Yeah He like they rappers bro. They rappers like, You know what I mean? They rap that's, he was like, oh hey walked back in his office like, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So what is that man about to do bro? He gonna Be pissed up. Nah, You know what they, I think what they should have did man this is just me being real. Obviously Tibs and Leon Row, he been his agent forever. Yeah all them, they like a big family over there. They should have just told tips. Hey man we gonna pull you in the front office facts. You gonna be like, like Brad Stevens did like Brad was like shit maybe I'm just not the voice for this team.


We gotta pull somebody else in here that can get the best out of, they should have just did that with Tibs. Like Tibs man we rock with you. They just might need a new voice man we gonna pull you up to the front office. You still gonna get your 30 million but just be an executive for us, You know what I mean? Don't think T won do that either. Yeah But shit wants But yeah you gotta get your ass on so Come here. That's probably his last coaching job, right? Yeah. Head coaching job. You think so? Yeah, that's probably his last one. That's fucked up. If my last head coaching job bro, I went to the Eastern conference finals bro. We had a great Year. We went out good Bro. It just, it just, he just, it's a new wave man. It is like even coaching high school basketball kids and young men are different bro. Yeah. Like they not, they not used to you like even though Tibs, he not a hard coach.


He don't do nothing hard. Like he don't like he's not confrontational at all. Like if you like man get get off that he'd be like Hey man come on man come on. All you gonna say is come on, come on. He not gonna argue with you back. He ain't gonna mother f you none of that. And he not that kind but he's not personable. Like it is hard to have a real, that's what you need. Yeah. Like I got a relationship with Tiff 'cause I joke all day and I go in his office and, but he not gonna be cool with everybody. Like if he, if you the 10th man on the bench, he probably don't talk to you like he probably These new kids need that. You got love on the pause. Like you gotta really, but then embrace the personality Shit. So that ain't, But then the difference is you got a team like the Pacers where you got 10 people that play and they all hugging Rick Carlisle or they all super cool with the assistance and everybody look like they just won Johnson Mo Baker, he over there.


I thought he got a relationship with them kids too. So Look like they just having a great time. So yeah, a lot of people say this could be pop potentially for the Knicks. You know there Steve Curry from Mark Jackson moment. Mm. But it could also go worse. It's, it's not necessarily you gonna say you gonna upgrade know we all saying get Mike Malone but shit. Yeah you old school too. People didn't like Mike Malone in in Denver. In Denver. Like Yeah and like you said they, I said some of the players were in favor of moving off in the situation. They said some people didn't know their role, quote unquote. Hey I seen Mike Malone say all right the joke is cool. Everybody else get it out the mud. Yeah it ain't gonna be a sweet transition if they go in that direction.


The grass ain't always green in New York. Y had a hell of a season. Yeah I think y'all should get like some new young blood in there though. I don't think y'all should go with a veteran coach like that unless you gonna get MAU do. Unless you gonna get Jason Kidd who proven know how to play with these guys. Like Jalen Brunson played for him already so he know how to get the most outta Jalen Brunson. He was killing out there. Yeah. Unless you gonna get one of them too. Scratch everybody else get some new young blood. If it is Johnny Bryant, fuck it. Yeah okay. I mean y'all season might get worse but shit you ain't gotta pay him that much 'cause you paying tips 30, you praise Johnny Bryant 4 million a year. Yeah probably less than that. He'll take a chance. You know what I mean?


If you're taking that route. Yeah. And we'll talk about some of the the roster things that they're looking into as well. But like you said, ain't no point in doing all those roster changes if you got a coach who ain't gonna play 'em. Yeah. So but I'm just thinking like you still owe TIB 30 million. I have, yes sir. Pay another coach 10 million too. I mean shit I know it's New York money, ain't none of them but shit. Yeah it all come from the Jalen Brunson savings account that they saved on. Yeah, shout out to him for sure.


Listen, the NBA finals are almost here and every play could lead up to the moment that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the DraftKings sports book and the official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that code club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if you original BET hits. That's called Club five 20 for all new customers Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources see dk g.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes right but on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen they admitted they ed up and I bring it back the OG cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for Yourself.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC.


'cause the 2025 NBA playoffs get more exciting actually yes because this year thanks to dash pass members only deal when they swoosh you score specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use your promo called Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score sign for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one. Valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game. Must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants assistants switch you to Mint mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Alright in the super chat early in it Javon Mu says be here and tell him about that video about Michael Irvin. Nah man, shout out to cocaine IRVs man. But we got a video. Oh yeah? Yeah. Oh yeah. Ain't even no sound on and I know he wilding. Look at why he got a belly ring bro. Look At this. Vin Diesel said I knew I'd come a long way from home but this just Brazil. Wait what is he? You Know Michael Irvin got a Billy Button ring. Yeah I might be writing about football. I might pull Bobby from football. Bobby might have to go golf.


We saw the CT right there in that video. It is present for sure. That is insane bro. Yeah I'm glad you brought up football 'cause people was really like writing me like you stupid. You don't know the x's and os of football. Oh they was really mad at you. I'm like bro, the whole point we wasn't talking about that. You don't know the Xs Os. Yeah. So I'm just saying if you just play football we know that it takes skill and you gotta re have a good memory and remember plays and shit. Yeah but if I tell somebody hey I'm gonna give you the ball and they're gonna do their job, they're gonna block right here. I just need you to run directly through that hole and don't, don't do anything else. Just run. You could do it. You can't run straight then you got real problems bro.


You can't. You don't need to play. You don't need to play can So listen. Problems. Okay, that's a drill. I get that. Nah, I've seen that in a you dumb in the game. You dumb as hell if you if everybody's out here just run there. Yeah, no in the game when motherfuckers happen in a game when motherfuckers are moving bro. Yeah you didn't have to have some type of IQ to get through a hole. You just gotta have business. Everybody else do they driving and block. Yeah that's what it's supposed to be. That's, I'm like that's everybody's job. Like you get paid to do the play Straight. But I'm saying like Barry in school, that's Elite Bro. He had to adapt bro. Yeah they was sad. That's why he retired early.


They had a rougher his life every place because they line wasn't doing they job. A real old line Barry would've been in back, back ball Time. So to his point to Barry Sanders, bro I had to have some type of No iq. Yeah. To not die. No you right. Literally though. You Think you gotta have a high IQ to drive To drive a car. Yeah. Damn near bro. We found out this morning. No you don't shout. Yeah, I'm making my whole point. It's a lot of people who drive cars that don't got high kids. Nah but you have to pay attention bro. That's all I'm saying. You gotta pay attention. That's instinct. Muscle men, That's all his instincts bro. You don't want to get hit. It's like you just said a hundred mile hour. Lemme run this.


Yeah. If a hundred mile per hour baseball game, what you gonna do that Don't take no thinking bro. You gonna say Duck actually baseball, come sit down. Listen of of a fly. Come fly a fly. Come by your ear right now. What you gonna do? I'm used to fly homies. I tap back into my childhood. Not that the homies I was about to say. So that's gonna get us canceled. If you can dodge rich, you can dodge the ball. I was about to say something so no, but I think I just don't like how y'all speak on football. I'm not disrespecting football. I mean those people was probably ODing your dms or whatever. But I just think y'all disrespecting the How we I'm not saying 'cause all y'all got all y'all basically saying easiest bro.


Listen bro, those playbooks bro be this big Wet, get that part bro. We not saying that's what I'm saying. We get that part. You gotta remember that place. But you only gotta remember. So that's not no instinct. Shit. Listen, all you gotta do is remember your job. Like in basketball you can't, it's no disrespect but you on both ends, yo. Both ends. And you gotta, you can't have a job in basketball like somebody fall trip or whatever in a basketball game. Or like say we about to go do a huddle, they get to the line and can see what's about to happen. Like oh shit. Nah nah, he blitzing, he blitzing. Nah nah, switch the package, blah blah blah. You can't do that in basketball. The ball ball up in the air. If a dude just start running at me and my teammate just keep running, it's a rap. I can't switch the package. You, you might Have to guard any player you don't like.


Basketball out is too fast bro. You switch too fast. You running down the court. You gotta match up with a six five switching Back and forth to offense that fast bro. They get to stop every play reset. Find, Call the play. He blitzing. Y'all are really Blown. It's no disrespect but I'm just saying this Is crazy coming from YouTube. It's easier to control. It's easier to control. Think about it Bro. You'll just see how Michael Irvin was acting. That's I'm saying Not having to you and be in a crash dump Out there. No it's 'cause he hit his head too many times. So he Just tripping. He off that cane. He has a real free Workout. Follow Yeah but all I'm saying is like, but he's one the coldest are you in football?


In football is a definition of just do your job. He's making our point. He's one the coldest bro. He's an idiot. Come on bro. Shout out to Michael Irvin. What I'm saying, football, football is the definition of just do your job. So is basketball bro. No It is bro. How you got like rows nigga Patrick Beverly bro, just lock up bro. Just do this. Okay. All right. My point exactly. Just do this Patrick. Beverly just lock up. Just lock Up do your, Oh we gonna trap James hard and j Patrick. Beverly. Your job wasn't to shoot but now you gotta shoot today, you gotta shoot, you gotta shoot. Nah your job, no your role changed. You mean in football? It never, it never changes. He said the runback would never go say well you're playing quarterback today.


Yeah it never changed your job. You never gotta be the go-to guy. If you Marshawn Lynch, listen Ru Russell Wilson gonna hand you that ball. He ain't gonna ever say Hey we gonna switch. I'm gonna hand it to you Russell. That's never gonna happen. Never y'all Wildling Bro. Alright. But we gotta leave. Mr. Law made us super check go crazy As a kid like y'all did. Y'all saying no disrespect with all the disrespect, how Am I disrespect? I'm saying you got football. Literally I'm Saying basically it's so easy just to put it out there. No, no, No, no, no, no, no. I'm not saying it's easy. Said it's, I'm not playing. It's so easy. I'm not playing no football. It's very difficult to play football. I just say all you, all you gotta do is be, But it's not as hard as basketball bro. All you gotta do is be crazy enough to play football Man.


What? Yeah look, look at the group chat. Football. I see Ball, get Ball. That's literally HW season. That's Jeff Burner account. We got, we got fun Again. That's y'all fucking around. No, But that's what they, that's what they tell defensive players. That's what, that's literally what they tell d play play sea ball, go get the ball. Literally. Yeah. So all I need to be is you're little crazy enough to like I'll run through that wall, I'll hit somebody. I don't care about hurting nobody. Literally. Yeah, I heard kids say I only like doing the Oklahoma drill 'cause I wanna run into people. I said ah, I don't wanna do that bro. I don't wanna do that. Yeah, that's even Zaire said That. So if you sad at football, you just really a piece of shit because you soft. If you sad, you soft bro. You pretty much play football bro.


That's pretty much. And what was funny is I, that's why I'd be sad because I'm not running. I I'm telling y'all, if a motherfucker run straight at me, I'm moving out the way. Listen, Chad, don't don't, don't go in on my guys man stand on my guys dms man. They, They just big man. So I've never said that. Football, I you're y'all way tougher players than basketball players. 1000%. I've never said y'all wasn't tough or Yeah, them all trench babies out there Like the fact that y'all want to go hit each other. Cool. Y'all, y'all way tougher than basketball player. Never said that wasn't the case. But all I need to find is a couple tough motherfuckers that can run hard and I be all Right. You have to be highly skilled to play football bro. Certain Positions Like I promise you bro bro.


Like I'm letting y'all get y'all shit up bro. Y'all getting wild Bro. They got a position called Athlete. I understand. Like that's your position. That's the badge I'm at Athlete. That motherfucker just say go be a Athlete. I just think y'all disrespecting people like Randy Mos no Cole bro. He Jim Bailey bro. We not like Cole. We not listen y'all you you make, you make it feel like we disrespect them because I'm saying they're good, they're great at the position but I'm saying get ball. I see ball Football. Y'all said that that's what some people do. Please say that they Wrote that however that shit TC bro. Think about, think about the linebackers not in the NFL.


I'm just saying. I'm talking about as a kid, as a linebacker, that's what they tell you to go do. They hand the ball go get him, go get him on God bro. That's what they do. I ain't saying no we ain't. I y'all talking about That you, you're not calling nobody savage. I'm saying like every bro it is special football player. Yes it's, it is, it is. To see the whole field like that bro is pretty a fucking amazing Bro. You miss y'all missing a point. We know they're elite level talent. They're skilled and they are professional athletes so they gotta study 'cause obviously you gotta start running plays and you studying people trying to, so you Always believe it's easier to play football than basketball? Yeah Because I can train you to do one thing. You don't gotta play both sides. Like that's why Travis Hunter, what he do is so special.


People like this is crazy. He can do that. Like I can train you to do one thing. Like in basketball you can't get trained like you will get exposed. We make fun of Rudy Gobert every day. DPOY. Like he could play defense but then they throw him to the ball, nigga throw it to the top of the backboard. You like man this nigga trash. But if he could just sit on defense the whole game, he'd be the best player. Nigga. If he didn't have to go to the other end, we would never say nothing about Rudy Beer. We wouldn't say a word. Think could something out for offense. Every possession man. What the football you could do that. He'd be the most valuable person ever bro. For sure. All man we gonna leave it in the chat again. It gonna go crazy. I'm just saying it's The truth. Sorry Chad. Sorry you Too. But back in the super chat Caleb Alexander said LT won Super Bowls off pure eighties Coke.


Shout to LT when it goes to do it. He's a different one. He's a different breed. He that, that nigga being at home asleep waking up like shit we playing today. That's legendary. Listen that's a, that's a prime example. See Ball go get Ball. Like he even ball. He didn't even look at the playbook. I swear to God he ain't look at the playbook bro. He didn't, he ain't know he had a game. Look at the schedule. Come on, fuck the playbook. He had a wild life bro. He didn't know how to play bro. Come on bro. He missed half the Game bro. Bro. He just said play off instincts bro. And go get the ball bro. I'ma tell you you need a podcast. Him and Michael Irvin dad they call it Coke Boys Outta The fire.


Tyson sit where DJ is. Oh he the moderator. Oh that's a bad show There fighting bro. For sure. He be like no that night in Miami was on me. No it was on me. You took over New York? Nah, nah, nah. New York was a good time. Z 71 Super said why y'all never bring up Illinois? When y'all talking about Best States in city Chicago got some of the best hoopers in the world man to Chicago Love Shot Town Show Love the will by and them. Yeah We love Chicago. Chicago show Chicago Ain't Yeah Chicago. Chicago got like eight good players. Yeah. Oh shit That yeah Chicago got some killers say I'm just talking shit out to Chicago.


Nah but they got D roll. Isaiah Thomas, Tim Hardaway, Howard Kg Richardson is from Chicago. Yeah Richard D. Wade Kg Count. Nah he from South Carolina D Wade. Nah the shout really got a lot of Hoopers though. Midwest altogether got a bunch of basketball players West got some of the best basketball bro. I'm gonna probably say the best. The best Midwest. Cali, Cali Hold it down For the West Coast man. Shit so big. It's like oh that damn like a country over there hold Long. Got Russ Paul Pierce and James Harden bro. Bro that's just, We ain't even go through the that's everybody Though. Yeah Cali got a lot of people man. For sure. Shout to Chicago. They post to though.


Yeah Nothing like a summer of Chicago for sure. Alright. Average Jones the super chat shit gotta add basketball players gotta know what everyone on the team gotta do on the court. Football players need to stop every play and get told what they gotta do. That's it. Cts real respectfully. Damn. Gotta add basketball. No he just saying you don't have to talk to basketball players as much as football players. He said every play you stop you get a play and you run that play in football. Yeah like you don't get to go back and forth. Nah at all. Yeah that I think that's easier. Yeah that's what he saying. Joe. Shout out to average Joe. You think that's harder? I don't know bro. I see you need is coaching bro. Y'all yelling the whole game. Yeah, I'm saying we can't stop if we could stop Him run Flag run 42 Dodge.


Yeah I run Princeton if I Could stop him every time. Dog is a crazy high school player. Prince. Prince, prince. Get your ass over there. I told you to get over there. Constant. If I could stop him every play Jesus. We would never Lose. We would never Lose if I could stop my team. Every play Right here get right. We would never lose bro. That's a lot of control. I could make a defense every single time. That's a Lot of control. Oh you can never lose. I'll never lose. But with the motherfuckers we Oh yeah you got, boy I would never a lot of control man. Y'all got Airbus for real. Dad. 3, 3, 2, 2, 3. Every single time you gotta stop and take the ball out and we get to set up a defense man. You Crazy. All right. Since we here, is it easier to man or zone two, three zone?


Is it easier? It depend on what team, what your team is set Up like. It is easy. It is easy to play man. We Ain't gotta speak on y'all players but what the team y'all got now? Oh Shit, I ain't even thought about it. Yeah I, we cover a Lot of ground bro. But it's easy to play man to man than Play Zone. 'cause you still gotta have man to man principles in the zone. Mm, true. Okay you we gotta ask some football players at Zone. Got some thinkers in the zone bro. Okay. Know where they supposed to. We can move on though. Dj. My fault. We first the show for sure. Keun Cho in the super chat says, do you feel Giannis too? And why's a long shot? We need a line That can all five Guard and would you trade my kill for a dynamic guard?


I don't think that you need Giannis and Jalen bruss together. I, I don't know how that works at all. That's not a good recipe. I enlarged Dame and Giannis and this is just my point of view. I don't know nothing obviously y'all say I take, I say wild takes but Dame don't look at the same Dame even before the injury. He didn't look the same. You said at the beginning of the year. Yeah. Yeah. With Giannis. Yeah. Dynamic scoring guards do not play well with Giannis. Yeah. It's just not 'cause Giannis is a point forward. He needs the ball. You have to be a literally a two guard, a shooting guard to play with Giannis and Dy and Brunton is a dynamic scoring guard. You think Kyrie could play with Giannis?


Kyrie can play with anybody 'cause he played with bro. But LeBron's such a willing passer and like Brian is a unselfish superstar. He's selfish in a way but he's so unselfish when he know you talented enough that he'll let you get your shit off. Like he'll let you go crazy. Yeah. Giannis is not as talented as bro when it comes to as far as basketball, like Savon like letting people do they thing. Giannis is like gimme the ball. I can take over the game. I can do it myself almost. Oh I got a couple players that can hoop. Alright, I'll run a pick and roll with him but whatever like I'm trying to kill. Yeah. He only know one Giannis got more of a Kobe Bryant mentality. Like I can do this by myself kind of thing.


But then realize like I need help later. Like I need some people. So he can't play with nothing but role players. He plays his best with people that play role players roles. The vast Majority. Yeah. So like Chris Middleton, he was strictly a scorer like, You know what I mean? Yeah. They gonna put Chris in pick and roll. Chris trying to get his shit off. He ain't worrying about what Gianni's talking about. He gonna get it. Drew Holiday, the point guard, he was a role player essentially. You know what I mean? Seen a name with him, probably scared a lot of guards around the league. Like hell nah I ain't going to that shit. Fuck that. Yeah. After he like this, Fuck that. Anything that he did, dam Rome dame still average 25. I'm saying that's Just how Giannis played. But I'm saying you just saying like, and not calling Dame Buck is empty. But you saying he don't look the same Because he was such a polarizing player like Portland.


It was, it was in Portland was built around Dame. Yeah. So when you went there you knew this pick and roll about to be crazy with Dame. All the players trying to get Dame open, they doing things but Dame was an unselfish player so CJ was still able to kill. Nerc looked better, all them dudes looked better. But now when Dame not being a focal point in his focal point is Giannis. Giannis didn't know how to make Dame the guy even though he said it like this Dame team. Yeah. Never looked like that. You know what I mean? Even when we used to play them, there would be times when y'all used to come out the game and Dame would get cooking looking like Portland Dame and then y'all just come back in the game all stops. Yeah. So I think Kyrie Cook 'cause Kyrie just a, just that type of a player would work but just about anybody else's ugly.


Now the Mikhail Bre situation is very interesting because You know he's pretty much due for a payday soon. Could you move him for a dynamic guard? Sure. But you gave up a lot to get him. So if you move him it is gotta be worthwhile. Obviously you ain't gonna get the picks back but boy you better get some worthwhile. Who's a dynamic guard that you would want though that because you got Jaylen Brunson like, I hate to sound like this but the only people that they really need and can get that make sense for that team are all on Boston. Derrick White makes sense. He can play vocal guard positions. He can free up room for Jalen Brunson and then Drew Holiday. He can play Bo Guard positions. He can guard he think Derrick White Boy Shit and he'll free up stuff for them. But I don't think Boston about to trade. Oh no.


Either one of them to New York. Fuck No. Beat Us in. Hell No. I seen some, some rumors obviously here by reaching right now. Possibility of sending a KA and Mikhail Bridges to Phoenix. A couple three team deals for Kevin Durant and then they freed up some space to kind of into the roster. That's raw. I hate it. I do, I like it. I like it for Phoenix but I don't like it for the Knicks. Yeah I I love kd but KD is he 36? Yeah. 'cause his age dude. Yeah it's a bad deal for sure. He still gonna go kill but yeah he gonna go kill Them two together playing. I think they'll rock. I think they'll be cool But I think the Knicks is probably looking like, all right we got one more year of this but if not we gotta go off this cat deal. I don't know bro.


I You just got it. I just, I say rock out. You Just made the East accomplish final. Yeah, I, that's what I'm saying. I agree. I just rock out us a championship bro. That's how they feel basically. That's Basically what they saying. So you, you think they a better team with Jalen Bronson, OG NanoVi, Kevin Durant, Josh Hart and Mitchell Robinson? No, I don't think so. I don't, Me personally, I just like, I would just want say I don't don't think I ain't gonna lie when I thought about it in my head I like it. I It's just less. Less is Matt, less is more bro. He's cold and capable. Less is more bro. I like it 'cause you can't win only you have to be such a skilled center to win now you have to be yoic, you gotta be able to get everybody involved.


You cannot throw the ball to your center and them take you to the finals no more. And Kat is not dynamic enough. Shoot too many threes now. Yeah Kat not dynamic enough to be like a playmaker out the post or whatever or a top key Cat get accidental assist bro. For sure that's not his swag. Catch a lot of slander now bro. I fuck with no ka. I speak high of Ka. I'm just saying he is catching slander Right now. No, No but he doesn't deserve it just 'cause of what his game is Bro. But y'all know Kat, You know I think Kat one of the coach players. Yeah I told him he was one of the coach players I ever played with but I'm saying as far as a team, like the way Kat play, even though he can stretch the four shoot threes. Yeah but post. But when you get to that point in the season everything it like everything You know you get scrutinized it's only one game a day.


Yeah. So all eyes are on you. So when you terrible in a pick and row situation, people looking like put Ms. Robinson in, he can guard the pick and roll. They don't care about KA buckets no more. They starting to talk about the pick and row. Yeah Kat Green pick and rows right now it's his defense That start calling him a two guard. I'm like hey man I watch Kat give us 20 and a quarter and win the game. But that's what happened when you get to this point. That's why Tibs start getting scrutinized when it's seven games going on a day. We don't really care locked but everybody watching like Rick Carlisle, I coach Tibs. Tibs didn't make no adjustments. Steve's don't 'cause everybody you're all eyes on you. Yeah, damn. But I'm not mad if Kevin Durant, Jalen Brunson OG bro.


Josh Hart and Jalen Brunson with Mitchell Rap. I ain't mad at it. It's a good team bro. I mean of course it's a good team C Mike kill Bridges back to Phoenix. Phoenix has got a good, they got a good start but You know the one person who holds the key to making all that all happen Bradley. Bradley Bill baby. What he he can still be there though. Fuck Y Bridges and Cat ain't bad. That's a cool trio. Yeah that's a nice trio. Like y'all damn near raw bro. Y'all back really? All all of 'em. They can afford a max deal from Devin, Booker, Bradley, bill and Kat. We have to get rid of Brad Bill. I thought they was wiping Brad. Yeah we we gonna see but You know that's the key. Hey if you trading Brad Bill, he ready to talk to Brad first. Understand Brad.


Brad if you don't wanna make it happen bro, fuck yeah That is a great feeling. I know that is a great feeling bro. He all the cold. I love the fact that he was coming outta the press conference. Hey they ain't talked to me yet so ain't no trade that was fire me. Yeah. Yeah that has to be a wonderful feeling bro. Oh for sure man. Get welcome to the Phoenix nuns. Alright man. Christopher, excuse me, Christopher Smith in a super chat said moot if you could replace a guard on any Kentucky team besides yours, what team would it have been? Shit one of the sad ones. So I would get my shit off You about to be out there with Archie Goodwin now? Yeah, that team for sure. Ah man I was shot 20 shots a game. Who was on that team Was Julia May Ry Har, that's What's on that team.


Yep. Yeah he got hurt. Yep I done shot 20 times. Yeah they was weed. Yep. Yeah, yeah was yeah they was pretty terrible. Alright. Donald Goon again t what was like playing against Tony Parker? They say he was one of the fastest guards also My boy beat him more like Ron Simmons. Damn, I don't know who that is bro. Wrestler Faru. Oh that's my guy. Yeah I remember him. We were outta the nation. Nah, Tony Parker was cold man. He was probably, he was the best layup finisher I ever seen as a point guard. Like he used to shoot like 60% from Layups dog. It was crazy. He never missed layups bro. He really wasn't a jump shooter. He was quick. He had an unbelievable spin move but he never missed layups and floaters.


It's crazy. No I ain't gonna hold you that spin move to float was automatic. Yeah. Yeah. Who a better finisher? Him or Kyrie? Tony Parker Kyrie's shit is just beautiful. Tony Parker did Not miss, he never missed bro. It don't matter What it look like go in because the thing is Kyrie Irving, when we say finishing I'm talking about straight layups before people start going crazy. Yeah. Straight layups. Tony Parker never miss layups. Kyrie is a better player obviously, but he shooting Midranges and all that stuff when it comes to straight floaters and layups. Tony Parker was the best in the league bro. Like for years he was leading the league in percentage around the rim. He was fucking six foot. It's crazy bro.


And that's one of the secrets to that team that people don't realize if your point guard is finishing at a rate a sender does and you got Tim Duncan on your roster. Yeah that's tough bro. That's crazy bro. He was unbelievable around the around. Nah for sure. Shout out to Freaky TP on the Elli. Alright man. I-N-T-L-K-T the real tp. He's the sniper in the club. Out the club. Bad timing for Busta to drop that. Thank you. Nicks track. Yeah. Fuck outta here Busta Bus. We don't wanna hear that shit. Johnny Good Times said what's higher Teas Vert B. He Cholesterol or DJ's big. Hey fuck you. Hey Johnny. Good times Better find a picture of you brother. It's funny. Yeah. Get Don they ass. Yeah we better not find when I start crash I start crashing out.


Everybody think I'm crazy. Go ahead. Crash out be here. Nah, I've done enough on this show. Yeah, we need you for the video chat. My boy got some jokes for you. Theodore Gaines said any predictions for money in the bank, Teague? Mm nah, I don't got none yet. I'm I'm gonna tap in a little closer to, I ain't, I ain't get a chance to watch raw this week so that's my bad. I'm gonna watch it tonight though for sure. But I'll give you some ideas I am excited for but for some reason I wanna see the Becky Lynch match. This is a random match. I don't know, I think they got a cool little rivalry going right now. I kind of wanna see that so and we miss it. Super man RL man. Yeah. Dang that sucks man. Man I can't believe that he let my boy our truth go.


I'm still hurt about that. Damn. That sucks. You welcome on man. Tony Reyes in the super chat says to to me and my boy Carlito damn Carlito go. Yeah damn that sucks. He been around for a while to me. That's why the Dame Trey was bad from my point of view. It should have been CJ and Simons who would've been Trey to Milwaukee and Dame to sack by IDK CJ and Fra Simons probably would've worked in Milwaukee. They would've, we would've had that, that six minute off the bench for sure. But hey man, You know what it is, Giannis ain't gonna pass that ball. So no matter who on that team, Donald Goon again, I'm also throwing MMA as one of the toughest sports I've fought with amateurs. The weight cutting training camps issues hard. Yeah, they are fighters.


Yeah. Yeah, they, I'm not doing no fighting bro. Boxers and MMA, they got it bro. I don't even call, I know it's a sport I don't even call like I don't include them as when I talk sports. Y'all are gladiators. Yeah. Y'all are something different. Like I, you gotta have a whole different mindset to compete in that. Like y'all are the toughest people in the world. I'm not rolling, I'm not doing that. Nah. Shouts to the fighters. Alright, Sheldon Francis said Is there a Henny stain on that miles jersey? Nah, it is a real, it is a real jersey but it's game warm bro. I had dumped a, what you call that Gatorade on Yeah, I had dumped a orange Gatorade on him 'cause he had hit, we played Dallas that first game.


We thought Miles was about to be like, oh Yeah, I remember I text you. Yeah, miles was supposed to be well Miles you cold but that first game y'all play. I said damn. He really the one. Yeah I remember. Damn I remember that. That's from that. Yeah. That's crazy Man. Season start off with so much promise. Got real jersey. That's official Jersey. Yeah, I fuck with it. I ain't even seen that stain on that Book. Dumped on Be Here said look No I just didn't know. I dumped it on and I said hey man, lemme get that jersey man. After that man you about to be a, You know you be a hall of famer one day show man. Shout out to Miles Cerner. So we all made mistakes, right?


But on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans degree. Whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back that OG cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Some stands for so others might eat. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC


'cause the 2025 NBA plows get more exciting actually yes because this year thanks to dash pass members only deal when they swoosh you score specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more you your promo code. Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score sign for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway Now through June 26. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like General Mills, cereal, Chobani, Greek yogurt, Pillsbury Crescent rolls, cinnamon rolls and biscuits, Haagen-Dazs ice cream, Lindor chocolate truffles, Tillamook ice cream and cove probiotic sodas. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Alright, dial Smith in the super chat said football have eline packages that they have to learn and the linebackers have to learn to go sack the QB all line have to learn to block the BL coming from the corner and linebackers while blocking the line. You making my point? They have to do their job. Come on man. Shout to the trenches and last with certainly lot leads in the super chat. Pedro's th throats. Jeff you on my top five? I ain't even talked like a a Mexican kid. He working taco. I don't think that's funny. I Funny ain't say that like that. I don't think it's, don't think it's funny. Jeff you're on my top five. Let haw list at three.


Thank y'all fell for getting me through my work with Alessia every day at work and people don't give Marcus his credit, bro was cold. Shout to you. I like you Pedro. Shout out to Pedro. I like you brother. He said at three though at the list. We gotta see who the other two ahead of you in there. It was probably Mookie, Blaylock and Trey Young. Okay, I I respect the list. Yeah, Mookie was cold for sure. Appreciate you there. Alright man, let's move on down a little bit. We talked about the Knicks for a second man, let's go and talk about OKC. Their road to the finals first round. Obviously they put belt to ass against the Grizzlies. Ja was out for majority of that so we ain't gonna linger there much. Do we think it could have been a better series with Ja there? Obviously I still think they was gonna take care of business for sure but let's get to that second round.


Matchup for sure about OKC man. Yeah the Grizzlies had a tough hand. They everybody getting hurt, coach getting fired. They had a lot of shit going on. But this OKC Denver series obviously went to seven. A lot of people feel like if You know NPJ or wasn't hurt or maybe some of the role players in Denver, they coulda got this serious. Do y'all feel that way? Was this their first real test so far? The postseason? Yeah but going seven it coulda went either way. I think that's where home court played a big role in this. 'cause obviously OKC played way better at home but they would, Denver had injuries. I don't know if NPJ would've really made a difference. Yeah I mean obviously we gonna say he would've 'cause it.


We think he's a good player but I think it was just OKC year. I think they had an opportunity to rewrite they wrong from the year before. Mm. And I think they were just prepared. They were a year better. SGA wasn't playing at MVP level. I think it was just they time. I don't care if NM PJ was ready or not. Okay. No B here. You know what I'm saying? You had a little bit worried about the series but you were still rocking with your squad. Yeah. Did you see anything else that made you feel confident in your team going forward? We just about to beat the shit outta patience bro. I don't wanna dive too far into it man. KC in five baby. It's, it's simple and plain man. Y'all had a good year but the role has came to it. Every time you say that your Team lose We how you tell somebody had a cookie eat every time it your turn to it wasn't your turn to talk.


You asked me a question. I'm I'm not saying bro. Every time you say that bro. Damn we started we need timers nigga tap. Hey y'all seen it NBA clip with SHA got as hell Charles barking for talking to ho two minutes And he lost it on. Wow. Shot clock violations In The Morning will be hilarious. But to counter you be here I can say that was the best set. I had this postseason and they was a limited team. I mean Joker was the best player in the world but they didn't look at the Nugget team before. It ain't our fault Respect you players who's in front of you. Yeah I don't wanna hear that. Especially from you two niggas. Oh You know how I feel. So please I don't care if you got bandaid or a walking boot, you get on this court, bust your ass.


I don't care. Trying to kill your ass. Yeah, make it easier for me for sure with the Nuggets while we hear it. Is there anything they need to do in the off season? What they gotta do to help joker out? Man they gotta make Get NPJ together. Okay. He gotta get some rehab in. Yeah, I don't know what he doing. Aren Gordon was hurt towards the end as well. He, he was playing with a hurt hamstring. That's tough to play. Yeah, I, I don't know for real. I like they team I just don't like MPJ on they roster. Good. He smoked that series for them bro. He was hurt. He was hurt though. He was hurt though. He played too long though bro. That's the coachs fault he was playing 30 minutes night y'all. That's the, I get it. He heard that's a lot of minutes be playing and I hurt Bro. They had an interim in there. He was just trying to get it out the mud.


I love to see him get Cam Johnson outta the Brooklyn. Mm. They had him today Roster. I don't know if that's Trey MPJ or whatever it is. I mean but he struggled with injuries too but if he, if he could stay healthy I think he'd be a good addition for them. Another guy could knock down a shot move well without the ball and can guard. Yeah. Yeah Because they got a decent team bro. They don't need to blow it Up. I don't know if they gonna run it back with Russ or not. I mean Russ had a good year for them but if they don't run it back with Russ, they gotta find another backup playmaker. Hmm. That might be hard to do. Yeah, so that's where they gotta look into that. So that price point. Yeah. Oh that price point. It's impossible to find to get, he gave that team for a veteran's minimum but like Think you ain ain't wrong though.


I think Russ is good but like a Ty Russ. If Russ goes back there that's perfectly fine with me but I don't know if he might wanna move on. I don't know what the situation was over there. Yeah but Tus Jones would be cool. Yeah he even if they brung like Monte Morris back, I don't know how healthy he is but You know somebody that was familiar with how they played. Yeah but they gotta get another ball handler that could make some plays for sure. Shout out to the Nuggets. Alright man back in the super chat for a second. DJ said Deonte baseball is the hardest. Shannon said basketball was more skilled in that football players were more athletic. I don't disagree, I ain't mad at that. Shout to Deion said I didn't even see it but I ain't mad at that. Alright. Deion D said baseball is the hardest.


Shannon said basketball was more skilled in the football was more athletic. That's probably right. Yeah. You'll see a football player jump a 45 inch vertical. You be like shit I can dunk strongest as shit. Yeah fast. The timing in football is like that. If you were half a second behind you could give up touchdown. So ain't at that at all. All right. 2 5 1 Go said Bulls fan was hype as hell. They got you Mo. You were Jeff for some of my favorite pgs in the league. Look At that. Showing love Appreciate man 2 5 1 for sure my game. He said with Kyrie out till around January. What PG should the Mavs get that could come off the bench when he get back and where does a D rank all time Power forward. Oh I Like that question.


Point guard they can get. Obviously you need a person that know how to play backup point guard so you probably need Attis Jones. Mm. He can hold it down as a starter for a little bit. But his role he, he shines as a backup point guard. Yeah I like That. I ain't have that at all. I know they've been reaching say possibly go and get Drew. I don't know if you can afford him what you gotta give up to get him but he would definitely be perfect for that team for sure. Oh yeah and ad I think AD is definitely very high at power, power Forward ranking list for sure. In my opinion he's probably like 10, he's top 10 for sure in my opinion. Yeah he probably like 10. Damn I never thought about that But because you gotta think he not hired in Giannis.


Nope he ain hiring kg. Tim Duncan, Barkley, Carl Malone, Dirk Dirk about eight which ain't bad 'cause those are all hall Fame are great players. Ain't bad at all. Yeah it is no smut at all bro. Timmy and one Carl Malone two I'm cool with Carlone two. Is he you taking him over like Rasheed Wallace? Yeah I got him over Rasheed. Mm mm You got him over Bob Pett respectfully Elvin Hayes. You got more Chris Weber? I gotta go over Chris Weber but Chris Weber's one of the most underrated passports. See Webb Code but he oversee Webb. Okay I'm just Al and Kevin McHale you got more That looks getting spooky.


Yeah, Chris Boxer 13 Got you got him over Pal? Yep. Okay. Hey that's my nigga right too. Look at his picture. That's Michael Irvin of the NBA right there. Yeah I love D there I guess ad probably like seven eight now. Seven Eight. That's a, I never thought that Draymond 15 over Chris Weber. That's disrespectful. Pure disrespect. You know what Draymond gonna tell y'all though? I got four. Nah I love Dre Dre Dre the homie Chris Weber is insane bro. Yeah bro we gotta draw. Nah we yeah we, we we wildling You ain't going you said we gotta draw off. I love Draymond. I love Draymond. For real, for real. He is so important to that team. Probably the most important piece to them. Championship teams but skill for skill.


Nah they need, they need Dre Mond. Nah, I ain't say they if they, the most important piece damn near bro is Steph Curry bro. Step Steph K's the best player. He'll be the most important piece on any team player. That's, that's the, that's Draymond's the best glue guy ever. But not in his shit. He's the best glue guy ever bro. Respect but step man come on bro. Steph, I mean not Steph Curry, Chris, whoever was like damn near the number one picker some shit bro. Like for a reason bro. Like I don't think niggas wanna hoop like Draymond bro. That's that's wonderful. Could you Put Chris Rip on that on scene Chris but his passing iq he would be crazy than that. What I'm saying though, like Skill was skilled to have Draymond over him is that's wild for bro. Shouts to C dub.


Alright And Brady in the super chat said Wolves, Trey, Rudy Mano and Miller plus picks for kd. Ty on Capella keep Aunt Nas Randall and Jayden Lee basing defense and real finals potential. Well y'all like what team in the world do you need? Clin, Capella, NAS, Reed and Randall. Respectfully that is going to be a problem in trading if you got five power for Refugees, Call him niggas the foodies. I'm just trying to figure out you think they about trade? Who is Miller? He did that on 2K bro. Niggas He might be a player off the bench. I wasn't going too deep into it but Name like Re Yeah bro.


Move around bro. He trying to make them salaries match my boy deep in them trenches on the real TM site bro. I respect it. Yeah that ain't He got a nigga named Mire or the Wolves. That's my team too when we get here Leonard Miller. Oh okay. I about say Leondre. Leondre boy you got some names Leon? The smoke My squad What we doing Leondre? You named that for your daddy for sure. Leondre is for sure the NFL? Yeah most definitely. Oh man Buca the super chess says any NFL can play in the NBA. They can do what Aren Gordon do. Sit in the dunker and defend. You are lying. Yeah That's we ain't, We've heard that some times before and it's been proved wrong.


That's Outta pocket. Ziaire can put it on a jersey. It's off with nigga Figure. On my boy to death boy bro I seen, I seen him in the You sorry about my guy. Yeah. Yeah we seen him in the five 20 charity game. He got Wicked for sure. Our young Horatio in the super chat Wick guys out here Fucked saying he was saying hey AJ shooting the airbox and this nigga strong the bitch he threw that motherfucker to the concession stand. Shout to tell for whole down in Troops man aint got Wicked for sure. Our young gray show said MOOC Summer runs are coming soon. And I know you talk about this before, what's it gonna be like going against Stars like Westbrook and Durant and Oprah runs Shit Elite. Everybody leading the Summer runs but KD gets crazy.


I ain't gonna lie. Mm Y'all gotta pull upt, Rico, Hans and Hoop. Yeah Westbrook. That'll be dope bro. Somebody gonna fly to LA to hoop. I'm just saying niggas do that. I'm just saying if we out there and they run. Oh okay. I was, I would never fly to LA to play basketball. No I'm saying You know we gotta go out there so Far I did every like Vista Big three game L that flight too far. Oh Lord. Why they say he wants to go west coast? He I was on that one, he on, I was, I'm doing no West Coast. He real bro. He said I don't play away games. He's gonna leave bro. Go to the big three. I ain't going West Coast short guy let's Just ain't go Poor out flights is crazy to go play basketball. We Had a call today at three o'clock. Woo Ice Cube nigga the real LA Stumper nigga.


That's cool. Shit. I'm just saying dude go play open gym. I said If we out there bro you could pull up Tar Rico s I'm not going no open gym. Shout to that's free Shout Oji Rico Hines man At least at least big three. They send me a little cash. You said for the love of the game? Yeah a love of the game. Never flying four hours. Not for the love. Never. I was about to say something there about hey You Know what's funny, how do we become his agents for the big Three? It's really be hip. Some shit just happened organically. Ain't the word that you Experienced. They they really smothered me out. Like pause, like they like Yeah because I only, I only talked to the white people for you. Everybody else I told 'em I did it like Rich did. What's the name Brony said no he ain't going there second round my boy the fix was it.


Sure That is why you made me So shine rich ball. I I I could go to the triplets. Nah it was over with bro stacking there was two Two gangster over there bro you live a different life here for one team. That's it. Team I could play with stack of them. It was over before that bro. You had like the image for your Client? They asked me, they asked me after what's the name too and I went and saw that sad ass nigga hoop at the tryouts and shit. Bucket guy. I Talked to all the coaches. I said nah tea's not available. That's why he not here. I made him stay at the hotel. Can't speak to my client. Alright let's get back to OKC before we get outta here. So y'all think OKC had a tougher road than the Pacers to make to the No hell no.


The Pacers had to deal with a harder road. Most definitely. See I agree on me. I Agree. Yeah we had to deal with a much harder road and that's not those, it's like KC 'cause you players who's in front of you handle business. The west was a little bit wonky this year for sure but the Pacers we had to deal with some fucking murderers on the way to get to the vitals for sure. Okay, lemme ask you this then. How do the Pacers beat OKC? Hey shout to Ish Smith man. Me and my dog, we've been having some conversations man. We got the game plan ready. I think one thing that OKC has not seen this entire postseason is nobody has pressured them the entire game. Especially from a ball handler standpoint. We gonna make some of them other players make decisions the entire game and at some point somebody gonna make mistakes. They were able to beat the Nuggets that we're talking about because they had people that just weren't hitting shots or couldn't create off that the people off our team you can't really help off on.


So we gonna see how they help defense work. Yeah. Okay. My only concern about the Pacers, I agree with you with the pressure. SGA is so good at using contact and pressure to beat you. Like he let you make your mistake, you all aggressive, you bumping him, you doing all that. He knows how to counter and then he knows how to create separation or fouls. I could see Aren e Smith if he's on him in foul trouble in the first quarter. Nihar same thing. They like to bump and be super physical that plays into his hands. That's my only problem with y'all. Like I know y'all played Donovan Mitchell, y'all played all these great scores y'all had Donovan Mitchell, Jaylen Brunson.


So y'all been prepared to go against great scoring guards. So y'all, y'all battle tested in that. But y'all haven't played anyone with a constant constant pressure like him, like Donovan Mitchell was killing but he take, he take games like moments off SGA don't really take moments off. And if he do they have such other good skilled players like Jalen Williams going to go or whoever else Isaiah Joe sub been and makes some shots. They got guys who can play but y'all never seen a dose of a player like him. Like he gonna get to his spot like Donovan Mitchell shoot all threes or layups this dude play in the mid range. He not gonna be like Ant You know I'm dudes that's going settle for threes and play out there.


He gonna get where he want to go. And I'm I'm interested to see how they defend him. He's relentless and I think the one thing I think that helps in our favor is that we have Nihart and Benedict Mather not saying that they can guard him or lock him up but that team Canada, they familiar with him. I don't think how much that's gonna play. He's still gonna kill. Like we said, every good player on every team is gonna give us 40. We seen what Giannis did we see what Donvan Mitchell did We see what Jayla Brunson and Kat did. We can't stop that. It's SGA he the MVP. It's the other players we have to figure out. Alright Jayla Williams, SGA y'all gonna have to Outscore, Tyrese and Pascal. Alright now y'all role players. I know that they're solid but they gonna have to outs score our row players because we play crack head basketball just like they dude up and down. So we gonna get the possessions and like you said they gotta be disciplined man.


Chegg getting no less than 15 a night. Who? Che no less a Night. I think that Che and Paco match is very pivotal. Knee Smith will give you 30 and then seven. Well he a role player, he Ain't got two. But I'm just telling you we guaranteeing 1520 a night. But I don't think the pacer has played a team that key in on people like OKC do. Mm. Like who they gonna key in on the Pacers though? Tyrese what I'm saying? They gonna make Tyrese, Halliburton be him like you gonna have to be him or Pa like they're not gonna let Pascal play. Like Pascal gonna catch that ball. They gonna load up. Y'all gonna need a moment from miles from what it sound like. Yeah. Now this is one thing I'm happy about too is I seen Isaiah Hartstein last year with the Knicks.


He could not keep up with that pace's fine. That's one thing thing that's gonna play in our favor but that's the beautiful thing and I'm I agree that's the beautiful thing about them. They put Caruso on sinners. Yeah. So Miles Turner might be eliminated out of this game because all the pick and rolls are dead. 'cause when Caruso sub in he just gonna switch on the Tyrese trap. Yeah. And Che is gonna be in the corner with whoever it is and he gonna rotate over. They do a great job of switching, scrambling the little guys out. Yeah they do a wonderful job at that. I mean shit he was guarding fucking Yoic like they do a great job at. They gotta Worry about Lou do big ass. Okay see he dangerous as Hell bro. They got a hell of a team bro.


But this is the first time I feel like the Pacers have seen a team and vice versa. OKC. The first time they seen a team that mirror each other. It is just whose style is gonna outweigh watch. Can this pressure college style, I'll do this pressure college style kind. But can the small guards of Indiana affect the big guards from OKC? I like that. I think Nihar has to have a phenomenal series for us to win. I think it's definitely possible for us to win. But I feel like if he get in a rhythm and he gets a scoring, 'cause like you said we have to attack SGA. That's why Minnesota started catching some rhythm too. I, I'm scared. That's the thing y'all got like if you attack SGA the thing that made Jay McDaniels and Edwards able to attack them, they 6, 5, 6 10 athletes.


True. Y'all got SGA 6 5, 6 6 most definitely y'all got small guards who are not really athletes. The only one y'all really got is a super athlete is Benedict Mather. Right. And You know Rick don't play him no way. So it doesn't even matter. So He gonna have to play though. He Has to. He has to play. I he's the only one that can literally attack unless y'all know y'all gonna do the Pascal shit if he switch on the Pascal Pascal attack. Oh yeah. But I don't see him switching on Pascal and I kind of see lou.garden Pascal. Mm Yeah I do. I hate that they got Caruso Lou dot Jalen. They got A lot of defenders bro. Yeah I see. I could see, I could see Lou Dot obviously Jalen Williams, Jay Protects the realm bro. Obviously Jalen Williams can guard Pascal too but I could see Lou Dot being on Pascal and Jalen Williams taking Hall Burton.


Yeah I could see that. I wouldn't put Jalen Williams on Pasco the whole game just because he be getting knickknacks like he draws a lot of bullshit fouls and you need him in the game. Lou do can probably afford a couple of those too. Yeah I would. I mean but obviously he all defensive team he gonna do something for sure. But it's gonna be a hell of a serious man I thinks gonna a really good basketball. It's gonna be fun to Watch. To me I think the first game, this is not no show. I just think OKC is just going to like blitz him the first game. Right. They at home confident it's, You know, not to say that the Indiana is scared to be in the finals or anything but it's a, it's a different, You know it's a different thing. Yeah. And I just think being at home that first game, your momentum, your crowd gonna be so crazy they probably gonna get the first one but Indiana gonna get used to it and the second game will be a lot better game my day.


I think they both Gonna win they first home game. Yeah. I'm going on a hot take here. I am happy that we are not at home because if we were at home and lose game one that probably could kick our confidence down. I feel like we can go get game one but I feel very confident we go get game one OKC from playing in the finals. Like not playing but being I did play in the first game. Yeah. When you play in the finals playing in the finals the first game, the crowd, the energy be so different And we was on the road, we was in Phoenix. Yeah. And like you can look and you like oh shit, like this is different. You know what I mean? This is all right Right. We just played the east conference finals in Atlanta. Nah this shit is different. Like everything mattered. The crowd every second, every shot like when you miss you feel the miss like fuck.


Like They was kind of team though. They they win them sneaky games. They Ain't no they do win bro. They do but that's what I'm saying. They playing a team who also win those kind of little weird games. Like when OKC was down big in Denver, we like I turned it off thought they lost, they come back, they win the game in Memphis. Yeah. So I'm saying they mirroring each other but that first game at home, it is gonna be so loud on OKC. Yeah It is OKC be that's a college like stadium bro. They be rocking In that thing. But if the Pacers can still game one. Yeah if they do the Pacers can win the series. Oh Yeah. If they get game one, If they can win game one, that's, that's big. But if OKC blow 'em out game one it it might get That's a mad tone to be said.


It might get spook blew out Bro. Yeah, nah. Might scare 'em a little bit bro. Gonna Scare 'em like they did the timber wools timber rules got to a point where they was like man we can't beat them. Yeah. Yeah they put a belt to ass in for show good analysis. We'll talk more about that tomorrow on the official game day for show RQ Harper the super test says who do y'all think will be the best fit at center for the Lakers? They should go to Brooklyn and get one of role players. Nick Claxton. They need to go spend a bag with Mitchell Robinson. I like that. It yeah. Mm. I like that. Yeah. Go take me from the Knicks man. Get a Defender And a a live threat defender. Offensive rebounder. Who do you send over there?


They got a lot of people there Mr. Robinson. Damn there up for a deal. Yeah I Think you got one more year. More year. Yeah but you can trade for him. Shit. Trade for him man. I don't know but go get Mitchell Robinson. I know the Nicks probably won't let him go but that's who they need. Him and Luca pick a role they don't need Nick Claxton. You don't think so? I like Nick. He use him. Yeah of course. But he like a small center. He like Jackson and I'm not gonna say he Jackson Hayes like but similar but he can guard. He can guard. He was what the candidate for Player of year at one point. Yep. Two years ago. But You know what I'm saying, it was been real shaky in Brooklyn. But shout to Lakers with me. Y'all get everybody off. Y'all probably get Superstar Center. Who knows. Fuck it. Alright. WNBA yesterday shouts to the fever for taking care of business against the miss yesterday 85 to 76.


Shout to Kelsey Mitchell held it down 24 N three Young Kiki for Washington Rookie of the year candidate. She had 20 and nine and Britney Sykes had 26 N four. The links remain undefeated against the Mercury. 88 to 65 belts her ass for sure. Shout to Chatto Ali. Damn you as she been hooping 15 and eight. Come on N FEA Collier 1811 in five. Kayla McBride. 13 to seven. Shout to Notre Dame. Y'all the storm took care of the wings yesterday. 83 to 77 Gabby Williams had 18 and four. The wings are Bud Say that other name. NK. Yeah. Yeah don't play with me. I'm locked in Deja car had 22 and eight as well.


But yeah the the Wings will get no one pick as well. They will have Juju and Paige Beckers 'cause boy they are ass man. Frederique man that's gonna be fired. Future mt leave. It's nasty work for sure.


So we all made mistakes right but own it up to them. It's the right thing to do but we all know degree. Cool Rush is deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans degree's. Whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC


'cause the 2025 NBA plows get more exciting actually yes because this year thanks to dash pass members only deal when they swoosh you score specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use a promo called Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score. It's time for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one. Valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway now through June 26. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Starbucks, ground coffee, red Bull energy drinks, spam, classic planet oat milk, Charmin bath tissue, Totino's pizza rolls and Frito-Lay chips. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Alright, one more time in the super chat where we get to MLB. Do Smith again say KC sweep the Pacers. Anything Pacers can do. OKC does better. OKC checks all the boxes comparing the matchup. KC better star offense defense do Smith. That's cool. I'm not gonna say they gonna see we're gonna, we're gonna revisit this. Please screenshot this, we'll revisit this in two weeks. Its something we don't have no chance. It's something about the, it's something about like it look crazy. Nah being for real. Something about the Pacers bro. They just got like this, this unit. I mean KC got the same unity and this connection but for some reason them little fucking Pacers like they know what the, they get. They got a good energy bro. And like hey dude I got my miles jersey up there. I'm from Napp so I'm rooting for the Pacers.


I just want a good series. I hope the Pacers win. It'd be great for the city. Ooh it's gonna go up. Come on man. Listen I've been critical of Rick all year. It's gonna be lit. Lit. He been adapting man. That coach would make a difference. He been like we said last series but when he took out miles and put in OB we went in small. I don't know how it's gonna work against KC but he been making adjustments to make it work. So yeah we got a chance for show man. MOB scores the Rockies. Oh my god. Snap a 22 game born though. Three to two serious. Excuse me to the ball. 22 is crazy. Y'all had, they had a 22 game. I mean 22 series losing streak. They've been beating your ass for years. Happy I got y'all. Get back. That is nasty work. That's crazy bro.


They should be hype right now bro. But there was at one point, I remember the Pacers lost in Atlanta for like six or seven years in a row. Like yeah I was wild. Shout to y'all. Shout out to the Rockies doing something positive. We had that in San Antonio though. It was like a 21 year drought that we won in San Antonio. That's like we go there, we know for a fact we Finn to lose. Yeah bro. I we go tonight. I'm brought, I thought I hit the game winner be over Kawa. I thought I hit the game winner. Everybody was hype. Tim Duck backboard shopping with the game. We was all like it ain't meant to be bro. We just not meant to win here. For sure man. Shout out to the Rock. He doing something positive for once. Astro shout out to Pirates. Three to zero Cubs took care of business against the nationals.


Eight to three man Yankees defeat the guardians. Three to two the Phillies beat the blue Jays belt to ass. Eight to three angels defeat the Red Sox. Four to three The red took care of the brewers. Four to 2D backs. Yeah we back in there eight to three gets a braids belt to ass against Tee team. Yeah, the Ray took care of the Rangers five to one. The White Sox being positive as well. Belt to ass against the Tigers. Eight to one. Shout out to him. The Royals took care of the Carlos. 10 to seven and excuse me, last but certainly not least the Royal took care of the Mariners five to one. Nevermind the page keeps going. The Padres defeat the Giants. Three to two twins put belt to ass against the athletics. 10 to three. Mook, you, you supposed to put the bet on that man that was about to be easy Money for sure. Real. And then the Dodgers took care of the Mel.


Six to five. Alright. Enhanced games. Alright, what we got here man. Enhanced games. Olympic type international sporting event. Which athletes are curse to use performance enhanced drugs during our type of league. Athletes are giving $1 million. They're able to break world records. Let's see the clip. That's, this is our type of league bro. Look at this swimmer bro. He Jack what? Man, boy bro. He od big pulls like what? He's about to die. Why do you need to be that big a swim bro? I kind of mess you up a little bit when you swimming. Yeah bro. Michael Phelps has never been like Brock Lesner that nigga throwing the water out of the pool. Shit.


Hey we gotta tap into this one. So they encouraged to break world records and if you do you get a million dollars and you can be on the juice. That's fire. Well they happy 'cause they like yeah you gonna break the record but we never have to pay you 'cause you gonna die gonna die. But like how many people, what? Like how many people participate in this? The future of sports is here. Yeah. Oh this is crazy. This is real For M though. That ain't bad. It's In Vegas. Of course it is. Ain't bad at show. So would you, especially what y'all do give a Lot of people hope a lot of al bunnies. Give Them hope. See hey what, what sports is they? Yeah, what sports are they playing? Is it just women? Oh we gotta do our research about this. Yeah we gotta tap in. Yeah we need some Those the co-founders right there. Oh, athletics aqua.


Okay. So just world records. I'm assuming strength. So it just, it's really gonna be all track and field events and you see all the flags next to those people there. Not American. It's gonna be Olympic events. Yeah. Wow. Hundred meters. A hundred meters. Dang strength. Imagine if they did that in basketball. Hey we're, we're all, we're old girl. Like she better get back on Marion Jones. Marion Jones. She she very tappy the real hands game. Yeah When she was on that shit. Yeah. I thought it was just the cane. I didn't put everybody on the game. No, I thought that's what she was. I thought who else got caught? Who got what happened?


Dude that blew everybody out. What his name? Ben Johnson. Man. Ben Johnson. Boy you would've been a fool. It was another one too. He be called Lewis so bad. He'd be called Lewis by about 15 states. They said something ain't right. The boy juicing man Ain't No fuck Carl Boy ran so fast. He ain't nowhere to slow down. It said something ain't right bro. We gotta get this out. This, this ain't, I don't know about this one y'all. We playing a lot but this is some serious shit. A hundred locked in the hurdles. Snatch, clean and jerk. You have to be falling out bro. Would this be on DraftKings because I would love to bet on this. I'm, I'm rolling with This. Oh what's the boy that we was talking about that had cancer? Lance.


Lance. He was on That shit. Nah, they don't got bike on here. Oh they got swimming. He On that shit. They got swimming track and field events. Weight lifting. I'm tapped in. Put this on S me in the O show. I need to watch all these events. Facts. First of all, can we do they Drugs? I wanna see do they do the Roy's own? Like on live I Wanna see Prematch. Yeah, if I see the nigga with a needle, I'm turning off hit him right before he goes there. He gonna turn the nigga Tyson Gaye. He got Tyson. Tyson Def got caught for sure. Oh Tyson Gate tap in. I know you can still run. Yeah. Hey a Rob was out there doping like a motherfucker lying. Hell no. Aro got a great rebrand.


Shout to a Rob. He came my owner boy you walk around teaching baseball like a motherfucker. He got a permanent 10 too. Yeah, that's Rodriguez has been orange for the last five years bro. Perfect. Br bro. Shout out to Alex Re for sure man. Dang that's crazy. Yo, that's a dangerous, that's dangerous 'cause people, some people might not know when to stop. You know you get to take some shit. You get to liking it. Especially it make you feel a little tingling bro. Great. You gonna look out my garbage. That's, That's the end result Without retire. I'll be all, I'm going to the carnival too. They gimme some things in that motherfucker. Hey his spit check is ridiculous. The chain no shirt, the glitter. His chest.


Chest is crazy. Nigga the snake in the belly button Are crazy. No, the chokers shorts. Why he got a choker Bro? Damn Capris. We didn't need to see the shoes though. I know he got some barbecue settles on. Yeah, Them dress shoes With no socks. That came Kicking niggas ass bro. Undefeated. Oh Man. Can't undefeated shout Out to my guy man. Get well soon man. Oh Jay Williams, pause of the year. Please roll this clip. What? I don't want him talking about my team ever again. What'd he say? I got you. Who George gonna be in his in his ass.


There has to be another way to describe that. Jay. I'm gonna get my boy a pass. That is fucking crazy. Jay Williams. I'm gonna get my boy a pass Door Is gonna be in his As. Who Gonna Be in my boy had that accident Be in his as The accident? He got a little Irv in Jay. Irving is crazy. Jay You get a pass from. Well I gotta get there. I gotta practice man. Come on, throw another one. Oh yeah. Get Wilson some Lil Duvall trying to throw back. Clip Charity Game Bow. Oh that was during little weekend. It was on everything. Who was that little nigga?


He was guard. Little Duvall Snatch the shit out A little. The ball. Alright, last certainly not least man anniversary 25 years ago today. Get well soon to Portland man. Mm. Come here. Come here Scotty. Ironic. Ah yeah, that's the game they cheated on, right? Damn man, Shit, that's crazy. Having to play against a nigga that big bro. It is nuts. And you just happen to have Kobe. That's crazy bro. Tyrone High five.


I've never noticed that before until now. Tyro Lu short as hell and he held us chain on each other. T Lou, you were nasty. We gotta talk about that.


We be here man. Listen man, we appreciate y y'all one time for Boost Mobile. $25 unlimited talk text data 5G. Where they at? ATT man Nationwide, You know that. Come on, tap in and be here. First three muscles. How much? $15 Bro. You know the vibes tap in with Boost Mobile. Listen, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back same time In The Morning. It's five 20 In The Morning. The volume


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? Degree Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it or in this case when I taste it. Tito's Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made an Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, it's a perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour. You should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like General Mills, cereal, Chobani, Greek yogurt, Pillsbury crescent rolls, cinnamon rolls and biscuits. Haagen-Dazs ice cream, Lindor chocolate truffles, Tillamook ice cream and Cove probiotic sodas. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in-store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


This is an iHeart podcast.