
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


The NBC nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broca. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yams is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yma. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC.


I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


The volume. Good morning, happy Tuesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a full house this morning. We got Bishop five 20, Mook Teague Lou of the building as well. Fellas. How y'all doing? What up bro? Chilling bro. Come on man. We got a couple days without NBA but they ain't gonna stop us man. We gonna break down both the teams road to the finals but first thing first man, we got the cover Mad man. I know y'all some football playing games up in here. Come on man. Sequan Barkley with the hurdle making the cover. How y'all feel about that? That's hard that that's fire. But he probably gonna be, he ain't gonna have a good season. Oh yeah, the man curse is real curse man. They put the fix in. Yeah, they done put the fix in. Damn.


He had a hell of a season last year too. The best cover though. I ain't gonna lie. That is the hardest cover ever. The fact that he did that in a real game is very disrespectful. That's literally the best cover ever. Facts. Who he jumping over Zaire? Nah, I think that's, that's old boy. Speed. Speed. So it was ej? Yeah, I think that's speed. I, the funny part about this is let's show what they thought the real cover should be. What? They wasn't, they wasn't ready. Oh they said this should be the real cover man Fool today. That is the real cover of man. There's no mad curse doing that. No, that's a real cover of madness. That boy be having a top man.


He got a great, I just wanna take my hat off to him and I don't even got one on today. I swear to God. You are a Legend. You are a boy. He lit boy, boy, boy, boy. And they was hating on dude. He showed he the workout. He showed to workouts yesterday and they was just like, why y'all mad at people y'all gotta work after for the tornado this weekend yourself? Yeah bro, I, I'm just living my life Bro. Like damn he ain't allowed to go to work. He gotta clean it up though. Nah, it was even fire. He did the video smacking, cardio getting twerk up. I said A leave video too. That is, that's up money bag throwing money on Ari. Which one you taking? I'm right there with the action Brian card. Shit. Ari was a little too far.


He had the scope on Ari couldn't Get to, that's a lead video ready to stretch cart. Yeah, I'm right there. Said he was hands on on the boat. I support it man. I cleaned up the drugs and shit though bro. But I'm rocking with the image bro. I believe in worklife balance bro. Which you do outside work bro. That none of our bitches was living on the, That's what he shoulda been playing. Hey, that's a far edit. Somebody twerking in that song. Crazy For sure. Alright man. The Phoenix Suns obviously they moving on from Bud. Man, they got two finalists here. Man. Shout to Bud, bud in the res.


They Still gotta pay Bud though, right? Most definitely. Yeah. Shout out to to bud. They they run up a bag over there in Phoenix. Yeah, they shout out to my guy though Jordan. Ah man. I hope he get the job. That's my guy man. He was with us in Atlanta. I talked to him on a regular basis man. I'm, I'm high for him. I text him yesterday man. It's pretty dope him and be a finalist but damn. I know that's one of his good friends too that he is going against. Oh yeah. Johnny Bryant. Yeah man. Some young blood in the culture ranges. We talked about it, You know what I'm saying? Some of the older coaches facing out. See some of these younger coaches coming in and get it done. Look at Mark D over there at OKC and other places. It is time for the new brains. It is just, You know how, how it goes and phases, You know it's time to get them old niggas outta here. My fault. Old people outta here.


Everything Get younger bro. It don't Get older bro. Nah, one of my old heads told me a long time ago, only thing he wanted owe was a bankroll. Mm. I didn't know how I felt about that. I was like is it, I mean it's true though. I was like hold on, like elaborate on how young you talking brother because because just saying bro was consenting age. Yeah. I was like you 25 it up. Right. Nah for sure. Don't put yourself in that position. MD in the super chat is out of pocket. Says shouts you off of waiting until June to post at Dwight hire interview. That is crazy. I meant to put that in the chat yesterday. I said damn we did open up pride month with Dwight. That was crazy.


Living on the Oh that was Malcolm. That's Malcolm burner the super chat. That's his question. Malcolm going crazy. That's Super check y. That's Malcolm a super chat Malcolm Burner. That's crazy. Everybody kept, nevermind. That's my teammate For sure. Shout out to the pick and roll on the way. No, that just shout out to the la from the court Bro. The la the la team out to the la ride the riot. Y'all niggas put me on the, I mean y'all dudes put me on the tape. Yeah, Dwight man. The fix was in for sure. The funny part they said a lot of people are moving around is off.


They said call me here and get the trace done For sure. We locked in bro. Alright, one more time. When we start the show, Donald Trump and the Super Chest said, y'all didn't say pause not one time to Dwight Howard. Yeah, Yeah. Nah, Dwight Howard. He wasn't going crazy. We just had to slow him down when he got to talk to him about Did he? Yeah, he had to slow him down. Did that make the episode? DJ Had to really back in. Yeah, We yeah. Reconsider. I I was dying. You sure on that subject? You sure Fuck it. Hey, let's stop right there. Smart man. Wanna move on in your head for sure. Alright man, let's talk about it. The Pacers rolled to the finals man. First things First, first Round took care of the Bucks fo one man.


I know it's been a while since we've been here, but first let's talk about the Bucks. We see a lot of trade speculations going on with Giannis. Obviously he wants to retool that roster. What do y'all think they can do going forward to make Giannis feel comfortable to stay in Milwaukee? Well, obviously Dame being out is is a hurdle they're gonna have to get over and it's probably gonna be a rough year next year. Can't trade 'em. You can't get, you can't get anybody in really without all that money on the books y'all gonna pay in tax and all that stuff. So I can't imagine that they'd be a good team next year. They're just gonna have to run it back like they are. They might be able to trade Brook Lopez and get something, but other than that, I don't know, maybe let Bobby Porters go and try, You know, sign and Trey him somewhere, get some young pieces and I just don't know.


I'm, I'm not a fan of Milwaukee right now. Mm. Yeah It it is quiet for him. Yeah It's in God's hands bro. This is up bro. Whatever GNI wanna do that's gonna determine their future. Moha this in God's hands. That's what You know is wig. I've been singing living on a prayer all day. Gonna be a part of there. You think Giannis is? Yeah. I was gonna ask y'all, do you Think, You know what I'm saying? Obviously with him being a seasoned vet, does he have a year to spare? 'cause next year's pretty much gonna be a spirit year realistically for him. They're not gonna have no championship aspirations. You know that's what he wanna do. They limited with rosters and money and space. I mean the fact that he got a ring, he got a year to spare. But do you really wanna waste a year? Like if you honest at this point in your life what's wasting a year?


Yeah. When you making $500 million. Yeah you gonna get some money. I'm talking about as far as basketball though, I don't after you win a championship, people like him though. They care about shit like that. Yeah he don't us, we like you got 500 million, you already won. Oh nigga I cared but him he wanna win rings. Nah, I didn't care. Nah, I mean Mo I agree with you bro. I think he do. He ready to slide 'cause he too aggressive in the media. Like I think he ready to go. You know what I mean? Fight for another one. If you was in the position, not saying you don't care about winning but you like shit, this is my city I about your title. I'm embrace everything to come with this shit. I that's a fuck bro. I'm cool. But I be thinking it's ka You know what I mean? I think it's ka when people be saying they want the titles and shit, like you want the title but you wanna win the title on your own A hundred Percent.


Yeah. You don't want the title like no I don't. I don't even like you don't give Yeah you want, yeah you don't want want Somebody else. Nah, we know what you mean. You don't want Paul George thing? Yeah. Go to five different teams trying to win a title. Yeah. Like Giannis is cool because that put a little smut on your name when you Yeah, Giannis is happy right now. Like man I want a title in Milwaukee because even KD get a little smut for that bro. Yeah k he get a lot of smut. Yeah he do. And he one the best basketball player ever. And he was the best player on that team. Yeah but still get smut bro. So it's like Gianni's gonna be going, he gonna be a hall of famer, all that stuff. But he gonna be truly loved. He truly loved all across the league but Milwaukee, he can't do no wrong. He gonna be the president statue, all that stuff. Just ride it out. It takes, he seen D Wade man y'all see D Wade, D Wade round bro.


But you see D Wade left. Yeah it wasn't right. It ain't look right wasn't right. He ain't feel right. Paul's like everything was crazy. He had to who Man, DID Wade played for shit the Bulls Cleveland, He dead Rock LeBron That was, yeah he was number nine. At least He's from Chicago. The the Cleveland she Yeah but that was more or less with the Pat Vy. 'cause remember he got him up all the time. Gave Tyler Johnson all that bread. Like that's crazy bro. Like Dua should have been the heat for life bro. Yeah but it shouldn't even been a conversation. It it shouldn't have been. But that's what I'm saying about Milwaukee like bro they gonna give you a five year billion whatever you asked for, you might as well just ride it out like what you really want out of the league. Like you wanna win you a champion then you want all the money.


Yeah and shit. You gonna get all the money. I think. I think KW Leonard was crazy when he left Toronto after winning the chip. No you would've left. Yes you won a chip. They was about to give him the world bro. He wanted to go to LA bro. Yeah he was a different Shit bro. He wanted go to the crib. He ain't want to win one at the crib. Yeah Man, KHI just such a different type of person. I can't even tap into that mentality because he was just like, I wanna work like that. I want to go do what I want to. But you in San Antonio. Yeah Bro. Living in San Gianni's Journey different bro. I, I started here. I'm just saying bro, you win to chip and leave. It's crazy. My bro live in San Diego bro. He don't even live in la. He commute to work still lives soon as you get off work. You live in San Diego? He's a commuter in the NBA bro.


That's crazy. Not living in the city. You play it and the league gets fired. Apartment, downtown house and the city. Yeah he just living different bro. Yeah like shout out to him to be able to do whatever you want. I love that. But I would've stayed in Toronto as soon as we went. I stayed in Toronto and asked for, I would've took you remember all that stuff. They was gonna give him everything. I would've took everything and then said I need five years the max and if, if y'all don't resign me after this five years, I'm gonna tell everybody we did illegal stuff but y y'all had to do. I'm gun to your head. I was expecting that. I was saying I agree because his past, his last few years ain't been shit for real Like everything age.


So he Would've cool, Give him everything he just said all of it. They said free rent, that extra money. Like I need to be here for the rest of my life because they never want, I'm living in a different country anyway. Yeah but y'all know he don't care bro. He was driving a 2000 suburban bro. That bro, that was shame. Yeah. I hate how they just show that one suburban. Like he didn't have like he didn't have eight cars. That was his sentimental value bro. Yeah. My first car just kept him but he got 12 other cars. Silly shits too. Driving to practice and that's crazy bro. Yeah, he just a different person though y'all. That's a, that's An anomaly for sure You got, that's not a good person. So no disrespect but playing example, playing in Toronto is a tough like plant. It's tough. It is And it is not because the city ain't great or the fans not great.


Another country, you in another country and the taxes are highest as shit. That's what I was gonna say. It, it damn near the highest in the league. Almost like it might be the highest you get damn near double tax. Like I would never, I won 41 games. That sucks. Yeah, if y'all, if y'all win in Utah, are y'all gonna stay? Fuck no man. That's tough right there. Oh you, You know what? I've been Watching five year three 50 at Least to Rob I've been watching. Yeah. Yes I've been watching that one show. What? Where the dude got like eight wis back in next Don't have, if I was, If I was a youngster, I'm asking basketball If I was a youngster on a five year 30 350 million. No I 28.


You 28, 3 50. I'm living by yo boy be a yo boy. My house. This shit silly off the million got hella he'll. Three 50 million. It don't matter where you live bro. You bring a party to you bro. Oh. The party will be brought. We all go live together. I don't know how close I'm gonna live to young boy, but he can be like 10, 15 minutes away. I don't, I won't live across. Yo, I If y'all think y'all finna go, we y'all lost y'all mind. I swear to God I'm clowning, clowning anywhere three 50. Yeah, I I, I'll make the box. Nothing can Stop you bro. Salt Lake, y'all gonna fall in line. They gonna make y'all fall in line. No ain box. They ain't gonna see me. Never gonna see me bro. You, you think I'm bringing Miami to Salt Lake? What you mean? Alright, five, five year 200. You staying after a chip?


Yes bro. It depends where I got other, You gotta start breaking it down. That's my max. That's your max? Yeah, I'm gonna stay where my max is. It don't matter. Okay. But if I got like bro I can get 2 25 from Indiana, I'm gonna go home. I mean that's obvious. They gimme more bread and I'd rather live somewhere else. Yeah, okay. But if I'm getting the same amount of money, like a fire 200, a fire 200 from Cleveland and Utah, I'm pro and I just want to chip in Utah. I'm gonna say with Utah. Okay. Not to skip ahead but that's an interesting point you brought up Toronto, they're being very, very aggressive this off season. Sean's got a report, we'll get to it soon talking about how the NBA might change. Especially a lot of moving pieces. But Toronto they trying to make a play man.


They got bi, they got rj, they got, You know what I'm saying? Scotty Barnes and some bread and some picks. They trying to, You know what I'm saying, lure Giannis up there. Even possibly a Jalen Brown. They trying to make some shake up there. Yeah but Giannis fit, he from a different country so like that fit. You know what I mean? Like most of the players that be successful in Toronto, they be kind of like from, I ain't gonna say that Kaw Leonard was successful. DeMar Dero was successful. Carl but AKA and them, they be from different places and they Messiah. He always recruit like foreigner players, Africans and other kind of players. Yeah he make the most out of them up there. Like I'm surprised Dennis Schroder didn't have a, he played up there didn't he? Yeah, I'm surprised he ain't stayed longer.


That's like one of his kind of guys. Yeah. Who would y'all rather see Giannis or Jalen Brown up there in Toronto? Giannis you might as well just go with the whole big pause like one through five. Everybody can dribble past shooting all seven foot. Be the first team like bi. He ain't seven foot but you got bi, Scotty Barnes. Scotty Barnes, Giannis, RJ Beard, they all six seven up. They ain't gotta get rid rid of bi. RJ gonna have to be gone though. And then they go get Lonzo. RJ actually played, he pretty good last year. Did RJ was hoop last year. Yeah they go get Lonzo, rj, bear Lonzo, Scotty Barnes. They just start this big tall lineup. Be honest I Lonzo won't stay healthy 'cause he really is one of the ones bro.


Yeah he nice. Yeah The way that he played basketball, especially the way he distributes the ball bro. Hell of a guard for sure. Lonzo is the like the hurt version of Tyrese. Hallberg I've seen, I've seen some comparisons like that. And I ain't mad him asked somebody said that. Who would y'all take? Him or his brother? His brother. I don't know bro. Who what you talking about Lalo? Lamo don't play serious winning basketball bro. Love be here. He don't, I'd never seen him play real basketball yet bro. He just would be having fun bro. You ready? See Chino Hills mo man he was playing with Lizzo. Stop playing Bro. Lizzo is, if he get in the right situation bro, he is a championship point guard. For real. I love that. He is bro. But he ain't his little brother bro.


Yeah, he's, he's better to me. That's a point guard. Not player, not a talent. Lalo more talented. But Lonzo is, he's a smarter, better player bro. Point. He's a, he's a better basketball player but he just remind me of a better, that's what I want. Honestly. He I he play like Tyrese, Halliburton. But really Lonzo like a better Caruso like he can guard. We never comparing Caruso to Lalo. Fud. If y'all, if y'all, we talking about a, somebody's about to win a chip bro, we champions Lalo never gonna win shit bro. Oh my God. Never. He's having a time in his life and I respect it. But he's not playing serious basketball bro ever. He's having fun kicking his feet on threes bro.


Throwing off the glass. He's having a good time. I ain't gonna lie bro. If you really think about Lonzo, Lonzo, he is just a better Caruso. He guard one through five. He never really been a big scorer. He hit occasional threes. He get down, transition that down bro. Solid defender. Solid defender. I think he's a much better at pass than Caruso for sure. Yes bro. I mean that's why He one of the best passers in the NBA. That's really it though that he dude like shit, he hit point Guard. Yeah, Caruso a point guard too, But not like that. Not like that. He is a, he's more like TJ Nash. Caruso is a better TJ Nash. Nah, that's the role he played for that team. But if you go look at Caruso bro, he literally do what Lonzo do. He, Lonzo was a good defender. Right. He is known for his defense.


He was better known for his defense in his passing. And he makes the occasional three like Lonzo don't go to the basket, he don't break nobody down. I see what you're saying bro. Him being so much of a better passion than him. Just the comparison. I don't see it bro. Nah, you gotta, I get what you're saying but Lonzo is, he's way better than him. Really? He really not though. Yes, he's bro. After I Seeso switch change. Oh send this postseason. I first because Caruso was on that Chicago team with them respect when he got hurt and now Caruso just got four years 80 million. Cruso played defense like a motherfucker. But Lonzo better bro. A point of up bro I need him to pass like Lonzo. Okay, Lonzo helped.


Lonzo was in LA right? Top three in the si every year. Probably Lonzo was in la. Who you think they love more in La Caruso or a Lonzo? Probably freaking Lonzo bro. Fucking wrong. The Lakers love Caruso over. They love Lonzo bro. Yeah, they're pissed. They gave him up over and kept THT I'm I'm saying this thing is could stay healthy bro. He, he would be is that's not even a conversation bro. He just keep getting hurt bro. Yes bro. I'm not bro, I'm the saying. I mean god damn we gotta draw the line somewhere. It ain't really no disrespect that it is bro. It ain't bro. Carus so nice though. Yeah he is bro. Lonzo different. God though. He just different than him. Lonzo's a a pure point girl. The Reason y'all look at it like that is 'cause Lonzo was supposed to be that like Caruso came in, he didn't have no, Lonzo was the second pick.


He had nothing but opportunity to do that. Like he's supposed to be that good. Like but he was, he's worth that bro. He, he, he's good bro. I'm not saying he not good but Caruso is Good. That's Caruso fought that he got injured. But I'm telling you like bro, You know like you, if you had both healthy at 20 years old, you going pick Lonzo Ball To start your team. You gonna have Caruso here because he, he he niggas nobody's gonna say come on Caro Bro's rock out. I'm give you the keys bro. I had to, it's not if I had to pick a team and I, and I know what I know to run your team to start off. Yes bro. Not to just plug in a piece. Obviously he more a, he really ain't more athletic than car so Nah, cruso do got that. That's really good. He really ain't more athletic than car.


So he do got bounce. I play, I play him playing time he got But look at, look at what we doing guys. No, no, no. I'm with you. Wholehearted. He strict. Come on. If he, if he was at the mock draft bro you got Lonzo Ball Alex Cruso to start your team. You're not picking Alex you This motherfucker like Michael Jordan bro. Nah, I'm not saying that. I'm saying obviously when Lonzo came out he was more appealing shit. He got picked over Jason Tatum. Y'all taking Lonzo or Jason Tatum? No. So what the fuck are we talking about? That's different though. That's a different, I'm just saying he got picked over a lot of people in that draft that that draft is so crazy 'cause Jason Tatu supposed to go number one. But I'm saying if I see's out of pocket, I'm saying saying if we see right now today if I seen Lonzo and Caro, I'm like who am gonna start my team with?


I'm not starting my team with Alex Cruso right now. Right Today. Oh today Gimme Caruso every fucking time team he Lonzo. Lonzo can't even play 10 games. Lonzo Mine bro. I'm just saying basketball with that knee. You want pick Lonzo. Caruso. He got A new one. Fuck yeah y'all crazy. Hell he still testing it out. Paul Crazy. What year is this draft? 2017 bro. Listens. Listens, revisit this draft which is crazy. Mark Kelly won. Shout out to Magic Johnson for get Lonzo Ball at two. He got pick up a D in Fox. Josh Jackson at four is tough, healthy or not. He's never been good as the Fox J too at his highest Alonzo Best. Best. I agree with that Life he never been good as the Fox.


I agree. Even in college he wasn't good as the Fox. Nah, I I give you That. He had a lot of hype with him. His pops Gased up. Nah yeah I give you that. Jonathan Isaac is sick but outta Everybody else on that list bro. Glory Marketed. Give him over Lonzo. That's my guy. Gimme Lonzo Bro. Gimme Donovan Mitchell over Lonzo. Hell yeah. That's different though. The Pacers drive. TJ Lee gimme John Collins over Lonzo. Pace Did grab Leafy. Yeah Bo we had OGA to Nobie there boat. It did not grab the Pacers. Funniest. I ain't even gonna on that because he passed it. But that TJ Lee, I don't Go back to the Derrick White pitchers. Gimme Derrick White over Lonzo. Derek White. Derrick White is a better basketball player than Lonzo Ball. I give Derrick White.


They kind of the same to me. They real, no Lonzo never. Lonzo never played as good as Derrick White. I no I take Derrick White but they play these like no no, no. Derrick White is like way up here compared to Lonzo. I'm just saying they No, no bro y'all don't look at it. Don't get Lonzo's stats bro. Derrick and I like Lon make me a bad person. White. I'm taking Derrick. Go stats Derek white RJ three, two people bullied into better hairstyles. I appreciate that. So what year? What, what lines best year? His best year? Yeah. 26. What are you average 14.6. How many?


How many is this? 5.7. Come on Man. So his best, his best point guard year with la. His best point guard year was LA 2000 thousand 18. Yeah, 10 to seven rookie. That's what they average Seven. Average one, two. I'll take 14 and six. That ain't bad at all. I'm a starting point guard. What you looking at me for? I'm giving, I'm giving that. I'm Not backing off my Alex Caruso shit I don't give a fuck. What you looking at me for? Oh we Got Alex Caruso stat please. Alex Carus. Alex Caruso never been a starter, like a full-time starter. Tear nine and three was his best year nine and three off the bench bro. Not 10 and three, 10 and three off the pond.


Bro bro Bro bro I'm giving you D Oh wait that was Yeah Derrick White is bad. That was last year's bull two Caro. And they was terrible. Was nasty. Yeah, Derrick White bro. Yeah he was hurt bro. That 10 to three here is nasty but Cruso Yeah on that, on that last year. Bull mean nasty. You got, you gotta think who let call my team with this shit. You gotta think who you playing when you playing with you get fired. You playing with you playing with he talking My team with this Shit DeMar Rose and you playing with Zach. I love Cruso bro. See I can't get you. He do the same shit for sure. Well he, he average what Lonzo averaged 10 points too. He just had more sis. He gave the ball a little more. Point guard more sis.


That's what man, that's what he said. That's all I'm saying For the super. What's your favorite word? Glue guy. Glue guy. That's what Lonzo is. Literally. I thought you was going somewhere else and you said what's your favorite word? I ain't gonna lie. Lonzo. Lonzo Disrespect Glue guy. Literally Lonzo's a glue guy. He just play. He just got a, he a better pass. He's a, he's a number two pick. That matters though. But I'm saying you're the number two pick all we understand. If you a motherfucker, you average a 10 and five is a number two but you really a bus Nigga got a nursing home body bro. I don't give a fuck. I had to save knee problems. He just decided to do all that. Yeah, he coulda got a new one. Yeah, I ain't doing all that but shout to him.


But I'm just saying he really, if you really being honest, you gonna say he damn near a bus. But if You know his place style, he never been a scorer. I'm not saying is That's why I say he Alex Caruso Jason Kid. Yeah, shit like that. That's, they not gonna score a million points. I'm not saying they are what I'm saying the super track is gonna go crazy.


Listen, the NBA finals are almost here and every play could lead up to the moment that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the DraftKings sports book and the official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that code Club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's called Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes right, but on up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and od protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing back the og. Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


There's a moment every parent remembers the day their child takes off on two wheels with guardian bikes. That moment comes as early as two years old and with less stress and frustration, these bikes are built just for kids. Lightweight frames, low center of gravity, easy to use brakes. Everything about Guardian is designed to help kids ride confidently often in just one day. No training wheels needed. And because guardian bikes are designed and assembled right here in the USA, You know they're built to last with care in every detail. Their patented sure stop braking system stops both wheels with a single lever helping your child stop safely without tripping forward or losing control. Right now save hundreds when comparing Guardian to its competitors@guardianbikes.com and get a free lock and pump when you join their newsletter. A $50 value. Visit guardian bikes.com today to save and help your child learn an essential life skill safely. Guardian bikes built for your kid and for the memories you'll never forget.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Kos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh That's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs a first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh and he stumbles Oh right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed Ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos stronger makes everything better.


Let's go through here. G DM says on my ass. Here's some ways I can get a beggar. Ask free move. Shout to GDI ain't gonna cover it either five. That five is not enough. We appreciate you Kent Folk. You gotta spell here the right way too by the way. What? The GDM let the GDS in the chat. Yeah that's some new letters. Alright, it is June. Be respectful Kobe Lewis and Super Chat said with the sons the one to ask Katie. I was about to say something of that. Why? What's the most rock she give up? Is it crazy that Katie is still stealing for Jabbar if he's given a bigger role? Yeah it is said that the sons will move on from Katie before the draft so we will see. So I imagine that that price is probably cheaper than what it was last year. But it is still Kevin.


The rent, you can't get him for pennies. But if it's a good, if it's a good price for the rockets, yeah of course they got a lot of people that they could expend for him. I ain't mad at it at all. Mm we'll see. Alright Mike Harrison Super. Chad says pay freaky Mike. The answer is no. He gets paid. Wonderful. That nigga wrote his own name. Yeah man Mike and old Super Chat Stole my name. Mike you got a V-neck T-shirt on What? A jersey. A Jersey. I say damn old school If you got V on we might need to pay you more. It was white to shine the marathon nigga Nasty work. Alright. Brandy Williams Super Chat said love the show with some serious move my hornets can make to try to make the playoffs.


Trey Lalo? Yeah Hornets. They they they down bad Actually got some good young talent around that team though. They do. I just don't know bro. They need a sprinkle in some quality vets though. Not like locker room vets like actually can play vets like Yeah like a Alex Caruso. No bullshit like route take the Detroit. Yeah listen you got some consummate professionals in there and it totally different season. K took a step up. Maybe he can do the same for the Mellow. They got some talent for sure. People just go out there and get hurt though bro. Damn. People keep getting hurt. Something wrong with New Orleans bro. Wow. For sure. For real. Give up soon to the Charlotte Hors for sure. Alright. Travis Prince said well the NSBE a better team with Buddy Hill. It said and Noby.


No I ain't here to tell you no. What are they talking about? If you make that trade 2K we'll ban you. They will not let that trade go through. He on bro. Yeah, it will soon for you brother. 2 5 1 go says Teague throwing Dwight lives the real stock in Malone. That is crazy. All right you got I That's the first. That's one I'm, I'm gonna let that one pass the next, the next motherfucker. Y'all go get I'm a torch. You were spared Roberto said shout. Shout to Fox 20 in my dog. At least you get to be Stockton not Alone. Yes, that is fair. I I definitely was Stockton.


You Whoopy Carl. No I definitely was Stockton group that shout off five 20 of my dog movement Rock with you since Kentucky dad. He and bias you the goat bro. Shout out from LA Pages at six my dog. Man. What's up boy, appreciate you Gary. Oh is he Show love man. Shout to LA's your homeboy. Big supporter of the show man. Fuck that nigga. Here we go. Alright. Shout out to him man. Nigga said support Dick. You ain't say the rest of what? Fuck being dj. Shout to Luke and be here. We just in a fuck it. Shout everybody. Dj. Nah nigga say his name.


Please don't ask me. I'd rather you not. His mama named Dur. Call him dur nasty. Molly Martin Super just says a team who got the better all time. Highlight package Vince Carter Magic or LeBron Pause. 'cause I like you put magic in there. That's crazy. Yeah Magic highlight package is insane. Pause man you gotta be real specific when you say shit like that. Say like they career highlights or something bro. You can not say highlight package bro. That ain't crazy. Is that Donald Sterling just three random niggas to have too? Yeah like put LeBron choose Vince to be safe.


Like why is Magic Johnson in a highlight real with Vince Carter? Right bro, that is nasty work bro. Vince, Vince to be safe. It's nasty work bro. You gotta clarify. That is crazy man. Why? Why did Magic Johnson, why was he in there like he wasn't a dunker. He did that on purpose man. Shout to you real purpose. He jokes like us. Okay. Yeah he tries set the play for sure. Super. Chat again. Big Z 11 said Jeff why did NBA 2K do you wrong on the 2K 15 trailer Al Jefferson violated you. Damn. Yeah bro I ain't out that's two, that's 10 years ago. I don't know why Jeff would ever be guarding out Jefferson but if you got the footage please send it please since we're here, what's the best 2K de or nine 16?


I don't who's on the cover? 16. I like 16 or 17 bro. I ain't start playing playing at the park too. I ain't start playing. 17 is far. What time I start playing 20? I ain't start playing to 2017 was a year bro. 17 or 20. Oh no I ain't start playing to 22. That's when I was cold. 20. Nah 16 is the one. Yeah I rode with 16. 16? Yeah 16 was other against the triple cover. Yeah 16 was crazy. I rock with 2K nine heavily 'cause that's when I stopped fucking NBA live ball together. But 2K nine was crazy. I don't know how the actual game was 'cause we just played in the park. Ah yeah I definitely wasn't playing this kg on the cover. I don't remember that. Damn. Damn. Yeah I might've been, nah I wasn't playing video games. Damn. For sure. Alright, I playing Madden shout out to Madden K dub and the super chat set.


Carlon are the ultimate glue guy but Alex, Izzy one of the best role players in the NBA and he been on the best contract in the league. He's definitely always been the bargain for sure. Then he over performed. For real bro. Shout out to Caruso RP show 1 1 1 9 says rank these one through three from easiest to hardest hitting a baseball. Two of the friends 2000 miles in two days of driving a car at 200 miles per hour. O hitting a baseball. It's probably the easiest thing on there. Driving a car at 200 miles per hour by second, I don't know. Tour to France bro. I'm cool. Yeah bro. 2000 miles and two days. Days is nuts bro. It's professionals trained their Whole life. They that's what was going.


Yeah I see why you had to lose one boy. All they fucking, all that motherfucking pressure on Your nigga you had a sacrifice one. He had one of the boys on the line ain't mad at you. That's Too much pressure. What you sitting though Yo? That's that's crazy. That's crazy. I'm just saying man. Damn. Thousand. I didn't know they was doing that Bro. Yeah, being in that car, that Indy car that day.


I don't wanna do that. I kill somebody bro. Two, 200 miles per hour is crazy. That's True. I think it's easier to drive On a Track, on a track like that for a human being then letting Oton throw a ball at you full speed like that. Man I respect it but get in that car How to drive cars bro. At a not that damn at a young age that fast When You damn near 15, 16 you up there? No 200 nigga. Two oh miles hour over the highway on a turn. They learning how to do this shit Connor daily bro. They said he was driving as fast when he was a kid bro. Practicing and shit told us that. So it's D Oh Tony throwing the ball nigga we grown as hell Tony throw nigga you going to get outta the way.


Yes bro. You scared as fuck. Nah, I'm gonna get out the Way. Yeah I do tour with the friends baseball then the car bro. That's my know though, That car shit I'm cool bro. I got car bro. I got large respect for race car doing Tour car baseball bro. They shit on they self during the race bro. What we doing? Yeah bro. Niggas peeing on themselves bro. You can't even, at least, at least Onic baseball I can move that car bro. Yeah I'm cool bro. But when we hit, we hit that first bid on that turn, I said nigga and my helmet did this. I said nah I'm straight by the time we go back I said bro I see the CT sitting in bro. What? Go outside. Drive your car to them bro. Yeah, hit a curve.


Hit a curve going a hundred. See that bitch don't fly. Gonna fly you all the way to Heavens be the laugh drop you have. Cool. Alright cool bro. For sure. Alright but man still in the first round Patience books. I think one thing that was dope about the series is that we had to deal with Giannis and he's one of the best players of all time and definitely right down the NBA. Hey man it prepared us so we got going forward man. Let's move on. We put belts to ass for the one we don't care about them no way. Oh yeah we, we ain't got talk about the sets. We took care of business for sure. We can go back to the super chat before we move on to the next round. If you want to. Man, shout out to the Pacers man for, I mean they, they did a good job in that first round against the under man. My Milwaukee team.


They did what they was supposed to do. That's what I was about to say. This is my favorite thing about beating the Knicks. They was healthy bro. Yeah, nobody slander us. We be the healthy team bro. Who they played in the second round Cleveland? Yeah they beat another unhealthy King team in the second round. Shit. But You know what's crazy, everybody make excuses of why they lost. Tell me when you win. That's, I wanna say it is always excuse ain't an excuse is availability. I'm not disrespect we get hurt year after year. We sit niggas home, they get high. The staff need a a raise bro. I know the best. I told y'all the best staff need a raise. They got the best staff in the world when it comes to medical For sure. Everybody on that court for sure. They hey best ever. I played all 82 with them. But what I'm trying to tell y'all is they beat another underarm under man team in the Cleveland Cavaliers.


They took care of business like they supposed to y'all. I'm giving them respect. 4 0 1 4 0 1. They did what they supposed to do when you got under man team. You supposed to beat they ass. You ain't supposed to play around with 'em. And they did that. Now if they would've went seven with a under under man team then I've been talking shit. But they beat they ass. Why is Devon Dudley up there? That is a question. What are we doing? Super chat. I just got hyped but what, what are we doing? Like a GC said a head we're the workout video Dud boy. Okay D Here shot nigga get the table testify.


Hey that's funny. Nigga said he started looking like Di who is that? You my favorite person to chat ever. That's a good one. Okay, that's a good, I fuck with that one for sure. That's funny as fuck. That was funny. Deon get the table, the 5 0 9 block says do you Think you would be a great fit at backup PG for this Pacers team nigga? I would've started. Fuck you talking about? That's A good question. Fuck is you talking about nigga I was taking his spot. I don't know if You know how this organization's ran. You can do it too much. Dj, who you taking? TJ Nash or Jeff Play right now. I'll beat him right now. Who you talking about? DJ Nash off the couch for real. I'm gonna, I'm gonna roll with Jeff because Jeff hit over three.


My nigga TJ Nash beat he be guard him for the off the couch. You don't think I could beat, we gotta game through a training camp. You don't think I could beat him right now? No I Don't. I'm not a Patriot fan bro. You know I just, I was asking who, who you taking though? I'm Dr. Omar bro. I'ma take the black guy. I like, I like, that's the only reason I like him. I I like him but no bro, he could. No, hell no For sure. No disrespect. I like, I like Nash whatever his name. Yeah, wet tap in. I just Know how Jeff really feel about him. So Yeah, he was my least favorite player. NBA Miles told Joe. You seen the stories? Yeah, he was so sad to me.


But he, he's built a nice career for him. He hustles, he plays hard. Shout to CJ Nash man EL hundred 13 and Super Chase said is Z career over or they just capping on my boy. Oh, that's all Cap you can see through all that shit. That's, that's all bullshit bro Going on. Yeah, that's, that's some bullshit. But Freezy ID money and Super Chase said Jeffrey, what do you think about Malik? Beasley going to the paces or g going nigga, nigga don't ever call me no damn Jeffrey and he called you Jeffrey. I ain't answering his question. Yeah, no I don't want Malik Beasley on my team at all, but shout to him. Who crazy Bro. That's not nah. Malik Beasley nice. We don't need him. Shout to Malik Bey. Nah, you he's great in Detroit. Jeffrey is crazy bro. We can use that on, on me bro. Malik b he gonna hit a three if he don't do shit.


Yes bro. I ain't mad at I'm cool off that. Yeah, shout to Malik. I I keep Benedict master. Yeah. Stay in Detroit pick out. But I'm just saying if we had to take him, I wouldn't be. Yeah, ain't a Bad pickup. I seen League busy in the regular season. I seen him in the postseason. I'm good. Shout to him. No.


So we all made mistakes. Right, but on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans degree. Whole thing. It turns up sweat and od protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


There's a moment every parent remembers the day their child takes off on two wheels with guardian bikes. That moment comes as early as two years old and with less stress and frustration, these bikes are built just for kids. Lightweight frames, low center of gravity, easy to use, brakes. Everything about Guardian is designed to help kids ride confidently often in just one day. No training wheels needed. And because Guardian bikes are designed and assembled right here in the USA, You know they're built to last with care in every detail. Their patented Sure stop Braking system stops both wheels with a single lever helping your child stop safely without tripping forward or losing control. Right now save hundreds when comparing Guardian to its competitors@guardianbikes.com and get a free lock and pump when you join their newsletter. A $50 value. Visit guardian bikes.com today to save and help your child learn an essential life skill safely. Guardian bikes built for your kid and for the memories you'll never forget.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts. This content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, That's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip he shimmies the door open, stepped over the dog. Oh, and he stumbles. Oh, Right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed Ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos stronger makes everything better.


Reme Daddy four says, shout to y'all. Now what in the world design doing wins. This man gonna start hooping again. Yeah. Don't care stuff man. But he'll be all right. He'll be back hooping like he's supposed to. For sure. Heavily. Sin says y'all tripping. Hockey gotta be the hardest. Sport is basically football. Ice hockey is crazy. You can, you ain't mad at that. Yeah bro. You can't even spell hockey, right? Yeah. You gonna say you gotta lock in. Listen, I don't know if that's production team for you, but gonna blame you heavily. Sin. Oh, it's Malcolm. Oh, heavily. Sins he can't spell. We copy and paste y Hockey is not the hardest sport 'cause we don't know what the fuck that is. But salute to you king hockey is pretty difficult to try to do that on some skates. Yeah, it's But I feel like you could figure that out. Like, oh shit, I ain't gonna say that. You have to know how to skate.


Yeah, but you can figure that out and squabble, you can figure that out on ice. You gotta be gifted though, to really be cold, Man. You could figure hockey out To No, I'm talking about the, to play it bro. That Shit hard, bro. You gotta run full speed. Stop. Move a hook around, bro. Well if that's the case. Lacrosse is hard. That shit Hell yeah. Is yeah. I like everybody's sport just because I know, I know. I'm not professional. Basketball is like that shit. Niggas pretty. Yeah, I'm, I'm not saying bro, just saying like how I'm saying soon youll pick up on it. Yeah, you could pick up hockey pretty quick. You can pick up lacrosse pretty quick. You got good hand eye coordination. You can pick it up pretty quick. Hockey or soccer. With fight soccer, you could, soccer. Soccer is probably easier than hockey.


I play soccer bro. Oh, over hockey bro. The skating aspect makes it harder but soccer is hard ass sport. No you, you ain't gotta be able to run and have good agility with soccer hockey. You gotta have hand eye coordination. You gotta know how to, I don't know how to skate. Skate. Yeah, you gotta hit the puck. You gotta be able to control the puck. It's a difficult sport. Not saying it's not but like flying on them. You could pick that up quicker than you could pick up golf. Yeah. Facts. You could pick up hockey better than golf. Let's go back to the top of this list please. 'cause this list is crazy. Like to actually make like a, to make something in golf. Like have you went out there? I've done that shit. That shit is not easy. Well nigga, somebody picking the ball up and I just start throwing that so they got boxing this one.


Do we agree with this? Oh boxing is probably the most, yeah you die and you gotta, you enter there by yourself. Shout to Nate Rob bro. Don't try to play boxing. That boy got slips. UFC U ffc. You better not get in there bro. Yeah, I'm not fucking, they got hockey sack whatever this source hockey itself bro. ESP NI get stuff you gotta skate and do all this shit. I could play football. The only thing about football is somebody do make contact with you. It is over. But I be Marvin Harrison. Yeah. Football not hard to play. I'd be Marvin Harrison, I'm no no football. Not hard to play Physical. Don't Think you got martial arts so far on the list. I feel like that's more difficult than basketball.


Wrestling, it's more D than basketball. You gotta a dribble shoot. Wrestling is not more difficult than basketball. Look they saying I get what they, how they're trying to say it like it's more like taxing on the body. These sports that look like that shit's just more dangerous. Yeah, this is more dangerous Sports more taxing on the body. They not harder to play. Think it's got martial football is probably the easiest sport to play. Like you can go get a little kid right now and say, hey when I give you this run they gonna try to tackle you. That's a fact It damn near. It's just no offense them like a dummy game like you for real. You damn near could be dumb and play football depending on the position. It's the truth. Kidding. Run to the the guy I can go get.


I can go get a person. That why they got the water. The water, the water boy is the perfect movie. He was dumb and they said how how smart could you be to just go run into somebody with your head bro. It's hard as you can y y'all gotta clean that up. It ain't nothing to clean up. It's really a dummy sport. That's why I shouldn't say this but it's the truth. Be that smart to do that bro. Like come on. What's, what's more of a dummy sport? Football, wrestling. Wrestling is skill football Bro. They are. Man stop. You gotta have counter, You gotta have counters man. Like fucker Literally into each other. Just get away from y Niggas crazy. They're just running into each other in Football. They, No they're not bro. Yes they are. The defense is how many positions it is in football.


Y'all crazy. They all doing this. I nigga wrestle. All these niggas is touching on each other for 30 minutes. What they gotta do be a dumb. Yeah Because that's all you gotta do is touch me for 30 minutes Bro. Split me up. I have to p pee you bro. That's not on 1, 2, 3, that's it. They're literally trying a quarterback. Are y'all, are y'all crazy? Hardest position in sports. Oh y'all crazy. I'm talking about but it's that's a Football nigga. That's a football Position. That's position. That's one position. Position nigga. Wrestling is neutral. Everybody's the same. Who the Strongest quarterback is one position else you can get beat in wrestling. You don't have to be as strongest as Well. Telling me it's easy to be a fucking quarterback than a fucking wrestler. Y'all crazy. I like he always do that. He to try to take because I can go like I just said, you can go get anybody right now and I can get a little kid that's four years old and I can hand him the ball and say run to that pi line right there and don't let nobody catch you.


And he trying to do Get the same little 4-year-old nigga whoop his ass. Yeah And another dude probably whoop his ass technique in it bro. They not just fight You get the wrong 4-year-old. He pin you on Your head. Wrestl row in the crib bro. That's just some shit niggas did bro. If you fight a wrestl, I'm not talking about Wwe. No we not talking about throw off the ropes and drop kick. We talking about with the with the head gear card. Yeah with that real on. You already got the slow starter kid lock in. Why You think football players got helmets? Helmet? They Got helmets. They got helmet To protect them helmet. Yeah because they playing against the wall. Them damn earballs ain't doing shit. Smack a nigga in this shit based on iq, wrestling is the smartest sport.


You gotta be the smartest to be. You Have to, you have to. They say in descending order the smartest sports fans. Fans. They trying to make this for fans by boy. This is where reading comes To wrestle though. I love, we love wwe But I but that's not the rest. That's the, they talk about, I Just want y'all could glance and look at it and just say y'all, y'all the football disrespect is crazy. It's not disrespect bro. You got, we're not saying they ain't the best athletes or the most talented. I know Y'all not. I'm just saying we just talking about the easiest shit. We ain't disrespecting Nobody besides track 'cause track and field actually. I mean you gotta be gifted but you don't have to do nothing like run. You just gotta run. You gotta be fast, gotta be fast. You gotta train, you gotta do all that stuff.


But you gotta do that in every sport. This nigga said but football Adam Sandler playing Waterboy is an example I give you. Alright, think about all the crazy I'm, I'm gonna be real think about and I ain't no disrespect to this man. No disrespect to this man. Dwayne, Stephanie, when I was at Ghana he was stronger, faster everybody. He didn't, school wasn't his thing. But you put him on that football field, he was a monster. I agree too. Think about Jeremy Finch. No disrespect, just hit him as hard as you can. Jeremy Finch was think about playing phenomenal football player bro. Amazing. What you think his grades like? Let's, Let's, okay well well let's look at basketball.


Okay, this more basketball. So do we want, So I'm not talking about, But what I'm saying is I got now shit. It's shit. Oh no it's some, it's some, it's some slow people but you gotta have a certain kind of IQ to be successful at basketball. You can't, you could just run through a nigga face bro you can. You gotta have a certain IQ to play basketball. You're not gonna beat basketball. Play a professional basketball player. Have some type of IQ on the court bro. You Do What I'm telling you. Look, there's no dis Disrespect play a cornerback, a safety, a linebacker that reactionary bro. That shit is hard bro.


I'm not saying it ain't Hard bro. It is bro. What I'm saying is it is real life people that play a whole different sport and then just be like shit, I gotta make it pro at something and just be like throw my hand in football. Fuck it. There's no other sport where you can just throw your hand in it and be like, lemme see if I can do it unless just track and field you was that fast Football. They Literally will take a basketball player 'cause it's size bro. They like you ain't made to the league. Come on man Cox. Hey dude do shout out to my boy boy who played basketball his whole life. That was in OTE and just went to Georgia. They Will not basketball Job. Big job bro. You cannot just come out that basketball boy. You look like a real athlete. Let, let's try you in basketball man. That boy got out there came dribbled Dennis Robin.


What you mean? He was skilled though. He did. Did not hoop. He Was skilled. He was skilled bro. Boy you look, you look all right boy. Come on here and lock In. He can guard he Hall of Fame nigga bro. Hoop. He did hoop his, his beginnings was just different. And he had a growth spurt. He was five 10 when you go six eight. He always hooped though. So you just put S smart on his name for no reason. No he didn't. Dennis didn't grow up a Hooper. Somebody got, somebody Seen his story. I don't think Ben Wallace did either bro. Yeah he did. They look crazy. You see the 30 for 30? I seen That somebody just made to the NFL this year got picked up by a team that played basketball, never played football a day in his life. Yeah, Rico Galles did it. Baylor played for the Cowboys for a second. Ma Cox, this ain't no disrespect Tony Gates even though he played football a little bit.


I just think it's hard to Football. It just gotta be crazy enough to play football. Yeah, you gotta have that as for sure. All right man. Back in the super chat. My fun. No disrespect to football though. Shout to the football homies for sure. Big codeine said magic just dropped the rebrand. Where you guys thoughts assuming the Orlando magic? I haven't seen the new fits but we will look shortly for show. Good question Fable and the super chance said NBA hardest sport because 99.9% of people eliminated from birth gotta have height it genetics to even have a chance. That might be true though. That's true. I'm Not mad at that. Could be said by a lot of sports but definitely basketball for sure. That's probably the most out of that though. Niche. Niche. You gotta be genetically favored to play basketball.


The level of Entry is probably way higher for Basketball because like football you can make yourself stronger. No, I agree with that. I ain't, you Can't never make basketball For sure. Yeah. Yeah I agree with That. Most definitely. Alright Tay Travis and the Chad said soccer is really the easiest sport A black person can play. No joke. Y'all are basketball heads and soccer is the most relatable to soccer. I don't think it's that easy. I think people sleep on how hard soccer is bro. It's definitely not easy bro. I think more black people could definitely tap into that for sure. We could figure it out. Man, soccer just never was cool in our neighborhood. That's it. So like well black people started playing soccer bro. They probably be super cold at it. Yes athletes bro. Bro. But they just, who wants to be famous? Like it would probably end up like basketballers now. Yeah if you played overseas.


If we grew up overseas we probably, everybody would play soccer obviously because it's cra overseas. It's a football field, soccer field. They call the football on every corner like it's a basketball here. Just the biggest sport of the world. Yeah it definitely on every corner I'd be like god damn. And they do it every World Cup pretty much. Or every time they have something going on in soccer, they say if the US took their best athletes and made them play soccer or developed them to be soccer players. Like imagine Dwight hires a goalie bro. Nobody's going on him. Yeah. Like imagine LeBron James being the midfielder bro. I'm pushing you. There's nothing you can do. Nothing bro. Nah, that that footwork soccer is elite for show. Yeah, but we don't realize that they get that much money till now. So now you'll see people playing soccer but and like you said the money aspect for it, it's easy to go play basketball. Soccer's not cheap. Nah, shout to all soccer parents out here.


You got tournaments every weekend cleats kids. Yeah that shit isd. You can just go outside and hoop. Ain't nobody just playing pick up soccer. That's tough. Marcus can't even get enough people out there. Yeah now. And if it is, it's not quality at all. Marcus Marble in the super chest says football needs quick thinking, play memorization and strategy at every position. Basketball is more instinctive. Air Bud played basketball nigga Air Bud played everything. Nigga Air Bud played football. He's the coldest athlete of all time. Actually what you talking about? Air was a wide receiver Dude up laughing. He said Air Bud that's Funny to Air. Bud was a wide receiver. He must have played football. Hey I don't wanna do go to Air Buds soccer. I got air but fucked up. He wasn't the coldest athletes of all time bro.


Air Bud played football. Come on man. Golden receiver bro. You seen a movie My boy BU had slaps tap ear. That's funny though. That is funny. Shit. Come on. Basketball, football, soccer, football, baseball and ball volleyball Air Bud had a a moment. Seventh inning fetch. Hey Airbus getting shit off. Catching the whole football with your mouth is crazy. Air was in my head his time Catching up. Catching a baseball though. Hey I ain't seen a baseball. Wait why? Look at he BetterHelp me. He got no headphones like rest Of people. I never watched none of these bro. I just knew about 'em. I just watched the real, I just seen Air Bud Ball. Yeah they went crazy. The Baseball's crazy Baseball's nigga I might have Tapped.


That's some special Olympic shit right there. The real honey. Oh man. Alright. I gave you the keys but nobody else was playing. Alright Xavier the super chase and senior players like Mike kindly Drew Hor for even to James Johnson. What do y'all think attributes to longevity in the league? Health? Staying healthy. Being healthy. Knowledge Man. Being a good person too though. Yeah. Yeah. Great relationships. Being healthy and being solid vets means the world. You definitely can't be selfish to play in the league that long unless you a superstar. Yeah. But like you said, as soon as they feel like they're done with you, you see how they treated some of our goats man when it was time for them to be vet. So yeah it get tricky for sure.


Alright Isha so make sure I ain't fucking your name up but correct me if I'm wrong. What's up y'all boys? I just started watching not too long ago and I thoroughly enjoy it. I was warned what the football season approach to do? Y'all cover that? N-C-A-N-F-L. God bless. Shout to you bro. Appreciate you welcome to the game. Yes. Yeah, yeah. We will be tapping in for sure. We're gonna do our best to cover the football season. Yeah. Should be a good season coming up for show. We will be tapping with our dog. Zaire. Yeah the the, he got the stats like John Stockton. Mm. You said you got the pad? His stats and the tackles? Yeah, on the Tackles you gotta call in. He said he coming the fall 20 day, the field day. You gotta call in. Tell him man get the pads ready bro. I'm sick of this shit. He said he went Oklahoma drills with whoever.


Yeah tell him I'm of it. Nah, I don't want put the pad on crash. I don't wanna put the pad on but I swear I could catch a pass on him. On everything in my heart I feel I can not with no pass. Just catch a pass on shorts. Shorts and t-shirts. I off the line. You crazy as hell. But that's what I'm saying. I ain't no disrespect to ZI just don't see him being able to stand in front just Well I'm quicker than him bro. Going jam. He gonna try, he gonna try to do all that But he not no small. Yeah either that Bro. He gonna try huge bro. I seen Ziaire, he is short little nigga. Them football niggas is he five two No disrespect. I said nigga again, he strong Bro but them football, I just don't want Ziaire to forget where he at and tackle this shit. See that? See that's, that's what Jamar them gotta be in the stand Him getting my Tupac game.


What was, what was my man name on Bubba Rim definitely gonna crash out. What was the name above nigga? I got my guys, that's one of my favorite picture of all time bro. We here is greater strap ever losing the game bro. That's, that's it. Yeah that boy 2 35, 6 foot. Yeah. Yeah he a big boy. He all muscle too. He can't keep up bro. Once his 40, I Seen what Deion Sand's son Was doing. The boys bro. And he nowhere near Him bro. Bro I seen Derrick can't read the knees bro. And dropping him. We not talking about tackling Nigga. All right. He talking about just corner the receiver bro. Yeah I don't Don were a a four five. Yeah he was and he trained for that so yeah I don't see him doing that bro.


He just as Jeff is nigga, he's strong too. I don't see him just Pushing. Oh he running a four six too so yeah I can get by. He that's slow. Yeah. Yeah he, he ain't moving like that. He ain't gonna bank on that. He going to be physical with him watching. He gonna be like yeah what's up nigga. You know he I see what trying and I see that's do but I see Jeff, he not gonna toss him out the way, out the way. Gonna move his arms out the way. Talk to him. These as hell. He not, I'm about to run a crazy route to, I'm gonna route, I'm gonna route him. I don't see him. Then I'm gonna tell whoever the quarterback just throw it up his vertical. He get off the line then you probably can get him. No it's Green. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I don't see him holding off the line off. He not holding this nigga. Ain gonna be No I gonna get off the line bro.


I watched Deion Sandon bro. He was hoeing people bro. And he is nowhere near him bro. He fast though but he was just not letting him off the line. He probably was playing some kids I used playing some grown men. Who He did good against? Antonio Brown. Oh They was, he playing, they was sad though. He was guarding him though. Okay T yeah. Ooh. Had a 36 inch vertical. He got 38. He a football dude though. That ain't, that's a fake vertical. I ain't worried about all that. If you get off the line, that's a fake vertical. A a fake get a catch. But You know they don't jump like that. For real. They do training and I ain't even Jeff in the open field desire run. He going bro. He gonna kill, he gonna murder me. He Killing but just getting him out. Hell Nah. Lemme stop playing with Zaire 'cause Aire be, Aire be for real.


It it is speed. Who I really want go against And I want speed 'cause he was the one mad. Oh yeah Speed was, speed was bad. Ziaire laughed with me. Zaire But speed bigger though. Speed. Yeah he slow though. He's slow. Look at here he grow six nine C drill four six and that's A strong Motherfucker. He's slow though. EJ Speed. Cruz speed. Fat speed. Speed. When you gonna have a total Speed don't get no tackles though. So Hey it off my man. Speed. Speed. Probably shout a little bit more. Yeah you say I can, you could, I could route him.


I Know about that 6 4, 2 30 game. Nah, ain't messing, messing with speed. Speed walked in the house. I said damn nigga you like you play, you play basketball man, he six five. Shit. My voice be a quarterback before he play defense. Oh for real? He an athlete bro. I don't, nah he is Too but you getting off the line. I I, I could. I'll probably do better against Zaire than him though. Yeah because he's six four. Yeah that nigga We Need to try everybody's sport bro. So we can see how hard this shit's bro. Probably gotta really lock in that field. Matter Of fact. Where Deion Sanderson at? Who? Tampa. Oh. I'm talking about the one that don't play. I won't route him. I'm talking about the one that, that's the one I've been talking about. Yeah, you talking about Charlo? No, no, nah. Talking about Little Dion. Dion Little Dion. Oh you want him?


Yeah he can get him. I'm gonna route him. He used to play football though. Right. He don't play no more though. So I'm a route you, I can route you bro. He be on the couch. Don't too get him. But he got see Shiloh though. I ain't, I nah still he still playing but Dion, Little Dion was cold in football too though. He was just Too little. Little Dion played in, Lil Dion was cold. He went somewhere good too. Was cold but he, yeah, he SU Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I can route. I can route you. He don't play no more bro. I can route him. I know, but I don't play basketball no more. I'm talking to be him so I can get him. I Don't know Man. You don't think I can route him? Yes bro. You can get him the teams versus Andrew line it up. We gotta get it. Nah, that, that nigga was all right. Just that sender, that sand. Nah, he got big bro.


Little bro. Yeah, he was a two. He he was a two star. I could route him. He was a two star. Hes a two star. Shout to Dion Jr. Bro. I'm I Cookie, I'm cooking Dion Jr. He was a two star smoke. What he at a four three? No, four six. He short bro. He short. Five seven what he five six. I'm way faster than him. 5 8 1 70. Oh he's routed faster bro. Eight 70. That was him in college though. Yeah, that he even worse now because he don't do nothing. He's vertical. 27. Ah, he's dead bro. I get kill him. I him Deion Jr. You routing's way better than his bro. I'm routing. Deion. Deion. Shiloh pull up. No, not Shiloh. We gotta have family.


Y'all the shit I I I could route the quarterback facts. He's slow. Yeah, you probably should smoke. Nah that ain't his position but I around him. Yeah, you might jam him Around four, five Shiloh. He running four five. I ain. I ain't he Do that though. He's he's Bob Sanders bro. He, he's a crash out. Hell not messing with Shiloh. He got, I see him guarding. I Gotta put some more respect on these on his football niggas though. Y'all, y'all y'all getting crazy. We Have dis respect in him but I can beat the older son bro. I swear to God we cannot guard. Alright we can set this up. We gonna line it up for show. He cannot guard me. I like like that. I like look. Yeah and if they wanna play basketball we'll definitely beat him. Oh we just, we dont stay on football field bro.


Oh. Don't know why I'm talking to Don't, I don't Think you can get around Lil Bobby. Who Football and football. He, We already played play football with too pocket. He he's Huge. I don't Think you can get around Bro. We played play football last year. I would push Bobby on his ass. This is a new year. This is new year bro. We played flag football with them last year. Him and JO bro. I was housing them. Lou both was we not throw it up, just throw Lou was after I let Achi hurt this tall this, this Year. I know y'all did Last year. You need a couple more years bro. I know of fact. Fact get the camera ready. I know, I know what back gonna be but not. Hey get the camera ready. Alright. Who the best DB in Indiana? Lil Mark. Get the camera ready. I'm routing you. I I'll route I'm routing Lil Mark.


Oh he going to Notre Dame bb, I'm routing Lil Mark on the football side. Lil Mark. Pull up Lil Mark. You know it's all little. They love you too. They got you football. Oh You know he is our little brother bro. I'm about to route him. It is over with Big Mark. Let turn around the intern. Get a catch on him bro. I can get a catch on Little Mark Bro. If he really lock in Bro. I can get a catch though bro. You still fast though. I'm fast bro. I can get a catch mo. You ain't that fast no more. Yes I am. I don run bro. Mo got good y'all I'm fast though. I Know but He a little faster. Mo got the OG dad belly down but He a little faster than niggas though. Nahall. I put married day bro. I just don't run. We got on the train for about a month.


I'm telling you I can see. Look at Spook at the age where he still think he got it. A windmill. Oh you cannot win milk. I swear to God I can win. I was going be whatever I can win 500 today. You win milk. I swear to God can win milk. I about pull it up. I pull a nigga on windmill I can win. I did it bro Win. I did it probably like a month ago. I can windmill bro. Just stretch. You got it today bro. I can win milk bro. I got five like a motherfucker and it wasn't nasty but I did. I got a hundred. He can do it. I Think you can do it. I got 500. He can not win me. Alright bro. A windmill like a real windmill. So what you need a week?


About a week and a half bro. I can win. We windmill. It's bar, it's all whack. Oh. A couple days in a row. A full windmill next Thursday. See he's saying full. I can just windmill bro. I nah not not the the baby. I want him to bring it down. I want, you want me to get crazy? I can't. I can windmill bro. I can't. That just called a meal when you do that. That's a meal. A meal Just ail. Alright man. Back in the super chat with it. Curtis Kent said when it's five 20 global coming, all y'all need to do a Nigerian special shout out to T Nigerian. Shout out to my Nigerian. I want come out there for shit show for sure. I play those. Boom I'm scared to go out there. Y'all gotta make sure we straight though.


We gotta make it back home that that flight like what? 20 hours, 25 hours They got the planes now it's a move for sure you can lay down, go to sleep. I mean I feel that but I just can't wake up and still be on a plane. That's crazy. Taking the spirit flight to Nigeria is probably ain't the best idea but they got big seats in the front there. That's soul plane for sure. Direct flight. 12 or 15 hours could be shit after that flight like be here and we do squats nigga. Me nigga say my back by default my ass shit so bad bro.


I said damn I ain't never used this part in my motherfucking body before. Alright man. Alright man. Big cri in the super chat set. That's a crazy name. Back to baseball. Don't really see in 95. That's where I pitch. It's too fast. That re cues predict spin and sweet based on instinct for regular folks hitting that is 99% Look 1% divine reflex. I agree. You really can't see. You just gotta guess your time for show. You gotta swing and hope for the best man. Yeah, I think I could just hit one just 'cause I'm stupid. I might just hit it one time. Yeah, it's the reason why they get paid so much money to do that for Show Man. Shout out to the Cavs. Put belt to ass y'all. They were undermanned so we ain't gonna talk about them much. So we all made mistakes. Right, but own it up to them. It's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree. Cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans degree's. Whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen. They admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it, it might be a good time to try See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


There's a moment every parent remembers the day their child takes off on two wheels with guardian bikes. That moment comes as early as two years old and with less stress and frustration, these bikes are built just for kids. Lightweight frames, low center of gravity, easy to use brakes. Everything about Guardian is designed to help kids ride confidently often in just one day. No training wheels needed. And because guardian bikes are designed and assembled right here in the USA, You know they're built to last with care in every detail. Their patented Sure stop braking system stops both wheels with a single lever helping your child stop safely without tripping forward or losing control. Right now save hundreds when comparing Guardian to its competitors@guardianbikes.com and get a free lock and pump when you join their newsletter. A $50 value. Visit guardian bikes.com today to save and help your child learn an essential life skill safely. Guardian bikes built for your kid and for the memories you'll never forget.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees.


Bocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh That's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At Least he grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh and he stumbles. Oh Right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein fact Ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos stronger makes everything better.


Before we got outta here, the Knicks, You know what I'm saying? We took care of business. We've seen a lot of slander going on already with this team. Scrub up just a little bit for me please. They're saying Sean's has a report already that they plan on being very aggressive this off season. Damn we'll go ahead and roll it. It was aggressive last season. Super Knicks Have internal meetings this week to evaluate everything from the roster. Different changes they could make around everything but e especially the roster if the last year and a half has any indication next president Leon Rosa has gone out and gotten OJ n Nobi, Mikhail Bridges Carl in the towns. I expect him to be just as aggressive this off season. Whether it's a landmark player that you could bring in there or definitely depth on that bench.


Tom Dittle called it a very important off season coming up. I do expect them to be very active and aggressive on the rock. Like is he going to play them though? Like who is they going to get though? I don't know. Yeah, I listen man they, they did a lot last off season and to be fair bro, y'all lost in the conference finals. Y'all losing the first round. Y'all didn't lose the second round. Y'all lost in the eastern conference finals. But this got 'em excited bro. They like we You know who they need to go get Who? I was thinking about this the other day 'cause my boy stuck in Portland. Go get Anthony Simons right? Mm. He know how to play with another dominant guard. He didn't play with damn Dame. He didn't play with all them. Just bring him to New York. Let him cook off the bench like he come in off the bench.


Even though he a starter, he A NBA starter for sure. But he know how to play that role and he a bucket. Yeah. Yeah he a real bucket. I've seen Orlando has some interest in him as well. Okay. Orlando thinking about it. That's an A that's a good pickup for him too. He do need to get outta Portland too. Yeah because he's cold and nobody get to see him. Yeah, true. Yeah. Now the coachings, I don't get it while they were fire tears but a lot of people feel like maybe they should move on. It's like if you gonna get deaf is he gonna play in many way? Maybe you gotta get a different type of coach to embrace a different culture. Michael Malone, Taylor Jenkins. I think tips keep his job. Y'all think it's a possibility he might be gone? Nah, he gonna keep that job. Say he locked. But I feel B here though. 'cause at some point bro this is just who tib is bro.


But That's what I'm saying bro. Shit I You can bring any player you want bro. He not about to play more than seven YY Y'all know him better than we do. Yeah. Shit, if he ain't going to adapt with the times, you probably have to move on. I'm saying lose his job but If you coach but if you only play eight people you gotta get eight people that fit though. So like okay I ain't mad at you just playing eight people. I mean it ain't gonna work throughout the whole season. 'cause you do people get hurt but if you play eight people in the playoffs, yeah you gotta make sure you got eight people that all fit the role you need. Like you need a scoring person off the bench. They didn't have that. Yeah like Miles McBride, he can get you 10 12 here, here and there. You need somebody can get 30 any given night, any night.


Jalen Bruns having a bad night when he in the game. I know he about to get third. I know he about to get to it. They need forny Simon man. Yeah man I know last year was a different team but even I saw Alex Burke come in and get buckets like you need somebody off the bench who can get their own bucket. Now I've seen a lot of reports saying possibly moving on from Kat which I think is crazy. They're talking about his defense. Well You know he didn't play defense when he got here. Yeah he still killed all NBA player bro. Kat was Hooping bro. That's going to hurt them. That's a Fact. He was hooping bro. That game when he had autumn points here bro he was killing bro. He won that game in the fourth quarter. He had 20 in the fourth. They doing a lot bro. They gotta put them back at ground zero. Yeah They tripping but they definitely gotta get another scoring guard and I mean like a legit scoring guard. Not somebody who can have a moment.


You need one. That legit average 20 points. I know every night you about to keep. Yeah they need, they trying to put out his blame on caddies. That's crazy bro. Y'all send Cam to New York Cam Thomas Thomas? Yeah he too. He he He Too old d He too much for that team. Yeah he too much for that though. He can get buckets. Not saying he can't get buckets but Anthony, Anthony Simons do it like a respectful get buckets like Cam Thomas kind of do it like Jay Bron said bro he hold that deal. Yeah he not thinking about passing. Nah you see what my boys on last year go back to the stats 24. Yeah. Nah he's a killer. No let's don't get it twisted. I looked off Kyrie, I look off kd, I looked off James Hart. But you, I would look off I'm what I'm saying. Anthony Simonon can still play with Jaylen Bronson like he a punk fake driver kick it 'cause he played with Dame, he played with cj.


He still not a play with other good guards. Yeah like Cam Thomas. I'm not saying he can't. Yeah but they need him bro. But he proved that he can so yeah he can. He could play with other guard be a bucket. Most definitely. You know what the Pacers do messed up other franchises along the way. That's a fact for sure. Alright man before we got here MOB scored something. Yesterday the Rockies took care of the Mar 64. Yeah Marlon should be rolling over their grave. Angels defeat the Red Sox seven to six the brewers defeat the reds. Three to two belt to ass. The Tigers took care of the White Sox. 13 to one. My Lord white so shout out to my boy Carpenter. Yeah had three home runs last night. Ran it up. Yeah. Sox ain't shit bro. Get well soon Padre took care of the Giants one to zero twins beat the doors off the athletics 10 to four and the mess took care of the Dodgers.


Four to three be him. You asked a great question yesterday about the Rockies being so trash when they get the number one pick there are some rules that prevent tanking in MLB so they probably will not. So they are sad. Be sad. See shout out to the m lb for keeping it solid. Facts. Yeah I rock with That. There's too much money in baseball music so If you going, you just going, you just Going fight for your life out there. Yeah, yeah. Can't just go out there. And I also wanna know from like a triple A standpoint, like what all you gotta do to get called up Ke Just Q what's the, it's like the G league. The Only reason why I asked that is 'cause like what's that G League call up like y'all think it's harder to get caught up from the G league more so the AAA up to the MLB.


Yeah it's probably harder for the G league because the AA you kind of, it's like a farm system so you play in that same team and you kind of know like if you got picked in the first round and they put you through the farm system, hopefully their goal is for you to reach their the G league. You that ain't they goal, their goal like to have a team in a G league. Like they send people down there to get better. Yeah. To help they people practice. Yeah. Like Okay, okay, Okay. You ain't really about to get caught up unless you just, You got what average 30 or some shit That bro they don't even pick people that average 30. They pick people that that feel a spot. They picking somebody that like damn we can use this 'cause they don't need you to get 30 in the NBA.


We already got people getting 30. Yeah. So it's better to be a glue guy in the G league because you got a better chance to like A elite one. Yeah. And then they you might get called up, shit we talked about it Cruso. Yeah got the mud in the G League. Baseball different. 'cause you could be a first round pick and you're going to double A then you gotta make it through aa. But like you said it's same farm system, same coaches, stuff like that. So. Oh okay. Okay. For sure they trying to push you through that system. Like our high school coach Sean got drafted number one overall and bulleting. Yeah he was cold. He was cold. Played for the pirate system some years Re picked Up too. Yeah, Reese was drafted as well. Yeah. Yeah you still gotta go like even some of them people still go to college and I Nigga Reese bought a Jag out the game.


He a jag bar. That Shit shout to Reese man. That's Hard to get drafted outta high school though. Yeah, hell Yeah bro. You gotta be cold. It's tough to make it to the pros than the baseball though. But it is like they got more players. Yeah More games. More opportunity for injury. I shouldn't say it like that but You know what I mean. People get hurt. Nah, Basketball it is, it is a slim chance bro. That's a strike of look Boy. It is like gotta be a lot of things. Yep. That's my only question with this shit. Nah for sure man. Shout out to the professionals for sure. You know why before we get outta here. You know why I hate like, You know You know you watch podcasts and stuff when people talk it's so difficult to make it in a be a professional athlete.


Yeah. Like but we kind of treat it like it's the norm. Yeah. Like granted we talking crazy about every sport and we joking around but bro to make it to be a professional athlete is crazy. Yeah. You gotta imagine how many people in that sport in the world is trying to make that and you made it. It's like 1% bro. Not even 1%. Like half a percent. It is crazy. Especially like everybody in The world tried to hoop at some point bro. Yeah for you to make It's like damn. Yeah, basketball for sure Even football. Football every, Every sport. Football. Yeah football. But I'm saying it is harder than basketball. Oh yeah. You like nah y'all won't talk about the hardest to make it's hoop shit For sure 60 Picks bro.


Man it is wicked bro. To be a professional athlete you have to be elite, micro and macro. It's a million people who want your spot and play your position and you gotta be better than 'em at the right time. In a perfect scenario man. For sure. I respect all athletes 'cause it's not easy. Nah it's crazy. It's just crazy that like two NBA players grew up in the same household. Like y'all really are Anomaly. That's that's fire. It's it's crazy when you think about it like but it's so normal 'cause we be around, You know you be around people and you have kind of access 'cause of Instagram and now social media. Right. So it feel normal but nah, I like Drew Holiday and them they got three. Three. Yeah Same crib. It's crazy. Silly bro crazy. There's A few of those. It's a few of those though. Yeah the Plum Leagues. It is. That's crazy. Sellers come on bro.


That's crazy. Everybody in own family went to the league, shout out to the parents. Y'all going crazy. Yeah that's crazy. Secure the back for sure. Alright man. Some of the greatest moments of this postseason run from the Pacers man. Roll eclipse y'all. Oh this pacer day? Yeah your team will be tomorrow. We got KC, we going through the KC PQ tomorrow baby to the finals eight. Guess How I be a little more hype Yourself going downhill set To nigga miles. Set The tone, Get paid boy. All this shit talking about we going into the luxury taxes to the finals. Boy honey bill on the way from my boy, I fuck with My house. We negotiating a deal. Pay mys Man. Most definitely man. Pay it for life. He deserves it For sure.


Alright, What we got next? Oh yeah, we know what this is Tyre. Some crazy Moments bro. Get your own rebound hall. Rebound nine seconds. Kill him. Excuse Me. Bow jack. The shit out that bar Misses his his own. Get your own rebound. Why wouldn't he just let him go to the basket? It's gonna be really Travel. That's hate. I'm just saying like why wouldn't you just stay up a two. Don't kill us hat or three dude. Are we talking about man Situational basketball. Situational basketball ain't Been right since boom For That's tough.


Why you they Show this though? But why wouldn't you stay up though? Should have. Yeah two don't we go on overtime. Appreciate you. Appreciate you Todd. Jerome, hope you have some good luck. You know what I'm saying. Next season you good in Indy for life bro. Bes on me gang. Come here. That's such A crazy fucking shot. Old boy is running back to the three point line. He like fuck later. Oh yeah bro. Timo cruise bro. What's the layup? He ain't know how to get hyped though. He couldn't believe he hit that shit. He looked at Reggie, You know You know why I like him. He's such a smart player.


Not most people realize he looked at the clock shot clock the other shot clock. So you get a shout off. Ready? I'm I'm rocking. He got that ugly ass shot of me getting that hole off. Nigga shoot That hole. This is just the year of the pace because that shout to my boy young LA my player going crazy. Be here. Look at your mask Man. Austin. James What Doing? I'm trying to catch up to him. What? What he on? I'm on big as hell. James. Who is Him? James. He said that's Leland don't do Leland like That.


Seen my nigga name up here. Man, that's Old buddy bro. Bro's. Yo. You know the vibes ain't nah That's that's the rapper. Yes. He's still on that shit. I didn't know who that was. That boy still on that power. Ain't not packing strong aint. Hey they put a sound by side Kendrick per dribbling in the driveway Getting 20 beds of show down man. What doing man? Yeah then my boy pregame bro you trying to get pass off. That Be a whole video bro. Nah bro. You see the forces is new baby. You see the mohawk still shorty want happen? My daddy it came to the crack. It came Undefeated though. I told y'all what's the, What Joe about to say Smell a little crack on you.


He says you ain't never did it. He said nah I ain't never did it. She's like now one time. Okay, one time I do it I can smell it on You. I can smell it on you. Alright man, before we get outta here, big crab wild name again and the super Chad said the White Sox were historically bad last year. Yes sir. They ended up with the 10th pick. I believe Teams can only have a top six pick and back to back year. Third year being sorry, best case is 10th pick for sure. Yeah the White Sox were ass last year. We appreciate that Cra. Yeah right on gang K. Dante said the Pacers win. DJ moved. Gotta remake the Indiana video. Ain't gonna, we appreciate y'all. I told y'all them niggas are not from N they are from the 2 1 9. That is they problem. They Really are y'all. They not. They not from.


They not from. And y'all can quit DMing me that bro. I get that so much. What's what y'all be doing out there? I'm like bro, no that's what they be doing up. I've never seen them but salute to them. Hey we appreciate y'all. We'll be back same time tomorrow five 20 In The Morning. The volume


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Starbucks. Ground coffee, red Bull energy drinks, spam, classic planet oat milk, Charmin bath tissue, Totino's pizza rolls, and FritoLay chips. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC.


A Lot of times big economic forces show up in our lives in small ways. Four days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one Small but important ways from tech billionaires to the bond market to yeah, banana pudding if it's happening in business. Our new podcast is on it. I'm Max Chaffin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is an iHeart podcast.