
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest tasks such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer. Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued by JP Morgan Face Bank. NA member FDIC.


Holiday Magic is in the air. And DS W's got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you or dsw.com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice. Up to $1,000. a monthly purchases, So, groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants, On. top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora this month. It's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy Just. download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you re ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms. Apply See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp NA person went to license by MasterCard. International Inc.


The Volume. Good morning. Happy Wednesday. It's five 20 in the Morning. You're joined by the three heartbeats this morning. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. It's my my two Esteem co-host. Shout out to the pick stitch yesterday. Y'all work fast as hell. Got my dog Bishop Hendrick to my left. My bullet tig to my right fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing man? Chilling bro. What's happening? Yeah man, her job was a little bit busy after work yesterday. Little extracurricular activities. Yeah. Yeah man I was Cooling man. Y'all was getting to it. Know, shout out. You know what I mean? Shout out to Lethal. It was what it was. Yeah. Well so we'll say that for the podcast. For sure. Listen man, a lot of things happen. First things first, man. You know what? Today is December 4th, man.


Yeah, go. Go Be day turn up. It's my dog Keenan birthday. Shout out to Keenan man. It's my mama be there too. Yeah, shout out baby girl. Up To mama. Shout out to Lineage for sure. Yeah. Hey Kenny. Getting shot before whole winter show is crazy but that's the homie for sure. So you can't do no more two case later on my boy for at least a week, man. Nah. Yeah, I give him a couple days off for sure. For sure. Man. A lot of action happened yesterday in the association. Man. The Knicks took care of the magic yesterday. 1 21 and 1 0 6. Listen, we was talking about this team. Know what I'm saying? Finally get some continuity. It took care of one of the hottest teams yesterday in the league. Kat had 23 to 15, JB had 21 to for Frank still killing his usual with 30. How y'all feel about that game yesterday? Man they got, they got smacked yesterday. I watched. They was beating they ass the whole game man. Killing.


So It wasn't no this Score, the final score looks way closer what the game was. Nah, that's a Fact. As It was there about them in their 40 at one point. So Almost for sure. Yeah, it was Close. I remember, listen, I just looking through some of this stuff and I seen Kat whip a pass from the top of the keys to the corner. My cat bridge Spin around. That was the weakest. A one pass cat outta pocket. That was the sickest pass ever. But Kat, Kat get a pass 'cause he cold. He could do shit like that. He made a regular pass and then did a spin move afterwards. That's How I was crying bro. That's how Brian used to do his No look fast. He used to look at you and then Hey catch. You look crazy though bro. He had to chop of the king too.


Did a ballerina spin. I said man, so this nigga out the game Richard like, alright Cat having fun man. Nah for sure Man. Listen, we talk about the C Media jail. It looks like they getting it going right now. Are they are? Are they a contender in the east? At least we'll start there. Yeah, I mean yeah, they get it going. Okay. Yeah, they they good. They a good team. They struggled at the beginning of the year. Mike Hill Bridges kind of found their shot a little bit. OG was struggling. He got back going last night. He was what? Oh for 15 It was two previous games from three or whatever. Yeah, three previous games. But the catch a straw yesterday making some shots from Jalen Brunson been good all year but they definitely got a nice groove going right now.


You can tell that they're playing with a lot of energy and they starting to trust one another but that still leaves them as the second best team in the east probably. That's the crazy part about it is you can be as good as you wanna be but you still gotta go deal with them boys up in Boston. For sure. Man. I don't even, honestly, yeah, they might be too. So I really like Milwaukee. I do too. I even though we discrediting the Cavs right now, it's just something about the Cavs. I like the Cavs, I like Donovan Mitchell. I like what they got going on for. So for some reason I just trust the Knicks a little more. I trust they they two dogs more than I trust Cleveland's two dogs.


Yeah. You know what's crazy and we've seen this before a lot of times in the NBA we have teams have a crazy regular season. But then when it gets to the playoffs and you gotta go Monte, Ima especially the seven game series, ain't no other teams you playing in between. It can get wicked. But listen, we talked about statistically is this Kat's best season so far? Ah, for sure man. For sure He balling this year. He went to New York. We thought that was gonna be a lot of pressure on him, you know what I mean? We like damn Kat, you know he be having up and down moments, you know sometimes he don't handle pressure that well I guess you could say. But he stepped Up to the plate. 20 and th 25 and 13 Elite numbers H low key. Low key. I know what he want to say.


Low key. I know what this nigga Finn to say. I hear you with this Hear key. He needed to start, start gets creeping in that conversation bro. Mm low I do it. He he he bottom seven but he, he rising. Mm He need to talk about that MVP conversation a little bit like you know what's crazy too? He's getting these numbers while playing with other people who get their numbers as well. 'cause Jaylen Brunson gonna get his numbers for garage and he's kind of taking a backseat to an extent. Yeah as far as what he's doing from a production standpoint. Even though he's still killing to make sure everybody else eating they have a good flow of the game. But man listen, he getting these numbers on that team that's elite as well. Man you gotta respect that facts. No that was a good team win for them yesterday. All them was out there having fun.


Mikel was just pulling up like open gym out there so he looked comfortable shooting the ball. That was a dope win for them. Beating a good team like the magic For sure. And listen, we've been saying this, they still doing this without their best player. I know it's, you know it's the n NBA Cup but they still qualified with this loss which is crazy. They not, oh yeah they knocked Boston out of this. They not supposed to be in this realm at all. Soon as Pa keep calling my boy Pablo, soon as Pablo went down like even I thought it was gonna be hard for them to shake after that. So they been holding the shit down. They definitely been playing Will. But I gotta ask y'all a question. Where do you rank Brunson and Kat now is a duo.


Where are they now? Because they both averaging 25 points a game. Brunson seven to six, Kat 13 rebounds. This duo you call AE and JR Shaq and Kobe. What did you call these two? Shit. Oh that's a much better combo. Step brothers two motherfuckers names Wil. Which one Wil. Which one's Brandon? Which one's Dale? That's the better question. Dale is is Jalen Brunson For sure. That was his trap. He he right up In it. Nah but on some real shit that's, that's a good question bro. They in the top five duos. They in the top five duos. I don't like them better than Jalen Brown and Jason Tatum.


I don't like 'em better than Giannis and Dane. What about Luca and Kyrie Don't like them better than them? I do like 'em better than JR than Anthony Edwards for sure. So they probably had the four or five for me. Oh I know this might be Outof pocket statement but today, today this season is it better than LeBron and ad? Nah nah mm You know what's so crazy? I feel like if the Lakers was in the east and they played the Knicks, I feel like the Lakers would beat the Knicks in the, in the series. I ain't mad again. I ain't mad at that. That ain't a crazy take it all the Lakers would be a top team in the east. Yeah top Five team. I think they, I think they would beat the Knicks in the series if that if the, you know if they was out east.


I don't like them better ad LeBron is not LeBron of course from three, four years ago. But I don't know. I just think he gonna click if he get in the playoffs. I trust him. I trust him at Ad more than Jay Broner. You like Bam, you like Bam and Jimmy more than you like Kat and JB? Nah me either because Kat just way better than both of them. Ooh way better. Mm Kat's way better than Jimmy Miller and be Mm KD and book. No I'm asleep. So Where KD and book rank? That's step four. They go in on four that make Jalen B them for my vote for five.


Okay. For the shits of a conversation I'm gonna go with Bam and Jimmy just because I've seen them click in the playoffs and get there. Obviously this is a new situation. They ain't got a chance to show themselves yet. But I've seen them produce in the playoffs now. They didn't get, they didn't get the chip but I seen them run through the East. Nah. Yeah, nah and then bam look Bam is a dog. I ain't, yeah I'm not doing a comparison like niggas is sad. I just, I just think Kat is just a way better basketball player than them. Hmm. Just, that's just my take on this shit though. Respect for sure. Like they talked about with the magic still losing, they still solidify a spot in the end season tournament knocking out the Celtics and a lot of people are like dang we don't see the best team in the league in this tournament. But I think that's the best part about it. Some of these teams that don't get to shine or may not have the playoffs success get to go get their shit off in a real basketball environment.


It's not saying the regular season ain't but you know them pressure situations hit different For sure. Yeah that's how the Pacers got, they start last year they got in the N season. N season tournament made a run and it carried over throughout the rest of the year. Yeah Over, yeah Momentum as a motherfucker because that's yours. I Got a ninth seed in the east right now. Y'all playing at a hot, y'all playing at We trying to keep shit solid. We're not sitting off my my morning with this negativity. I watch that game last night. Have Y'all 13 y'all back for that's what we are today. Nah, Didn't even have to say that About we, we did not bring the page up on eight block of any show.


Definitely not this one man. Give my man that was wicked man. Good game for sure. The Nuggets came back yesterday. Guess the Warrior one 19 to one 15? Yeah and the game on the 10 R run championship pedigrees from both sides. Yo is 38 and 10 and six. It's a joke watching him play basketball. It really is bro. Like when you after the game is over and you look at his stat line you be like man what in the hell Like he, it's a joke at this point man it just seems, I ain't gonna say it's too easy but it just seems so he's so good to look effortless. Yeah and it pisses everybody else off and I love to see it because they be trying, they hardest to deal with him. He'd just be like move, excuse me. Yeah he just gets up the court so slow bro. You have to really play at his pace bro.


People never, it is crazy 'cause they play fast but he's so slow. Yeah but People Never gonna say like he's one of the greatest centers ever. But like they won't mention him like they gonna say Ike Eja, Juan Shaq will all these people but he right there his numbers be just as do as theirs. Listen besides Will Yeah gonna say and also yeah we gotta see the video. We don't believe a hundred points yet. Listen, look what he averaging. That's crazy bro. 30 13 and 10. Shaq no offense, Shaq the most dominant center ever. I never seen those numbers.


Shaq is never averaging double digit assists. Never. Never. That's what I mean like and as Shaq we not disrespecting like you said the most dominant player ever but yeah the most dominant player. But for some of them old sinners that y'all be glorifying, YOIC is better than a lot of them. Let's be real. Yeah we gonna say freaky Mike almost put us in a rabbit hole. This man pulled up the Boston numbers of Shaq and Shaq got the same numbers in Boston. That's crazy. Shaq, Shaq will do my numbers In Boston. Freaky Mike pulling up Boston Shaq. Hey that, that's a hell way to hit a back. Talking about the most dominant niggas ever throwing Sean Shaq. He went, his last Shaq had to saved up as Boston.


Damn. Oh that's crazy. Shaq career 2310 go to his best year. What was that? We year while we point this up, who was your favorite version of Shaq, Orlando or La? La. 'cause niggas was scared of Shaq. Oh yeah he was too. He was crazy in la but I liked Shaq beat when he was in. I feel like he could've played like Yoic when he was in Orlando. Hmm. He was moving a lot better. Yeah, could get up the floor and run. He was a freak. He still, I mean Yoic with that fucking Orlando team with all them shooters, YOIC and Penny would've been crazy. Yoic and Penny would've been crazy Nigga Yo Kobe with Robert or and all them niggas shooting the pill.


Rick Fox now. Oh you put yoga strength like your team bro. It's, it's not fair bro. You might average damn near 15, 16 assist a game bro. Oh God. D Fish would've went back to the headbands fucking with Yolk. Yeah The fact that D Fish like really didn't average assists like that as a point guard really still pisses me off today. He ran a triangle bro. Like I thought he was about to say so. Duh. No ran a ain. Ready no suit. That offense ain't really meant for a point guard to get assists in the triangle. I mean I get it bro. It is just like damn like Shout To Ron Harper when you just an average person watching basketball and just knowing this nigga only average three assists and he is the starting point guard in the NBA fucking Fish gonna get at us for Fucking Terrell.


Brandon is on average 13 assists. So his basically kill it. Shaq that's crazy Shap or he average 20 this's. What? Make the game a little different. He average, well he was on a run boy. Yeah I was gonna say he been shit for a long time. 29. 29 go back Up Shank playoffs statistics are retarded bro. Yeah Be dumb. And that's another thing about defense too. For as much as his status he lackluster, he got some crazy NBA moments. 29, 29, 26, 26, 28, 26, 29, 28, 20. That's 7 27, 21, 22. Shaq went on a nice run now go to yo run yo a lot younger. Yeah yo didn't did a lot and he just 29.


Yeah Shaq had a wrong one and he got the nuggets of chip and that's not disrespected Denver but he got the nuggets of chip And to make it different though in the era they used to come down and throw Shaq the ball every time. Granted he did play with Kobe Bryant too so Yeah It could have been a little different. Yeah but yo is run, it ain't too far off. Yo yo is on a, on a six year run. Yeah a hell of a run historic run. Yeah it ain't Shaq run. It ain't, it ain't. But on a, he on a six year run. But like you said it's a lot of people that we glorify. Especially those older centers we talk a lot about. They they not fucking with yo at all. Yeah, him Averaging nine assist for the last three years is crazy But him aver in 2018, two nineteen thirty ten seven.


He might be the greatest passing big man ever. I used to give it to like motherfuckers like Vladi di Vaal but I Don't know even Big Saboni. Yeah it might, it might be yo ish bro. Oh yeah, I mean I'm just, and vdi, you know what I'm saying? Definitely could pass that rock. But I'm going yolk for sure. He average ten six right now. That's crazy. Yeah I ain't, I ain't never seen nothing like that. They got him the best they got Will Chamberlain Best passing center. I'm asleep. Them numbers is crazy though. He Did. Why is Patrick you the best passing center? He did play for the Harlem Globetrot. Yeah That's I don Bill Wild beat up there. It's crazy. Damn Hakeem Elijah, I forgot my fault. Hakeem Nah. Dream is top off you. You taking Yoic or the dream?


A Dream. Dream you taking Yolk Man I ain't mad at that. I'm out of pocket but I'm taking yo bro. I can't do that bro. I'm looking at the other people in that list. I'm like yeah they don't want no problems with yo I'm taking yo Hakeem killed in a big man era.


The ember's NBA cup is here and you can win big. Getting in on action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in a single elimination in season. Turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the Draftking Sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right, club five 20 CLUB five two oh and bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. All the on DraftKings the Crown is yours.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus you can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before. With ESP n plus. Unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves, then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in Up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On. top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora and Instacart. It's like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel. With my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app, sign up, start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on Up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the bankcorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted


Livestock com com. Cyber Monday last chance is happening right now. Don't miss out on Up to 45% off site-wide and a free professional measure. Avoid the home renovation overwhelm. Swapping out old blinds for custom window coverings delivers big results and blinds stock com makes it easy and affordable. Skip the long lines or waiting around at home all day just to get a quote with blinds.com. Shopping online doesn't mean sacrificing quality style or service. A blinds.com design expert can help you make the perfect selection. We can even handle everything from Measure to install. Get your whole home installed for one low cost With over 25 million windows covered blinds.com is the number one online retailer of custom window coverings. Don't miss blinds dot com's Cyber Monday. Last chance happening right now save up to 45% sitewide Plus get a free professional measure up to 45% off sitewide and a free professional measure at.com Rules and restrictions may apply.


Yo this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 Podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and ventures spots where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any door to yourself job. The best part is on eBay, it doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay so go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


This ain't a big man era. I'm not taking that away from Yoic but It's But you know what, back and we'll get off this topic, but when they say big man airboat some of the people that's talking about like and that's to Dominican. Some of these people obviously are Hall of Famers like Alonzo Morning Pat Ewing bro they don't want no smoker Yolk like at all. I understand that. Pat Ewing was crazy. I'm taking yo over Pat Ewing all day. Hold on. Yeah I'm on that. I'm taking yo all day 20. Shit y'all all day dj. That's disrespectful bro. Christmas put up on him. He's not holding yo. I ain't gonna say that. The Charlie Hornets Lonzo morning bro. Them niggas was Hoopers bro. Yeah bro. These 2010 niggas bro for sure about disrespect got pocket we talking about but you talking about like the big, you discrediting the big man era.


Yeah he played 85 years. Kareem played for 27 years. Yeah I mean yo nah he the best for sure. I I I'll stand on that. And that's no disrespect. Obviously they all got Bro the nineties. The nineties bigs Oh boy. Right. That no but he is playing against, I know Disrespect to Yolk but no disrespect, he ain't playing. Bitch expect Draymond Green but Draymond Green. Six six Come on y'all Guard Yoki Ain't no way in hell Draymond Green Guard Shaq. I'm just keeping it real. Huh? Wil average 23 pounds. He let's tough talk about it. Look Chamberlain ain't real. He ain't a real person.


Nah He not bro. He, he average 23 rebound and hit 1,002 20,000 women. That's not, that's real bro. That's not, that's not even a, he wouldn't even rebound off the court. Straight buckets. No Putback I don could have anything. I don't even think I shook 20,000 people in my life. Damn bro. Show the video bro. All this we need to, we need to video that game bro. All the allegations. Yeah Bro we need Nah but I, I'm not gonna disrespect that big man era like DJ the nineties was serious bro. They Were Bro And. if you put David Robinson special bro, elite Bro 70 piece like Saboni daddy special bro. Bonus Elite Rasheed Wallace special bro. Sean Kemp special bro.


The only thing I'm saying is the difference with, with the big man era, they used to get the ball now all the players was ran to get the big man a ball, you know what I'm saying? No I he played with a PJ who Played play Inside Out. Yeah they play inside Outside and for him to be the best player in the league as a, as a big man in a guard era. Yeah That's kind of, that's different show back. I respect that. Shout out to Yolk man. Steph came back yesterday. 24 and 11 Warrior are drop five in a row. It's time to be concerned. Be here. I know you wasn't too sold on them but they won a little little stinker right now For you. Y'all boys. Y'all niggas them y'all friends. Y'all don't, you trying to have me sled.


You hear what he said? Nah he ain't locked In. Y always chopping up for two hours. Nah as a, as a team. I don't fuck with the boys straight my nigga Forever. Shout to Little Train though. You a part of, you know I mean to me. Yeah I don Davis And y'all traded my nigga out there so They didn't have a choice. Nah, speak on y'all warriors. Y'all be on me when they win and they, you know I mean I'm hating Speak on them what they doing. Hey having a rough patch Buddy Hill guy come back to Lay good luck. He'll be back by Allstar Break for show Listen man ups and downs. We didn't have too many expectations for this team. Everybody was playing all their minds earlier the season.


I would say with Steve K he had to load the team but I mean ebbs and flows. Five eight lose streak is crazy but it's still ended up for the season for them to recover bro. And it was out without steps from those losses too so I ain't gonna put too much into it but you know how it goes with them. They got a championship they can figure it out. Yeah another comeback yesterday Masks came back down for 15 yesterday And your mom was out last night too. Yeah so And they smoked that game yesterday too but another comeback yesterday Mavs came back 1 21 1 16. He gets the grizzlies man Luca 37 to 12. That was a tough comeback. I was watching that game and for them to come back like they did that run they went on in the last three minutes. Come on bro. Shout out to Spencer dwi. Ever since that day we talked about him stepping up. He been hooping since Luca was out.


Nah, he been hooping. Yeah. Yeah he didn't earn his stripes back 'cause LA hadn't messed up last year. Yeah they was trying to make him seem like he was sad. Yeah. Trying to make it seem like he was dumb for and that's all it is man. People just just kind of stay outta LA bro. You said that for real bro. I said it last year when before he picked between the ca he was picking between the Mavs and la. I was like bro go to the Mavs. You had success there. I ain't say it to him but that's what I was thinking. And for him to go back to the Mavs this year and now he's figuring it out, finding his footing again. I'm hype for him for sure man. Ja went crazy yesterday. 31 and four, Disney bang 19 to three as well. Mavs the last 10 they catching a stride man. That's a team that we liked last year for sure. Yeah looking like it getting PJ back from injury.


Spencer Didley playing at a high level. Luca coming back, they about to start catching their stride for so Yeah and PJ was solid yesterday too. 18 to eight and seven solid numbers for sure. Listen man we talked about that team being the very dangerous team, they can get back to it. That's not a team I wanna deal with. Having to beat Kyrie and Luke in the series is very, very tough. Yeah I told you I think they can, they can make some noise. I wouldn't be surprised if they want it. See the thing about they team, they got so many capable players that can have moments Clay. Really? They fell off a little bit but he can have a moment. Yeah Spencer DWI been having moments we know Luca can do and we know what Kai can do but PJ Washington played great last year and now he's starting to get into that form.


You know we all love Derrick Lively so they got a, they got a, they got a chance you right For them to have one nine out of the 10 and Clay ain't doing the motherfuck thing And also Luca wasn't there, he just came back the last two games. He was gone for the majority of them games too. So Yeah Kyrie Held the ship down. It's crazy how Luca and just yo because you get to move like that in the NBA Told you bro and you Kind of don't when you see players like I say African American players and niggas slow, you like bro you too slow. You can't make it in the league. Yeah on God. Yeah the scout See you be like bro we can't have no fat point guard bro. Yeah this nigga killing in college. I get it but bro you gonna be sad in the league.


He get to that comm, they get to start how lazy and trash he is. Yeah bro outta got Luca being outta shape killers nigga in the league is is scariest bro. You damn near gotta be foreign to be outta shape bro. And they like it'll be a hooper and they like the best in the league. Yeah that's what I'm saying in the World smoke cigarettes. I know they smoke cigarettes. That's what I'm Saying like how they treated they gave him a shot. What's the big dude? Oh my god man he was on the Grizzlies last year. Y'all know I'm bad with that. Lofty, Lofty. Yeah like he just, it just don't seem like he fit in the league. He killed in college but he Can hoop though. That's the crazy part. He really can hoop. He can but I'm saying his shot is hard in the league. You know what I'm saying? He got, he got different struggles for Nick than Luca and yo that's A great point 'cause they do be like man he's too outta shape.


Yeah you gotta Lose some like hey you not even tall enough either so you fat and short but you got 30 and 50 in the G league. What you call him stubby or Yeah bro you feel like me. So your journey's a little bit. That is your NBA comparison. Kenny Under the real Bro. The last outta shape. I thought you was here King the Last outta shape nigga to be a killer in the NBA bro. And and that saying I love Zack but it was Zack Randolph. Yeah him and Mark DEA bro. For real like Zebo was doing weird. Yeah we talk about that He was built like a, he was built like a dope boy. Nah facts.


Nah real Shit bro. Got skinny legs. Big Body is Yeah physical but he was a killer though. Straight killer Elite Fe too. Yeah bro. Double double machine. Oh footwork on it. Impeccable bro. Yeah so we talking about that O Health team. I was like boy Paul Pierce at that time was about a burger away boy but he was still killing This hit Niggas was that motherfucker heads niggas falling for getting 24 25 a night. So that's just, you know that's the last of the African American breed I to get it out the mud man I asked you this nacho, is there a difference between basketball shape and like being in regular shape shape because people tend to like discredit that. I'm like yeah you might see some of these athletes they might not be as muscle defined but they're in basketball shape. Oh basketball shape. Way different from being in shape.


Like to run like this all day nonstop cutting back and forth. It's a different type of shape. Like even being in like game shape is different than being in basketball shape. Like I can be in shape to go hoop at the Planet Fitness but go play a game fighting over picking rolls. Mm Running back in transition. That's different. Yeah like even like going running miles like distance running. I can go run two miles right now. I might not have a crazy time but to go play a game. I'll be way more tired. Way more tired. Yeah. That make Hella sense. How many NBA minutes you think you play right now? Like two days in A game like and play hard. I go out there and fake it. If you just say if your knees worked like okay just everything was you perfect Today and I had to play and I had to play like I'm playing for so If playing for the Pacers today, Ah shit I can fake it on the pace.


They said I respect Lord. He said nah we he gotta go to no team. My like as if this morning we gotta send you to Charlotte. Nah but like play it in a Playoff game. 20 minutes In a playoff game where it matter. Yeah. Can you play 20 minutes? Oh 20 minutes in the playoffs is crazy. I could play probably I can give you the mo I can give you 15 minutes like playing hard because guarding is the toughest thing. I play playing guard. You gotta play, you gonna have to switch on the guards. Yeah they gonna keep switching, keep switching, keep switching. You gonna end up on the best player. You got a guard. Okay I can probably play 15 minutes. That's Solid. That's solid. Knowing that that you ain't hooped in on that level in a long time. That's still Solid. I ain't gonna lie. I remember when I ain't, when when I was in Milwaukee and I had, I didn't play for like three weeks and they subbed me in a playoff game.


I was tired in 35 seconds. I I I guard Tyler Hero off two dribble handoffs and was cooked. I was fighting hard as hell. He came off another one I was done. I was Like what you think that was though? Yeah It is game shape 'cause people, oh you know when you practice you playing, you practice you feel like you going hard but when you gotta react to somebody else that's going hard like I've been playing, I'm in game shape and they reacting a little faster, it's different bro. Hey NBA shit are different. Beast Nigga guy was Cook nigga I swear to God played 38 seconds bro. I subbed out like they like good job champ. The tide went off good work, good work. What I like baby Miss Nigga out. What's that bitch like nigga give me dog, come on Drew go get back in there.


And what's so crazy Is they know all those things. It is still gonna be mad if you don't play well because it's just like hey this is what we pay you for. I don't care if you play three, You know what's so crazy about this nigga? That's why I think he's hilarious. Let that be one of his players get 30 seconds. They wouldn't in league Like what the fuck is wrong with you Because we work harder Practice. That's the whole point. I was not doing anything I I was not in game shape at all. Oh man That's crazy man. That's hilarious man. Sun secure the spurge yesterday 1 0 4 93 but unfortunately I lost Katie the second half to a ankle injury book went crazy yesterday held it down 29 and nine. Listen man we talk about K D's illustrious career.


How many more Champs seats do you think he would've had if it wasn't for injury? Definitely one more. I think they would've beat Toronto one for sure. Sure I just gave you one. They'd had a threepeat. They might've won the year that Milwaukee when we won the championship if injuries didn't pla the whole team. I'm just being honest, I ain't trying to take, you know Milwaukee you already hate me and shit. I'm, I'll just be joking but if they didn't get hurt they were really, they was controlling that series. Yeah for sure. You talk about that multiple times. Towing the line shit. That's why I asked that question. I know obviously I think we figured they would've took care of the Raptors but that year was kind of up for grasp for sure man. Alright listen we seen what happens when they don't have kd.


Your sons, they gonna go through the stretch again or have they learned something? Well I mean injuries been kicking our ass this year so I can't, I don't really know about the ups and downs. We didn't look too good the first stretch when he was out so mm I don't know man de book. They just gonna have to step it up, turn into a killer. I think they got enough to get, get some wins. I mean having Ty Jones not out too is probably gonna help him a little bit and I don't Is Bradley Bill playing? Nah, that's up in there so yeah because they should be I don't know but you know that's, that's give or take too as well. But yeah. What's Brad's numbers? I'm sorry you scroll 17, I mean that's third option 17. Third option 17 is is solid. Especially in our injury. Yeah for sure. That's crazy man. Get well soon to the Suns man.


This NBA cup has been crazy now we have gotten through all the pool plays solidified now in the east. Your one four matchup bucks versus Magic. Who y'all got in that series? Damn Bucks not series but matchup. Excuse me. Damn, damn near. I don't know. That's a good matchup. That's gonna be a hell of a series. That's a little back and forth for sure man. Because the magic play. Well like we, we know they missing their best player but that ain't stopped them at all. They only lost like two games in the last 14 so I think the Bucks can caught a little stride though. Yeah, most definitely The I don Dunno I'll take the bucks. Nicks and Hawks. You know who we know what it is boy. We here for three C Bet the house or the New York Knicks. Let's go Hawks Be the crib. DJ Granny house, big mama house, all that.


That house own the Knicks. Jay go crazy. You already know what Trey is. Tre a Knicks killer. Take a bow. Ooh yeah What'd he say? Take your ass home. He did say that. Yeah. Damn. We like what the n NBA Cup damn DJ And I like, I like the energy 'cause you know how they feel about Trey Yogi. Yeah we might win a cup. Yeah this would be a good time for him to have a vintage performance to get there. I hope that'd be far. Go crazy. The N NBA Cup would be great for Trey. Take us to the chick. You see what it did for Tyree Halliburton? It took him up through there. He started becoming super Famous. Know what on me That's True J because you you way better than Tyree and we need to show to people and I love Tyree game. Oh but he not Trey Young.


He not Trey Young. That Is a good take Though bro. He not Trey Young, it's Trey Young Tom that turn Tyrese the fuck up. Yeah Tyree don't worry about it bro. We keeping receipts. Nah Ty but he not Tre young Trey game. I don't care on what level we talking Tre Young in college, high school NBA. He's never, he ain't Trey Young and Tre Young is one of the most disrespected superstars in the nba for sure. Yeah, Trey Young is called. I mean I gotta respect to take his high school. Trey Young was filthy fucking issue Bro. Every tre Young Oklahoma re Young. No. Yeah for sure. I'm just saying high school I. Don't know if Tyree was on that Level. He wasn't. I mean he was good but I mean Treo was a top, he was Denver with the best point guard Nation. Yeah, but we just need to get our respect back.


Okay. 'cause people had Tyrese, Halliburton better than Trey Young and it's no disrespect to Tyrese shit you, you already damn way more than I did. But I'm a Hawks alum and they've been disrespecting my dog so well one thing they both got in common, they both put belt ass in Nick so you know what I'm saying? We know what we did. Respect Garden game seven last year. Wouldn't matter. KC versus the Mav. Where y'all going? Can't let that girl go boy. Nah, that's all I got. It's all I got right now. It's real dark. Real dark. The Mavs. Ah it is a matchup right here. The this, this, this. The Western Conference finals right here. That's the best. Mm. I like that. That's the Western conference finals right here. That's gonna be a hell of a matchup.


Mm I don't even know which way I could pick in that one 'cause I'm my damn young boys is ready too. But you got season killers. I think the Mavs might take it because KC they ain't at full strength without shit. They still a good ass team Game on because


ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before. With esp n plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew stirring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in Up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On. top of that you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora and Instacarts like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel. With my travel schedule, I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app, sign up, start earning 5% cashback today. Don't just pay. Pay Terms and limits apply. See PayPal dot com slash rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on Up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 Podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture pods where designer handbags are the real deal And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any do or yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone Up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days New finance device qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Be here two teams. You do not care too much for the rockers and Warriors. What's up y'all pick one this time Niggas bro. Quit Swing me to quit having me take a take on this bro. You have to pick one. I'm gonna pick the Warriors though. Yeah, I'm gonna go with the Warriors too. My, if Draymond's playing, I'm taking the award. Yeah. If not, I'm still taking the Warrior Win Lose or draw taking the award. Yeah, I'm gonna out step back the young killers man. I'm gonna see what inmate gonna do with with the squad. Man. Respect man this is crazy. I like this tournament man. I know a lot of people was against it. They was like it is all BS but we've been getting great basketball from this so I ain't mad at it at all man. Who gonna win it all though?


Mm, Gotta pick a side. Pick a side. I do. I'll do the Mavs or the books. Mavs and the books. Oh we just pick it. Okay. You taking the books out there? Just The shit gone. You know I'm a old he C killer but see Killer. But I, I'm gonna take the Mavs of the books. I I'm gonna go with the Hawks or the Mavs. Mm Haws and Mavs. Shit it just, I just feel like for some reason it's our time. Make sure y'all clip this just in case they win. We got hot. Make that real. We got hot at the right time for some reason like when it came to this tournament. Hey listen Hawk, if y don't put that zero jersey up y'all outta pocket the way this man has showed y'all love in this show. Oh that ain't getting some, they letting niggas wear that. Somebody when I came back Here. Oh he like under Rafter? Yeah. Okay.


Return Tee. Nah, when I came back to the tee they even that dude was wearing zero. You had wear nah wear no zero. That nigga that didn't play. Yeah I was like I saying I don get my number bro. He like nah Nah That's crazy. You gotta pay me for it. I was like nigga What? Hey you, you about to Be gone In the alright. That's crazy bro. You about to be Out the league. I know that's why you went to the double Zero. Well you about to be Wild Sword League next Week bro. We on They win. Just put another zero on your shit. Don't trip gay. I forgot Buddy Day. See the were never That's cool. You and Trevor. My dog see niggas with a 44.


Hey man. And he was like nah. I was like that's wild. Gave my nigga a mascot number. That is crazy. Double zero nigga like you at Nike Camp is crazy. Hey that's wicked man. But that's how I played it in my head. I was like oh double zero. I'm coming back for the second time. Oh it was kind a Yeah It it was kind a flirt. The rebrand is crazy. Yeah That was funny. I need one of 'em jerseys man. Y'all gotta find me a double zero Team jersey. I got a double zero at the crib for sure. We needed do a studio. Man. I got a cold one too. The Peach Tree one. The black one Fire. Oh. Oh that motherfucker probably is hard. Yeah. Couple games last night. We gotta get to 76 ERs Finally got a win against the Hornet.


That's one 10 to 1 0 4. PG went crazy yesterday. 29 to eight Maxi 21 to seven B Miller went crazy. Don't even yesterday but 34. But this a good win for the 76 ERs. No they needed that. I mean we know the Mel didn't play but still but this the Paul George we was talking about we need 30 ball. Yeah. Yeah. Like this is who he gotta be now. Yeah. And be, fuck it don't take no more back seats bro. Go crazy. Like I know everybody think we probably be hating on you or talking shit but this is just what we wanna see from you P nah go crazy. You still one of them. Yeah. You just gotta show that. Yeah. And this is what we expected. And what's crazy about as I like the the balance of the conversation when we talk about Paul George, a lot of people came to comedy like y'all be hating other people. Y'all show him too much love talking about he first ballot. Don't get it fucked up. Y'all can feel how y'all want to.


Paul George wanted the coldest regardless. He he pan out but This's is how he need to play for them Sixers to be, to make a run to try to get in the playing at this point. Right. For sure. Man Y'all beat the fucking Hornets by six points and Lalo didn't play. You gotta kill bro. You gotta kill Yeah. Straight up. That's not even a good team that y'all beat. You gotta, you see, you gotta score 30 for y out to get over the hump. So Listen, we talk about if you don't score a hundred points, you sad the wizard scored 87 points yesterday nigga. We know they sad but it's just funny as It gets the points just get lower and lower. They Got smacking shit 1 18 87 by the cast.


I'm not even going over nobody's stats to just built to ass situation free guys. The Second John got that shit blank is crazy. Yeah, I'm not, I I refuse to put anything up there. Nobody steps matter yesterday when you getting beat like that bro. Just, just Read it. No. What did Donovan Mitchell have yesterday? Everybody in the CVEs was in double digits basically it was all between spread out between like 14, 16 and 18. Damn. Everybody got a piece of that yesterday. That's funny. See that Really left that who niggas just Picked Cavs wizards. Yeah, I, I refuse to put any of that up there. There was no reason to recap any of this belt to ass situation. Yeah, that's funny seeing Jordan. Poor cools in that man. Speaking of belt to ass, the Raptors got the pacers together. That's not on, that's not on it right now. But since you skipping ahead.


Hey niggas is child. Hey man. Hey, Shout to whoever sent me this whole Twitter. They Sent this split Kanye face. They was like with the happy Kanye with the Pacers win. And they said when the pace's mad, angry, Kanye niggas said, fuck everybody. Trade everybody. Hey I'm there bro. If it ain't 0 43 and Ben they can fly bro. I don't care. Fire Rick. I don't care. Niggas gotta go bro. We said RJ Bear was gonna kill y'all. I told you bro. RI told you bro. Scotty bars had 35 and nine last night. Bro. Told RJ was Bro, he on that bro. Did you see what he did this the last time he played bro, he on it.


31. Are y'all even paying attention to the score Here, look at the score 11. I didn't even fix it because it could could've just been that. That's how I felt. We got dubbed yesterday was born six Niggas. Man, We got dubbed and had a fake comeback yesterday. Oh my God. That game was terrible to watch. Man. That was definitely the Tuby game of the day. I had us fucked up into y'all two man. Get well soon. Pace we deserve better. Tyrese kill yesterday he had 30 Bob. But listen man, it's this dark season. That's why I keep holding on to last year 'cause it is looking like we are boo boo water. And if we don't make no trades soon it's gonna get spooky. Well y'all gonna trade and trade for what? I don't care at this point, if it ain't zero bid or 43 they can fly.


I don't care. Oh man I I don't care. Rick gotta go first though. I think that's the first thing that has to happen. For real, for real. It's a disconnect between the players and the coach and staff. I know all jokes and staff but that's some real shit. Yeah they they gotta figure that out as Apley. The Bucks beat the Pistons yesterday. 1 28 to 1 0 7. Shout to my bucks boy. We back 28 and a Forni is seven something Slight Dame 27, 5K, ham 23 and six. Damn K be hooping. But the Damon them they really starting to figure it out. They're starting to jail. Listen you trying to get some money. All you gotta do is make sure you go over over for Giannis and Dame. They will cover parlays for you. They bought me a couple pair of shoes last couple weeks so I got love for the books right now 'cause they cover for me every time I need 'em to. Facts. Facts.


Yeah. That's just crazy. Looking at that Raptors and Pacers again, that's out of Pocket Thunder. Beat the jazz 1 33 to 1 0 6. Yeah Jazz Man get Cooper, they they tanking for Cooper. Ah, most definitely. Or Ace Bailey or your boy Young Harper. Anybody gotta help that team. Yeah JI think they might, you know who they gonna Jazz gonna draft Who they gonna draft that boy from BYU Man They got a, I'm telling they got a wing over there. He called. Yeah he is nice. But that'd be if they get one, they can't do that. Oh nah they nah they gonna get Cooper if it's one they get, they get top get two three. I think they might not take Ace. They gonna take buddy buddy All Height though. And his jersey gonna go platinum man. What he already in Utah? Yeah, he already tapped in for sure.


He Bailey good too but he not no Utah player. Nah he ain't player. I know who, who's in Utah Player? Mm Cooper buddy. Cooper buddy. Look buddy from BYU gonna be there or Cooper be all right in Utah for sure. SGA 26 or seven. He day as the office for Show Kings took care of the Rockets yesterday. I know we was a little bit back and forth on picking that game. So bonus 27 to seven. Yeah I picked the Kings yesterday. His name Edgar Igor. Oh yeah, he, he fell right in. He go get him a car, get him a Carlon jersey ASAP Def Fox 22 and seven. Jalen Green 28 and seven baby Joker 24 and eight. Hey boy Jalen green man.


On and off the court having fun right now. Hey boy go crazy. My boy lit him young years. Keep getting them max contracts my boy Keep killing. Oh God. In a big city. You know what I mean? The world is yours out there in Houston for sure. Yo coach, you know, I mean he's, he's relatable so tap in man. Keep building. Hey man I had a picture of him and co size last year on the sideline with a laptop. They was like these niggas was on was on Norstrom by offense, wasn't going the field. I said man that's mess Up to do black coaches man you have one, two bad years you're out forever bro. Like y crazy. That's wild. Rock out little different on tender. You know it ain't on tender. They fool up.


We Ain't win the league. Hey any of you niggas in the NBAN NFL on Tinder on dating sites and all these box running around get y'all freaky ass off somewhere. Is a day profile or they catfish like the door Dashers. You know Damn being on a dating site is wild anyway but for you to be a professional athlete that don't want Yeah Somebody on your team could throw you an Uber bro. Stop. Stop bro. There's some people that's on dating. Hey what's so crazy? They probably on there, some people probably slept it left bro. Get done crazy. Somebody probably on there right now probably just, just redid the, how you take this shit off your iPhone. They on their catfish.


They probably just see Behead say that they probably delete the app off they phone because I intend to be slapping that motherfucker there. But like my space you could throw music on your background today? Yeah. Oh that's wicked I don download 10 direct shit. Look like the Clippers did play yesterday. They beat the Blazers 1 27 and 1 0 5. MP 35, I mean 30 and five. James Harden 23 and seven. Yeah we Called That. What y'all gonna call what kind of duo are they? Oh Jeff childish as fuck. Nah why you do that? You be talking about MP bro. Then you gonna say I don't think they linking up off off the court. I love Norman Powell game man. For sure. I speak how on Norman man but a duo, I ain't doing him in a duo combo Bro.


They gotta do a little bit more For That's wicked bro. This Is crazy. That's crazy. Wicked alright. Right man. A couple games tonight. See how y'all feel about RS at Heat. I don't care. Miami Brown had a party. He might not play tonight. Yeah. Dang. DNP bro. We Will take The heat. Take the heat. Alright. Magic Act Sixers. Yeah Magic Bounce back. Magic will take Magic Pacers a Nets. Don't watch it. So Tyrese probably went to the mall. Boston Heard it is New York. He is in New York. He bought a fur coat from church shoes. He gonna play good. It's always known in New York. So play. I'm gonna go with the Nest tonight. I'm going with the pace.


I'm going with the pace. No don't don't pick us. You go with the Nah I know he went shopping. He gonna be good tonight. We we don't need your energy on this side. We already got I'm a Pacer fan. I was a pacer bro. You'll be acting like it. Yeah I do. I do. You don't behave like I love a pacer. Actually let's go Pacers. They not like us. Pisses ass Celtics S Silks. Yeah for sure. Celtics Delta ass Hawks at Bucks. Ooh you gotta pick a side. They not like us but we at home the Bucks. Mm. But you know Trey go crazy. I seen you give us 40 when you was with the Hawks. When I was with the Bucks. Man shout out to Revenge game. Yeah T Wolves Act Clippers.


I got the clips. Give me the wolves tonight. Oh no, back to back. Okay. T Wolves verified buckets. Behead. Who was getting to it yesterday? Man I'm gonna give it to pg. Okay. Just 'cause we been waiting for that, you know what I mean? Glad to see you out there. You know what I mean? You and Tyres. Y'all look good together yesterday. Pause like I give it to pg. He looked like a leader yesterday For sure. I'm gonna go, you know what I'm saying. College basketball. Shout to Juju Watkins. We ain't talked about her enough on here. Smooth 40 ball yesterday. Nine threes doing what she does best. Can't wait to get to the association for sure. Yeah. How old is she? She the face of the W. She a sophomore. She the face of the W already. Damn. She got a what you gotta play four years in college?


Yeah. I was hoping, I was hoping at some point that that I don't know if it's gonna happen or not. But that rule should be changed for somebody like her, like her Paige back. They could have been, I'm not sure. She just a sophomore. It ain't no Yeah, yeah. It ain't no reason for her to run to the W. Damn. You make all the NIL money? Yeah the W need her more than she need the W mm I'm not mad. Well said bro. I seen the, the Kailyn Clark breakdown, the Kailyn Clark breakdown what she was getting for speaking and what she made as a rookie was crazy. Oh she was doing speaking engagement. Yeah. 30 minutes, a hundred bands. Respect. She made less than 80 K last year as a rookie number one pick. You know what's crack? Nevermind. I'll wait till this summer happens. Damn. Hillary Clinton don't even get that.


This nigga lying. Can't Hillary shoot a step back. I ain't never seen it. She ain't never seen Hillary off the dribble. Step back. All right. Oh Queen just at the screen for sure. Say Hillary Clinton said fix this crazy. Let you get your work done. Oh niggas is crazy. Hold it down. Shout to Monica. Yo. Wow. All man I'm, I'm gonna show some little yoke man. I know we normalized by it but 38 10 to six bro. That's you going crazy. We talked about enough in this show, but that's elite bro. That has to be acknowledged as well. I ain't gonna lie. My verified book is on the Scotty Barnes. You know he got a max deal. Some people question if he should have got it, blah blah whatever. 35 on the Pacers.


Wait a hoop And not insist on the Pacers. Wait a hoop Bro and six rebounds. Listen, if you wanna get to Max deal, just play the pictures every game you will get enough highlight content enough for them to pay you. And I still gotta show love to my boy RJ Barrett. I told y'all he was gonna kill and he's on a rev revenge tour and he'd been hooping all year. I'm glad he was able to be the what they calling a Maple Jordan? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Go crazy bro. That's crazy. Didn't they call Andrew Wicked? That too for at one point. They just passing that around up here in Canada. Just passing the niggas name around. That's nasty bro. Remixing the nicknames is crazy bro. That Is wild. Who's better before we get off this topic? Who? Who's better as a when they first came to, are they talking about Maple Mamba? Oh that's crazy. I made that up.


Oh, who was better? Who was better going into Andrew at high school? Wiggins or Arthur Bear? Andrew Wiggins straight up. People forget how good wig was. It's not even close for me. Straight up. Listen man, Wednesday boy who needs some encouragement? Be here. Get well soon. Who needs some help today? My boy Probably freaky wimpy man. He said freaky wimpy. It's to get cross by. You know another player with your play type at that height. It's crazy bro. He Did hit me with a crazy heads. Where we at with it? The heads Cross's crazy. KD is just my Lord Bro. Yeah, KD is so special. And that's KD too so you can't even be mad at it. kds so special. Right. That's man. But this them are the same. We are the same.


The he before the cross was filthy though. That made him jump up first. Lemme see it again Brody. Hey. Wow. Look at the left hand hand The cross. That's thing that sucks about women. When he's defended though, it's hard for him to shift his feet. That's, that's size 26. That's what he can, that's one of the kinks in his game bro. But is it, is it fair? It's hard for him to guard out there on the wing like that. Is it fair to ask yo Seven Five. Well, seven three Center to be guarding on the wing though. Nah, I mean not being funny but No, but I'm just saying that's a hard for him to do. People try to find like Lil Nixon in his game all the time and it don't matter. But I'm saying that's a, that show is right there and they can't move like that. That's just a good move.


Everybody get hit with song. I just say And that's KD too. He done, he done murdered a lot of people. But that's crazy with him having that type of wingspan, bro. Just contest bro. You not about to be shifting out here bro. Disco test bro. I know you'll catch him at the real bro. That gave me flash flashbacks when he did that to Darrell Arthur? Mm Yeah well Song zero yo type it in one boy. Darrell Teddy was backing. Okay, see Darrell Arthur bro. Kansas legend. That's crazy. He was so cold in high school too. For sure. That's my class. I'll turn you up. Who? Who? Your give up soon too. Ah, I'm gonna have to get my give up soon. Just the whole mines is still Jam Winston.


This is Randall. But like I'll keep replaying that prayer in my head. It's not even on the script. It's off script right now y'all. That prayer is just living rent free in my head right now. I reposted it. I'm gonna repost it again today. Hey what make it so far? He should just deliver me from pick six but that's so crazy. That's free my head. Imagine going to the alter for alter prayer. Everybody trying to get fixed. Lord I don't wanna throw no more. Pick sixes nigga. You control that. That live rent free in my head. But Jaylen Brunson man crossing up my boy man. Live rent free in my head too. Aw man.


When he crossed up KCP on the baseline hit him with that move and then the rest of the game. He kinda had him in a blender. Yeah man that is tough right there man. Looking at kcp going through that man. Listen, you know what I'm saying? We stay on Amazon, you know what I'm saying? I had to tap in finish Black Friday. I had to spin to block some stuff. I had some come in the mail, you know what I'm saying? Oh I ordered some of that stuff. I forgot what's in here. You know what I'm saying? Hey man, I everybody getting stuff man. I need to update my Amazon account man. You trying to get, you gonna try to get on the max deal from Amazon? Yeah, I need a new Amazon count man. It's a little heavy ain't There? Okay. Yeah. Damn this White the vest right here. Know what I'm saying? Know I know be here. He trying to get back active with it. But I'm gonna go ahead and slide this to Kcp.


Please stay on your feet for the Hezie my boy. I know that's jb. I know it get wicked but yeah, you know. Yeah that crossed bro. Come on man. Your right to left. That prove the weighted vest improves your posture and your strength so you know what I mean? That's so you stay on your feet baby. Stay on your feet. Yeah. You need to start training with a weighted vest. Okay. Respect. I might have to use that at school. Yeah. Oh lord. I wasn't gonna give the lethal shooter but you know what I'm saying. We'll talk about on the podcast, I use that whitey vest for something else. Well Amazon has plenty of fitness training and shout out to Yep. Your fitness goals that you got going for this. Exactly. 2025. I Wanna wear the weighty vest with the headband on. You heard me Michael?


Do the real for that too. Nah, shout out to your way the best. Get well soon. Kcp. You well soon brother. We got the way the vest for you. We'll sit down for Orlando Big dog. Make sure you get that song man. Last but not least Man D book. I know you had 29 last night, but get out the paint bro. Get out the paint man. We talking about Wimy getting hit with a crazy heads yesterday. He got his get back for show. We getting our get back right now. Freaky Mike is going crazy on the TV right now. Technology is not on my boy's side this morning. But what could de book really do? He threw a loob to a seven four dude. Like yeah, That's tough. Good. I be get out the way. I don't even count that as getting dunked on him. I like good effort bro. Good effort. Have you ever been caught under the rim like that?


Oh nigga, I would've foul Wouldn be out for the Cs. Fuck with me. Damn. See that He always taking too Far. Alright look, what was he supposed to do in that situation anyway? He gonna take the live away. Well, he like y'all hitting back of his head. I would've jumped, slapped him. Hey, there's a, there's a compilation of YouTube of your Grats? Yeah, I got some wild flavor foul. He has a compilation of him, Fallon. Yeah. I think I'm lying about that Bro. That is some sad ass shit, bro. Nigga A compilation of You can't try dunk on me bro. Started with the B Elite. That is crazy.


Why are you looking it up, bro? Well, you got, you gotta found a from Brad. I haven't seen I I What Did you do to be, I did not try to Flager. FII found the shit out of Brad. I I apologize to Brad about that one. Oh, it went to Steve Dvy about that She was out of pocket. Yeah. Why y'all playing this part? Damn, somebody. What buddy ass? Look at Drake Leno. Look at this. No, JI Went for the ball Bro. Look at that of a fo. That wasn't even that hard of a fo Nigga Fred Exaggerated that.


He, You took him out the air feel? No, I didn't look at him. He in the air. I didn't even jump. I slapped the ball. Brad, you you, you got me fine for that. Man. You was fucking though that, that wasn't that bad of a I've Never seen that one. And you got some classic Shit. My bad. I apologize man. Oh, don't happy. Don't play the LeBron. Don't do that. I know what I did. All right. Hey, this for shit. Don't play Ricky Ruby. No, we gotta play Rubio. Play the hits. Know what I did play the hits it. It is December 4th. We, I wrote it down. We play Jay-Z songs today. Damn. He gotta ad I actually know he is going crazy. You got a ludicrous ad of this boy. He been tapping. Hey, gave my nigga commercial for his sound lights.


It's crazy. Stand up. Hey little Chris outta pocket for no sideburns. Him getting braided back is crazy. Niggas getting little Chris Sideburns as wild. Okay, that's a foul. Hands up Ricky well defended. Bitch, I'm out man. I let y'all do this to Me. Oh my God bro. Hey man, we appreciate y'all too today. We'll be back tomorrow morning. Y'all be safe. Five 20 in the Morning. Hold On y'all. I gotta do my, Oh, wait, wait, wait. I'm sorry. I'm out of pocket before Dj, dj keep fucking it up. Well, I'm trying to save y'all some money. I'm sorry. This is my second time miss week. Gotta rush past this. My apologies. Sir, please tell the people they get some money today.


Get the fuck outta here. It was some hardy yards they was saying in that crowd for sure. Nah, today guys, we got Jason Tatum for 30 k Cunningham for 25. Tyrese Maxey for 25 Bam. 10 rebounds. Tyrese, Halliburton. I'm putting him on the le He gonna get 20 tonight. Anthony Edwards gonna make three threes and Jalen Johnson's going to have 25. Okay, what's the, what's the numbers looking like big? Do $500 wins you a grand total of $81,135 today, fellas. It's Christmas. Tom The crown is yours. It is.


Tap in. Use that promo code if you on the draft Kings at Club five 20. Get you a little bit of bonus money to help you with that. One more time. Be here 500 get you how much? 81,000 135 bro on the back end. Come on, save Christmas or ruin it. Either way, get your girl a Range Rover man. Or get the house repossessed. One in the one. But listen man, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back in the Morning five 20 in the Morning The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Car issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank A member FDIC.


What's good Justin Jefferson Here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with These open ear Buds. To have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey, listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly. Great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise. With Intel core I nine processors. Gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only at Lenovo dot com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan From the director of Walk the Line at Ford versus Ferrari. Anyone is Gonna hold your attention on stage. You kind of be a freak. And storming Timothy Shaima as Bob Dill. Are you A freak? Hope so. Inspired by the true story. I wanna know which side he's on this Christmas. They Just want be singing blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. Bobby, what do you wanna be? Whatever it is they don't want me to be. How Does he feel? He defied everyone. Turn It down. Play loud To change everything he our Elvis With no direction. Timothy Chalamet, Edward Norton. L Fanny. Monica Barbero. Make some noise. Bd. Track some mud on carpet. Complete Unknown. A complete unknown. Only in theater's. Christmas day under 1790. Middle without parrot.