
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Severance season two is coming to Apple tv. Plus What you all did Five months ago is one of the most painful moments in the history of this company. Our message got out, we're famous, all of us equally, or one of us is like the star. What did you see? My Audi's wife is Ms. Casey. If you wouldn't find out what happened to her, oh, she's still alive. I want to see my wife. We should have left Severance. New season streaming January 17th. Only on Apple TV Plus,


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Bur To type in a new podcast, it's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and an ad's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen


The Volume. Good morning, happy Thursday, it's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date. Everything in the sports world, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Hendrick. To my right, my brother Teague Fellas, good morning. How y'all doing? What's happen brother? What up though? What's going on man? Hey, Wednesday was a good night for sports for sure. Man. We got some really good basketball last night man. Yeah, most definitely man. Let's get straight to it man. The best two teams in the league matched up last night. The Cav took care of the Thunder stopped the 15 game win streak with the 1 29, the 1 22 Victory NBA's top two teams. Man, listen, before we even get into the stats, I know we talked about, you know, the ratings are probably not reflect how good it would be, but imagine these two teams with seven games.


Man, that was a hell of a game last night. Nah, that was fun basketball to watch. We talked about how good both teams were. I would love to see 'em with the full roster, the thunder, you know, I, the big guys for the Cavs, they really, they really dominated the game most definitely. So being having checked back and going against each other, I'd like to see that metric for sure. Man. Jared only had 25 and 11 yesterday. Evan Mobley as well had 21, 10 and seven. Like you said the bigs of the calves yesterday really took over be here. Your thunder man. What did you like see some things you like you could take from that loss yesterday? Hell no. We still waiting on the guy. That was a good win for the Cals. Okay. You know what I mean? Cavs actually like 11 and oh versus the Western conference team so Wow.


They really been smacking shit for real and ain't 19 and one at the crib. So yeah, I put some respect on em. They Having an unbelievable season for sure. Yeah, we talked about Evan Mobley for a All-star bid. Yeah and I think we gotta take a little more notice of that. I think Jared Allen is great but if for the big four, the Cavs that they get a all star nine, it should be Evan Mobley, he balling and he guards. Yeah, He's switching one through four, one through five. Really he guarding everybody. He can do pretty much everything on the floor. He didn't shoot the three good last night but he been shooting a lot better this season. So he is making himself as a capable player, two-way player and an all star type player. Them still to win like this and shit.


Donovan Mc, I'm about to call that nigga Donovan McNabb, Don Donovan Mitchell. He been struggling these last four games too. So for them to still be winning and he only, he been scoring under 20 for sure. That says a lot for now. DG had 18 as well to help out. But that is interesting that you say that. I think one thing for me with FMO is the rebounding aspect. I know that kind of fluctuates with him. Yes. Sometimes it may take away from Jared Allen but when you got both of them getting 21 rebounds and them them both scoring 20, that means they dominating for sure. Social love kc. Like we said, this wasn't a blow out, this was a hell of a game. SGA still had 30 J will had 25, 5 and nine assist. Isaiah Hartenstein had 18, 11 and eight. So like you said having Ched So you know reinforcing somebody helped him a lot last night 'cause he still ball out.


Yeah they still got hoopers. I mean SGA, we probably front runner for MVPJ will, like I said, he could get a all-star nine this year and Hartenstein told you one of the top 10 bigs in the league. It was just that matchup is a little different. You know Evan Mobley damned near seven foot and you got him going against Jay Will who's actually a two guard small forward but he's matching up with him or Lou Dork. So it's kind of a odd matchup and they took advantage of it last night. Most definitely. One thing to talk about too, the bench points, the C bench gave them 43 last night. Okay So you gave them 26. We talked about that KC team started with a bench, you know they still been playing well but in the playoffs is it gonna look different all the role than it is at home? This was a big game to try to test that. Yeah they need a little scoring off the bench.


I think when they get che back they rotations could be a little different. Yeah, most definitely. And Che or SGA can play with the second unit a little more and they probably get a go-to player or J will and they'll give 'em a different look in they rotations. So right now having to play J Will SGA alive at the same time, they don't get the same scoring to get off the bench or in that second unit. Most definitely be him. Do you think y'all need to grab somebody else off the bench? That could just be a bucket for them but just wait to see how it works with check get there. Nah, We straight, we don't need nobody y'all the other teams need pieces. We good. Yeah They just need to switch the rotations. Yeah they just need check to get back so somebody else can play with the second unit. Yeah. We missing a value valuable piece. We missing our zenas.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So that's when bro get back, we'll see what's up. I wanna ask y'all this. Between these two teams, who has the best chance of coming outta their division? We conferences. Excuse me. I would probably say OKC. Okay. Yeah you talking about to get to the playing the championship, you have to get to the finals. Yeah. KCI feel like the west is down this year they got capable teams but obviously you got a young Thunder team who's second in the west and a young Grizzlies team who got veteran pizzas but Ja in and out of the lineup and we know they only move as far as Ja go, especially in the playoffs. The nuggets of veteran team championship team and fourth yogi's been hurt the last couple of games he been out but I don't know if I believe in Denver right now.


I think OKC can get past Denver. Mm. But If they keep they same roster. Yeah I don't know Now if they can get a piece, shit can get different. Everybody else I feel like they gotta get healthy. I don't know how good the Mavs are right now. Yeah they got Kyrie out. I don't know if they come back healthy or whatever. I don't really know. They're up in the air. Everybody else is pretty much awash for me. I think they can beat everybody else. Most definitely. I'm all with that in the cab situation. I think that the unfortunate part, I mean they're playing great basketball, we got some respect to it. I don't know if they can beat this Celtics or the Knicks in the series yet. I'm not a hundred percent sold but granted with them being number one, they don't gonna have to face one of them which is gonna be to their benefit.


Yeah. 'cause those two will probably see each other before they get to them. But I'm, I'm scared for them to face up with Milwaukee. Mm. So that you know that one five or one four whatever they end up being matchup in the same I'm scared for that. Yeah that's not a good look for that because Giannis and Dame, Chris Middleton, they're proven scores. Proven champions Dame. We know what he does in the playoffs. I don't know if the Cavs have a guy who could do that. I mean Donovan Mitchell had big playoff runs but he hasn't made a deep, deep playoff run like Giannis you know and finals MVP, Chris Middleton, Kerry teams in the finals. I don't know if they could match up well against Milwaukee.


It might be a tough game for 'em. Tough series Milwaukee don't got no bench though. I think I agree with you but what if Cavs bench keep improving then it could be shit I don't know. What did I just say Chris Milton coming off the bench now so yeah that's the but also you gotta think the playoffs tune to the pop for that conversation in the playoffs. You gotta think seven man rotation. Yeah At most people playing 45, 45 minutes a game, people don't really come out like Yeah Most shit. Trust me, I was subbing there for 30 seconds. Biggest one coming out bro. Yeah, some different knees bro. I'm just saying like 32nd Knees bro. Yeah It would be.


That's crazy. The rotation force, the rotation tightened up for real. Nah for sure. So like, I mean Milwaukee really built for the playoffs to be honest. Yeah they got two people who could dominate a game for you. They could dominate together and you got rotational players who's gonna help And you got Coach Chris voice sexy this what the fuck No. Damn Jerry Wade R Pizza Nigga. I'm like what the fuck? Call sex line. Hey we don't got PTO five 20. I had to show up under the weather this morning. We could go. Exactly. Yeah call me on 1-800-GET-YOUR draws what? Dot com. Hey that's crazy What this say since the Slimer You are sick.


The Nuggets beat the sleeves off of Clearage yesterday. 1 26 and 1 0 3. Joker missed the game. It still didn't matter. Russ Brook held it down 19 six and eight. Jamal Murray had twin one and nine. NPJ had 19 and eight and Peasy balled out. He had 30 and James Harden had 16. But man we, we called this game yesterday. Yeah, Yeah I had, I had Faith in the clips but you know what I'm saying, they, I don't know man. James gotta, James can't have them type of stat lines. We need too much from him. We blaming James for this Loss not blaming him for of the loss. I'm just saying he can't have 16 three and four. You got 16, three and four of Kua playing.


Okay. You know what I'm saying? But he just had an off night. Well Kua missed it because of the, you know, obviously what's going on in prayers up to those during end during what's going on in California right now. That is insane. And yeah, that's crazy. Thoughts and prayers everyone affected for sure. He missed a game yesterday to be with his family with that situation. But I don't know man. I think with Kua gets back, you know what I'm saying, actually playing full time back to back. I think the slipper scheme gonna be all right. I think they just, you know what I'm saying, trap game yesterday, it happens all the time. Don't be real Bro. I don't think they gonna be all right on him. Come back bro. I don't either. You don't think So? You don't think they can be out, you don't think he can coexist with this team? Nah, he can but I don't think they gonna be good. I mean damn. I mean they could be good but I don't, I don't look at them as a real factor on the west.


Yeah. I mean I'm not gonna say that but I mean I'm, I feel like Kakowa should go give you 20. I feel like it's KC West to lose like Yeah They, they been in the playoffs, they had a year under they built and it's like now they at that point where it's like we gotta make one more step and I think think that step is getting to the finals. Yeah. I'm about to say a motherfucker trying to wash my mouth but somebody missing 40 games bro. It it, it is tough to come back bro. Okay. Y is a great player bro but he ain't gonna really make no huge difference for them. Nah, No I opposite side that's a nuggets, you know what I'm saying? Handle him like this without Joker. I know we just talked about the playoffs situation but I feel like that's a team that you don't really wanna see joker four times bro. Nah.


Yeah like outside of OKCI feel like that's a bad match for Dana to anybody else. 'cause I feel like he can go win three games and Jamal Murray and m PJ can help him get them another one. At this point they just gotta start Westbrook like he's playing so well with the starting lineup and they playing well as a team. Joker out whoever joker in, he's playing at a playing great. He's that role player that they needed and he's kind of like helping Jamal Murray manage the floor. Jamal Murray is really a two guard at heart. Yeah. Off the fan. Westbrook is a point guard at heart and he knows how to get those guys the ball to be affected. But also Westbrook has this weird ability to play big man like him and Drew Holiday, the only guards I know and and Rondo who can kind of play like a big man.


They can set screens, roll, get in a dunker, get offense rebounds and stuff like that and kind of like a Aaron Gordon thing but he is a point guard it. It is weird but Westbrook is special with that. He's been doing it his whole career. It started really, I started noticing that in Houston he was going up there saying screening Rose for James Harden. I'm like what the hell is he doing? Yeah. Russell Westbrook slipping the screen is crazy. Yeah but he's figured it out. He is made a role for himself on this team and he is a very important piece. And we gotta talk about NPJ too though. Yes sir. Like we always talk about his defense and how he, how he doesn't play defense or whatever, but the way he's shooting the ball this year, he averaging 19, well I would say it's the third option but he is shooting 50 and 40, 50 from the field. 40 from the three. Gotcha. Respect.


And it is kind of crazy like we don't really give him too much love. We talk about him pulling and being a gun but if you that efficient, why not shoot shit? I say that and this, we get these jokes out but that's why they pay him. Yeah you a hundred million dollar man because you get buckets. You not paid to get assists. He had two assists last night, which I thought was funny. But you look at the stat line between Russ book and Jeral Murray, like you get 40 points of both of them and then you get what, 17 assists. Yeah. That's elite from both of y'all starters to get that. Yeah, for sure. I'm sure he wanted them to assist back. Said Fuck, he probably wanted two more shots. Lemme Get. I can take these two back. What up? Oh okay. We got a live question from the chat. Hold on, hold on. Alright, so somebody asked ut haw ho getting booed in his moves.


Is he top three? Top three rest of all time? He got booed in his, his top three moves. All he did was all he did was the fucking leg drop. Oh. What's my top three finishes? Oh that's a helper. Oh this is a sidebar. We talking WWE now my top three finishers. I love the RKO, Randy Oren, Whoever did that was a Gump. I love the, I also, I used to like the torture rack from Lex Luger because I used to put my little brother in there. Paul. Yeah that was, and I'll probably say SoCo stunner 'cause everybody was running around trying to stun everybody.


Yeah. Shout to the Aquarius Hill. Shout to him man. Shout to the Aquarius boy. What's some names in this one? Charlamagne. But yeah shout, shout out to the nuggets man. They looking like way Man. Shout to the Aquarius. I should probably just say Sweet Chin music. Nah, I ain't like the kick shout. Michaels used to kick the shit man. I know I didn't like the kick. Hey Give Hey, hey man. Give give the to knowledge man. Man. Hey, hey. Somebody wrote me B tell B here and his drunk ass. Stop hating no wrestling. That's exactly what they wrote. Tell drunk ass hate Wrestl. Here you go. Sharing messages. I was just telling you what they wrote.


I was Laughing. Oh Shane wrote, I was just laughing but there enough they wrote that I was Rob and I was like look at it. Hey no wrestling start, start teeing up on, I didn't say nothing about wrestling. I that was the movie we was talking about. We appreciate you for tuning in and I hate you gotta to get a shot this way. Don't send no more fucking money bro. Asking no questions about no wrestling though Bro. Man stop hating bro. Hey take his tickets back ww He cannot go to Royal Rumble. Oh yeah but Charlotte. Huh? He said He asked another question. Alright, what's the other question? Come onus, I'm rocking with you. Come on dq. Damn.


Oh nah, nah, nah. Y'all pocket watching to tell Y Hey no dq but nah man keep your bread bro. You fucking up the show man. This nigga stop extra. Talking about putting niggas in torture racks and shit. This is a sports show. It is a sports show. WWE a sports bro. No It's not. It's an activity. No, it's on ESPN bro. Act. Alright. All right. Motherfucker put him in. I hope one them niggas just spiral you one day. This for rest. This for rest is crazy. For the love of the game is crazy. Oh my God man. Oh Man. The books them boys alone. The books took care of the Spurs yesterday man. Real.


Yeah. Weby walking in suit was crazy yesterday. I don't know if y'all seen that but he, he his fit to come to the game yesterday. I knew they was gonna lose. Dame had 26 and eight. Giannis had 25, 16 and eight. Brooke Lopez had 22 at seven. CP had 18 to seven win. We had a double double with 10 and 10 the bucks made my team threes last night bro. And when they hitting like that they gonna be there Everybody. Yeah they a good team. I mean they got Hall of Fame players like we know they got the abilities to run off of bunch of games in a row. They got players who can take over games at any point in time and they got guys off the bench who can get hot. Bobby Porters can get hot now. Chris Middleton supposedly coming off the bench can get get hot.


You got capable players all over the board. It's a team that we should see in the Eastern Conference finals probably most definitely. Listen, they got the top scoring duo in the NBA at 56 points per game. Are they the best tag team in NBA? I mean this is debatable. I mean you got a couple of teams that got nice duos. Luca and Kyrie been out. So right now Jason, I'm not mad at that. Jason and jb. Yeah I gonna say I'm gonna go with that about the chance they they still a great duo. Duo but Gson Dame, you can't go wrong with that. Nah bro. Top 75 2 Hall of Famers. Hall of Famers. Can't go wrong with it. Yeah, I'm not mad at it.


I'll take them too. A hundred percent. Most definitely. If you were to start a team. Yeah, I'm gonna take them too. Yeah. I disrespected JT and jb. I know they just got a ring together but yeah they got a lot of other pieces that make them great too though. Yeah. If I could put some, build my team around them. Yeah, it's a different conversation. Yeah. But yeah man the bucks man. You talked about it. They know caught a stride. I remember Doc was getting a lot of hell. Especially on this show. Yeah, it's been quiet man. They've been looking like a contender for show. Yeah. San Antonio. What y'all think they need to do? They need to add any pieces to just see how the course goes this year and just getting the playoffs.


The NFL playoffs kickoff this weekend and the action is always heating up on the field at the draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits if you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Playoffs. We're talking about playoffs. You bet we are. Get in on the action at DraftKings sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning in the playoffs. And you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six. Go to the Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sports Book app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see d kng.co/audio.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah it was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin Tell about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts. Burke That sure of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our business week buying power column. Very Few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays. On Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


I mean they goal is just to make the play. They probably didn't even wanna make the playoffs. I mean, I'm not gonna say nobody wants to compete. They probably want to get another solid piece in the draft. But if they could make the playoffs, I'm sure they, they will. They're not mad about it. But they could get another piece in the draft. It's a young team that could be good. Yeah. Every everybody don't need a piece. Yeah. So somebody just, just rock out with who you got bro. Yeah, like they could just get another guy in the draft. Like if they could get a young talent in the draft. I mean I think it's a deep enough draft where they could find some guys, if they can get the top eight pick, I think you'll find a good quality player at eight. Now I asked y'all this question. Do should they try to build through the draft or should they just acquire assets and then try to get some people to come hoop or wimpy?


Well, I mean Wimpy's a attraction. I think people will like to play with Weby but right now nobody wants to be in San Antonio. I'm just being real. It it is a tough place to probably get free agents to go. Facts. In the past they were such a good team that people would go 'cause they know had a chance to win a championship Right now. Especially at the telling end of their career. Yeah. Right now it's a, a young team. They got a CP because of the money and he got a chance to start and play. He still wanted to do that but not too many other people gonna go there. Now if they get a young guy, young point guard who want to link up with win and think they can start something, man that's different. And Kas looking like we're good the year.


Yeah he he can hoop man. Yeah, he, he he seen showing some flash. I'm saying so do you, if you're the Spurs, do you spend, you know, some money and try to go get another point guard like or Trey for like a Dere Fox or Trey Young or whoever it is. If you do you do that or you let Castle just build and just become the point guard of the future? Because I think you play point, I mean shit, if you got the opportunity to go get one of 'em two tight players, I think you go get 'em. Mm. And then I mean obviously they can play alongside 'em, that's gonna be even better for him. But if you can go get two point guards to that caliber who are two great point guards we talking about Yeah. Make it happen 'cause you got the money to spend it and then you can just fill in a roster that way. Yeah but you know you gotta Tre Castle. Yeah if you go T trade for of them there, people's asking for him.


Oh yeah, he yeah he's outta there. That's all. You don't think San Antonio could, I mean they got draft cap, you don't think they could throw a couple pictures there and make it done? If I'm my star Point, if I'm re tre Young Castle has to come to Yeah he, he's the first person I'm asking For. You gotta come to the Lord bro. Yeah. Like Respect. Yeah. So I was just wondering if, is it worth trading him for one of those guys? I mean still if One of guys is ready to go. Yeah, it To be determined for sure from the chat that says is it worth trading Chris Middleton? If so for who? That's a very tough question. I don't know who you trade Chris Middleton for at this point. If he's injured and you can get off.


If he's not gonna be able to play like Chris Middleton. Yeah you trade him but we don't know. Yeah but 10 Knights in the ankles when Yeah if the most important thing once them start going ankle feet you you're done. Yeah. Big mama arm it get spooky up for that. Yeah. So I don't know. I don't know. I think you gotta wait one more year. I think you give them finish this year out, see what they do and try to get him in the trade market. Chris Milton what, 33? Shit, he looks 60 Boy. Boy you look 30 Boy got a different lineage. But yeah, I Don't know how old Chris is. I think he, he might be young. He might be fairly young. He older Or younger than be, he probably be 32. Oh he is definitely younger than bead Might Be 32, 33 I 33.


He got some more years left. You know A few. Yeah he got a few left For sure. Man. He came into the league late didn't he? League? Nah, he just in the league. How years he in the league league? He been in the league for a minute though. 12 years. Yeah, he was in Detroit twice. He been in the league a minute. Yeah he Came in here when he was 21 for sure. Shout out to Chris Milton. Man the Knicks took care of the rappers yesterday won 12 to 98. Kat had 27 to 13. OG had 27 as well. Josh Harpers killing yesterday. He had 2111 to seven and IQ had 22. The knick star scored 98 of the one 12. Do y'all see this being a problem in the playoffs or just this fits right into 10 game plan. This is the playoffs. They only gonna play five, six people. So that's how it's gonna work.


The only thing is can they make it to the playoffs playing this way? Mm. Are guys gonna stay healthy enough to make it? Yeah. You know playing 40 minutes a night for 82 games is crazy. So I'm a little nervous about that. Will they make it to the playoffs healthy? 'cause last year Brunson got to the playoffs and was banged up. Yeah he was hurt as he was hurt. Couldn't do nothing. And that that hurt the Knicks a little bit. Do he, do he make it to the playoffs healthy? I don't know. That's the question for the Knicks. Can they get there healthy? Yeah they have a league low scoring the bench. I wanna ask that question 'cause I mean obviously we know when they're final all ERs. The Knicks is harder to deal with. But any, the occasion you're in the playoffs and some of those role players have off nights. You gonna have to rely upon somebody.


Do you rely upon KA and JB to take you home every time? They not gonna have a, they not playing. He said they just not gonna get no run the the Knicks. I'm telling you. Okay. They gotta be healthy to the playoffs. If they can get they five starters to the playoffs, they be good. But if anybody get hurt it is quiet for the Knicks. If they don't play nobody. So do you think Tiv might open up the rotation throughout the year just to make sure they don't limp across like they did last time or he just gonna be on what he on? That's the world will never know. We've been saying this since the Bulls. Touche. Touche. He still don't give a damn. You know what I mean? So shut up. And who he been saying this from The Bulls last year. They had Alec Burke and some guys step up with people with hurt. Alec Bur was killing it. He, I don't see, I mean I don't see if they got anybody like, well Landry Shaman can play Cameron Payne can play.


Yeah. Miles McBride. I don't know. Yeah McBride, he been out but they got some capable players on the bench. I just don't know if they, they got Tyler color to deal with TJ Nash. I don't know to get to play. It's not gonna be Jericho Sims. Yeah, but listen man, like you said the Knicks, they hooping right now man. You got OG averaging about 17, Josh Rider about 15 and Bridges at about 19 and your two All Stars getting about 20, 25 a piece. That's a hell of a team man. But if you watch that games, his rotations are a little different though. Mm. He keep a couple stars on the court at the same time they get out the game. They just rotate. They stars with the second unit. They just, they keep, they got enough to do that though.


Sense? They keep a good player on the court all the time. Yeah, they got a hell of a team man. I know how I felt about my next take this year. We'll see if it comes from fruition. A couple more games last night. The Bulls beat the living shit out the Bulls yesterday. Oh the pasts? Yeah. Patriot, excuse me. 1 29 and 1 13 6 in the east right now we at the last four wins the Pistons. They done got eight or eight last night right now sitting in eighth. And then I think your Hawks is seventh gonna ask you who you think we already have our conversation about that. Do you think y'all finished higher than the Pistons? Think we gonna finish hiring the Pacers? The fuck is you talking about? Oh what, where we at right now? We are six. Oh okay. And these niggas gone. It's a three. I'm saying y'all. Y'all right next to the Pistons.


Y'all 19 or eight? Yeah it's a game away from me. I'm just saying do you think y'all can be hired the end of the year than the Pistons? We gonna be hired in the Pacers. That's Don Don't speak on us. I'm asking about the Detroit Pistons that Jerry Wayne shut out the door. I called Michael pto tell we already use it. You don't think so? But y'all know how I like the Pistons though. I talked about that like when the year first started I said the Pistons got some veteran pieces that's gonna help Young Core. They got Jay I even getting hurt. Yeah I hate to see that. But it activated some guys like Tim Hardaway has been great. Some of these guys been playing at high levels and K Cunningham is an all star.


Most definitely. He's been doing his thing. He's having an all star moment. But Trey Young's being having an Allstar year too. So it's a, it's a, it's a battle. I think we all make the play in. I don't think we all, I don't think we're gonna do anything special. I don't think we're about to make it to the Eastern conference finals but Trey got the ability to go on a run. I was gonna say now to be, to be fair out all that, I know that we probably playing basketball the way we supposed to but y'all do have a star in Reon that I would fear in the playoffs and he'd been on the run before. I mean he's been there before. Yeah he's made it to the Eastern conference finals. He is been on a run and he got the ability to lead a team and get 'em back to in a hunt in the playoffs. I don't think they gonna make a run like that this year. I think the Cavs Milwaukee Boston. Yeah they solidified theyself this year as a team to be reckoned with.


I don't know man. It's interesting though. It is a good year for the east though. Most definitely. We thought we would be other way around for sure. Yeah, see Yaka had 26 and six yesterday. He was killing Zach Levine had 31 yesterday. A boy auditioning for show free that man. Yeah. Can't wait to find out where he goes. Yeah most definitely. 76ers beat the witch yesterday. 1 0 9, 2 1 0 3 or least Maxie was killing yesterday. The game Six bull. Hell yeah. And shout to Eric Go man, hey five for eight. Everybody been sending his low lights and saying he's done and he's cooked. He got a chance to start and had a good game for sure man. Shout to ej. Had some shots still out there holding it down. Yeah Pistons like we said took care of the next yesterday one 13 to 98. Like you said Malik Beasley got an opportunity to hoop yesterday and he killed.


Yeah if had 23 and five yesterday, man you gonna get another paycheck boy. I see you run It up. Hell yeah run It up for sure. The Blazers beat the Pelicans yesterday. One 19 to a hundred. Zion did not play. He was nothing on the back to back Respect Uhuh. I hate that bro. I ain't that in the NBA man just hoop bro. I been down a month man. I gotta take my time bro. Yeah you can't. You can't rush it though. 'cause he played a back to back fucking round be out for another year. They was, they was laughing. They were just like we gonna show that that Zion with me and then he not gonna play the next game. Lo and behold. I Mean y'all knew that though. I guess That was far good one to focus but I got plenty of games and I wanna see how I feel about him.


He like, this might not sound right but he like one of them pops that like come over every three years like you get hyped when you see your dad like oh my pops pulled up. Then he'll come back around for like two years. I got a couple nigga daddies like that. Yeah. So you said Zion what Smith Daddy? Yeah he perfect. That's who Zion is. What was that nickname daddy on that show? Brian Kirk Frost? Yeah. On the news show. Nah. Oh nigga I almost die. I tried to drink. What? We'll say why you love me man? Why you want me man? Why you want Me? He really crying Man.


Dang Zion, that's Zion bro. That's crazy. I Don't know nothing about it. You come Around man he hype as hell when you seen is it Lou? Lou? Yeah. There we go. He Lou. Yeah That sweat off my nigga name Carlos like his name is Lou. He come around Zion Smith. We hype as hell. He gonna be missing for two more years. I can't wait until you go to another team and then play like four years in a row with no health issues. It's gonna be fun as hell. That's what's gonna happen bro. This is literally what's gonna happen. Who worse? Him or Kauai? Kua Kauai situation. Different Kawai Bro. You think Kauai worse then? Yeah bro. At least Kawa gave us some five, six good years. He did. He Did. Zion haven't gave us kw solidified his career and got rings.


He did something that a lot of people have never done. Nah. Yeah I thought you just meant just for the bullshit. Nah, nah. I'm saying like, see he he do more bullshit because I got rings. He like I'm already proven. Nah, I ain't prove it is not even, that's not even a question is Kawa. No I'm saying Landslide saying I'm just talking about how they sit out. Antics. Yeah, how they sit out Ka bro. Is Kauai worse than Zion? Yeah bro. Kawhi don't give a fuck bro. Motherfucking Zion is battling health issues. Bitches, shoes, wardrobe mal, fuck this. All that shit Got on dietary restriction. Ka just like hey I'll Be there when I get there saying fuck it. Like I respect he's the first Hooper to ever work from home. He's a goat for sure. Raptors at CVEs.


Cavs bro. That's last. That's a dub 21 at the crib. Wars at Pistons. Pistons? Mm. Gimme trace now I got Pistons. I need the Warrior and win tonight so they can lose tomorrow. T Wolves at Magic. The return P five back. I got the magic. I'm taking my dogs but damn pb. I don't know. 'cause the minutes I'm taking the wolves, the magic, magic been winning without everybody so I wouldn't be mad. I'm gonna go Magic. I'm I think a gonna kill though because like you said, they just gonna win a game for no damn reason. Rockets Act Grizzlies. This should be a hell of a game. I'm like that. I'm gonna go with the Rockets.


If Jah playing, gimme the Grizz. Ja ain't playing. Y gonna say I don't think he's playing. I'm gonna go Rockets. Blazers at Mavs. Ooh that's gonna be a mid off today. I'm gonna take the, I think Ja is playing. I'm taking the Blazers. Taking the Blazers. Yeah, I'm gonna still roll with the Mavs. What you got here? But I'll take Blazers for Sure. Hawks at Suns Sons. I'm gonna go with the Hawks man. I'm gonna go Sons Heat at Jazz. Heat. Heat, heat for sure. Hornets at Lakers. Hornets home. Homecoming from Line for what's my nigga name, Lalo We going for 40 tonight.


Yeah, I'm taking over the Melo points but I think Lakers gonna get the dub. Nah, Lakers weak bro. I would, I would love for LA to go get 50 and get it up like that would be hilarious. At the crib man. Yeah bro. Hoop out. They playing. Hey at the Lakers too. Yeah. Yeah he might clown. Yeah. Hoop out bro. Get a 50 piece clown bro. Yeah, we at the crib clown For sure. Alright man in the NFL Wild car. Shout off this weekend. Ask some of y'all choices on this. We got chargers at Texans. I got the Chargers. You got the Chargers for sure. Texans. Houston all day. Turn up. Steelers at Ravens. Ravens. I'm Going Baltimore for sure. I want the Ravens but I don't know. I'm gonna take Ravens.


That's gonna be a hell of a game for sure. Yeah. I don't trust Russell Wilson. I'm going Ravens. Me either If you don't Metro. I don't trust You. Shout to the dog Got in the field. Fuck Russell Broncos at Bills. Bill's about to beat the sleeves off them. I got the Broncos man. You, you rocking with Bo Nicks? Yeah I got the Broncos. The bills always do some, some flaky. I mean they be playing well in the playoffs. They do running to their Kansas City chicks a lot. But I'm gonna go, I'm gonna take the Broncos. All right. Sure. Turn up. I'm gonna rock with the Bills. Packers at Eagles. Eagles. Yeah. I hate to say this but it probably will be the Eagles. Yeah, I want the Eagles to win Commanders at Bucks.


I went with Commanders man. Terry turn on Commando tape on from the crib. Turn up Commandos. I ain't gonna say pause. Respect. Jesus. It's crazy on this show. No, I'm sorry I was You said go on Commando playing football. I'm goos With a bunch of guys. No pause, respect. I got it. That's crazy. Do you think MJ played 22 seasons like LeBron? Would it be a close conversation? Close conversation with what or who the goat is? I mean I don't, it ain't even a con. It is a, he played 13, he's barely one now what we talking about? He played 22 seasons. That shit would be a landslide. Like who?


That should be close. That should be Throwing them near another 10 on that nigga at LeBron's health rate. Shit, It would've been crazy. Yeah, if Jordan would've had draft Kings later in his career. Oh yeah. He'd have been killing. Yeah. Artie. I don't know about that question my boy They pay 10 for that. Yeah you was wilding. You gotta bring something better for that 10. You crazy. Hey man, also Vikings at Rams. Spend that on your work wife. That's our Panera order. Right. There We Go. Vikings. I got Rams. Ah at Rams. I might take the Rams. That's one. I'm going with Vikings For sure.


Notre Dame, Penn State tonight. Let's go Penn State. Are you walking with Penn State? Let's go and you already know who I got on Friday. Y'all know who them boys is You taking Texas Friday night? Shout out to My name is Phil Lu, man. Notre Dame. Alright with Notre Dame. Just man, I Got shout out to Just because the family, Ohio State, ver Texas Friday night team. I already know who I got. Come on, let's go. Buckeyes don't play around. Been an Ohio State fan since AJ Hawk a real fan. Okay, turn up. Alright, be here. Who's getting to it yesterday? Verify buckets. That's nigga man. Swear To God bro. That's the first. Alright Bro. Shout out to your Lord bro. I'm give my 27 bro.


He don't even like Kat. I do. Kat. That was my pick. Kat. He killed his boy. What he he don't even like you. He Probably, he probably don't. That nigga always talk shit. Fuck With Ka. He don't even funny Kat, fuck with me. Fuck it all. Shout to Cat man. I got text you nothing probably changed. Cool. Most definitely Stupid. Oh man. I'm gonna go with Jared Allen. Man. 25 and 11. He went crazy yesterday. Show They the best bigs in the league. Shit cool. Him and Evan Mobley, they Popping shit. They the best tan, big, big tandem is what they saying. Yeah, I'll take them.


Yeah whenever Moby playing like that bro. Yeah it is tough to argue against it for sure. Yeah. I'll take them Bad. I'm gonna give, I'm gonna give Giannis and Dame some love. They both played great. Killing, leading duo and scoring. They both did what they was supposed to do last night. Big games for them. Show man. Last but not least you man. Gotta show some love. 31. We know it is getting common. We still gonna always respect that last one of the week. Be here. Get well soon. Who need to go into this weekend with some encouragement? Probably Brooke Lopez man. Yeah Brooke. I be low. Yeah he was hooping yesterday but you know what I'm saying. Shit got wicked too. I don't do that. Young fella. Hey What he doing? Still hustling boy. You got, he dunk that nigga drunk.


Why you still hustling boy? Done punched on you. Look at him. No then what he aint miss? Like what doing That's, That's and Brooke's so funny. He probably like Oh my bad. My bad dude. I didn't know you made. Yeah CT looking for that bro. Whistle was there bro. He probably tapped him like my bad bro. I didn't know you made. I know Why he did That because Brooke is so cool. He like the nicest guy in the world. He came Nah, I don't do that to Brooke. Brooke Just read com comics all day. Shout out to Brooke man. Alright. They live on Disney World. You know that? Yeah, that's, I remember he told that story. That's crazy. They got a different type of paper. Yeah, that's crazy.


Where they go? Stanford? You know where they went man. What is his brother still in the league? I don't know Robin. I don't think So. Keep a job. I don't think he in the league no more. Oh he the dj. Augustine the Bigs. He always somewhere on the end. Somebody bench randomly. I used To fuck with around Robin was a clown man. He was the first one. I seen him do this when he hit the three. I said that that's Did that. No that's what I always fucked with Him. Yes. That's tough. You know what's so crazy? Bri Lopez didn't use to shoot threes at all. Nah Jersey He was just post work. He Was always the better brother Though. And he was 20 and seven for sure. He was always the better brother. For sure. Without a doubt.


Ah shit. I man might get bus go to the Wizards and the Raptors six to 29, 8 and 29. Boy y'all camping for flag right now. I get it. But this is nasty work for guys. The whole bottom east is filthy though. Yeah them last three teams in the east are ridiculous. Who is it? Washington, Toronto, somebody else ass but bad, bad vibes. Oh. Hornets like the Hornets are definitely down there for sure. Pauls but at least they got Lalo be Mill. Yeah we straight bro. Future is bright. Yeah I guess for sure. Got get well soon.


Get well soon to the chat. Oh me, Y'all still asking for Charleston? The Corey is your daddy need to kick you the back of your ass. What's sending it to you? That money for that? Nah, You asking me wrestling questions? I'm really tapped in Dr. Charleston it's it is there. You just gotta go pay for it. Yeah, tap in Patreon. Link in bio for sure. Alright man, listen man, a lot of great games going on this weekend. Be here. You got something for him today? They trying to get a little paper. Yeah, I gotta crash out. Mike said fuck your crash out. Mike said we gotta re relax a little bit but I'm going crazy today. Stephan Curry 20 5K Cunningham 25.


There is Garland 20 all Anthony Edwards 30. John Marin is playing today. 25 re young 25. Yes he is. Be quiet Tyler Hero 25 Lalo. We going crazy at home with 32 50, 70 4,361 on the back End. Do not play that crash. Two 50 for how much again Brody? 74,000 360 1 on the back end. What's something like man like two 5,000 on Penn State being Notre Dame to get you 5,500 you'll be stressing for no reason for that 50. She gonna put you out. Everybody gotta leave. Fuck to get.


We get prayers up to everybody going through with the LA Man's crazy out there. Get well soon for y'all. We will see y'all Monday morning. Be safe this weekend. Five 20 In The Morning for sure. The Volume.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd na Kin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Dem. Jason Demers here and after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on Let table Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all Every day in just 15 minutes. We dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays, breaking down everything unique to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts, and you will be glad you did.


Happy Holidays from me, Michael Rappaport, and my gift to you is a free subscription to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast, where I discuss entertainment, sports, politics, and anything and everything that catches my attention. I am here to call it as I see it, and there's a whole lot of things catching my eyes these days. Listen to the Im Rap Report stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, and wherever you get your podcast.