
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


The Made for This Mountain podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during mental health awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times big economic forces show up in our lives in small ways. Four Days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one Small but important ways from tech billionaires to the bond market to yeah, banana pudding if it's happening in business. Our new podcast is on it. I'm Max Chaffin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute Season one taser Incorporated. I Get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The volume. Good morning, happy Wednesdays five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a full house this morning. We got T, we got Bishop five 20 Moog Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up bro? Bro? Yeah. Yo with it Good. Nixon Seven. We will now start with that type of slander man.


First things first. Shout to Boost Mobile Man. You know what it is? $25 a month. Unlimited talk text data 5G Nationwide. Tap in with Boost Mobile. You know what I'm saying? Get your chart ready 'cause the pace is going to the Finals.


Mo. Yes sir. Solidified it last night. You know what I'm saying? Pace took care of business yesterday in the bridge one 30 to 1 21. Tyrese Haliburton with a historic play out performance yesterday. My boy went crazy. 32, 15 to 12 with no turnover's. The only time that's ever happened in NBA history man. Shout out to Tyrese. This game in the playoffs so far from, from I'm pissed. We let 'em off the hook bro. We should have swept these niggas bro. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? We, You know, know what I'm saying? We not keeping No more. Wasn't supposed to win game one. Who's up 20 bro. Enjoy. Enjoy. Hey I'm gonna talk your shit. He, he, he can beat up for a second, You know what, what I'm saying, Supposed to. We up 20 bro. We supposed to break the brooms out bro. We shouldn't even have to go to New York Bro. Yeah man. We should be saving gas right now. We shouldn't even be using these planes for no reason. Man should be resting Up getting tib fired for getting sweat.


God damn. So It's all good man. We got the champagne popping the master square guard once again. You know the vibes for show man AKA showed up yesterday with a 30 ball, five rebounds Benedict Math and game Ball goes to my boy yesterday, hooped out in 12 minutes. He had 20 points. Crucial. Crucial points We needed every single one of those. But the Knick showed up as well. You know Jelly Brunson had 31 and five. He knew what he does best. Kat had 24 and 12. OG NanoVi had 22 and four as well. Man. I know we talked last night about how y'all feeling about the game still man. Crazy environment man. Everybody was in the building. Good energy for the crowd man. What a game. It Was a great game bro. I feel like Tibs tried to go back to that same style.


He put the line right in all them guys, but shit, that shit just ain't hit the same bro. It was on they ass. Yeah, you talked about that T You know what I'm saying? They went on the sky reports so them they contribution was like whoa threw us off guard. Yeah, we just ready for Legendre last night. Yeah, yeah. We was ready for the line. Right. But even though he played some great defense yesterday. Yeah he had a a, he had a missed layup that kind of not say it turned the game around. He got a good steal though. He had a good steal but that layup and it led To a three. Yeah that was like a kind of like a heartbreaker. That's how I knew the game was gonna go when he missed that layup. Yeah, that would've put him up one if he would've hit that layup and instead they end up going down what, three or, and he had a nasty double transition too.


Gave him possession back. Yeah, it was nasty. But I appreciate the game on my mama because that kind of, not to say Tyrese wasn't already going, he was kind of in his groove but that three kind of lit the building back up. Yeah, yeah. The men lay up to the big three, the building kind of went up after that, but Ben Mathen threw them off bro. 12 minutes bro. Giving him a dub bro. He's going to get at least one good game bro. I'm a fan of his game bro. I speak how I knew he was gonna get at least one bro. I told you about 20 and 12 bro. That's, that's fired bro. And respectfully, you see how many times he scored curling on an inbound playbook. Yeah. That's just ridiculous. Yeah and he's one of the only players on our team who does that now sometimes You know, he gets criticized for trying to get too much contact, worried about getting in contact instead of finishing the layup sometimes.


But Ben puts pressure on the RI and he hits free throws. He's one that That's bad defense on. I like that in his shirt. I like that he scored like three or four times on the inbound play. Yeah, I I don't disagree with you. He he's a hell of a cutter though. He do a good job, especially with TJ McConnell when gets the ball 'cause TJ kind of, we call it the Nash rule, he just dribbles around a quarter a lot. He just turns it in Steve Nash and he cuts well off the ball when You know, I guess you call him what? TJ Nash. When TJ Nash started doing that, it seemed like he always get a backdoor layup or a good cut and he did that last night. Got an A one. Yeah. But nah, he played great for them man. Only in 12 minutes to get 20 points man. Okay Bro. That's a quarter bro. Yeah I need, I need a couple more minutes and look at that was the biggest dub Bro.


And look at his stats bro. Five for eight, Gimme 16 minutes bro. 10 for 11. Like man listen I know that You know the Rick Rock Nihart honestly listen, Nihar did not give us what we need yesterday. I would've preferred Ben closed out yesterday 'cause he was more aggressive yesterday. I mean no sight to Nihart. He always show up play solid defense but one for nine. He wasn't even really aggressive yesterday. I would've liked to close the game ball with Benedict Matthew yesterday. I think he earned that. Right. That's Good. If y'all got somebody that could fill in like that though bro, I don't know if Ben didn't get that 20, it would've been we needed that 20. It would've been a game. No, I'm saying, I mean every word I said is game ball to him 'cause he kept So he saved them hard ass for that. Yeah, I mean even Phi, he, You know what I'm saying, gave some contributions but it was really early arrest was on defense even though he played phenomenal defense yesterday.


Yeah he did. I can't ask you to score 25 and played great defense on Jalen Bruss. You did what you were supposed to do for sure. Before we go any further in super chat moment says is it a coincidence that the last two end season tournament losers being in the Finals, Pacers lost the Lakers and the Thunder lost their bucks. Ah, I didn't think about that. Okay. You cooking your eyes wide open this morning boy, I like that. Congrats. You know what the Pacers did? Well they turned, they turned them over. Mm. They made the Knicks play a little faster and they was turning the ball over. I don't know, I think they might have had 17, 18 turnovers but that led to the Pacers getting out on the running. Yeah. And when they get out and running in fast brakes and like you said Tyrese Haliburton dribbling that ball all high and kicking it up to people and pulling threes in transition.


Them guys are playing fast like that. Pacers a tough team to beat and that's what they did yesterday. The Knicks just had too many turnovers. You cannot turn the ball over against a team who's not really known for defense. Yeah. Pacer's not a defensive team but they've been playing great defense in these playoffs and it is like timely defensive possessions. Right. They they play well. They get steals and things like that. They're not known for being a physical team but they're the most physical team in the playoffs right now. Yeah. And it's kind of crazy. It is like they turn on this switch like throughout the regular season we call 'em a finesse team and all this and then when the playoffs come they get super aggressive, super physical and every time a different team and they kind of took away with the Knicks do well and Nick's supposed to be a physical grimy New York type style team and they flipped it in Indiana.


Really? The grimy team. You know it's interesting you say that and I think one thing I like about Rick is when we went small at Garden Cat, granted it didn't really help too much but the physicality we got to leave more physical 'cause a small for guard dude. So yes you can't, You know what I'm saying, they ain't gonna call those fouls but interesting you say that yesterday the Knicks had 17 assists and 17 turnovers. Tyrese had 15 turn assists and no turnovers. Yeah they was turned up. You giving us transition points. That's the only way we gonna score. Yeah, his Cal was bullying Pascal but Pascal was being physical fighting with him so he missed a couple little chippies that he should have made and it was wearing him down a little bit 'cause he was going back at him on the other end. So it kind of played, played out good. Most definitely. Let's look at the shooting from the Knicks. Okay og, You know what I'm saying? Shot decent but one for seven for three is nasty.


Need more from that even though he hoop cat A for 15 did his thing for sure. Mikhail Bridges, even though look like he hit more than six shots maybe 'cause all four of them was three six for 15. That's tough. That's real tough of Them was bullshit shots at the end. He shot a couple crazy Three. Yeah, I was gonna say so really it is probably, You know what I'm saying, six for 12. I've been showing some love. Jalen Brunson nine for 19 but he shot a lot of free throws. I only missed one as usual. Josh Hart man a lot of people feel like Josh Hart let them down yesterday he played hard as hell but man he was giving us some possessions. Especially with those fouls. Yeah he was turning it over. He turnovers they he, they was just putting in a position that he's not really com like he's not good at like him running pick and rolls and stuff. That's just not his thing.


He's a capable player. He is good off the driving kick. He not a three point shooter. He a good offensive rebound. He a, he a dirty work player which is cool but him having to be dynamic in your offense to be successful probably a recipe for disaster. Yeah. Especially on the fly. Something y'all ain't get out here, y'all was just scrambling to see what was gonna shake I that was fair to put him in that position. For real. For real. Yeah. I mean y'all gotta get Jalen Brunson off the ball a little bit but they just gotta find that's the Knicks that's on the Knicks next order. Like they gotta find somebody who can make plays maybe Tib just see what none of us seen. They like can't nobody else get the ball. That's why he hold it for 20 seconds. Yeah because I'm bring it up. I'm, I'm starting to lean towards that like nobody else can do shit. So My kid was running the one I said damn he probably like alright y'all want get somebody's ball alright Can't we need JB to hold the ball for 18 seconds and make a play?


My fault JB I see Why now? Me too. I apologize because I I damn probably fucked y'all up 'cause y'all probably heard me talking to all this shit and then and they Changed they gameplay And now they game's. What I'm talking about team Quit listening to these things. See I told you I was a real pixel fan the fix was in. That's what I'm talking about. Set the play my boy You know man can we go back to the Patriot sets though again, we always talked about game three as low as they shot from the three wasn't gonna happen again. They showed up especially our role players. Not even from a point standpoint but just from a performance standpoint. Yeah a lot of energy, a lot of effort. Yesterday Ben Shepherd 14 minutes. Yeah he didn't do the best but he still fought and played defense. I respect they guard Jalon Bresson.


Yeah man. Like you said our two stars really showed up yesterday and that's what you need. Nah. Yeah if them two play like that it's gonna be a tough out it. It is. Really now if we looking forward, if we skip past these next couple of games and think that it's gonna be Pace or Thunder, it's past Pascal and Tyrese versus SGA and Jalen Williams and it's like what Duo is gonna perform. Yeah And that's really what it is gonna come down to. Everybody else is kind of like extras like obviously I think okay C guy, a couple better players in they roster but like Benedict math is an X factor too though. Yeah if he could play like he played last night, he counters some of the guys like Chet and stuff like that.


You and I mean I know he got a short leash with Rick but man let him play because it's sometimes like he'll have some bad moments and he'll immediately come out the game. I'm like bro give him a chance 'cause moments Like last you gotta play for them mistakes though 'cause y'all need him there. We Need him, need Him bro. So shout out to Rick for You know I mean letting him rock out for them 1212 But I mean he did really ain't rock out. Raquel was a reluctant 12 but I mean we got the dub so I ain't Outta game. He immediately scored every but You know but I'm saying You know Rick a puller quick. What Got a taste? He literally pulled. He did and he did it bro I Get a taste. I was like dang Bro as out yesterday he got them turnover he Nah I'm gonna keep it up Tyrese, I'm gonna keep it a beat. I I calling him TJ McConnell yesterday Mo he came in at 4, 4 2 turnover.


I was like hey TJ get the fuck out the game. Shit he gave YA good spark though bro. No he does. He does his job. He needed to come out. The Spark runs out. That's why it's a spark. It is not a flame we got. Is he gonna out Spark? Is he out? Is he out? Is he gonna outs Spark Caruso? No, no and that's what sucks because in most situations I would take that but no Caruso switching on Bigs. He forcing turnovers and he can shoot. Chegg gonna go crazy on these motherfucker s Bro. Quit disrespected Pascal. You see how he just bullied Kat last night. He pushing him off the block. Ka fighting with Kat bro. Cheche don't hold no weight down there with Pascal. He going push him all Around. All Julius Randall was going handle him you see Matter. Well Pascal better do Randall. I mean that's up to you but No that's up to the facts.


Nah that's up to you. I'm taking Pascal, Julius Randall, that's nom to Julius Randall but PAs got me a range. Luck Go with Pascal through he a champion shit I'm gonna go with Pasco. Yeah bro y'all always do that championship respect part of your legacy. I'm just saying y'all thought Julius Renold was gonna hold Chet and it he's green. I Agree he's green bro. He doing his thing. Check playing Will Right now. Pascal gonna have to play his ass off. You gonna have to really guard bro. Chet gonna have to play his ass off. He Really is. That's why I think it's a Two way street. You gotta guard him too. It's gonna be about who foul less on offense in that situation 'cause they both about Buck but Pascal that midi boy And Pascal not gonna sit there and shoot three Julius Randall's kind of letting him off the hook bro. Julius Randall though Pasco gonna be at his ass. Alright let, let's just, let's just compare the two players while we here, okay.


Julius Randall is a bully. He don't really got no type of handle, no wiggle, nothing. Pascal is like SGA for Power Forge like that comparison like he got oh he got move spin. He kind of elusive with it like You know what I mean. He going, he got some counters, he pump fake and he shoot the three. He kind of keep you off balance but he's always attacking, attacking the difference that Julius Randall's not like that. Jake gonna Have to, he Gonna have to slide. Julius Randall don't got no handles. He run into you. He can't run into you. He flip it up there or he just shoot a three. He kind nevermind I ain't gonna disrespect him but Giving bag work. Pascal got Bag work.


Yeah he don't really got, I like Pascal man I'm just telling y'all niggas keep coming at but I don't know shit I don't know who better though. I'm not saying that Pascal is is better or Julius Randall is better. Both two really good players. I would go Pascal I love for sure. Sure but When you look at the eye test it's like it looked easier for Pascal. Yes when I would look at it. Yeah I like easier So going with Pascal. For sure. For sure. Alright, let's dip into the super chat. Big Z 11 said if Halbert wins a ring there's gonna be some uncomfortable conversations. Top 10 pg in the league if he wins for sure. I I ain't gonna lie, he a top 10 PG now but if he Win a ring for Sure like today I'm gonna be, I'm being honest, if he Not bro he's top five. Yeah Like yeah what you leap a lot of people if you go Get a ring 10 is crazy.


He 10 Right now. He's disrespectful. I'm not gonna, I'm not going be a, I'm gonna be a real analyst today even though I don't even say we a real analyst team, we just talk shit. We the barbershop but I'm gonna be for real today. I ain't gonna joke, I ain't gonna trouble he top five now. Yes bro. I ain't going trouble DJ. Yeah Bro he Top five. It's a lot of people who be getting a lot of love bro. That don't have no playoff wins bro. Nah the to back conference Finals is tough bro. And the way He doing it they said he most overrated and then he come through this shit. So I think this fix was in man top five Bro. They suspended my daddy bro. They tried to do everything to hold me back bro. He's better than Jalen Bru. Tyrese Hall Burton is better than Jalen Brunson bro. Facts.


He's a better, he's a better point guard. Gimme Tyrese bro. He's a better point guard. He's a better point guard. He not a better player. Individual player. He better point guard. He a better point guard though. I Have him. I'd rather have him run my team at that position. Yeah he a better point guard. We love Jaylen Bruss Player for player. Gimme Jaylen Brunson but to run my team as a point guard and that's the difference we talking about point guard game. Jaylen Brunson gonna kick his ass. Yeah for sure because like one on one at point guard or a one-on-one game. Kyrie Irving's the best one-on-one player. Yeah but for as a point guard. Yeah he's he's not the best point guard. Yeah he's more of a scoring too. He more of a two guard damn man. Yeah but I am gonna say boy my my because Jalen brothers supposed to be six seven. Yeah he Played like Kyrie Irving Too.


Yeah he played like Joe Johnson bro it was so funny. I was asleep with some people who don't watch basketball that much. They was just like, does he bully everybody like that? I'm like yeah that's what he does. It don't matter who you are bro. He just stole That shit yesterday. It just looked different Bro. He put his shoulder and nihar chest so bad bro. And the layup it is just like if you even counter back you gonna foul him bro. Yeah you just have to deal with it. He's really that good and I mean the Knicks got better players but Tyrese just involved his teammates more bro. It's more of a camaraderie. He got them playing at a level that I don't think a lot of people could have them playing at. Nah shit in that's respect But facts shit bro. Top five shoot throughout the game. So they make timely shots 'cause they in rhythm. They Not in Rhythm bro. Like even Bridges at the end he ain't really shot too much bro. He got the three four shots off but he hadn't shot much the whole game.


He started getting shut off. Yeah like, like Nihar. If it wasn't for Tyrese, Hallberg Nihar probably wouldn't be. Yeah He Wouldn't. He wouldn't be. I'm not saying he not a good player. He a good player but he wouldn't, he just rock out. He go yeah he go to a different team like 'cause Tyrese got hurt, he got a chance to hoop. Yeah. Or whatever it was. But I'm saying if he went to a different team with a star player that is a point guard, he wouldn't play like if He was on the Knicks Bro he would be, he be Over, he'd be Mouse McBride. He Yeah he would be McBride. Yeah. Yeah because essentially that's who he is like but he had more freedom like Miles Mc Broad don't got the same freedom as him. Like Nihar out there doing Stepback threes. Yeah he and he played Coach Rick car Lot bro. He give him Boys confidence.


Yeah he letting him rock bro. All Rick has listen and I gave a lot of Rick slander but what he's done this playoffs got show number of respect. He's adjusted every step of way every time bro. Gotta show respect to that for show. Alright man Kiz, soy and super test said Brus should have been voted most overrated a player and Holly should got Clutch player of the year changed my mind. Talk your shit. I mean I ain't gonna say that. Nah I ain't say that. I ain't gonna say that Talk shit Far just overrated was kind of crazy though because he is been killing I'm happy say nah he been super clutch so I ain't gonna say that he got the most fourth quarter points so I don't even yeah I ain't gonna do that one. I'm here for the hey but Janet Bruns just hit the floater to win game three. That was after not playing five minutes. That's Elite. If that ain't clutch, I don't know what it is. What the hell he burner says this year's patience smoking jts Hawks. That's fact.


Oh shit yo be you got Lock Parlay I could put my house on tonight. Damn I Got you bro. See He woke up with See You know what I got you bro. He about turn me up. I told you I was gonna be respectful today. I was gonna be respectful Be Ernie. We lit. Jay Stark said the outcome like this for the Knicks a reason why you shouldn't take less money regarding Brunson never take less money. Yeah never, never, never take less money. Never. But he gonna get it on the back end. I ain't worry about it. Yeah he's gonna get another deal soon. Shout to Jake. Nah even that he going to be working for the Knicks for the rest of his life. Nah fuck it. Run it up. He gonna be like all them. He gonna be like Latrell, Sprewell all them we see at the game Out the trail man Gonna have a random real estate property, You know what I'm saying?


His name downtown New York for sure. Theodore Gaines said Mo looking back on it now what were your thoughts on they made Drake and Honest UK member Rob was out to wearing Kentucky Dad sweatshirts. Oh Allegations mo he the lay of lines what's going on man fuck it bro. Turned Up we knew shit we stars shout to That Shoulda have had hold out there bro. That's crazy. He would, he would never disrespect his His feets. He Gonna St John's he be Rick Peti helpline. That is crazy for sure. But listen we gonna move passes 'cause we know the patient's gonna take care of business. Can I say one thing? Yes sir. Like going to the game Like it is weird like I never been to a game.


I've been to games that didn't matter like we went to the Hawks game it was like a random Monday or something to Facts and nobody was paying attention. The Miami Heat. Yeah nobody was paying attention And then like random other time I've been to games is like Bias. I went to like Marcus game we play at Kentucky. I'm there to see Marcus. We went to a playoff game when he was in Chicago. We was there to see Marcus. Like I didn't care, I was biased like I'm gonna come see my brother. This is the first time I went to a game that mattered and I had no reason to be there. Nah, the first time I ever seen the crowd for A game was weird as hell. Yeah you just not Used to that Shit. Yeah so be on a bench and shit or You just not Used to sitting in the crowd. So like to see people like actually fans and like I make fun of DJ all the time because he an actual fan 'cause I've never been a fan of nothing but wrestling.


But wrestling is different, You know what I mean? It's like you a fan of everything about wrestling. Right. To be a fan of a team, that shit is weird as hell to me. Nah. So like to watch people like I was just people watching, I'm like damn he really like pissed at the ref just like you really care this much about these dudes bro. And like I just got new respect for people who like are true diehard fans or something. They feel the same way you feel when you on the court. Yeah they feel like that in the crowd. Yeah like they pay they hard earned money and it's like damn y'all really give a fuck. So that's why I'm gonna stop trolling people 'cause like y'all really, I see. I be thinking like why y'all really mad? Like nigga y'all really give a fuck bro. College they be But that's how I went.


Me and DJ went to that Mustangs game last year. Nigga love that college team. I'm a momma bro. It was that field bro for a regular season game in See Kalen Clark bro. Schwar was odd. Hey man listen how sick I am on the Monday morning after a Cowboys law. Shouldn't make sense bro. That's what I'm saying. Like people it fucks up my week if we lose and we be losing a lot. So I'd be having some bad weeks with like the thing people care that much. It is amazing because I never grew but that shit like watching it, it looked like generational cares. Like this shit was passed down from my grandpa. He's bro, I'm like he's I we didn't grow up like that. No we didn't. So I have, I'm not a fan of nothing that we was in it bro. Yeah. So I've never been a fan of nothing. So to see people like be fans of shit is kind of impressive.


It's amazing. I can't get behind a bunch of niggas that I don't know Paul, My mind kind of like that too. I'm gonna be real with y'all. Like I love sports to death to just much go crazy and fuck up my household. Like I feel like people go home and be like tell that girl don't fucking talk to me. They do. They do. The Cowboys just lost. They do dj. I'm going to the man game bro. I'm going to the man game But get lost. But on Christmas day we lose Patrick Holmes. Everybody go home. Christmas is over. If we lose at three o'clock I don't wanna see nobody ass clock bro. That's like, I wish I cared about something like that. Like as far as like sports. That's like Gil Field bro. That's why he cussing Paul Georgia. Hes Like that. Yeah, like that shit. I wish I cared about like even I went to Wake Forest and I it don't like they play.


They be oh Wake Forest playing Carolina. I be like all right that's cool. Like they be like you ain't watching it. No, I'm like nevermind. I ain't gonna say nothing. Kentucky gonna get on my ass. Just keep Michigan fans is like that too though. Yeah that's side ball. I mean but I could see if you like cared about Kentucky 'cause you won there. Yeah but then like I don't even, I don't really, I I I feel like you, I'm just say that I really don't. I mean you gonna support him. He's just not a dollar. I really not no dollar. But you gotta understand too like from UK like those people bro they in Lexington bro. They have nothing. They have shit bro. They have nothing. Shout to my nigga, she mack Humble Ginnings bro. You know what I'm saying? Shout Pro Station. Y'all are there. You know I mean They NBA I'm just for sure over the top about nothing.


Just like Alabama football bro. I ain't shit down there bro. Yeah I just, they Dying about them niggas bro. Like people always ask me, they're like man you ain't no you don't got no weight for us. I'm like eh, I don't care if they win or lose like this. What's Up, you got anything? Wake Forest left like any Nah. Alright wait man we gotta get things right man. Listen shit nigga In Jersey man shit. Block Of gold. I think I might have a jersey man we gotta put zero on the rappers man. Let's get it going man. I nigga It some socks with some a warmup be uniform. What? Like he just never went through it. That point his life just didn't happen And Lowkey did. He was like Really the face of that shit and he just act like he Wasn't there. What the best players to walk in the doors Bro.


That's how they treat, that's how they treat Bieber. We gotta get right Man. I don't even talk bad about way. I just, I like I didn't grow like I grew up. The reason I went to Wake Forest 'cause I already told y'all I like Chris Paul. Yeah but I didn't know about, I didn't even know what Wake Forest was until Chris Paul went there and was like damn. You know what I mean? So I ain't gonna be like yeah and I grew up and I wanted to be a demon deacon like no. Yeah that was just a team I could go play. I didn't care You would've wherever CP went and killed Probably. I mean he just made me known like he just, I watched him, I liked his story about getting the points about his grandpa and they made me like a fan. Like damn he had Sny when he wanted to. What I'm He would've went anywhere. You would've went he could offer them to be like damn CP went there.


Yeah. Damn they let him rock out. I could go rock out there but I wasn't like a fan like damn of anything. I was a fan was Georgetown 'cause Allen Iverson But that was anything. They Were mad at me 'cause I said shit I never watched Kentucky before Cal got there. They tried to crucify me for that. I was like I didn't know. I'm not lying. Did what Recruit you? Huh? Did White recruit you? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Say I gave 'em an offer in eighth grade. They was mad 'cause I was like I didn't watch Kentucky before then. Like I didn't though bro. I'm not from Kentucky bro. Shit. Yeah, you had no reason to. For real. But I just think, I just wanna say I think it's amazing that fans like really be into that. Yeah. And some fans take it too far to the white boy and crowd. When to stab those Knicks fans you are out of pocket.


So see shit like that. Like what are you on? Listen Y'all To be that passionate fucking Pocket. It probably did bullshit though. When people get disrespectful, that's, You know what I'm saying? That's why started off like that turned Some other shit. Yeah bro. He left and came back. Nigga Didn't say I'm going for the Knicks. Yeah. He didn't know and I'm Stabbing. Nah mean he probably like fuck story. He Fuck the Pacers. He was like, no fuck you k Nick And it just threw on bro. Fuck something Bro. Crash. That's what Im saying. But y dad passion nigga bro He something happened, You know, crazy pocket bro. For somebody to come back and not do like I ain't gonna charge to be too bad but most times when people come back they come back with a pistol. He came back with a knife. Yeah. That was real Personal. Close thing I got bro. He was intentional about What he was doing.


Well B here said he's crazy. You stab him We gravel. Nah, offense, I, I only basically stab people Is your first people I, everybody's okay. Donut wanna say that? Tory lays bro. Y'all gotta understand his underline bro. I I be getting him free. Tory. I cracked up the cheeks. She cracked my girl the cheeks tape Respect. I love, I love Tory. I be in a trial like hold on man. No s don't my nigga Because he said Mexican style people.


The only people that still walk around with razors under they tos bro. See that white boy do it bro. He's wicked. Yeah you five. Yeah. Keep Him where he is bro. He needs to be in under the sale for sure.


This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the Draft King sports book and official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that code Club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's Code Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg do org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg do co slash audio.


So we all made mistakes right but on up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain because It's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small ways. Three or four days a week I would buy two cups of banana pudding but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chakin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like Business Week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick. Hey, I Wanna learn about VI chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is that that they're doing. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright Man, WNBA info. It is funny, we talked about this yesterday. Shut the league, the ticket prices went down. I told you that was $86 four, eight hours ago after that injury. Hot 25, you can spend that with Boost Mobile. I'm gonna send the old Pike girls basketball team to the game. Oh god fuck it. I got for the y'all all three. I told y'all bro, shut the lead down bro. Until her quiet get better. Just shut it down. All right man we gonna go through so of the score. So yesterday in my out of pocket bro. Nah. Yes bro. They have to keep playing. I'm not saying you can't bro, bro. Like That's just that game bro. Man that was that aint knew Angel Reese first.


KA Clark was the biggest draw right? Yeah for yo for to drop 71%. That's a big ass hit because the other players hurt. Come on bro. Fire sale man. We even see nothing Said a fire fire Sale. I love Angel Reese but that should let You know like it's a difference. Nobody's coming to see you bro. Nobody come to see you. It's not a good team. Yeah they're not a good team. That's why I see why the other girls is mad though bro. Yeah that's Annoying Bro. That is annoying. It's annoying as here but it is what it is. God the wings got their first win of the season. 71%. It's crazy. They already 86, They my league they Free.


Free because But shit 86 Bro. I go though see Geek send me to the game. You couldn't put me Courtside against the Pacers. Put me court side for the fever Court side fever for Sure. We need that 10% off too still. You said promo code cold fly 20. We need all that baby shit that Courtside going for a hundred. I'm cool. Smooth Hundred is crazy. Gimme a co side. Ain't Tell bro. You paying hundred for a cor sign. Ain't no telling who you sitting next to? Terry Cruz. Oh Man. Who do you think Courtside the fever guy? Shit Is. Oh no they listen well be Swift Child to Swift now.


He running around Not bow well Ain't no tell Bro Young made Shit. Somebody said your barber Nigga Said the whole niggas, all the niggas from the pink But My Shit. What's the, Whoever sent me that clip Him Ball y. Oh wow. That's wow. One six. That's diversity Road boy. Oh X for what? Put me in the bleachers please. We gotta Move The wing. Got they first tub to C yesterday. Who Else, who else there?


Who else? Brittany Grinder parents. I'm not fucking with y'all today Man. Oh man Y'all Fry k Paige Becker's had a game. Yeah man she had 21 to seven. Rka had 19 and four. Tina Charles had 27 is six. Those are some of the worst teams in the W. That's Charles was so cold when we was in high school bro. You come always has been man free Tina Charles man. Right. I You know she was still playing. Swear to God She was 37, she graduated 2006 and She still killing 27 6. Not a bad $90. Oh over five for five. She probably about done.


Yeah they trying to sell the team. They go through some things. They done bottomed out. They trying to, You know what I'm saying, they definitely trying to get that lottery top spot. The Liberty undefeated still against the ies two to two Y 95, 6 7 Belt of ass man. God damn boy. You know the story. You know this 24 John Jones beast in 13, 10 to five John Quail. Hold on. Still killing. She named after a pops bro On now. Who's Quail then? Her momma, her daddy, Ana, Ani Qua. Her name is Lan, mama name is Ani. Mike Zoom in a little bit. Let me see under her cheek. We good let it go. That's John and her dad name was John. Her mama is Qua Ali John to you.


That's a great game. 13 to 10 walk in. I heard mama name Ali. She from, she from over. We trying to learn about the WNBA y'all. We trying to give y'all authentic content. Hey that Is and that we had bushel them names and made the shit up out and neither one of them. Oh her day name Preston, Adam May at time. Oh Adam May School. Damn I'm Gonna do my own deep diving. That's a little, alright. John Quill, they just Preston Jones boy Your name for auntie. That nigga sound like he, he sung in a fucking Anywhere. Fedra. Oh my mama, he sound Preston. He sound like he was at Motown.


Man. Preston Jones gotta made Bullock. Y'all brought alright man the links man why we just start roasting these niggas bro. B got a double against the storm yesterday. The, the link's hooping again. Man, shout out to Minnesota man. Y'all got two good basketball. The women's in the boys are hooping right now for sure man. Besta Collier. MVP status 16 to 10 quarter. Williams had 23 yesterday. Gabby Williams had, I like how you put the status on there? Yeah she go crazy man. Got show respect. Skylar had 18. Okay Skylar you still out there trucking Skylar about 35? Yeah. Yeah give up soon to the storm man. Rough start for them. Yo. Dream got a dub yesterday. Teague get some sparks. You know what, You know how we do bro.


Ain been hooping the dream nice bro. They get into it. They play Chelsea Plum 27 and five. Shit they be beating the my favorite player. 27 5. Yeah Ham 28, 8 and six. She be hooping Derrick Hamby. That's the light-skinned chick. People think she cute. Right. Put her on my, some People feel that way. Yes. You put DJ on the spot. I'm, I'm smooth. DJ said some people feel that way. I mean I be seeing people saying like they she want, I be hearing her name, she wrong with this dude. Yeah. Dang my cup of tea Love. Who you love? Shout Derrick. She hoop Yesterday. Oh You know who she look like? Who? Old girl. Ooh, Brianna Arnold?


Yeah. Ah okay. Yeah. Oh yeah me Miss Brianna Face a little softer but she gimme no vibe And let's move on. She got, she got a, she got a, she got like strong. No, Mike know. Hey you keep in picture. You just as she got, she got, she got tough just as bad. Look, go back to her. She, they say she got Her face a little soft. Nah, Brianna faces like that's Brianna over there for Sure. Okay. With Her holding her hands like that. But see that's yeah, Shout de. But she a better hooper though. Nah, facts for sure. She bust Breonna ass. Yeah, Deka car because Brianna used to hoop too but she, she definitely, she kind tall though ain't she? Was she about six two?


Yeah she Tall. Oh okay. Yeah man, we trying to learn man. What School? Didn't she go to Wake Forest? She went to Wake Forest? Yes. Damn. Hell yeah. Oh Damn. I'm rocking out with her. Well fuck it. She From the A too. You went to Norcross. Okay. I aint Marietta. Damn you went the mo. Damn you was good at Wake four? I ain't never know Wake Forest had a good girl basketball player. I swear to God in my life I never knew that That's happening with your lineage. We trying to get you back on campus man. Alright, well you, you, you decent. It Is just learning y'all. I'm just learning. Never knew you de Hamby. You the best player from Wake Forest. That's crazy. Oh no. I ain't never seen nobody else that play basketball for Mike Forge. It was a girl. Hmm. That's some alumni up there though.


It's a few girls. I say hold on, that's Rodney Rogers don't do my nigga like that. I thought you pulled up all way playing with Rodney like that. No. Okay, well shit, alright we'll move on man. You keep highlighting. Alright Di what a problem. What's her name Dika? You my favorite player now. Oh shit you. Yeah, we ain't Moved on to one Next Box. Score. Yeah, I, I'm rolling with Dika. She all right man. Shout to the murky man. They beat Kelsey Plum. You just moved a second baby Di y'all on the same team too? I'm a fucking Sparks fan. Fuck it. Senator Merch Mercury beat the sky. Dang. Scott gotta get a dub. Oh and four the season 94 89 Ain Another double, double.


Yeah. 13 to 15. 1511. Yeah. Trying to break kg. Oh no it's a record going on right now. My guys from the Bett people that I've, You know I seen them shout out to DraftKings. They done bet four games in a row. She gonna miss her first shot. They keep winning On fire. It's always Three girls in the WBA with double doubles. That motherfuckers missed so much. I can go get 10 in the double Bro. Look me here for 10, 10, 10 to five bro.


It only need 12 minutes. Like Get that in the first Quarter. Shoot down. Shout to my guys so hold on man. We, I, I ran to some coaches last night when I was leaving the venue they was at Chicago State and they was laughing. They was like man be here. It was some girls in the w that could be some niggas on my team man. Oh they damn near could. Hey I swear to God man. I can't remember the dude I met from Chicago State though, but he was really mad at me though. And shout out to Kevin Jones, man, kj. But they was really pissed about that. I'm like bro, y'all are saying bro bro.


He W bro, He said it's Deb Dirt, gimme a W bro bro. Because I said Juju Watkins can beat them nigga. I really believe so. Wilson Will be one of them. Yeah Bro shook me in my eyes and said they Mike bro. I said man get, I was like man stop playing. He was like, I'm For real. Back when Kevin was playing there was some hoopers, there was some dogs then. But I told bro, I said bro, I went to a game bro. For real bro. Like it is, it is spooky bro. When they was there, what time was brother in Horizon league? Horizon League be right before they left bro. Sure. Hey shout out to the other coach that was with him. He was the first black soccer coach I ever seen. He said man I'm, I'm a soccer coach, Chicago State. Damn.


Said nigga what? I thought he was being funny. I'm like ah alright boy. I said I holler at y'all. He's like, nah, I'm for real. I'm the head soccer coach girl, soccer coach in Chicago. So I said that's funny as fuck. He American too? Yeah he was a nigga. He said what's up boy? He ain't, he ain't say nigga but I'm just, he was respect, he was hella respectful but respect. I was laughing like bro you really a soccer coach. I forgot his name. I thought he was lying his name like Larry or something like that. That's him. Kevin Lary. Kevin Lary? Yeah. You go him, look at him. You, you think he like a soccer coach. That nigga look like my PE teacher. That nigga like the real Martin hits the kind guard. He look like The real Larry. He may be ready related to Coach Schmitty man. Yeah I know Mty.


He look like Rick Ross the real Ross. Shout out to OG man. Oh yeah. I couldn't believe it though. He really Killer Mike, coach K. So he love Jackson State? Yeah, he yeah that's what he said. He come to Jackson State. Shout Out to Kevin. Larry. I think the basketball coach was at Alcorn State. He just got to Chicago State or something. We don't never know who watching this motherfucker. Yeah. Shout out to them man him out. They shot love. They was cool. Alright Mil Robinson said $35 to get you courtside and you can get the game for five minutes. Damn disrespectful. $35 to get you courtside he said and in the game and get you a shot up. Damn. Get you to merch too. Damn. I'm going hook it up.


Alright m the SuperTrack said I need some five 20 advice. My girl doesn't want to sign a prenup. How should I treat to keep up the good work? She don't wanna sign. Kicker gotta go crash out Parlay get a new one bro. Yeah. Damn she there For the money girl. Work it out bro. She there for the money. I would suggest bro go to counseling and see if that works first bro. Well this is the counseling that can save you some bread. This is not a real counseling session. She don't really love you. If she don't sign that prenup Not leave your girl. 'cause Mo says something not let her ruin your life bro. She don't really love you. If she don't sign that prenup slide, don't fall for the lie to say you already praying on our downfall. If you gotta have a prenup. Yes, I'm, I'm the downfall is near Pacers in fall. You know the vibes, historic moments send her home.


Alright. Brenda Henderson said who let Uncle R coach Soccer disrespectful. Come on Dr. Kevin Vale. Man he can't shout. I record is one of the greatest characters on cartoon history. Bullocks one of the best TV shows. Charleston White brings himself after Bro. Yeah, that nigga is funny. He said who? Luck them. Nevermind. I'm let's just go. Alright. A B here. What's up man? Michael Magnis. What up bro? Listen, thunders threw one game five game five. You no longer have five teams in the playoffs. How you feel tonight? Timber Bulls gonna win this one y'all. Man it's old bro. You Gotta stop. I retired my jersey. Gotta stop Bro. I done retired. Zero, zero done got retire. Dante. I believe in you bro.


Another 20 point knife from you tonight. Man. That's fine bro. They're losing Bro. Yeah, it's okay. I Don't even wanna watch it. Damn it is that bad. Yeah, I know they finna lose. I retired. Mike ain't got a chance tonight man. They ain't About to lose. Don't listen to them. They have, they gave up bro. F Edwards was like fuck this shit bro. Ready? Go back to Atlanta. It's, He is bro. He shot 12 shots bro. It's time. It's time. It's time to turn up five 13 last game. He's Making the right plays. Him And him. Time to get back to the him and baby girl. Ready on vacation. Been a rough year. A Positive. I didn't like what Kendrick Perkins said though. Trying to get his mental right. Yeah, We gonna talk about that later in the show. I ain't, I ain't like that either. Yeah, I didn't like that. You got some, some talk for Kendrick man know Rock Like he wasn't a player bro.


Yeah, I don't like that. I don't like that per b Waller. But man, no expectations for Timber Bulls in this panel tonight. So be here. I don't know which feeling man. But it's looking like it's gonna be both. As gonna win. Y'all just watch. It's cool. I don't think too many people got too much hope in this man. Y'all winning for Go to seven home bro. Y'all not going to seven yet. Told it's going to seven. They not beat O kc. Two games in a row bro. It's not gonna happen. Seven. Then they going, You know OK C gonna get 'em out. There's score seven. Respect. I'm, I'm cool off of that series. One of These series is going seven y'all, neither of them going seven or A Finals will because Everything's going one of series Bro. They all going five man. Alright. This shit, I mean I think the Knicks might win and there's no disrespect to the guard but they might win at the Guard.


That's it. But them winning the OKC, nah it's not Happening bro. A e would come out and have to be super set tonight, which is clearly possible. But I think it might need a combination of him and jr. We have not seen that in the last couple games unfortunately. Alright Y'all we'll see. But the Knicks do got a chance to win in the garden 'cause they at home. That's the only thing. But I don't think they gonna win the series at all. Oh no. It's up with Paceon five. We already set the tone. We trying to be eco-friendly. We gonna save some gas. I'm gonna say Pace is in six though. Swept they ass man. That's How I feel. Mo. We really should have put the bro out. We really was being too nice. We Shouldn't be playing no more right now. Yeah, we should be chilling, You know what I'm saying? Nice little rest between the Finals. But it's cool. It really should be two two right now though.


Nah, it should Be four. Oh yeah it should be four. It should not bro. The Knick should have won. Got one. Okay. I give 'em the first game. Come on. Y'all crazy. Real after that though. Almost don't count. And I get that. But let's Keep it the next one. Game three. Yeah. It Should be. It should. It should legit be two. Two. Supposed to go seven bro. But respect. But You know what happened, they lost. Yeah, that's what I said. Don't count. Nah, Pacers did what they were supposed to do. I mean shit Pacers shit they hooping. Fuck Tyrese did this motherfucking big one for sure. Damn S is bad man. Yo. Western conference let us down man. We supposed to be excited about other games. We gotta sit through these JB games. Get to the Yeah the West. The West was a disappointed. What a let down. Not watching it tonight. You know what it was man, I can't believe y'all Bro.


It started with the Lakers. Mm right. The Lakers let the whole west down. Thanks. We had high expectations for them. Y'all did. And they let us down. Told you what my boys going do. I didn't give a fuck my team, I got three teams in them in the Finals. So I don't know what y'all Talking about. And this is my point I made about, this is the point I was making about like people being actual fans of teams earlier. 'cause I, I hang around this nigga all day. So me and him we are one and the same. We don't give a fuck about none of the teams. We just like, No I I just like basketball. I'm more of a high school fan Schwartzel guy. Like than the NBA. Yeah. So to see DJ actually care about the Pacers because I, I thought this was like funny like I didn't think he really cared about the pace but not thought about nah I Know bro.


He really is a fan. I'm like this nigga really a fan 'cause they was, he been ever since we been doing this that's Long at the time. DJ really turns up on us when we disrespect the Pacers bro. I like, well we've been doing this for what, two and a half years. Hold it down DJ and he talk about the Pacers for the whole two and a half years and then this nigga remember shit when I was on the Pacers? Nah, But I'm saying you remember last year earlier than the books DJ was Toping his shit. DJ got Cowboys Pacers. That's what give him something. The nigga hard heard. Well listen, the Cowboys, we not gonna win shit. You know saying Louis, they trying to take our Louisville now we back Nah Down. I'm talking about two years ago Louisville, my boy was sick. Oh I'm talking about black men Platform bi.


You would never Saying man That's my, nah that's a bullshit. Y'all sit him to fuck up our program bro. Yes, we won two games in two years fucking with Kenny bro. Bro. So What? Stay away bro. So what bro to, that's my whole point. Look how they did Kenny Pain at Louis. He went there. No, look how he did us that nigga. Two years. Are you serious? Anywhere as whoop. We were sad. We were fucking terrible. Sure to God. That's why we spent all the money now Rick bro, why He putting banners up Man, shout To kp. Shout Out to kp. No, I'm trying to get his feet wet bro. I'm just saying. So Nigga, I remember how you go to Louisville when they telling you don't ever come back to Louisville.


That is crazy. They Forgot about don't come in the gym because All don't ever come back. No bro. What you did to us in two years, bro. They he come back, they going boo him. That's crazy bro. Oh he gonna come back. Who? Where he at? Arkansas gonna play Louisville. They going to, they like Kenny Payne's back Boo this nigga, they gonna treat him by Hans Pearl when he came here and I was a trash, I was a fucking star for y'all back in the day. See You know what I'm saying? Hey, we didn't need to search who he is. We know who kitty Paint is man. He is a workout Guru bro. He should have just kept working niggas out. He Should up. What do you having your couch coaching Ain for everybody though. Oh man, he workout guru though. His workouts is crazy Bro. I'm sure Ken know what doing that's a tough job to take though. He said coach record is disgusting. That's A tough job.


His shit, no that's him. That's his like actual playing career. Go to his coaching. He say A star Field Aren eight. So they one those man, it's cool. Pat Kelsey got the program back rocking. You know what I'm saying? Shout to Pat. We got, we got Mike Ke, we got some great transfers. We're gonna have a great year next year. Louisville going to the final four for sure. So we all made mistakes, right, but on up to them it's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exist to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify. The thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle. This is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast. Focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain because It's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times the big economic forces we hear about on the news show up in our lives in small waves. Three or four days a week, I would buy two cups of banana pudding. But the price has gone up. So now I only buy One. The demand curve in action. And that's just one of the things we'll be covering on everybody's business. From Bloomberg Business Week, I'm Max Chapkin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. Every Friday we will be diving into the biggest stories in business, taking a look at what's going on, why it matters, and how it shows up in our everyday lives With guests like Business Week editor, Brad Stone, sports reporter, Randall Williams and consumer spending expert, Amanda Mull will take you inside the board rooms, the back rooms, even the signal chats that make our economy tick. Hey, I wanna learn about V chain and I wanna buy some blockchain or whatever it is that that they're doing. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Obviously we don't care about this game tonight, but we go watch it anyway. I ain't so disrespectful but respect. Yeah, I'm a team player. We can move on man. Shout out to the JV game going on tonight man. Okay, see you. Get ready for the Finals. Alright, and MOB yesterday we're run through some scores for show the Dodgers took care of the Guardian yesterday. The Dodgers. Nah, it's a five. That's a cheating ass team. The Dodgers. Yeah bro, that's a shout. You get on Dodgers ass though. Yeah, but that's what happens when you, You know what I'm saying, you could pay whoever you go to. Yeah, yeah. He gave Ani the world and he deserves more. He deserve more. Have we ever seen anything like him? No. No. He's a creative player. Yeah. No bro. He what? Who would you compare Ani to? If we were saying football and basketball, who would you pitch? Who would you say Ani is? It's, it is really honestly kind of hard to even compare him bro.


I mean, yeah to that statue. But it's like, bro, you can't pitch and you hit home runs bro. You can do everything perfect in baseball. They made him out loud bro. He not a real person. Yeah, yeah. That's different bro. I don't think we ever seen an athlete like him. No. Nah bro. Not that can pitch and hit like that bro. No, Bo Jackson? Nobody. Nah, I don't think we, I mean Bo Jackson was a, I'm talking about in their sport. Oh I shouldn't say obviously it's better athletes. Bo Jackson can play them to every sport. Yeah. Physically for sure. Yeah. But just to see, to be that good in your sport like it is LeBron. But that's like LeBron being able to shoot like Steph Curry facts. That'll be crazy because he is like that. He can pitch and he to pitch. He can dominate both important parts of the game. Yeah. He can hit a home run and he can stop you from hitting run.


That's like being able to be the offensive player of the year and the defensive player of the year. I can control this whole game. Yeah. Single handed, like Single handedly That's coming off an injury. That's them near Michael Jordan. Yeah. Even though his stats was inflated when we, they talk about his defensive stats but he was defensive player of the year MVP all day in the same year. So only Mike. Yeah bro. He's on his way bro. He's, I don't know bro. When you do, when you do some shit by yourself pitch and hit that motherfucker. That's crazy. It's D bro. I'm better than Mike in my sport. I'm crazy. I'm crazy bro. But he ain't got no chips like Mike. He gotta get the, he gotta get the, the Nigga they played 300 games bro. Somebody, Hey bro, it is a lot of goat. He, he got tip under his brother though.


I'm pitching for sure. He ain't got what Mike got. Mike got. Yeah Mike. I mean Mu talking about multiple shit. But I'm saying bro, he's throwing the ball bro. And I gotta go hit this pole too. But it take a lot to be a good pitcher. Yo. Your defense yo, your infield gotta be in your outfield. It gotta be Supreme. Yeah, but it starts with you. Like it starts with, you gotta have your squad but it starts with you bro. Yeah it do. I mean it do. It definitely starts with you. Yeah it do. You throwing a hundred consistently across the plate. You getting that Now of course bare minimum they gonna do their job. But yeah, if you getting people out like that, you getting Ks like that and you getting home runs, bro. Nah, you, you definitely different. But he one shout out to them man. It was big payroll Dodgers. It is not a cheap team at all. No, nah. Hell nah. Carter took care of the Orioles yesterday.


Seven to four. The Tigers defeated. The Giants three to one Phillies beat the Braves two zero. The twin took care of the Braves. My Braves man. My Braves. My Braves man give up man. Four two. I Trying to roll with them. I I hate the Braves but man I, I lived in Atlanta man, fuck it. Rolling with the Braves. Hey the Braves got one of the best hats of all time. Oh God. Yeah. One of hat fired The worst teams in MLB and until I bet on them they win every time. I Bet. Yeah. The mess care. The White Sox yesterday 64 if you won to Bet don't put any money on the White Sox 'cause you would lose if I would've Bet against them, they would've won. Yeah, they're not good people right now in my book, they the bro secure of the Red Sox five, the won red Secure security Royal seven to two we should be res fans. Right. Cincinnati the closest thing to us.


Prob, I mean it depends. If you in a city and grew up Indian fan, I'm a Houston Fan. I about to say bring the Indians back. Yeah I'm a Houston Astro fan. They D two now ain't They? No they D three but they, they just feed her to the pirate system. Unfortunately I'm a Diamondbacks fan. We'll talk about them fucking up later in the show. How did you become a Diamondback fan man? Randy Johnson and them bro. Oh yeah that big bro. The big unit pulled. He was like 16 wasn't he? Yeah, Randy Johnson wanted the coldest of pitch bro. He was n her if You know he know a little bit different. They had a squad gang squad squad for sure. Alright. Cubs defeat the Rockies four to three to raid to secure the Blue Jays two zero Astros beat the sleeves off the athletic 10 To my Astros man. My dog Craig bi from back in the day.


The real cheaters. Oh six legend right There. Some cheaters still all one Of the craziest jerseys two by the way. Nah, fire damn In the top five baseball jersey Ball black with the Burn orange. Yes sir. Top tier. I want a Greg Maddox jersey. Come on. I got the old school Ryan Jersey, the Astros with the stripes with the white top. I used to bust Elite throwbacks for show. I do need even an athletics hat though. Mm. Alright, tap in. Hey Liz, y'all, y'all see the vibes? We need that y'all Yankees used to defeat the Angels three to two the Padres to defeat the Marlins. Eight to six. The Diamondbacks completely smokey yesterday against the Pirates piss my whole day off. That Was Crazy bro. Yeah, that I had a plus two on them.


They was up four to two and gave up seven bro seven runs. Oh damn that definitely fucked your bankroll up. Yeah it was something to the Diamondback, You know what I'm saying? Fucking up people. Money last to certain out least Commanders beat the sleeves off the nationals nine to one. All right man. Yesterday solidified a lot of things for the Pacers. First let's talk about the Finals man. You know what I'm saying? Two small market teams. Do y'all think that good basketball will save people watching or they ain't gonna care because of the markets anyway? I think if it's good basketball people gonna watch bro. It's hard for me to say because we are basketball fans so we in our own small little bubble, right. Yeah because we basketball heads so we're going to watch it regardless. But I'm trying to think of the masses like, hey Tyrese hot right now bro.


SJ hot right now. I think people wanna see them play. It ain't like it's some bum ass players out there. Facts. The city's ain't idea it ain't New York versus LA It ain't Charlotte versus Utah's players on the court bro. Yeah, I think people want to see that. Like you said, you got the league MVP, You know what I'm saying? Shake Good. As Alex said, it's not like they were some upset Cinderella team all year. No, they're the number one seed for a reason. Halla Burton and songs and shit. He hot as hell right now bro. WWE e you got triple A, You know what I'm saying? Pulling up. That was dope. I think. I'm just trying to think about the masses. Do they wanna see that? I think they do bro. I mean I wanna see it as a basketball fan. I think it's a great series. I I don't And I think it's going be a hell of a series bro. I don't think nobody's having Finals parties.


But that's what I'm saying, like it is the masses. Like I don't think Kro is gonna be fat. It would be fat here. Roy's gonna well here. Yeah, We just talking about If I'm in New York, am I going to the bar to watch the final game? Probably not. That's what I'm saying. Are they watching it in Atlanta? They're not gonna do all that but they gonna watch It at home bro. Is are they watching it in Atlanta? No. Nah, Nah. Yeah I feel that they turn It's back On. It's not about be a turn up, but I think people will watch it though. But I Gear is gonna be crazy. I think it's just gonna be, I think it's gonna be like background music or TV when You just go to a regular bar on A regular day. Yeah. They be like, oh the game is on. That's Actually nuts for the Finals hook lounge to be a Background. You got country music over the game bro is crazy.


I, I swear I could feel, I could see that the layers In the Knicks was playing. Oh it should be. He get off work early but I think it's gonna be good enough. Basketball. He said when people actually tune in they'll stay. I don't know if they'll jump immediately to it but I think it's gonna be good enough bump for people to they hooping. Yeah, I could see if we in a different city I could see people like, 'cause it ain't LeBron and Steph like when LeBron step, everybody sit down. Yeah it I get that. Yeah. I could see it being background shit like nigga Oh the game is on. It Actually will be. It Will. Yeah. Like the game is on because even last year, I mean outside of Boston fans who probably, You know what I'm saying, are pretty big fan base. You weren't too excited to watch that Finals last year. You kind of knew it was like, oh they going in business. I didn't really watch it like that last year. It was background music for me.


That's why I was saying that like damn, I really wasn't invested. I pretty much knew Boston was gonna win. Yeah. And wasn't really and they had Luca and Kyrie. That's crazy. Yeah. So if you can't get those going, shit. I mean ain't nobody got a chance but I think it's gonna be good enough basketball to people tap in anyway. Yeah. Hashtag so says if. Okay, see win at all. Sj get Finals. VP how do you rate him? K Russ. Okay, see history He's number one. Yeah he one then Russ, then kd. Yeah he's already matched their Finals appearance and he got a MVP so he's already up in the category high anyway. I meant that he get one of he's number one. Yeah if Tyrese get one, he the best pacer of all time. Yes bro. Okay. I'm a landslide. Yes. I like that. Yep. And nobody can't say shit about It bro.


Nah 'cause you put a banner up, you put a banner up in a building that has no banners. Top three. I give him top five if he win a chip. Top five point guards, top five point guard. He ran through, he ran through some shit this year. Top three that mean he better, he ran through some shit this year. I'm gonna go top five, I'm gonna go top five. He's tough bro because he ran through, he like you said Bro ran, he ran through. Nah bro I got five for sure. Tyrese. Nah, five. He saying he better than a lot of people bro. Tyrese Haliburton, we joke for Tyrese. No but bro he better than a lot of he win a championship in Indiana. Nah. Yeah that's what I'm saying. Top five, top three. He beat Brunson. All these niggas was ahead of him. Fuck them saying he's overrated. Like that was just some shit We had. We had what's what's my young boy from here Name.


A lot of niggas is better than him bro. He's better. Darius Garland. It was a debate by him and Darius Garland. I Darius Garland. I ain't like that debate. Shout to dg. Damn You win a chip in Indiana. Come on. Alright if you, if you win a chip he, he top three for sure. Yeah. Who? Who better? I'm not putting Luke over him. Damn. Not the chip in Indiana. Not the Person I the saw lost show team. But seriously the person won a series. I don't Give a fuck bro. Run right now. Y'all seen better Luca A I mean You win a championship in any we never had one bro. And the league is Lit. And to be fair, look at some of the teams Luca had. Luca has had help them nigga had Jayla Bruss, he had niggas. Them niggas said that SG is better than 'em then that's it.


That's it. If Tyre get a, he get a chip. He the best speech be and I fuck I'm, I'm getting the jersey. They get the shit. You get His, I'm getting his bro because I swear to God you gotta respect that. Nah. Hell yeah. He ain't played with no LeBron James. He ain't played with no Kyrie Irving. He ain't played with no Giannis entrepreneur motherfucker. But bro you gonna say he, he ain't play with no cat. But you gonna say he the best point guard in the league though. Oh I won with my niggas bro. So then Kawhi was best player in the league? Mm. Was Kawhi the best player in the league when he won? Yes bro. When I won Toronto he's better than bro. Yes. Better than all you niggas. One, I better all you niggas and I won with disperse bro.


Wow Bro I won. I could put a banner rub into so the fuck what bro. Alright bro. Now you fucking wild. Just 'cause I be with the chip shit bro. But just because that's all you niggas talk about. No just because this nigga won he not better than LeBron and Katie and these niggas. Now y'all are two fucking four in that year. I'm in that year. I'm now you not bro. In that year KD got hurt nigga they wouldn't have won and I love that champ shit. I for Toronto, I don't know but Katie got his leg exploded on TV bro they were fucking won bro. Get in the gym bro. Come to Indiana, we got the best trade set. That is a, that is a fact. I wanna shout out to Josh and Carl. Y'all are the best in the business at what y'all fuck. Tommy Hall is not the best point guard in B and I fuck with him. He's how he's Haliburton this year.


You have to give it to him next year bro. No I don't. He overall he not better than so good. I top five bro. But I'm saying if I win a championship and bring him to Indianapolis then you just won a championship. I'm better than all you niggas bro. And I what I'm saying too And I been killing, he has been killing and I had the best game in the whole NBA playoffs so far. 15 assists, no turnovers bro. Fuck all you niggas bro. Better than y'all. No he not. He's not bro. I like his energy from being here. He's not Luca. So he better than SGA If he wins. No bro. Hey so if he, if he be SGA for the chip Bro. He's not bro. Y'all nigga's tripping bro. You wouldn't be able to tell me no different. That's fine. I I'm the most, if I did it, I would Feel Yeah, that's what I'm saying.


But I've been, it's not me I'm watching so I'm just, I've been blasted as the most overrated player in the NBA since game 10. God damnit I done ran through this shit bro. I would feel the same way if it was me, I and I might even know Patriot fan but I fuck with that bro. If you win bro you can't, you're not better than me nigga. None of you niggas is better than me. Jalen Brunson is healthy bro. He could literally say, niggas are saying Jalen Brunson is way better than Tyrese Haliburton. I'm busting your ass bro. Yeah I see you on that switch and I see Christmas. Yeah I'm nothing bro. That's crazy to me. Shit, I'm better than y'all this year bro. You gonna have to show me next year that you better than me. But right now I'm rolling with, I'm rolling with I like the energy. Yeah I'm not, I'm not saying like overall like if we did a, a mock draft or whatever but this year y'all got me fucked up.


I ran through this play playoff shit bro. We was not supposed to be here bro. Oh me, he's killing. I fucked as a pacer fan made me sound like a pacer fan but I sort of Nah clip it up. I like this energy for being here. I'm rolling bro. Bro I'm rolling Jaylen Bro. All that wwe, let's make it for real. This is the real shit. That's the script. This is the real shit. I'm fucking y'all. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Shout out to the w I'm let you get your, I'm gonna let you get your shit off but don't disrespect what I like all this shit, all this other shit. Fake W wwe. That's the real, that's What the real come out. I Ain't, I ain't gonna disrespect WWE because


You know we Partners listen wwe, we would never be sitting where we were sitting. No. Shout to cge. Listen, see Cge. If you ever need tickets go shot top in the seat Geek Club five. Tony At WWE though. I ain't. We need NBA final stickers. Yeah since y'all we highlighting no promo code for the free ski promo code club five 20 off. But if you want to send us to the playoffs Finals courtside please we would love to go. I ain't gonna lie to you.


Shout out to WWE e Y'all always make my experiences there really, really good. I feel like a legend shout y'all make me feel like I'm really somebody when I go there. I appreciate that and I would, I'm looking forward to Summer Slam. What the the hell you got my boy number one? Yeah now some real shit bro. Just I'm better than y'all this year bro. I'm not niggas can't they play injured teams. We joke about that all the time bro. I guess timing is everything. He was at the bottoms of fact was just saying this Tyrese damn near bro bro. And now y'all see we number we we be seeing Tyrese in person in Jones. This shit with each other bro. Prisoner of the moment bro. No I'm not Prisoner the moment I've never been a prisoner of the moment. I'm just saying I am my thing To be overcome all this. You will fuck us being wrong. He overcame all this shit bro.


Oh he didn't over the league shit bro has been killing y'all niggas had Reggie Miller. I swear to God Tys better than fucking Reggie Miller. Y'all used to gas him bro. I never in the nineties. Well you was a motherfucker. You was pulling in your pamper nigga when they was fucking gassing. How big Reggie Miller was? Nigga said Reggie got blocked by Tayshawn. I didn't give a fuck about that. That was the end of chapter B. DJ was Reggie Miller Jeff? No. Reggie Miller was the biggest shit here ever bro. Tyrese did that same love. I get It but I ain't gonna lie. I never, I never see, I never looked at Reggie Miller. No the Ball Reggie. That's all I know. Damn y'all niggas As well shouts to Shaw person. People From Indiana know how big Reggie was. Reggie Miller was A big, I know he big. I'm not saying He was big across the whole NBA Reggie blew It just got ugly when his, his bitch blew up the house bro.


That's why I was like oh he ain't one of us. For real. Shout to arson Boost Mobile verified buckets. Who was getting to it yesterday? Man Ty re bro. Best for G in the league bro. Get all the Buckets bro. 32 15 to 12. I'm get to be though. 20 and 12. That's the real adversity because my coach really hate me nigga. Nigga was mad I was killed. Yeah every buck he wanted to take that nigga down. As soon as he got the opportunity he pulled. I was like damn Bro. He said ah fuck his ass out there let double real cook Man let me tell you something Jim Curry, that nigga started getting shitty That nigga He looked just like it. Oh God. Hey I like the fact that Rick's intro music is mini man it's fire to me.


That's crazy For sure. Shout to music math man. 20 points to 12 minutes. My boy got to it AKA showed up yesterday for show and five my verified bucket man y'all already know who it is. Shout out to my girl Kelsey Plum and now my new second favorite player de Erica Bie. Yo. Y'all lost but y'all both got buckets last night. 27 y. Y'all tighten up man out there man. And I life far I to come out to a game. Yeah Man. Shout out to Angel. Reach for another double double. We breaking kg record man. For real. Alright well so who needs some encouragement This morning? That's some haters man. Shout out to the real AR man. Okay. Twin.


Oh Lord. Oh yeah. Kendrick, Kendrick, Kendrick LeBron, what did they all have in common while they was playing in the league? They all were family men. Oh my god. They all were married with kids. And if you think that don't play a role in far as the role model. This is facts. This is not something that I'm making. Hello? But this is not something that I'm making up Steve. Now what happened? What happened to 'em after they retired? That's their business but while they are playing on what's playing, they were family men married. Whoa Kendrick we rock with you.


But that take is stupid bro. Kendrick. But what you do in your home don't affect your work life all times Bro. He bro, he big as hell. Yeah we need Kendrick on the show for 'cause you gotta break that down. Yeah bro. And we gotta get on your ass about that 'cause that's out of pocket. That's Crazy bro. Bro. Bringing that nigga family and this shit, this nigga's a felony man. Just 'cause he don't got a wife don't mean locked into his people. Yeah shit. He got documentary series on YouTube with him fucking with his family every day. Yeah. So all that shit lying. Yeah. Why? That's why I bro. Yeah that shit lying and and if you wanna be realistic and look into that more then You know there was deeper than just people with Mary Bow there, people going through some crazy stuff at the height of their career bro. Man We do want him to clean up his off the court shit. But don't, don't bring that. Don't do that bro. Like damn. And like bro said like bro you in the league bro.


You was one of us like you breaking the cold for real now. Nah nah They had to like chill bro. When Stephen they Stephen they out pocket so he even saying relax bro. Bro Don't bring that up man. Yeah that that wasn't a good time. It's a lie niggas that could be the face of the league right now that ain't married bro. Yeah that it don't got nothing to do with that fan. All The way out. Fuck It. Me. Yeah I be joking and shit but I nah I ain't never doing that shit like that. Yeah bro. We gonna need to explain on something that one bro. Especially a young fellow too. He young man he was probably 24, 23. Jason Tatum not married talking about he shut up He 23 man. Yeah I'm Here we gotta holler at you. I'm here. You get somebody game you really want help him But that to use that for a take that's nasty And on that platform though to say that on ESPN there's too many people who just can't wait to agree with some shit like that.


You know what they look like. That's crazy. That's that's move on from that. That's nasty work. You gotta keep that off the air man. If you wanna really holler at a nigga or tell him to be something you can talk to him, hit him up like hey bro you should probably clean this up 'cause you got an ability to be a billionaire. Yeah, yeah. You know some real shit instead of on TV and do that. Hey if you wanna be a face of the league you need to clean up your have a family. That ain't true. It's you can, it is all different kind of families out here. It's a whole different world. He might shit all his girls might be cool, we don't know shit Or he just might not want to get married Or Yeah he might that they Really like Or you don't know somebody personally to know how their home life really gets. Yeah. How they really rocking you just shit, you don't know how we aint rocking. Yeah I mean I mean the reports are out but Nah, but I'm saying We don't gotta bring it up.


I the reports we know more than we should for sure but I mean explain it up. But you don't ever say that's why I'm not this though bro. Like Just don't say nothing about it bro. Like yeah we go leave that alone. What's understood ain't gotta be explained. Let's move on man. Those who understand tweaking out and look at B big B sweat face bro. He's like oh shit what he about to say on this microphone? It's funny as hell. Indianapolis, Indiana, we got some big wigs from the big city in the building. Spike Lee is here And he's the goat Stiller Is here. Shout to Ben Stiller man Timothy is here. Yeah definitely boo him Let's these sons up.


Bitch let's turn this shit. Boy thought he WWE and he to shit out Rick here. I'm not but Pat, Pat back. He's The, I'm gonna tell you right now if that's anybody else that they're getting escorted out to Arena, you call people bitches bro. In the family apartment. Pat back do whatever the hell he wants To bro. Push the head Coach bro. That nigga even from here bro. Nah he is one of us now bro. Yeah, he's from here now bro. He's one of us.


Who More from him here? Orland, Stevenson, Pat. Oh, Pat. Pat. Okay. Thousand. Shit. They love Lance Hero. They do love Lance Too. They went crazy yesterday. They did Said George Hill. Didn't nobody say shit. No bro. They said and he really from, he got more love than Jermaine O'Neal bro. He did. That's a fact. They went nuts bro. That is crazy. Played The song and shit Bro. That's crazy. Love him bro. Yeah he went crazy for that. That's dope. They love that man. Pat McAfee is really wild. The fact that he got that off is crazy bro. I love Pat mc. He do whatever he wants to Pat bro. He do whatever he want. He live and you can't control him. No bro Because they love that shit. Nah, he nuts. Nah, he got cracking back. He did that. I said we Lose 'cause of this. It's gonna be crazy though.


He ain't gonna give a fuck. Nah, he don't give no fuck. He Gonna get a show like oh my bad guys for sure. Oh man. Seeing You know what I'm saying? Inside the NBA was dope yesterday too man. I hate the fact that they're gone after this man. They've gave us some great memories man. One of my favorite TV shows of all time, man. I hope they figure something out. We need to hear more from them. Man. And I back one of the best shows ever. I heard they was trying to get him to go to ES espn. Yeah, Chuck is off there. Yeah, it's a lot of people who is going to probably stop that Chuck is the first one Because of him being nothing on the, He said they worked too much Off that bro. He is a fool man. Yeah Man. I don't know what's gonna happen man, but we gotta hear more from him SL to inside the NBA man, one of the best TV shows of all time.


Very important to basketball. Know people feel differently about it but they gave us years of great basketball content. We deserve. We appreciate them man.


Yeah, like we said, tap in for that 25 Boost Mobile, unlimited text, unlimited data, all the above. Tap in 5G Nationwide. It's nationwide ain't, You know the vibes everywhere. That is everywhere. Yeah. Tap in, get that burner phone you need, You know what I'm saying. For the side Quest, shout to Boost Mobile. We'll be back same time tomorrow, five 20 In The Morning.


The volume


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


The Made for This Mountain podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during mental health awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


A lot of times big economic forces show up in our lives in small ways. Four days A week I would buy two cups of banana pudding, but the price has gone up. So now I only buy one Small but important ways from tech billionaires to the bond market to yeah, banana pudding if it's happening in business. Our new podcast is on it. I'm Max Chaffin. And I'm Stacey Vanek Smith. So listen to everybody's business on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right Back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.