
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself


Men. If you're ready to reclaim your edge, listen up. I used to be held back by constant bathroom trips with multiple wake-ups during my sleep and looking for restrooms whenever I was out. Then I discovered better man. After just two months I started experiencing fewer trips to the bathroom, less urge to go and I even slept through some nights. I feel a noticeable boost in my overall well-being. Even sexual stamina. It gives me the freedom and confidence to live life on my terms. Better man is clinically tested and trusted by thousands of men over 25 years. Ready to take back control. Go to be better now. Dot com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the DA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary


The Volume. Good morning, laugh through the pain. We gonna start to show off with the well so far brother, be here immediately. Please lift him up in prayer. My boy's going through it this morning but he gonna bounce back strong. You know what it is your favorite morning show five 20 In The Morning. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Everybody pulled up this morning. We got moot. We got Bishop Young Nacho fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing bro? Chilling bro. Come on man. Another wonderful night. Play out basketball. Let's get straight to it. And he had the pages to go ahead and sent the Cleveland Cavaliers back on home where they belong. Took care of Business Owner road yesterday. Shout to Superstar Tyrese, Halliburton 31, 8 and six.


Holding it down AKA had 21 8 and five play off. Drew Andrew Nihar. Went crazy with 18 to six. Nah, don't name him that. Yeah, that's play off Drew. You will respect it. Pacers and five. Yeah, talk about it. We already talked about it. Yes, we are here baby. Yeah, that's how we win. Shout to the coach of the year defensive player in the year. All 60 games. Didn't fucking matter. Meet us at Brothers We live. We will be at Kilroy soon. Don't worry about it. Picture's on us. Yes sir. Turn the fuck up. For sure man. Donovan Mitchell did everything he could yesterday. He was clearly hurt. 35 and nine. Tried his best. Evan Moby had 24 and 11. Man, what a game. Yesterday. The Cleveland Cavaliers gave their best effort in the first quarter.


Came out strong. Yeah. Last game of the season. Fought they little hearts out, tried everything they could do. Still didn't fucking matter. Built a fucking ass. Yeah, I'm a Tyrese Hall Burton. Really, really, really hooped out yesterday. Yeah. And that solidified him as like, like you said now I'm not gonna say a superstar but definitely a star. I think we all knew he was good obviously. But that moment right there, I feel like he took a step because that was a game that they could have easily gave away. Right? Yeah, most definitely. I mean Cleveland came out with a first punch played well or whatever it was, but Tyres responded and it was literally him responding every single time And he had a hell of a game yesterday. Most definitely. Like you said, Cleveland came out first quarter.


They looked like the Cleveland had seen all season, second quarter. It was really Tyrese verse them. Yeah, Tyrese kept us in the game. Went crazy. He had 15 in the second quarter I believe. Also little confused with Cleveland's recipe. They was kicking our ass down low. Yeah. We had no answer for Jerry Allen. Evan Mobi got active very early and they just went away from it. It is when they subbed and You know took non out and then Darius Garland's on the floor by himself, they started playing through him. Obviously he's hurt and he couldn't make a shot but they started playing through him and it's like, man Evan Mobley was ice on them getting to the basket. Jerry Allens getting and pick and rolls. Keep that formula going but they just don't have enough.


Like they don't have enough off of off the bench. They have no scores off the bench. Nah, Facts bro. Yeah and also the pretty much almost DNP except for Denver Court for Todd. Jerome was really interesting as well. Switch up from Kenny Atkinson. I was a little surprised by that. He ain't did nothing, didn't make an adjustment bro. Was he was killing Us. Really? Yeah, it is what it is. He didn't do nothing all serious. That is true. But they need a dynamic score off the bench. Like I don't know being, I mean I know you watch the game but You know Deandre Hunter can play but he wasn't ever a guy Guy. Like you didn't look at him to get bucket like that. I kind kind of did though bro. And then in Atlanta he was a buckethead. He get You 15.


Yeah but bucket. So y'all need a, y'all need a what's y'all boy from the Nets y need that type of vibe. Yeah, yeah. Instant offense. Okay. The reason he was getting that with that 18 to 20 points a game with Atlanta Is because of Trey Young. Trey Young created his offense, You know what I mean? Like D Hunt can score, he can make, get a bucket, whatever. But when Trey Young going downhill making a passes that he making putting that much pressure on you, you start seeing like okay it's a little different when I'm playing with Darius Garland, they don't make these same reads or I don't got the same live threats where this guy doesn't draw just as much of his attention. Okay. You know what I mean? And D Mitch can do that but he's a score. Yeah, Nah for sure.


He who plays Shay and an So yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean, trying Bucket. I see what you're saying. I just thought to me, I just thought he was a guaranteed bucket no matter what team he go to. Nah, Most, I mean for me. So clearly He 15 points a game for sure. Yeah, that's, that's where he is. And on the team like Cleveland Cavaliers, he might be fourth and fifth in far as p as far as getting the ball. Yeah but I'm saying Jeff was just talking about personnel, how niggas actually hooped though. Yeah. People, other people. So that matters. Yeah. So that does matter. So that's A good point. Like if you put Cam Thomas wherever you wanna put him, he's going to score, he's going to score the ball. He had Kevin Durant, James Harden, Kyrie Irving, I don't care. Somehow he was still scoring the ball. That's just him bro. He gets buckets, fla. Yeah And that's not his. That's not him.


He can score but that's not him. Yeah you and you look also man we gonna talk about later in the show, but Max Drew told everybody Don show up unless you ready to play. Oh boy what'd he go shit O for nine o Boy. What? Hey I love him type of tape. I would've blocked his ass so fast he would get the fuck off my phone. That bullshit. You know? You know it's crazy. I was thinking about that when I was driving here when I was late I was like if they would've text me that when I played for Milwaukee when we first played Brooklyn, like if y'all believe after the first two games, I think I would've went ho because I was thinking I like Younis would've text that to the group like if y'all don't believe we could win this shit, I might've been like big but see the fuck.


I see that's cool Though bro. If Giannis text that like Max Truce. Yeah, max Truce wild bro. I get it. But you can't come out That your, your locker room trash. Yeah the vibing locker room week. You gave up zero, you scored zero and gave up 31 because Max, max is just supposed to put the exclamation marks on the text. Somebody said That Max he's supposed to be the one. He's not the, he thought he was about to get that LeBron moment. Supposed that's what LeBron text when they was down three one And then the many of some hoes. Yeah. Didn't have to put that on tv. I didn't even get that text bro. Nah bro. Expose them bro. They said I didn't know about this. They said Tristan told him don't put nah nah for real that a joke. They said Tristan about TT get Get TT the fuck outta he in there playing the Cleveland look At this.


Hey He was like nah I was here with LeBron texting. Look at nigga, I forgot he was there for that. Yeah he got both those texts. I think double T about to just go up to the up top. Man he about start working in the frog. No he not. He gonna play another season on his team. Obviously they had minutes for help. Fuck it. Why not? No, nah I they gotta rearranged. He I don't believe in blowing up team. Well What wifey say Tristan look a little heavy out there. I say yeah it's time go front office. I waking in the parking. Y'all like that. My nigga do look a little heavy but he already Walked like kid Smith so I'm trying to think who was equivalent of y'all team who could send that tick because I don't wanna say Brett for but it was me, me literally me. If Y ain't locked in, if y'all all ready to play or Pj, PJ sent a text like that nigga is like bro But he played but PJ played shit Say I love PJ but I'm just saying that lock the Guy.


Yeah He wanted type. I get that bro. I mean I get talking about for performance. Yeah he want that from like yo star to say that if for it to translate. Yeah because Max Drew say some shit like that. You know we love pg but if PJ go and score oh four nine they go like nigga what the fuck we about to kick your ass Bro. Nah You know what if my boy shout to ta Oxis got out there and say hey lock. Yeah he do it though and they got respect. That's his key. He probably sent that to Yeah that's his vibe bro. Because he the real assistant coach anyway. My boy Jackie, I the type of people gonna send him texts bro. I think he might have said that after the game 'cause that's the moment I said I packed my truck up at PJ Star laughing and he had said something after that but I can't remember. I gotta ask pj 'cause PJ was laughing so you Gotta how who's qualified to send the text like that star and the Buzz starters starters start, he was qualified tag on PJ Tucker type nigga.


Oh okay. So first team all morale we can only Oh okay. Niggas they people really respect. Gotcha, gotcha. Yeah because like on our squad like I'd be, I'd be sick of Bishop, he sent the text like hey lock a fm, get off my line with that. Oh. Oh man Super chat Caleb Dailey said Jeffrey Behill who was better in college? K Lucas or Jacob Pullin. Jacob Pull Yeah y'all know who I'm tapped in. K Jacob Pullin Shout out to K Lucas though. He was a dynamic, dynamic high school player but it didn't, it didn't transfer to college like Jacob Pullin game. Hey Jacob Pullin I'm going Kansas State versus Xavier one of my favorite NCA turn games of all time. Jordan Pop Crazy. Yeah Jacob Pullin Kahoot K. Good question though bro. K Lucas was good. Oh yeah Respect. But Jacob Pullin I like his game a little more though.


Shot town. Proli. Baller says keep that same energy t we don't wanna see hating at the parade neither. You must be white. It's crazy. Nigga Called you Tigger. Yeah he gotta be white. That's crazy. The ER is crazy but his response Yeah you want to call me a nigga must be white with a T if you white er you gonna have to explain yourself brother. Matter fact you got a as his profile. See that? That's our production team fall. Y'all about to have niggas tweak and we really don't know If he's Caucasian with prolific ballers. We got a lot of conversation to have Because that's really Beasley That is that calling me Tinker another phone for the bullshit. Who is the next nigga?


What You doing? I can't say your name. X-A-A-R-O-N. Respect be here. What you doing for Girl Tribe Hailey Bailey after she put the pause on you, we are not answering outta this show Sir. What the fuck Girl, Girl Tribe put the man Respect to that situation. Moving on the Cleveland Cavaliers though. And I see a lot of, You know what I'm saying? Speculation. You know what happens when you lose? I Like a little role play. No that's not what Oh some other shit. Move On please. I'm trying to save this. I Respect what do you do as offseason? Scene the cast. Yeah because a lot of people are saying You know they need to make some moves because they're tired of this core team. Do you give him You know running back next year or you say you gotta make off season? Nah I Think you keep the core.


Jared Allen, Evan Mobley, Darius Garland and Donovan Mitchell but they so prone to injury. Mm Like their guards. Donvan Mitchell always hurt like you every time you get to the playoffs Donovan Mitchell gets hurt man keep that team. Don't nobody wanna go to Cleveland bro. Yeah don't nobody wanna go best y get bro. They gotta get some reinforcements. LeBron ain't coming through that door. Not at all. Oh he's not coming back there Jordan. No Bro saying they just need some more door. They that Saying keep that shit and get a couple bench pieces bro. Yeah get some like get a Jordan Clarkson. Okay. Yeah somebody you could get a Cam Thomas, whoever it is or another wing. Some of the adorable players that can actually score the ball. They offense was shit was Yeah this or a hooper when you hurt Once Indiana locked in there was nothing naked.


Dude I have Dean no disrespect to D Wade but Dean Wade was out there trying to make plays. Yeah the white D Wade, he gotta change his name. Yeah bro you need, you gotta stop being D Wade telling this NBA nigga to change his name is crazy was name. That's what my parents name is. Yeah. Real anyway. No it's no offense but anytime I see I was about to say something three white dudes on the court. Yeah we in trouble. We in trouble bro. DI basketball in NBA quiet we come man we got Dean Wade out there Ty Jerome and then you had Sam Merl at times Woo nasty work and come on you are the patients. We come from having all the white players in the NBA we gotta, we ain't out there with it. Y'all will wi Yeah we gotta do better facts. I went, when P said to me she said is it all like is that regular players on our team?


I said man that's crazy. Pete thought they had the G League out there. Yeah she was like that's their regular player. I said man yeah she was like oh they're not gonna win. I got the Pacers. I was like there we go. I can't finish box. This is where the Pacers blew 'em out. Oh Lord. I was like, we was in the basement watching and then they just started beating their ass up like yeah I got the Pacers too. Shit get wicked for show. But yeah I don't know what they're gonna do. I think they should just run it back like you said held or whatever. At least. At least until Allstar break. Then from there if it looks spooky you do what you gotta do. But give welcome to the Cleveland Cavaliers man I had a hell of a regular season. We move Jamie Delo the super chat says he I need the lay for tonight. I'm trying to evict her for the summer.


And where does Tyrese rank in pgs Shout to the real Ashanti and the picture Bible. Yeah you too tapped in. He is tapped in show Shout to you bro. I'm gonna get you that light but Tyree, where you ranking the pgs? He he, he surpassed Darius Garland last night. I mean I remember when we had that list at one point I think we had put Darius Garland before him. I didn't like that list but, but I got him probably like seven or eight. Is he better than Trey Young? No. Okay. He must say Slice Tre Young didn't better team I respect, I mean he better than Trey Young bro. But nah, hey man be good. That spot go crazy. I fuck with Tyrese but he not better than re young.


Nah he playing real basketball. Nah anywhere you anywhere you put them niggas he going cook him. If it's college, high school NBA like when you, when you be good your whole life I start putting more respect on you. You can't be a prisoner at the moment either. Yeah Tre Young is cold for sure he's hoop but he not, he not better than Tre Young. Hell nah he not better than Jalen Brunson. I'll say one A, one B in the, in the east right now. Jalen Tyrese. Man stop. He not better than Ja. Marant got chill bro. Ja Marant is not in the east. He's the West Chill bro. Nah, nah just at PG spirit. I'm just, I mean when it's time to win. Hey so far when you he's hooping bro. You taking Ja or Tyree Hall?


I'm taking Ja Mar. Oh okay. You taking decent, you taking Jay, you taking Jaylen Bruss or you taking Tyree? Ur depends on the team but you can't lose Jaylen bros bro. Man stop man come on all I'm done. I know you his, his bias is crazy but Jaylen bro, his bias, I seen my nigga beat him last year. His bias is too crazy. I seen a beat last year. Yeah well I seen him beat him last year. No you seen his team beat his team bro. Yeah, no I seen him team beat my team Don Beat. You've never seen Tyrese, Gar Jayla Brunson stop. Let's Go Will Jayla. Brunson's gonna be hedging them balls shout to our schemes, You know what I'm saying? You gotta play the game game. That nigga is gonna be hedging ball schemes. I I never respected people who didn't guard matchup. He about seven. He about seven. Eight. Yeah Seven because Kyrie and them still better than him.


Yeah, Steph still better than Shay. Yeah Bro he, I never liked guys who didn't guard matchup though. Well we gonna see it. Right. I didn't like that. We gonna see it like get cooked like it. It is okay if you igon get cooked. We try to win. Yeah I'm just, we gonna play the right play. What I'm saying you me more question let's win the game. Keep hedging them ball screens we to win. No I do whatever y'all do for y'all scheme but like when it comes to like just matching up player for player like I get if you on guard him the whole game but like 75% of the game if that's your matchup Bro should have some moments. Niggas ain't good at defense. Yeah I get it. But if I'm gonna be the best, like if I'm considering myself one of the top point guards I wanna play against him and guard him. Like that's why when we used to go against D Rose like I knew D Rose was the best but it's like fuck it.


If he cooked me, he cooked me but like he gonna respect me. He ain't gonna know. I was like hiding in the corner like you ain't gonna go keep if you want to guard you not that bad of a defender bro. Tyrese is not a he's nah he he got now I say in these playoffs he has Jay Bru least gonna try. Jay Brunson can't guard no fucking body bro. Nah, he got the tools to be able to guard. They all got, everybody got the tools to guard. They just don't want to 'cause they wanna score they they primary scorers or whatever. But that's what I used to respect about D Rose and them niggas, they was the primary scorers and they still would guard they match up. He one of them type of people though. De Rose and CCP would do it. He take Ron would do it. Hell Rondo liked their there Bru, Halliburton, Brunson, All the people like that bro. Huh? Halliburton or Cook Brunson.


Yeah because Brunson ain't gonna force him too. He too tall. He ain't gonna force him too tall, Tall and vice versa. It is quiet both ways but hey man I love to see but that's what I used to, that's what I was used to watching basketball like you be like I get what what you're saying shit. Yeah and for Jay bro D will verse CP bro if I gotta score 41st of win y'all gonna play defense different now. So that's how I feel bro. If I gotta get 31st of win 40 y'all go play defense bro. I'm yeah bro this is how this works. I gotta do something nigga. Yeah I gotta help me out. I got Josh right out here bro. It ain't 'cause I'm about to pass on the ball. I score guard, I gotta everything bro. Yeah we paid first five but five first off offense is my bridges. You nigga y getting a a lot of money around this motherfucker do something. I feel y'all. I feel with Tyrese like MA go Chase the point guard nigga. Yeah I'm nothing on, I'm on the wing bro.


I remember when they told me I probably should have been hedging but when I was in Milwaukee and I had her leg and they was like with Kyrie you got Ky, whoever it was, it was like you switching with Kyrie and James Harden, the only one you gonna hedge on is kd. And at first they told me the hedge and Drew Holiday was like hedge you going hedge. I like you got me fucked up. Hell no. What fucking guy we got that ball da da that. Yeah playing Times came Ball came right out. Should have Been heads God Damnit Mix and master by nigga See trying to get us into who's better match. We just win the game. Competitor bro. I'll guard anybody. I that'd be fun though to watch bro. Just as far as winning the game head to ball.


That Real, that's a real spar. Yeah like if I see you come down the court, we down a regular season, we trying to win the chip. I'm saying if I see you coming down the court and y'all and you like say something, you remember that clip for Paul Pierce, Paul Pearson Ton Al Haron. I like that kind of shit. I do too. That's walking people down now motherfucker Really? You remember when dude was like nah I got him. He like nah motherfucker would've really moved now. Oh you got him? Okay I'm gonna go ahead and get outta there. Nah yeah Ben Shepherd gonna run over there. Facts and Tyrese gonna run the other way. Get his ass killed. Yeah. Hey Tyree, all you gotta do is win bro. It don't matter how win game. I feel it Super Check Cas Taylor every time this door is open. So we get ceased on five 20 day 4:00 PM Boy be there at three 30 if for Real fan. Yeah tap in for the Love Barbie starts on time. We are not on CP time 'cause it's not our venue.


So please live five 17 this Saturday, five 20 day pull up to the city if you ain't got tickets. Hate that for you. If you do got tickets slide, we might have a couple available at the Just pull up y'all but Come on time, don't be on CP time. Ask him where we at. Ain't nobody answering the Phone just just come regardless y'all like we think everybody gonna come that bought a ticket for sure. But just pull up. We want everybody to get in. They pull up on us if we can So Yeah and if you can't get in call Mike. Yeah Todd and the super chat say what's good failures. I think Ace Bailey would be a good fit for the 76 ERs no comp. You see him in the league? No 'cause he ain't gonna get to shoot the ball. I hate, I hate him with the Sixers. I hate the Sixers retweet. Nah send him somewhere else but if he goes him To Charlotte bro.


Yeah let him let him crash out him crash out. Oh man that's gonna be tough. Nah for real though. I don't hate the Sixers but I just think they got him already. Obviously Paul George Darrell a max deal. Yeah and he's not going anywhere. And then the young boy that came from Kentucky last year shout to Justin. Yeah he got same is Ace Bailey to me It's no room. There's no room bro. And then you still got Tyrese. Maxie was shooting the ball then you got the young Jared McCain who was damn near killing before he got hurt. Yep. It just ain't no room for him. Kelly Re is still there. Caleb Martin, he gonna be on that bench man. He need to go to, honestly he need to go to like Utah. Oh man. Don't send my boy today man.


Nah I'm saying shit off he go get the play shit I'm saying as far as basketball. Nah you right city who gives a damn but They let Isaiah get his shit off Isaiah call. Yeah, yeah that's why when I seen the mock draft him off. Nah he need to go to Utah. Yeah the mock drop. I seen him possibly getting Jeremiah fierce. I'm like damn man this guy Isaiah K going like nah they ain't gonna get him. You know so that would be a tough look for him. They need to get Ace baby. That's some bullshit. Ace Bailey need to go to a plex like that where he can just shine get his shit off. It ain't no pressures. Mm. And he can become a better player. They coaches, they got a really good coach, really good young coach that probably can relate to him a little better but he needs some work 'cause he, he his shot selection's trash but he got a lot of potential so he need a place where he can grow.


He can't go nowhere where they got championship aspirations. Yeah and that's Philly for sure. And I wanted to ask you about this while we here. I seen a lot of people say if the Spurs could get picked to get Dylan Harper too and they was like yeah you got D Fox now but he could be yo your future off the bench. Could that happen? Could that work? D Fox 27 young bro. Yeah. How long he gonna sit out on the bench behind it? He gonna kill Dylan career. He young bro. It ain't like D Fox 33. Nah I gotcha. He like 27, 28 he young bro. And about to get paid what again? Yeah. Yeah. It ain't gonna be no to young boy. The only thing I do like about Dylan is he is 6 4 6 5. Yeah. So he could play alongside. 'cause he aint one thing about Dion Fox, he can play with other guards.


I I a lot of point guards can't do that. D Fox can he played with Tyree, Halliburton he played with the little dude Malik mentioned he Yeah and he played with CP last year so he know how to play with other guards. But I just think Castle being there is just a, I think he's a better player than Dylan Harper. He played with a CP that is chilling too CP don't overly want the ball. Harper need the ball now bro. That's how he, I know how and I think Fox need the ball too. Yeah but and Castle he Yeah and him and him and Castle already got a good connection. They already got a good, I just don't like that fear for him. And most importantly Victor Omana is gonna be getting all them touches so everybody else gonna be getting trickle effect. So yeah it really ain't gonna be no looks but I feel like Fox would've hated playing with CP early.


Fuck hated that New Orleans not Lord it work. I I ain't gonna lie. CP played well with other guards. Yeah we saw that. Okay. See for sure played well. Played guard. He played good with when Janero Pargo was there in New Orleans he played with James Jamal Crawford like Pargo is cool 'cause he a shooter. He on space out for him and shit. He bro, okay. Jamal Crawford CP played good with James CP come off the pond though. I mean Jamal Crawford come off the pond. Yeah but he played 30 minutes. Yeah he played with cp. He played with James hard. He depend on what type of jam. For real, I mean he need the pill do his thing. But CP strictly the, I ain't gonna lie cp, he actually a really good teammate. Nah, he a hell of a like people better all that.


He know he a good player but I mean people always talk about his shit. You know he off the court talking shit, all that shit, whatever. But he really do know how to like play with good players. So yeah every team he go to instantly becomes better. Yeah. Yeah that's a fact. That's a fact for sure. Shout out to CP from the play games all the way to the finals.


Now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase score. Ready to place your first bet. Download Draftking Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus. Be bets Italy Make it a playoff for us to remember with DraftKings. Download a DraftKings sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes right but on up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans degree. Whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bring it back. That OG cool rush cent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself


Men. If you're ready to reclaim your edge, listen up. I used to be held back by constant bathroom trips with multiple wake-ups during my sleep and looking for restrooms whenever I was out. Then I discovered better man. After just two months I started experiencing fewer trips to the bathroom, less urge to go and I even slept through some nights. I feel a noticeable boost in my overall wellbeing. Even sexual stamina. It gives me the freedom and competence to live life on my terms. Better managed clinically tested and trusted by thousands of men over 25 years. Ready to take back control. Go to bebe now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the DA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease uses ect. Individual results may vary.


I'm just really interested to see how this like the first couple picks gonna go. 'cause we talking about teams that pretty much got what they got, they gonna adjust but they don't necessarily need young talent. So we might see some. I think somebody, I think, I think they gonna trade that too. Pick, I can see some draft not trades for sure. Alright man. Moving on to, oh actually sorry who is Reef my bad doggy. Do the horns have a chance to make the piss Pistons type comeback with a fully healthy team? Shout to kin Drake by the way. No, no. Nah. I don't know if you wanna put any belief in Charlotte Hornets, You know in my dogs but yeah he's gotta learn how to play together. They got the talent or my mama, they got the, they need Tobias hairs like Yeah type of guys that bring it together bro. I don't know if they got the, they got talent, they got Grant Williams but I don't know if they, nah I'm gonna just go on a limb and say nah.


Yeah I don't think so bro. Like they veterans are still veterans that's fighting for the stay in the league. Mm. Like You know what I mean? And no disrespect to them 'cause I would've, I coulda been y'all too. But You know Seth Curry, he still like shit I need another year. I Got you And them is good. They all good like locker room guys. They changed the mentality over here. Yeah but these dude is fighting but like you gotta think about Brent Williams. Yeah. Like grandma and them still turned bro Bridges. They still turned up. I don't know if they trying to hear all that bro. They gonna get 40 don't have fun bro. Yeah but you gotta think like the veterans that came to Detroit, like Tobias Harris, he up 300 million. Yeah. Or whatever. He up and he just got a new contract.


He cool. Tim Hardaway up. Yeah he cool. They wanna see do good K. Yeah like all they play good we going to, we got, we might get three more years. Our young boy kill it. You know what I mean? That's true bro. Everybody a different, I Just think they got the talent though. They got talented players bro. Miles is really good. No they definitely got talent. Brandon Miller's fire bro. He ball, He The culture Of Detroit right now. Yeah, I see what y'all saying though. But like, like Tys Gibson is, they better. And I, You know I love Taj. That's my dog but Ty like shit I scrape one more year out this motherfucker like it is that kind of vibe like Taj is starting out. He's not supposed to be doing that shit. Yeah. But he like everybody there is like scraping one more year.


Like they're veterans is like I can actually still play. Yeah. And I'm on a deal. Yeah they don't got no Al Horford over there. Nah that's what I'm saying. Them type of players they, they just change. Don't that over there. They don't got no Tobias Harris. Exactly. Like if Grant Williams, Joseph buy Grant Williams trying to play for a second contract. Yeah. He like fuck I, I just signed this deal. I'm trying to get another one after that. Like you've been in three teams in two years. The ball bro. I'm trying to get Pace. Yeah. Yeah to buy. Harris ain't worried about that. He don't care. Yeah. Facts bro. So man fell to the Hornets as well. Yesterday's second game was crazy as well. Man Thunder with the W. Yesterday take a three, two lead over the Nuggets. That was a big win. One 12 to 1 0 5. Yeah Joker did his best.


44 in 44 minutes. 15 rebounds, five assists. That boy scared The shit outta me. Murray 28 and four. If Joker get 44 and Murray get 28, they gotta win that game bro. Got to, that Ain't get nothing from Michael Porter. We had six people that had the double figures too yesterday. I'm just saying ain't gonna get no better than that bro. It is though. 'cause I Gave you 44. Yeah but Michael Porter has to give you 15. He Hasn't gave us 15 and I don't know how long He Can't lift his arms up bro. If they lose Series Porter, y'all had to stop saying get him the fuck out the game. Only play. He Might be because he hurt. They might be like he hurt Bro. He, how many minutes he play yesterday? Nine. I'm nothing bro. I can't lift my arm. You shit you are, you're eligible bro. Bro. He went won for seven yesterday.


Who is on the bench bro? Who They gonna put In one of y'all other niggas? It's 15 people in the NBA bro. Foreign niggas. Why did you circle Gira, Georgia first? That's out pocket nigga. He is not the self junior To Be honest though. I rather you play with no arms Yo. Play Deandre get in here in lockdown. To be honest man. Zeke Najee is on a deal bro. They pay him. They do. He in 32 million. Yeah. I don't know why he a year. Nah, no, no, No eight. Oh boy. I about to Say he four year 32. I don't know That nigga. He my favorite NBA player. He getting paid real money. He, he get 32 year and I playing. I'm getting the, I'm respecting the hustle On Me.


Nah, he getting 8 million a year but he haven't got a chance at all. Like that's crazy. He throw him in there bro. Y'all paying him bro. Yeah, I mean Michael Port Don't work bro. That's what happened. Start Peyton Watson. Well and then give this man a chance. He making 32 8 million a year. Yeah bro. I told y'all Michael Porter is the reason why they losing this series. I'm glad because I wanna see Okay see win. But I swear to God he's the reason Bro. 'cause they have 44 and 28 bro. Right. Yeah we can't give you no more than that bro. How many? He's in 29 bro. He played 10 minutes this year. Oh he got 30. Damn boy I came in the league the wrong time. Damn boy. Shit, think about that bro. He don't get in that game. And that was my first game. You Averaging three and make it 30. How they come up with that number Boy, you're fired boy.


John say his agent you average three. Okay we gonna get him 32 million. Talking about Mac Christy, that's the real thing nigga. I was averaging 14 and eight Boy you was sweating every day and I was averaging 15 and eight. Boy he is an Allstar. He getting that same bread. You Allstars crazy Laughing at me boy. Boy. Nigga at the warehouse they gotta get the better the job Shit. They got broke out in ho for that 42. That 32 risk it all. He did it off the strip. Yeah. Kicking it. Jeff's trying to get that team leader job. Hell Trying Vest get green. Vest Crazy.


It's crazy when you work a job with people they start acting different when they get their little ne vest like whole ass nigga. Nah that is fucking crazy. I love that chilling bro. I love that bro. Shout way. What number is say he making your pay? Eight 30. Woo. We cow your cheese round this. Well yes we are. We at 24 too. We got another deal. Celebrate you. I celebrate y'all. Yeah he'd like it. He's he's straight forever more money. Russ bro. Russ out there playing his life. He's straight for life now man. 4 32 SGA. The Royal VP showed up yesterday 31 76. Jay Williams had 18 to nine. Yep. That was a hell of a game yesterday. Shout out to Che too. Yeah, Aren Gordon can guard bro. Switch. Okay. Too much.


Like Too much. My boy got that pity Patty. Mm. Seven one a hundred and ten pounds. Freaking H. Hey that nigga is 7 1 2 0 5. Hey for real bro. That's what they said. Like 7 1 2 5 and he went six for nine yesterday. That picture is real. God damnit. Yeah, He, he's definitely no Photoshop nigga. I weigh more than him. Me too. That's crazy. Yeah Bro, he was killing bro. That's shout to them. That was a good team win though. For sure. Yeah, I I'm with you on that Mo. If, if our two stars give it that performance, we gotta get that game. You got to. You got to go. You gotta get that game. Got to man. Where do you go from there? It's over. You just need, you not get no better than that Bro. Just need 15 bro. That's all.


Let's, let's We go back to the Denver nigga. Who you asking for extra 15 points. Run. Blow it up Mike. Pause. No we're going back to the, the stat box from yesterday game. Thank you. Blow it up. It's crazy. Yeah, joker was tired as hell yesterday. He played 44 minutes. Christian bro with three for 12. That Christian Brown Get Christian bro. Listen Russ won for seven. Ru For four. Ru has to give you a little more but we asking a lot for Russ but Russ gimme 15, four Shots bro. Don't gimme one for seven. Yeah bro you can hit two layups. I got, I got Gimme 15. I ain't putting that smart on Russ. Three Make one three bro you can't go over for three. Chris. LeBron two Freight from three. I need more from that. The pressure is on Michael Porter bro. Michael Porter is $150 million nigga if not more. He nah, it is for sure but he's Hurt bro.


It's the Fact that he's playing Russ on the minimum bro. Stop playing bro. Yes, That's coaching. Stop playing. You are fucking the game bro. Mike Malone would not go for that. No Him running around bro. You getting cardio bro. That's it. Nothing bro. Bro not really know if we're being a defender either. So Especially He close that one arm bro. Get off the court bro. That is Tough man. Shout to my boys. Don't get that Dubby. Okay, how we feeling now bro? To the finals baby Game. Six Thursday it's gonna go seven. Okay. You think they gonna bounce back? Yeah. Yoko ain't going out like no hoe at The crib? Yeah I got, I got it going seven. It better not go seven bro. You better not bro. Gonna Say how you feeling boo? This how this Michael Porter still playing 30 minutes a game bro.


It is over bro. Man Joker gonna make something shake in game seven. Nah bro. He gonna have to have 75 bro. He, he might, He gonna have to break Kobe record. No, say we seen him get 60 now he might. Nigga, nigga bro. Kobe record game seven. We're smoking. He break Kobe record on y'all. Oh my God bro. Game seven dunk Wanna see that He the best player Ever bro. He could retire but it's over though bro. They had a good run. Shout out to the Nuggets yo. 'cause you played your life away this year bro. You did. You denar? Yeah. If you give p honestly I don't give a fuck no more. You, you doing a lot on this team bro. He ain't, bro. He's done have any guys for player SJ second half. I know we were talking about his playoff war early on. He showed up when it mattered. Three, two lead.


He's getting const Strided a good time. Nah, he he, he hooped last night. But yeah. When y'all watch him or y'all like, because You know KC play a lot like played enough on tv. Not a lot but enough. Like when y'all watch it, do y'all believe it? Like do y'all believe like that's he's gonna take them to the promised land. This game's so smooth, bro. He he, to me it looks so easy to You. I get what you're saying. Yeah, I don't, I I don't personally he's cold bro. But I don't know. I just, I don't believe it. Yeah I just don't, I don't believe he can take him to the championship. Mm. Or to win a championship. I just don't believe it. It don't gimme that like, like a, like a joker feel like LeBron like you like Y'all niggas but y'all like turned up.


Niggas Y don't like chill. Y'all like Lil John East side boys mystical no limit like yeah nah he more chill bro. He more j Cole you feel Me? He's cold bro. I, I don't, He just relaxed bro. And he get to it. He do get to it. I do get to it but I'm saying as far as That is bro. Y'all like rah rah niggas bro. It's not about, nah don't Y'all like aggressive players bro. Y'all do bro. I love y'all know Ed my favorite player. I get it. He, He aggressive As hell. But I'm saying if Ed was on his team, y'all be, y'all believe more I really feel like was on y'all. I think he like got to capabilities that lead a team to a championship. Like I feel it with Anthony Edwards like because He played both sides. Yeah.


And I feel like the moments happen how his energy just different bro. Yeah. Like I just feel like the moments like going to happen. Like I play against the best. I play the best like and I'm gonna make y'all rise to the occasion with him. Yeah. I ain't mad at that. I just don't know like even though Denver's a hell of a team and yo is I to be the MVP and he having an MVP year too. Shay Yeah probably gonna be the MVP most definitely he going against a talented guy but I still don't feel like, like I just said, if they go to gang seven I believe in Joker. Yeah I He just got the way he's willing these young boys bro. But I don't know he turned up. I don't if he really willing, He's willing bro on his back bro. His bro, He not willing them. Nah is Denver, he's the vibe bro.


Well, is willing I would say if you gonna say who's Is is he's willing bro. Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad, He like, I'm giving That's, that's a different type of work I'm Making. Y'all do shit. Y'all know y'all can't do. Like what like what was his stat line last night? SGA, what'd he shoot from the field? 12 to 23. 52%. Yeah that ain't bad but I'm just saying like I just, everybody else be having moments like you said Che be step up Chet Che did his thing. Len Williams gonna have moments like yeah hard sign seven for 10 yesterday definitely showed up. Yeah like new do hit some clut shots yesterday. Yeah it it is a team effort over there. Hell of a team. They AAU team bro. Yeah he is an R but take him off bro.


Day guard bro. He's Average is 30 bro. He can't just take away 34. He's really like that y'all. I see what y'all, I'm not saying he not That's what I all that's what I'm saying. I'm covering it up. I know what y'all saying bro. But I like I said I think 'cause Anthony Edwards played both sides of the ball and he a little bit more aggressive. Y'all will fuck with him more on KC. It just, it just More believable. I don't know why it just, nah, it just, You know I gave seven verse him and Joker. I'm like I don't know You know the energy it is like you could feel like even if Anthony Edwards having a bad game for some reason you feel like they gonna win, he gonna make a Play. Is end doing more with less? Nah, he doing more with less to me. But I just feel like I'm saying I don't, I don't disagree with that type.


I think last year obviously You know how good of a player Kat is but what a he did with that Timber Bull team last year to get to the conference finals. I think he willed a lot of that even though Kat was super talented. Nah, we had never seen Kat play at that level before. Nah we being honest Kat one of the best players in the NBA for like the last five years. KC he ain't had nobody that we would say was besides Shay that was good in the last five years. The rest of 'em dudes were some young pups like yeah Jaylen Williams the only all star you can play with in this little run they've been having these last couple of years. And he was like barely an Allstar. Yeah him, him having Kat automatically make his team better. Alright Now he got JR and Dante and Allstar then he had JR been an Allstar.


Rudy Gober been defensive player of year like five times. Mike Conley been a Allstar. It's just he got more, Mike was an all star. Yeah. Hm. I think he made once about to fact check that but hey shout him out. Nah, Mike made an Allstar too So, so let's just jump. Fuck it. We about to be off Timber wolves verse KC y'all see it going 5, 6, 7. That Gonna be a goodie. I got Timberwolves but we know Timberwolves and Warrior still play but the Warriors are cooked. Yeah it's, it is three ball league. There's a prediction. I mean anything happens. We're Expecting Timberwolves win the series that could go seven K, c and Timberwolves that could go seven I I just think that the Timberwolves guard Okay see Guard too.


They do but it is just a energy like Jay mcds and them, they might push Shay down like oh they're going to. Yeah. You know what I mean? He is, he's Going to, he's on that And you talk about that head-to-head matchup like you said in the fourth quarter a's gonna want to go a gonna want to guard he actually that's gonna be the fire A fire series bro. Yeah. Okay. We ain't gotta harp too much on them but I just wanted to see now I'm be a fire series. Alright so obviously tonight well we all going on game six with the Warriors. No we're not talking about that. Oh I what the fuck, who else playing Celtics? Yeah we can talk about that game too. I was talking about for this to wrap this up with because we won't be Thursday Celtics.


Oh we ain't gotta talk about that either. I'm not. I'm done with Celtic. I was just trying to say a game six prediction for nuggets and Okay C six we is here but fuck we can move on. I I got different winning game six. Y'all got different winning. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. So we'll see if possibly game seven for sure. Alright, tonight as well. Nick Celtics sober tired the Celtics bro. Jaylen Brown hoop out tonight. I need you to see the serious game. I'm not saying they gonna lose, I'm just tired of them bro. Okay. Enough. I think the Celtics gonna win but I do think they gonna win tonight but I'm just, I'm just, I don't wanna watch a thousand threes. Yeah I'm tired of him bro. Damn. The only reason I fucked with the Celtics is because Jason Tatu my dog but I don't wanna watch him shoot a thousand threes without him out there.


He probably will win tonight but I just, I'm tired of him bro. Even I Payton Prichard, I fuck with Peyton too. Even not even talking about the game Al Hoover too. The crazy part about this. I guess that's a couple more people you shout out. Shout Celtics God damnit then my niggas owe that The guy Real Celtic unfortunate injury for jt. Obviously we get the official report yesterday. Yeah that changes everything for this franchise. Now you look at a team on the bird, you're going to possibly back to back or even retooling for next year. Another run salary cap. This team will be different next year. What do y'all expect? You know what's gonna be like really good about that is they gonna trade some of these guys. Right. They're probably gonna get rid of Drew probably gonna get rid of kp.


Kp. Yeah it's probably gonna be Peyton Pri gonna be super solid after 'cause he got that team friendly contract but they not gonna get rid of him. Derrick White and JB it'll be they team next year. Right? Yep. They probably be mid, if one of them get hurt they'll probably be a lottery team and matter of fact you'll have a lottery pick with Jason Tatum coming back, You know What else all and now you got another rebrand for the Celtics. You know else all as well they has been saying You know from the money situation that You know possibly JB may be on the market because You know what I'm saying? You look at Houston and Mad U Doka. Yeah. Like some of those teams that's looking for that next. I love it. You could move with a lottery pick for that and then if You know what I'm saying, you tank out next year you got a young star and even the team you go to Jason Tanner return and a high draft pick.


Yeah. You've seen this happen before. I love it. Brad Stevens get to work. I think it's a great plan. I I love it. Would you trade Jaylen Brown to the Rockets and include the twin? Yeah, I I think I threw that out there. Would you include the twin though? That's what I'm saying. You, you mentioned I too bro. Yeah I want the twin. I nothing on Houston without that twin. He's a young Jaylen brown. Mm. Now if you're Houston you get JB what else you gotta keep on this team to make you feel like it's worthwhile 'cause You know Thompson's the future. Well JB Iss a big deal. Keep going. Well obviously. Okay. Obviously a buddy's gone. Frank Van lik he gone. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He he can't make that money no more.


But that's tough. Probably need him. Shit. I gonna say now what do you do now? Because I mean you could get him back just gotta restructure the deal. Yeah, but I'm that 40, that 42 probably ain't gonna be it. Yeah, that ain't it for sure. Good Shit Fred. Oh yeah, that's, that's luck real quick. I paid more to Kyrie that off season. I said yeah forever and Fleet agent is elite. Yeah but he, he probably ain't gonna get that. Yeah you gotta move on from that. So we all made mistakes. Right. But on it up to them it's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree cool Rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well but the fans, the Grease whole thing, it turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og. Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool Chris and Fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti perran for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself


Men. If you're ready to reclaim your edge, listen up. I used to be held back by constant bathroom trips with multiple wake up during my sleep and looking for restrooms whenever I was out. Then I discovered better man. After just two months I started experiencing fewer trips to the bathroom, less urge to go and I even slept through some nights. I feel a noticeable boost in my overall wellbeing, even sexual stamina. It gives me the freedom and competence to live life on my terms. Better Man is clinically tested and trusted by thousands of men over 25 years. Ready to take back control. Go to bebe now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Uses ect. Individual results may vary


Also. Even San Antonio also I mentioned as well. Possibly they could move that two pick, maybe even 14. Maybe a player as well could combine them and get jb. That's a hell of a squad over there. JB on the Spurs. Ooh, They are a raw business. That's a tough ass squad. That's some money they spending over there. D Fox about to get the re up. Yeah. Jalen Brown on 300 and Wendy on deck. You know the vibe. Wendy about to get a crazy ticket but you can move ell, Kelvin Johnson. Those two picks. Even Cy Crime. Here's some bars can go and here's some Martin. Y'all niggas left on Steal after too. Yeah, We get Jelly Brown. They can go, they Can go.


Oh yeah, I'll trade all that soccer On something. Yeah. Yeah. If your name not win B Fox or Castle. Ooh that, that's now if you Boston, you got extra Castle that trade, they are Can have em. No, my momma can have 'em. We can have 'em bro. I need Brown. You can have them bro. I need 'em. That's a, that's a hell of a situation. I'm Rolling. Fuck that nigga bro. Come on On. Give me the two and a 14 pick. Fox wouldn't be around Ell Castle and Castle. Ooh man. Throw in HB to make the money match up. We'd have a 13 meter. I would be so happy if I'm boss. I say oh we, we done got a chip out you. Yeah. That's all we need. Got some young guns back in return.


I'm rolling. Great. And the salary about to sit out for a year. Yeah. Take your time King. We will get another lottery pick. We get get another pick. The NBA will cheat for them as well. They'll get AJ Ben turn it up. Oh man. Ain from out there or something. Where the nigga From? I ain't probably Congo. I don't know his word. Just my fault. Where AJ from at this point? He's from Utah. That's all. Know he from Congo? Yeah He from the gang Theban. Him and The bands are too freaky. That ain't, that ain't in the English ies That nigga. Hey man, where is he from man? All the glasses is wicked man. Well The internet play too much man. That nigga probably from Detroit from Hey I said look he from out there. Okay. He from Massachusetts.


Hey. Okay. All right. Alright. I'm starting to see some shit. It is either Utah or Boston. What is that? What is his first name? No wonder why they call him aj. Oh Okay. Yeah he might be something now he's something else. His daddy is something else. Yeah, we gotta check his lens for sure. Yeah, I'm gonna say right now if the EBA does that to Utah two years in a row bro they gonna lose it bro. If they don't get HJS bro, they gonna uncover all the secrets in the NBA bro. That's even better though. If I'm boss, I want the two pick. Mm. I want Buddy from Kansas Facts. Yeah p he's cold. Yeah. Facts. I want him. He's silly bro. Yeah, yeah. I ain't mad. All right man. We, You know what I'm saying. Hypothetic is going crazy. Should be a great off season for sure man.


Worst timber wolves. You already went through that. Yeah man. Get well soon. Make a hoop out, get paid. Go to Charlotte. Thanks. Fuck it. Yeah, go to Washington. Yeah, he's a, yeah, he's a, he better Washington in Bullet. Bring the bullet back for sure. Put the guns down for sure. Alright, five buckets we was getting to yesterday. Oh man. SGA. I'm rolling. Okay, that's it. 31 piece 20, the second half did what he was supposed to do. Mo yoic bro. God damn. Give this wil numbers bro. Gimme some help. 44, 15 to five. What more can I do? Tell you who you got? I'm gonna go with Aren e Smith.


Okay. He made some big shots yesterday. I don't know. Hey Aren e Smith was hooping in the first half. Captain in the game. Tony start hooping. Yeah, he was hooping. Yeah, but shout to Tyrese. 31, 8 and six and close out game. That's what stars stu for show. Nah, he hooped. Alright, get well soon. Please load up the Max Stru clip. Max Stru boy. Go back to Miami. Text message was sent down. He thought he was LeBron. I do. Yeah. We knew y'all was done when y'all gave up 40 points in the first half. That boy. Oh for nah. Yeah. Yeah. You cannot tell everybody to show up to work hard at work. Highly fucking, they didn't do what you did yesterday. LeBron James Holly fucking hooping where the lamb was said he was overrated. Quiet as hell.


That boy nice. Even more so everyone would love to play with. We are not taking any offers from Los Angeles. Lakers good to LeBron. Thank you. They said LeBron was one of the main people voting on the thing. They said LeBron got him overrated. LeBron is the culprit. They said LeBron started the whole thing all he say You know what happens, LeBron so sharp people out, they get to move it around. Hey man, leave my team alone. LeBron. Thank you Charles. LeBron Man somebody clip of LeBron reading that book again man. I need to see that man. Y'all seen the one when they talking about how fast a nigga read a book or I seen a clip where the person stacking groceries and dude like he moving fast. All he do is moving his head. He like That bull should as cash Year.


That nigga was moving slow. They said that nigga moving fast slow. His shirt was just moving but his hands Bro put the slow nigga against register. That nigga was moving fast, slow had tear fast. Slow is crazy. Oh. Enough to get well. Suit N PJ Two points, one for seven. Amen. Stop, keep throwing the game bro. The real fix The real blue chips. Thank you. He tapped in with his brother the lineage. He said we gonna secure these s one way or another. God damnit. We walked his brother like you still playing? I got a new phone.


Who? This is crazy. I got a new phone. You still shooting tonight? He like, we get off my line. Shit. Yo, your shoulder really hurt. You sure I'm gonna take the under on your 10. Just play 40 fucking minutes. He took the under the six. I'm take the under on that 10. Man you go, you was up. You was a guaranteed 10 tonight. I'ma take the under. This is crazy bro. That he plays this long. F PJ say last hitting Gs. For real. For real. Oh man. Last but certain not least. That gotta be a fucked up feeling bro. Man, your brother bent on your game. You go under. I'm just, I don't even know why I'm saying he probably on your unders nigga if you took move under.


That's crazy. That nigga under me, man. I be shitty. Hell aint no nigga 12 call your, how you feeling tonight? Yeah, that nigga 10 good. Got me at 18 there nigga. He talking. Hell shout to the lady, the show. Oh man. Listen, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back. Same time. Five 20 In The Morning. The Volume


okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush. Deodorant fans rebelled. One of the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Men. If you're ready to reclaim your edge, listen up. I used to be held back by constant bathroom trips with multiple wake up during my sleep and looking for restrooms whenever I was out. Then I discovered better man. After just two months I started experiencing fewer trips to the bathroom, less urge to go and I even slept through some nights. I feel a noticeable boost in my overall wellbeing. Even sexual stamina. It gives me the freedom and competence to live life on my terms. Better managed, clinically tested and trusted by thousands of men over 25 years. Ready to take back control. Go to Bebe now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the DA. This product is intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use this directed individual results may vary


In honor of military appreciation month. Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% A PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.