
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, Meer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family. When you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat cops, new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app Now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


The Volume. Good morning, happy Monday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show. We got a full house man, we all surviving from the Hendrick experience yesterday. Man, be here. Why you do that to everybody in the city yesterday? Man, I could barely talk man. I appreciate the city and the surrounding cities that pulled up on me yesterday. Hey, The thunderstorm, y'all pulled up the party man. You know what time it is? For sure. Yeah, It was a tornado for sure. Yeah man, I been host DJ Wells. I got Bishop Nacho. Five 20 Mook. Everybody here this morning. Let's get your to it man. Yeah, we got a lot to talk about. Get Well Soon to kd. We'll talk about that a little bit later, but at least eight Mo. What's going on man? We got the final four. Let's talk to these games which took place this weekend.


Man walks and Clay Clayton, bro. MVP of the whole shit. Okay. He's acting a fool out there. Okay, I like that. Did this twice bro. He did it to Ucon. Ran it back the other day, bro. He's going crazy for sure, man. Before you get there, Mo, we had talked about Kentucky and Tennessee. Oh, we didn't get to catch bro. Aw damn man. You, you, you notified bro. I told you disappointed. I told you what my boy was gonna do man. What's his name? Ziegler. He was on your ass. They all was killing bro. We was just not trying though. We wasn't playing defense. We wasn't reading. Man, I'm at the game shit.


I'm yelling like the fans for real like this some bullshit. But I see how y'all feel on Twitter now. Man, this shit's crazy. But did you see, did you see my posts? Yeah. Did you see the colors? This is all pulling out. They was cussing me out him because I reposted. They ain't got you lined up for no reason. Got cuss out? No. What happened? What happened though? Like what your take from the game bro. I made Tennessee shot great. If they would've played how they played yesterday? They got the, they ass kicked yesterday. They wanna hit everything against us. Yeah, we wasn't rebounding. We just, it ain't look like we was trying to win bro. Man we can talk about that game. Houston took care of Tennessee yesterday. 69 or 50. It was definitely belt to ass situation. Tennessee had what, 15, 17 points going into the hat.


Crazy. It was disgusting. Yeah, making shot Ziegler was too small for them. Yeah, that small shit wasn't working at all. Yeah, like damn, why we couldn't do that shit? Is that a testament to Tennessee just having a bad shoot night or is Houston's defense really like that? Houston one of the best defensive teams in the country, but they always one of the best defensive teams in the country since Kelvin Sampson. They trap ball screens talk about it and they got big guards. Obviously they got a lot of older players and that that helps with you. You know what I mean? They've all been, You know, been through the, You know, the rigors of the season or whatever played a couple of years, all been battle tested and having those big guards like that, like a small guy like Ziegel that's kind of, You know, kind of frustrating. Plus you trap all ball screens now.


They, defense was just unbelievable and that's why I think it could be a little tougher Duke going forward. But Duke got, so they got the same size, You know they start even more 6, 5, 6, 6 across the board. 6, 5, 6, 6 or up across the board. So it might be a challenge for Houston but I'm looking forward to that game. Houston shoot that ball too. Yeah they do. They shoot that three ball like yeah, most definitely. Another crazy game. The Florida Texas Tech game man. We talked about why Clay Junior going crazy but did Texas Tech smoke that? Yeah, they smoked it. They missed free throws. Yeah, they gave up open threes. They smoked it. What's crazy is like they, they missed the one in ones obviously but was Yeah, Clayton Junior, some of them shots.


They wasn't bad defense. Yeah it just like, damn you shot that like one time he had a layup, he runs back out and shoots a three like Steph Curry and he hits it. It is like you can't really game plan for that. Somebody, You know they gave a big fella dare threes, they gave him, just watched him shoot. He, he started off, he hit the two threes. Clayton went crazy after that. Yeah, yeah. And that's some big shots by that. That kid he been playing. Well I heard he is moving up on the draft boards after the couple of those games. Bet. But hey this is time to get paid. That's what happens. Yeah, he played well and he made some big shots but Texas Tech blew that. They blew it. They was up what they played 12? Yeah man, that's, that's got up.


They blew that. Yeah that blew, that p played great bro. They coaches going through it right now. Yeah and and that ain't his fault. That's the crazy part either. But those, those two misses on the top ends of the one oh ones hurt. They killed hurt. They hurt because if you convert one of those it's up. Yeah they hit two threes And I kind of want to Texas take the win. I think it's gonna be a better game for Florida and Auburn. But I want Texas Tech to win just because I know they're, they're never getting back here. Do we feel like Auburn can win without the big fella? You know he went down, he came back in the game. He just fine. Okay. He gonna play. Yeah he came back, hit Three, he Came back in, he thought his paw Pierce shit. He said his shoulder kind of. I Don't know. That might could affect him though. Mooky Ray. I think they, You know That's gonna be valuable piece.


He a young fella so I ain't about to say he got an excuse but that's gonna play a role. Yeah, but he, he was celebrating at the end of the game. Yeah, Auburn took care of Michigan State yesterday 70 to 64. It was close game. But then Auburn imposed their will like you said bro. He went out for a minute. He came back in but he ball yesterday. Yeah, yeah Ball yesterday 25, 14. I told y Michigan State cannot score bro. They can't score. That was very true. It got ugly that second half. I wonder if my guy hitting the portal Shout out to my boy. Jay Napkins though. Akins man. Yeah he had a good run baby. What About my boy? Is he hitting the portal? Who? The dunker? Nah, nah. Hell no. Jason Rich, No hitting the portal. Our guy from here nap.


Oh is Avery Booker. Oh Big fell. Oh he got too bro. Y'all still hit the portal? I forgot he was on the team that hit the portal. Portal. He pulled Y'all talking about portal. He trying to Figure out who he talking about and he Yeah, but but that's what I'm saying. Stay. You don't need to hit the portal. Oh I can barely talk y'all. I'm shitty because I want to yell. Don't leave bro. What? Stay home bro. Everybody Jay all them. They about to go. They about to leave. This your time to step up bro. You about to be a junior. This your year bro. Where you going go? He might need to Smaller. Smaller. Yeah some we're smaller bro. Where he can compete at a What's smaller? BYU?


No, No he need to go. That's too stay away from, he might need to go through the horizon league. He, he's not a, We thinking Canada in the portal. Ohio should Canada in the portal. That's how might have a spot Canada need to go to Miami, Ohio. Canada didn't have a spot So can even get no sat. See he might be gonna see your favorite school might be he got UNC ties. They said that might be a play. I ain't mad at it. Nah, speaking of any of the kids. Flory big guy from Kansas. He said four. Everybody need to come down Step He, he shoulda Tony, I'm about to keep it real. We we have, You know we keep it real. He should have went to Duke. He for sure should've Would because he would've man run block, rebound.


Yep. Yep. And you would've been going to NBA and instead you went for that bag. That's where we go. Yeah, James's got the biggest bag now your ass in the portal out To Shire boy. You turned them Africans up out there. Hey buddy, buddy Deon South. I be standing from Africa but he, he is from Africa. He's That's what we say Lu South team. Okay. He a top 10 pick for sure. Yeah, No I just be saying everybody from Africa but because he look like Well everybody just come on home can and can just go to Indiana. Look IU has no players in the roster. Yeah, all y'all welcome. We put a team together IU right now let's go. This shit right here is all three of y'all fault. Why? Nobody in the history.


This IEPU, I ain't even got shit like this going on. This is Bris. Steve's college bro. One of the biggest, the whole team left the whole team skate Itall niggas bro. You always show, tell everybody go where you celebration, not tolerate it. They were not celebrating there. It's only for the hoes. This right here is a disgrace of that university bro. We About to buy you back. We too. So listen two Big Flory and Xavier Booker, Xavier Booker and Flurry come back. Ryan go to IU one more year. Come on. Fuck it buddy from Michigan State come too. Alright Ryan. Everybody come if Ryan, if y'all give Ryan, Ryan Calwell come Calwell y get Ryan.


This is, This show is joke. We are, we're literally putting IU a great basketball team together. Officer Grip's a cool squad. Kenny and Catchings come on him 600. Nah he got Bader get him 400. Okay come back to iu. You gotta take a hit. Yeah you gotta take hit tough You and then you prove yourself. So we got Flory, Catchings, Xavier Booker, Xavier Booker we got, we got a hundred for Xavier Booker. Yeah got a hundred. We got a hundred And I Gs either you Raggedy ass nigga in this college come make a hundred man hundred. Man we ain't talking about police father. The game in college I To work till I get it but I'm talking about like for this top a hundred. Y'all got me fucked up.


Nah Pay what you bro. Bro he ain't in the play. He ain't playing. We did not see you in any of the Elite eight games. We didn't see you in Sweet 16. We didn't see you in the ride of 32. I'm still uneducated about the portal man. Y'all got it bro. We have a hundred. It is just crazy. I never seen the whole team leave bro. Me either. He need but Ryan ain't gonna need 2 million though. Yeah we got, we got 1 1 5 and Ryan gonna get 20 points a game so he deserves it. Whatever we Got one five, We Who gonna be the point guard though? We gotta get a PG and then we got a five for iu. Damn we gotta find somebody. We got so many, it's 800 niggas. I said we in the portal. We gotta get a old head outta the portal. No, no, no, No. Okay just bring, let Mikey Williams come run Y pg. No no. Turn your school up.


Hell No. Turn down. Turn Y'all school. Mikey Pull up. Shout to Mikey but we going a different direction. Yeah we're going that the direction. I'm Brady. How much need to get Braden, IU break now we gotta win. We ain't two and a half need two too. Two and a half give Bro. If Brayden goes to IU on my, we got Brad five Braden? Yeah at the league. The league Purdue go to IU Getting five. Yeah he getting three and a half. Gotta get five. That's that's really dangerous. Yeah it gonna be different. He really playing with playing with his mental health. You yo got security So hey I wanted to ask y'all the Purdue game.


Yeah. Leaving the inbound. Is that out of pocket? Yeah they did it the whole game. Yeah. Great play by Samson bro. Yeah we waited till the last minute. Made that adjustment. Yeah. Got him where he, but I told you everybody said they was gonna get their ass beat. I told you Idu, they just well coached bro. Yeah and they got and Braden the hooper for sure. Okay man. Final Four matchups. We got Duke verse Houston Bullshit. Everybody had a good run. Y'all know it is Cooper Flagg to the end. Yeah. Get will Sir. I I'm rolling with Houston bro. Oh You gotta stand on your shit. I say Houston was gonna win it all. I'm gonna stick with my pick. I just think they got enough. I don't give a damn about who you are. Fuck. You know what I mean?


They they, they group just got enough of that. Yeah. Yeah Like I don't give a damn. I see it when they play like I don't give like I don't care who we playing. A lot of people come in they lose the dude just off of they be scared like Alabama. Yeah the first five minutes you can tell like ah yeah they not, they not messing with them. They too nervous. True. And they had them little bitty guards Houston and got them little bitty guards. Yeah you ain't posting up them little bitty. Yeah they ain't going. That's Cool bro. We got proctor, we got great African proctor is gonna be the got Cooper flag bro. And Colin Be balling. Yeah double K bro. He be balling Bro. They whole team. That's Our nigga. What's rp?


What's the nigga that from the Knicks that died school. That's right. Anthony Mason. Oh Con he a bulldog down there Con yeah. Yeah. Nah he is a hooper Hooper though. No but I'm saying though he, his rebound ability in post work bro is unmatched bro. Houston don't got nothing for him. You talking about Con that nigga's the shooter? Yeah he On post up. He was in the post bro last game. Y'all watch he was getting buckets nigga down low last game. I mean he You talking about the same player, the white Boy. Yeah I know you talking about Yes bro nigga he build white boy. Yes Bro. He gets buckets everywhere. But this is my thing. They ain't seen the Houston defense nobody. They haven't played one team in the country. They play Auburn in the pre, I mean the non-conference.


But they haven't played a team that played like defense like Houston. They're going to trap these fools everywhere. So Proctor all them open threes and all that stuff. He hey bro My boy hot now That trapping shit can backfire. I was gonna say no that that shit can backfire but the thing is they rotate so well like they bigs don't move like normal Bigs like to play for Houston. You gotta be a athletic damn near football type of big where I can move. I get off the line. Well because they trapped and they fly around and they, they ain't gonna let you punk 'em. Duke been punking people punk. Duke ain't even a school that punk people. No I don't think, I don't think they gonna get punked. We just better. Yeah That's a fact. They punked Auburn.


We just better, I mean Alabama a lot of NBA players on this team. Yeah Bro. And I ain't shit different. And I think you said the keys to that game. If they gonna be doing that trapping, if Proctor can be in some of them 4 0 3 situations and he knocking down shots or they get advantage in that, that could be the GameBreaker shot. Nah he light skinned man. No offense. They About to go at him. That was Offense about to go at him Proctor. Man we going At him man. He been hooping I ain't gonna lie Proctor before the season. He wrong bro. He good. You been playing well you was, you started off, you the only person I know been at Duke that long. They started There you go Jon, you And Quin Cook the only person be at Duke for that long. You ain't no joke pull Up. How old them Houston niggas here? They Was at the Hendrick experience last night with me Guy.


That type of Yeah Big been there for a long time. Yeah bro lock in bro. Man if you look at Duke usually You know it's a lot of one and dones, you don't really see people stay at Duke that long. Okay. Like Proctor at Duke, he John Shire, You know Smith That be with Premier Meir the real sixth year before Covid he was the first Covid athlete. Alright, now the next game Florida versus Auburn. It's a SEC game. That's a tough game. I'm gonna go 'cause Florida beat them at Auburn. I like Auburn too but I don't know Florida explosive bro. I I'm just not a fan of Auburn bro.


I why though? Y'all gotta say why why That game is they, I this is no offense to big guys. I hate watching somebody throw the ball in a post every fucking play. It looks so weak. Yeah but if it's effective bro, like you, you ain't gonna run from what's affected. I just Hate his braids so much bro. That's I do. I really do bro. Like he gotta get that cut bro. See he say he needs some bc you talking about this nigga hate I just hate his brother. You know I ain't gonna lie crazy. No, no, no. I was watching this game. Somebody said that bro just cut cut that shit Just, it's not always me on this show.


Nah But You know what's so his performance the reason I reason I actually like this kid though 'cause I, I was scouting at that time when I was scouting And I went to go see him at Murray State. Johnny bro. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I went to Evansville and they had a whatever I went, they had a tournament in Evansville And I had to end up going And I went to go watch this guy and they like man he an NBA player And I didn't see it. I was like hell no. And I see him be damn near national player of the year almost at least running for it. Yeah it is like damn maybe I didn't have the eye 'cause I at that time I did not see it. Yeah he probably got better too though. He been putting in work.


Oh definitely 25 and 14 is crazy Because when I seen him he was just shooting a bunch of threes at Murray State And I just wasn't a fan of it. I think, I think Auburn will pull it out though. They got a, they got a lot of firepower bro because it ain't just him Pettiford, the old light-skinned dude can get high there not a lot of players bro. Y'all keep telling me about Pettiford every time I watch him he play bad. The last game before this he killed. That's what I'm saying. I was watching the first half. Well maybe it's you you gotta stop watching. Yeah I'm saying the first half because Michigan, he he put belts ass. No what I'm saying the first half against Michigan I was watching and he ain't do nothing and then so I turned it off. I'm like yeah he probably want you to keep your tv. He nobody niggas comparing him to Him. That's I don't like, I don't like that.


And I actually he shit he play Brandon Jens though when I was watching him he do, he don't play like he play Brandon Jens that little both of y'all in there I can see. No, no hell no. Hell no. You combination mo Nah hell no. I play like Jeremiah Fierce. I put like fierce Jeremiah not the one Michigan State, Oklahoma State making me, Hey he be making, that's his brother Mo Paul like the brother I Oklahoma. That's funny. No I know Shane super chat beat here. I know you seen double them Whoever went where.


I hope all five of these cameras see me right now. Y'all have to stop bro. Y'all now this is how bad this platform is And I hate it. Y'all got this girl's family reaching out to me now talking about this mayback music stuff. I don't want to shout you out because I would've but you violated me. You caught me a whole ass nigga in my, in my deals And I had fuck with that but that's YouTube, Twitter and Instagram's fault bro. I don't know double li I just nicknamed her And you call me. This stands May so she look crazy. Continue to take me off things mill. We'll make sure he sees it here on this podcast.


Oh my god. Mayback Music. See y'all trying to clean this show. I like this Mayback music. Sweet. I been super chat be here looks like a half breed of Dexter Lauren and quit wi and t Likee. Listen I'm not even in the mood to Joe. Why Y'all roast roasting if we can't, if we can't see your ab we you go get torched. Yeah put your whole family together Bro. Your name is gonna die bro. Get the fuck off of it. Like I ain't ing this more. Oh man let's get straight to it man. NBA it was a lot of action last night. Built a ass situation. Minnesota took care of the Pistons. 1 23 and 1 0 4 AE went crazy. 25 and six. The real JR. 26 and eight. Your boy Rudy had 19 and 25 yesterday at Malik B 27 Rudy 19 and 25.


And don't nobody give a damn but nothing Them says brother click shout to Dante Dechen. So he got active last night. I ain't think this was a crazy foul though. It was. It wasn't. He overreacted. I like Lil buddy who up? Damn. I like lil buddy grad bys neck Don Dante strong Man. Dante been chopping wood boy, boy, boy What that ask Boy Lumber Jack T You heard yourself? Hey boy Lumber Jack Taylor and Paul was there Stewart for grabbing his his mid section like that. That was crazy bro. He crash out. So who's the problem? Who did this? Is this Isaiah Stewart Fa?


Nah is it Dante Fa Lumber Jack Tay, he went too far. I think Joe Ro got in charge crashed now like this. It's really Not ain. It was really NA's fault because what was you so mad about? You done Guy? See Dante about to get a fight. See Kind shit. Old buddy like 18 though. Real? Yeah he a young damn He young Mike trying to get in there. Look he a young boy, young Ron. Mike Outta Mike Get them orange for motherfucker. Twist your wrist motherfucker Dante put his whole four arm and dude neck though. Hey Mike. Silly Mike said okay. Yeah get your own team year. I'm out there aint never got a tech. Yeah I'm just trying to help guys.


Look at Rudy. Rudy back on thing. Throw him elbows. Shout out to Dante though man. Watch Dante. Push Isaiah Stewart at the end though. That's it. Got some work of it. Nevermind. Hey man You know what's funny, I didn't know that Pablo Peroni was the assistant coach for them up there but he got ejected in this too. I started cracking up. Damn he was fighting. He was in there just trying to break it up and got ejected. He got ejected. Who get the biggest firearm? Pji? I I put, I don't know Isaiah Stewart getting it just because d Dante fine. Dante probably everybody's just like every time we see him doing stuff it's not basketball related facts. Like can he who All he do is bump bro. I like that. Bring him back the eighties bro.


He on the right team Too. Huh? Mo that's why he we walked out. He said Detroit my heart Bro. Joe Dewars got him crashing out man do it for my guys man. Be lamb beer now. Speaking of the crash outs man listen the Rockets about to add situation against the sons. 1 4 1 0 9. Oh for Katie got hurt. Hope he, he heals up soon man. But listen, we gotta get straight to it. This Rockets team, they the real crash outs man. It's a sta on here that since 2023 bro they have led the league injections with 18 technical fouls with 99, 23 with coach technical foul. They first in autos Disqualifications they got 27, they number one and they are fourth in personal foul. We talk about the Detroit Pistons being a crash show. Hey these Rockets niggas be going crazy run clip Dylan Brooks.


That's A hell of a step. Yeah bro they leave the league in squabbles. That's crazy. Foot, foot, Foot no niggas crazy game. Why he get mad at the ref? Why hell got, he was going to go crazy on the rep though. Like you would not get kicked out. They'd be back forever if you put your, he got ejected. Yeah man. How get his money's worth You might as well Bro. Ate your money's worth bro. Crash Out. Go don't sit your ass Down. Shout to the rocket Smith. The real crash outs D book had 28 N three yesterday. Jacob Green went crazy with 33. Jay Gun had 16 and nine and tho twin had 12, 10 and nine. Hey man this Rockets team going crazy. 12 of the last 13 And we need to put more respect on these boys.


I like 'em. Yeah I like 'em too. They solidified number two in the west right now. Can we pull up the rankings please? When get the chance They they been playing well. Yeah they a young feisty group. They gonna play hard. I just wanna see when a game slow down a playoff atmosphere. Are they still gonna make these shots? Are they still gonna play this well so it's only time will tell if a season almost ending playoffs around the corner. Most definitely we do this all the time. But listen, as of today the Rockets will take care of the timber wolves. How you feel about that match up being here at your squad? I don't know man. I'm a little, I'm a little torn man. I I, I got my timber wolves making a late push into the playoffs though.


And they been winning games too. Yeah, you got 'em taking the six seat over the Ws? Yeah. Okay. I think they'll beat the Rockets. Think so. Yeah. Okay. Yeah is a still the best player in that, in that matchup? Definitely That gives you the opportunity for show when you got the best player. Best playing before I can win. Damn that's real. Wow. But I don't know man the Rockets are just more of a complete team though. I don't know if you want, I don't know if they want the nuggets either. I probably be comfortable say taking my chances with the Rockets. Yeah because You know you ain't got nothing for yo facts. We talk about this all the time. Sons ain't had a disciplined season. Who's to blame? Who can plays the blame on the season? Everybody, everybody takes a fair shame. I'm I'm gonna go with the gm. You run with the G for simple. This team name James Jones.


Damn. Yeah I'm going James Jones 'cause that was old terribly put together roster that sounded good but terrible I guess. Really didn't terrible put together Roster. Yeah that Brad, bill Trey is gonna go down. It's like man one of the worst in history. Yeah. Even honestly even though you, you get kd but what they gave up for KD too was a hell of a roster as is too. Giving up my Mike Hill bridges and giving up a cam for KD and I'm not, KD is one of those but after coming off of finals appearance. Yeah that's crazy. They went from making the finals to this bro. Yeah. Come off of final appearance. You give that up for kd. I just don't know man. That's crazy you said that 'cause we look at even with the Mavs, we thought that they running back this year a totally different roster for sure.


Yeah. Alright man listen we gotta move on Jeff. Appreciate you showing up man. I know you got a busy day man. We gonna have Mo replace you real quick and get to the rest of the show man. Yeah shout out to my dog Ryan Conwell. I'm about to go meet him at the gym Man. No you not. Come in, go meet whoever mama you finna pull up on and talk about the transfer portal. We'll see you later. Yeah, We'll tell, we'll tell y'all what he doing when he leave. I'm about to meet Ryan Conwell bro. He he going, he trying to go to the league bro. I respect. We love Ryan bro. I Meet Bro Ryan man shout to the Ryan could the case of five 20 Studios, Jeff Is headed to the PT o meeting Matter. I'm saying a little louder.


Give gimme two more minutes because they they trying to play on my name. Go ahead. They talking about the damn about gimme a trouble. I idea


Coach who's scoring big in the NBA this season You are with all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers BET five bucks and get $150 at bonus Best instantly. Take us to the record Draft King Sports book where every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope y or text Hope y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The junior bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method to send the money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates Northbrook, Illinois.


When It's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause You know I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great but describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know those court side seats which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break


from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Okay, 60 wins. Third time with franchise history. Beat the Clippers yesterday. 1 27 to 1 22. Don went crazy yesterday with 24 and 12 and seven. Jared Allen balled out as well with 25 and 12. Your boy Ed peasy balled out 34 and four And excuse me, James hard had 24 8 and eight.


Kawhi did not play yesterday. Got a little bit of rest but hey man has five to five, the last 10, but they have 60 wins on the season. So we can be concerned about this team going to the playoffs. It's just time for them to show improve. Nah, they should be concerned. I seen this story before. This is literally what happened to us going to the playoffs. Mm. And everybody always compare their team to us and this is literally what it looked like And we struggled down the stretch. We end up, You know, getting to the playoffs, we won our first round, escaped in the second, got lucky, beat the wizards or whatever And we end up using losing in the conference finals but we weren't playing well going into the playoffs. And it's similar to this Cavaliers team. Okay. Yeah I don't believe bro Ben said that. I don't like this Cavs team going too far bro.


Second round exit. Dang. Damn I don't like 'em bro. You look at 'em now they add one consistent bro. So in the second round You know they're probably gonna play that four or five matchup I would imagine. I I don't think that either one of them could push 'em over the edge. It be some decent series for sure. But Celtics Knicks man You think they gonna get 'em up outta there? They probably make the conference finals. Okay. You know the calves but I just don't like they team bro. I don't feel like they got enough. I know they can't beat the Celtics bro. Man I know they can't. Yeah they just don't. They one of them teams bro. They like a good regular season team when it come down to the playoffs it just ain't gonna be there. Man, that's tough. We'll up by later show up. But the bucks obviously following without Dame right now man.


They look like they gonna be locked in at six Succeed. Is that gonna be easy for the Knicks? Yeah Without Dame be kick ball this team. Yeah without Dam. Damn bro ain't going without dam. It's a cakewalk. Damn. But if Giannis can pull that off, this would be the biggest win. It'd be bigger than his championship if he go take care of the nigga. What? Hell no bro. It would because you gotta think about his championship. People will always put an asterisk by it because Brooklyn, everybody got hurt and KD stepped on the line. He Did bro We almost lost that with a full team. I feel like that's, that's part of basketball. I don't be believing all that shit. Yeah bro. Hell, I can't say that bro Game bro because You know I, I was sitting there And I seen the scores when they had everybody.


No I seen the scores when they just had, they would've lost one other player because K hard got hurt. The thing happened to Kawai, it happened to everybody bro. Murdered of everybody didn't get hurt. And I mean you, you win your championship. Listen I, I got a ring and I'm happy but I seen when Kyrie was just on the court with kd, we ain't even had James. They beat us by 50 bro. Now y'all they would've, they definitely would've beat y'all. Yeah but it didn't happen that way. So that shout out to y'all. So now imagine if he beat the fully healthy Knicks by himself. You can't replace that feeling though bro. What of winning the chip over beating the Knicks bro.


He don't give a damn about then On me bro. It, it'll mean like everybody counting. People weren't counting us out Like once everybody got hurt we was like oh we can win. They just got KD like everybody was hyped in but when they had their whole team we, I packed my car up. It's so funny 'cause I got a video I'm gonna play for y'all one day. DJ Tucker they was playing in Milwaukee. He play for the Knicks. They was just in Milwaukee right? Yeah he sent, he sent me a video where I was staying my apartment. He was like you remember that over there? That's your apartment. Remember you had your bags packed. Wow. In the second round. Wait See John Porter, He was taking The early Porter Nigga was not with us, nigga was with them.


He was hoping they lost. He was ready to go. Nah, I ain't getting no Y'all think Uber? Hey remember he was trying to leave he til the truck up right there. The pick up truck up Bro you fucked up boy. Details. He said I ain't gonna give no details. He gave all the details. Well I gave the details. Shout to P. It was hanging around. We was playing Brooklyn. I packed my car because he lost my 50. I thought it was over but I fry. You know what's funny? Listen we've done a lot of parlay on this show but that PJ took a parlay is the best bet in the history of gambling.


No disrespect pj. I know I love you boy but I turned you up Boy y'all crazy Fry. Let's go to the Western Conferees please. And you look right here, it's a two game separation I believe from five to eight. We talked about the Clippers being a nightmare matchup. But some of those guys you got there you could go from eight two potentially five with two games. Yeah three. If you get lucky you can get the home port of edge. That's crazy man. Clippers Ty, it's Tyree over there man. Most definitely. Yeah. You see how far ahead of Thunder is I'm if you the Thunder, would you rather see the Clippers or the Timberwolves Don't matter. Don't matter ass. Okay. Both of them respect.


All right, let's move on man. Some more games from me yesterday. Man your Hawks got a dub yesterday like over the bucks. 1 45 to 1 24. They had a business for show man Young Zachary went crazy yesterday. 36 in six. He was hooping last night. Trey Young had 19 to nine. Crazy. Double, double 19 and 19. Yeah, 19. 19. Excuse me. Disrespect didn't mean that Dyson Davis were crazy with 22 9 to five steals. He set the Hawks red chops record with 213 steals. I can't believe he beat me. He finally beat my record. Well we, we already went down the scoring list. Shout to Zel Mo that Steal is probably filthy And we, we gotta add Zemo to the first team by pop 20. They said he he's worthy. Nah for sure. Who Zemo Beatie don't.


Don't disrespect the Hawks legend like that Mitchell Les Jersey on the, the way. Shout out to him bro. Giannis hooped out with 31 N nine. The Kyle Cosman had 25. Oh man, just say more about the Bucks taking this L yesterday or the Hawks having a good game. Probably the Bucks taking the L. Okay. Yeah. Show you they gotta be fully healthy to be Yeah they gonna struggle. Yeah, that's tough bro. I hate that. Four six outta the last 10 not looking good. Yeah and it look like they gonna catch the Knicks and that would definitely be a belt to add situation right now. That's why I'm saying it'd be so big for Giannis if he win that series with all the high praises the Nicks been getting this year, how well the Knicks played. People thinking the Knicks really had a chance to make it to the Congress finals.


If Giannis can take them out by himself without a dame that's bigger than his chip, it'd be a good win. But it is definitely not bigger than his ring bro. He's wild. He would never ever say that. It's gonna mean a lot. But he'd be like nah, I'm just saying look who, look who we, if we beat Brooklyn after that, we played the Hawks in the conference finals. Right. We knew we was gonna beat the Hawk. I I played. No I'm just saying however he got the ring, he got it. He care. No I'm not saying it ain't beat I'm saying but like he don't know why he got it. Who he played though. When I'm saying is if he ain't had that ring right now he be stressed out bro. He might be. He might be stressed. He chilling right now. He stressed but I'm saying bro. Yeah. Yeah but I'm not saying the ring he wouldn't, the ring is cool.


No but what I'm saying is like the teams we played to get the ring like the sons, we knew we was beating the sons. Nobody was scared at all. Like when we lost the first two games we was like okay see even better. I know I'm getting the ring it's up. Yeah but I'm saying like the only team that we felt that we played that was serious was Brooklyn that had everybody else was hurt. Like Yeah real like once we beat them I knew he was winning the check but if he beat this next team without Dame dollar bro it's gonna feel like he won championship bro. He better win the championship if he wanna feel like he won a championship round. You know when you a champion you feel you.


You know what I'm talking about. I got me talk your shit. Listen talk your shit. We do not count college ring hate got me for both of y'all to have res y'all perspective like that's fire though. Like in the household that is fire. They put that up in the BC media post. I said that is crazy. That is got And you gotta admit that's fired. Damn Pops you was supposed to get the high school one complete the lineage man he lost. Lost. He made it. He lost. He supposed complete lineage man. His nigga sold. We ain't gonna do pops like that. This nigga sold on him man. He he sold, he had a bad game, had a bag cheese like that. He call us and be like y'all didn't even make it.


Yeah we know he played Greg Oin play a player. Yeah you can play somebody. We don't know for sure with the Hawks next year. You like the squad man. What they, what they need to add if they keep Trey? Yeah I like our squad man. They they real, they really love Zack young Zack. They think he can be a star. You know 16 having a good game like that last night. If that's anything, if we can see more of that next year we good. We in good hands but getting Jalen back is huge. He's our do it all player, You know one through five really play a little bit of everything but we might need one more scoring threat. Even though Trey took a backseat this year on scoring and being more of a pure point guard and he's having a great year.


We might need one more scoring threat. I like that Dyson Dales is having a hell of a year for y'all. That's y'all back court gonna be all right. Like said could had no score but y'all back court gonna be all right if he could shoot he I wouldn't have a problem. We we don't need nothing. If he could, when he figure that three ball out we straight. Yeah for sure. Shout out to the Hawks man. Took care of business Super Chat D Money. Ask what type of team you see Duke having next year. Do you see the booster twins having a bigger impact than Cooper flag? No. No. I mean no way. If he win a chip, what more can you do? No way. And he torching he will not. That's why the Boozer twin need to go to Miami. This is just me being real. The big one. Both of them, they going together package deal.


But they need to, they need to Decommit and go to Miami. Let's go. And I'm only saying that because you following Cooper Flag's footsteps, especially the tall one. He gonna be prepared to him all year and that that's some footsteps. That's gonna be tough. Yeah. You know what I mean. If it don't go like it is going for this dude. Yeah you going it going get some hate. It ain't gonna hurt your draft. It it might, it is gonna hurt your Duke stock but it might not hurt your draft stock. But people are going judge you, you gonna compare it every single time. Like the the the shorter one. Cool. 'cause nobody expecting nothing crazy. Yeah the guard, It's the it's the big one. Yeah And you play the same position in Cooper Flag. You supposed to come right In. He had different player though. He is He a real post up.


Like he, he is a part of Boo's lineage bro. Yeah he is daddy bro. He Played more like Pablo. You know I call him Pablo. I know his name is Pablo P five. Yeah. But he played more like Pablo than he do Cooper Flat. He kind of, bro. Yeah like Pablo At Duke, he used to turn back to the back. He did drive us a little bit. Yeah, I I don't know, I just don't think honestly he gonna have that much pressure like that bro. What? Nah, 'cause he, it ain't like Cooper Flagg is like bro the LeBron, LeBron, LeBron the z he he gonna have Pressure but what, what helps them out? They teams be so good. Yeah so it ain't like they gotta carry all The weight. No, but that's what I'm saying. I think he's gonna be okay but like Cooper ain't had to carry too much weight to shit.


Yeah he did though. He he got, he led the team and everything. Nah he killed. No he did but you, I'm not saying that but he got three other Legit but they like he Getting triple team Right. They was fresh like the other three NBA players damn near was fresh freshman too. It is it, I don't know. He ain't going into a a Indiana state situation Like dude from Miami where he got a, he was a top five player. We don't even hear about 'cause he went to a school where he had to do a lot and it aint worked out for him. Yeah different. It was so bad. Miami was so bad but he wasn't even playing at a point because they Yeah they was so bad that like you couldn't even support Miami. But he's a top five player in the country bro.


Like So him going to Duke is like a safety net just in case I'm having a bad game. I got help bro. I got a but I'm still gonna get 12. Yeah it don't look that bad. We gonna win by 1515 Any Crash the board and You know Tyree Proctor's still gonna be there. He gonna be there for another three years so. Yeah. You know how it go. Gotta start too. See I Do see what Jeff's saying too though bro because that's a hell of a road to feel Bro. Like they won national championship. You come in Cooper Flagg Lee and the hype is there. You supposed to be the next one. Like all Right now the keys Is yours. Yeah. And if you don't bro, you gonna get pair every night. I mean it's a great thing to be compared to a Cooper flag like he's supposed to come and do it but if, if you live up to it. Yeah but if that, that's the fact you don't fit them shoes.


It's kind of like going to Kentucky like Yeah. Yeah. What happened to you after? Yeah or all them point guards you have you coming in after them point guards like if you don't like, like you won of national championships so it made it easier for you but if y'all would've lost Oh yeah. It's over curtains. Yeah. You know what I mean? I see what you're saying. They would've been like why did we get him we need another point guard. You know what I mean? They would've said something crazy but now that y'all won it made it easier. But that's just like a tough situation. I feel like that's college though. Hey them fans don't. Do you like that? Not way for us. They were just happy to have us. Oh offense first round exiting all. Well we had a hell of a year. We were one at one point.


We were one. Yeah. You can't do that first round exit. They hate y'all. Yeah. Oh yeah it smoke bro. At one point we were won in the country. Yeah, I get what you saying. Yeah. Yeah. Louisville lost the first game. His her, they was like well thank God we got Micah bro. Come back next year 'cause boy we had some slurs for y'all. I mean Louisville been playing so bad the past couple years. They should be happy with all that. What, what Pat did in year one bro we should be blessed bro. They should be happy with all that. They don't care bro. Y'all, y'all won four games one year bro. And then the next year eight. Hey that was, that's the inside job. We gonna talk about Kenny Pay another day. I don't like to tear black male platform not shot nigga out. I don't tear no platform but he might be my exception bro. We we set the pick bro. That's how that was in four games in a year.


And that's how I feel bro. Y'all did it on purpose bro. And then he went back and got paid again with Cal like nothing happened. Shout out to KP bro. I'm just kidding. Who is Skip Payless? Skip Bailey. Shout out to Skip. Skip. Oh Skip Bayless in the chat. Pull up Ka the real Skip Bayless or is the Sintel bro? Just bro for sure. Fake Skip back. Alright coach we catch you tomorrow morning man. Oh man it was fun. Nigga you work here, You'll be back tomorrow. Tomorrow. Alright now we about to tell you what he really about to do since he leaving out the door.


Can't defend himself. This is the best part of the show. Yeah, but don't get comfortable in that seat. Alright, tap me on. Let's get through these games. We talking about this a Saturday game but it's, You know a little bit of relevancy. Lakers beat the Grizz Saturday 1 34. The 1 27. First of all Taylor Driggs getting fired from the Grizzlies. What's up with that? That was crazy bro. I guess it was 'cause of Ja he ain't like the offense or something. 'cause they was what they the fifth seat or something? Man, they were having a hell of a season at one point. They were two in the west for a long time period. So that's real beef. They gotta beef. Oh okay. I didn't know why I was ran. I'm like they having a good year. What's Said, Ja said they was taking the ball out his hands too much. Oh.


Allegedly one of the guys they brought to the season to help innovate the offense. He was let go as well, but Tyler Jenkins. So yeah, I think for something like that to happen, it has to be some type of somebody that had to feel away. 'cause the playoffs ain't started yet. Tafari your head coach before the playoffs and y'all having a good season and dealt with injuries. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah, I don't know what's up with that. Somebody gotta pick him up man. Somebody's about to get a really, really good damn coach. Yeah, Taylor Jenkins, it looked like they was having a good time. I thought everything was good over there. Yeah, that shit was all good. Just a week ago man. But that game was crazy. Officer Reeds went insane. 31 8 and seven. Luca had 29 and nine eight rebounds as well. LeBron had 25 8 and six Officer Reeds.


I know your brother called him almost a star. We got called to re a star. Now is a respect Tom. I respect it. Okay. Yeah, he's a star bro. He the best third option we done seen in a long time bro. He is damn near the first option. He's getting 30 balls. He's pooping Bro. Yeah, I like AR 15. There's been a lot of conversation about where he ranks him amongst the third options in the NBA but also some Laker fans brought this to my attention that was like it was criminal. Like it's out of pocket that JJ had him splitting minutes with dlo. Yeah, I mean they could have got his production from him the entire season if they wanted to move on from Dlo a little bit earlier. They could've but I mean you dlo one of 'em players you had to give a chance bro.


Right. That's what I say. He's A good player. We ain't gonna do that. So he wasn't out. I agree. They wasn't out of pocket for testing the waters with both of them though. Yeah and that was also pre Luca too. Yeah, Austin Reeves didn't prove itself. Dlo has proven itself to knock a hoop in the league. So I mean Austin Reeves, he didn't prove himself But I'm saying You know dlo, is he still capable player? He can't just write him off. Yeah, I see what he gonna do. At least You know. Yeah he made Allstar team. You gotta show some respect for sure. Yeah. I'm looking up here at the run back that say All Res having a great season. But Patrick Baileys captain, it says, oh it went away from that said check Pilgrim Paul, George and Tyrese. Maxine Bradley bill are better. Third options, first of all, I don't understand that 'cause Tyse Maxey is not a third option by any means.


He is the second option of the team. Chet Holmgren being the third option of OKC. I'm taking Chet over Austin. But everybody else gimme Austin. Paul George is ridiculous. Yeah, that's using the same as any example. And I Paul George And Tyrese Maxey, they on the same team. That's, that's when we just stopped reading shit. Yeah. Like what are we doing? Aw. Make that make sense. But yeah, I don't know what's going on in Memphis. Taylor Dickins, if you wanna drop Indianapolis, pull up. We got space for you. But yeah, rights on the wall in Memphis. There's gonna be some changes. This is off season for sure. Some more games that took place over the weekend. Nick took care of the Trailblazers. One 10 to 93 belt to ass situation. Another belt to ass Day of Warriors. Beat the Spurse. 1 48 to 1 0 6. Jesus Christ.


That's crazy. Pelicans beat the Hornets 98 to 94, shout out to the pelicans and the rappers took care of the seven Sixers. 1 27 2 1 0 9.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. It's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The junior bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Mercer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that our must haves on my checklist. 'cause You know I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying a no hypnotic is great, but what, what? Describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balancing the Business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Alright, we got some games tonight. I wanna see how y'all feel about 'em. We got jazz at Hornets. Hornets the jazz. Ooh, that's go out to eat. I might Take that. Yeah, I'll take that jazz. If you put a parlay on this game, call the hotline. You need Help. I did See Kings at Pacers. Kings. That's crazy. You mean Pacers at the crib? Come on, we at the crib. But a shout out to the Pacers Clippers at Magic. Magic. I like the magic at home. On the back to back. I'm gonna go with Magic Heat at Wizards. Heat. Heat. Heat. Celtics at Grizzlies. I'm taking the Grizzlies. Oh okay. Celtics, they got too much going on right now in Memphis. Man. That's cool. Gonna be the games they win. They'd be like, see I told you that's a problem. We beat the defended chips. That's that bullshit too.


I roll with Celtics Bulls at Thunder, thunder Bulls, thunder. I, I'll not pick this to Chicago Bulls the rest of the season Nets at Mavs. Mavs Mavs and then Rockets at Lakers. Lakers Lake Show. I'm going Rockets young boys been going crazy. Alright, Verified Buckets be here. Who was getting to it this weekend? I'm gonna Give it to Jared Allen. Man. Freaky fro. You know what I mean? 25 and 12. He did his thing man. I'm giving it to Jerry for sure Man. I'm gonna keep it in Indiana. Trey Singleton was state championship this weekend. Dropped 26. He took care officials who was on a 43 game win streak. Man, shout to the young boy. Going to Northwestern, balled out X shout out to him. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna ride with OG 28 and seven.


Boy been hooping all we talk about them. The third option that Nick's team OG been telling him, Hey it's me. He been hooping. Yeah I need to peel. Should wait. What about your will? Yeah, he don't be giving a damn about that. And PC hooped out as well with 34. And then the individual went crazy with 33 7 4. Man, he been balling ever since he got traded, man. Nah. Facts. Something about being a Washington. Just make you not wanna hoop me all free Jordan pool. Alright, Get Well Soon. Be here. Who need some encouragement this Monday morning. Gonna Roll, roll that Stephan Castle dunk. Oh yeah. Rookie of the year baby two hand. Hey he played way different than he did in college bro. That was Walker Kesler y'all.


Hey don't put that sweat on him bro. He wasn't there bro. It was not his team. He's been training y'all New. That's fucked up. Facts. Nah, they talk about that movie like the the different playing styles. Said he was not like that at Yukon but he got some chance to hoop now. Yeah, they giving him the ride. I think it helped that Wendy and Fox is out too. But they giving him the rock and he's performing bro. Every night. Yeah. Yeah. They gonna have a hell of a squad. I don't know. Somehow some way if Cooper Flagg got to San Antonio, oh my god. They would have a young, they would have a young Whip boy for sure. They, they might be a contender. I mean Because Wendy gonna come back crazy. That's What they doing though y'all.


They doing that bro. They're doing it bro. You think so? They gonna Get yes bro. They're trying. I Would love to see him. They're trying though In San Antonio. 'cause I do not wanna see him in Charlotte or the Wizard. I want him in Charlotte. I don't but they gotta keep label meo. That's the only way I want keep label. But I don't wanna see him with a grill next year bro. Ain't see that. It's on the way Bro. Let Bo k on the way bro. For sure. I'ma go with called a Body yesterday. Hey, Who he dunk on? Good question. Yeah, I don't know him. It'd be hard. You asking me to look at the ER trail button? Backups Alright.


Not that lock in. I'm sorry. I respect And last but certain not least man, KD Get Well Soon. Got Lee. That looks bad too. Yeah man. You're not supposed to be doing all legends like this bro. Wow. Hey funny morale. He get a jump shot bro. He's gonna be the illest bro. I'm doing that tomorrow. Guess a yo, I locked in that your hoop session package shirt off Y'all. I'm hooping tomorrow. Moog taking me to the gym. Oh God, it is going down. Oh yeah. I can't wait till y'all see this concept, man. Real stretch. Short returns for sure.


Alright, be here. You got a lay for him today? Yeah. Quick lay. Yeah, this is going to definitely mess up the household if it don't go well. I got the Utah Jazz, the Orlando Magic. These is all winners for the night y'all. Mud. So Utah Jazz, magic Kings, Miami Heat, Grizzlies, thunder, Mavs Rockets. 500 wins you a grand total of $73,000 today. 73 bands. Shout out to Uare. No point back on the screen. He showing me his respect. Uare. He was alright give well, so from The Trailblazers out the game, shout to Shop Sudan. I don't know if he played for them, but he look like he could tap me in for show.


Listen, we appreciate y'all. We be back, same time tomorrow. Five 20 In The Morning. The Volume. This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first.


Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois. When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five.


I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely. Okay, so we all need to get away from the world. Sometimes. Well, in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. Just picture it. The bows premium sound system plays your favorite music.


As the murano's massaging, leather appointed seats melt away your stress. Yeah, that's a real getaway. Drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano. Today, Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.