
Yo, what's good it is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland verse, Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen, good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greedy teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both of elite programs. Legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest dealing fast foods gotta be. Wendy's. Right Now. You can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


This is Mel Reed L PT tour winner and six time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports Reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. An IHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival. Presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell. Sam Hut. Megan Maroney. Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now at ticketmaster.com.


The Volume. Good morning, Happy Tuesdays. Your favorite sports show. Five 20 In The Morning. We got a full house tonight. We got Bishop Hendricks, we got my brother t We got five 20 Mooch in the building. How y'all doing this morning fellas? Chilling bros. Good. Good chilling. What's going on boy? What's going on man? My my favorite player went down man, I ain't feeling good today. Me too. Your favorite player went down? Yeah. Jay mes. Nah, Juju. Oh my bad. Oh man. Listen man, we're gonna start the show off with some unfortunate news man. Juju Watkins unfortunately got hurt yesterday in the tournament. It is showing that she has a to a TL. Sucks to hear. It sucks to see one of the most promising players in all of basketball right now. Man. It's hard to react to that but man it just sucks to see that man be well soon.


That's why they gotta let people go to the league man. Okay. Yep. She could have been in the league already thriving. I mean she basically in the league right now. She getting paid way more than them so it don't really matter. I don't even know why I said that, but I hate that shit. Gotta be out. Yeah. Mess. Slowing down the records man. We about to get some of them records. Yeah, I hate to see that man. Yeah, now it's, it is guarantee Caitlyn don't have all the records now. Yeah man. The fix was in man some bullshit Now. Oh obviously they still got the win yesterday. They got a pretty decent team as well. But it sucks because obviously she getting hurt. Now is should she shoot out all next season? I know it's probably early to say, but should she just go ahead and just take all next season to get her stuff together?


Yeah, just get focused. Get ready for the league. Mm. I don't even know how how she, You know, I don't know how the process goes for the ACL. I ain't never had one of those injuries but I imagine it's gonna take a little bit, Probably nine or 12 months To get back to full strength. Yeah. Yeah. But, well I don't know because nowadays, I mean I don't think she has to rush obviously. But people be coming back from ACL there's a lot quicker than Yeah they used to, obviously surgery is advanced and stuff like that but in her situation she has nothing to gain from college basketball Wants see I'm a doctor. I know. Figured that. But the thing is, it's been a couple girls that tore the ACL that came back and recovered and had great careers. Paige Becker? Yeah.


Got hurt. She came back balling this year. So multiple injuries as well is with her. Yeah. So she can got some people to lean on. The tall girl from the Sparks, she tore her ACL. She bro turned her shit too. So she got some people she can lean on. So get well soon though for sure. Do You gotta, you gotta play four years of college women's basketball as a I think So. I mean why wouldn't you? I think I, yeah, I mean you make more money in College anyway. I mean yeah, I just didn't know if that was mandatory for you to play. I think you do damn well should be all right. Why you typing in female pregnant college player? What? What? Yeah. Excuse me. Go look, go back. Hey fair mind. Don't even do Well that's a different boy Terry ACL it having a baby you still down for nine months?


Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. The DMP probably you probably recover. That's a why that though? 'cause ain't too many of 'em getting pregnant. That's a low number. I wonder what that count is. So what that percentile is. DMP baby is crazy. If you don't want no grand babies raise some basketball. Hey, Hey bitch. Shout to Scott Digger. She hooped out. She was pregnant. I think that's one of the hardest things I've ever seen in my life. Oh she was pregnant while she Yeah she was killing she, she was earlier. Earlier she was hooping bro. Damn. That's crazy. Are you sad Letting somebody kill you while they pregnant bro. You probably did know bro. The real double scene. Ain't no woman going to hoop. Why she pregnant? Crazy bro.


Unless you trying to lose it. Me ain't what man, What I'm saying, you ain't knowing you ain't hooping pregnant unless You know you trying to whack it. That's it bro. No bro. She don't bro. No bro, She didn't know she was pregnant basketball bro. We not gonna say that bro. She did. Oh that's crazy bro. No that's, that's you Need to be old bro bro. Man. Ad retired from any Ain't not pregnant girl coming out and hooping on me. Mo is right. I'm shitty. If for a pregnant girl come out and get me Dirty ad retire from injury? Yeah we got, what is he talking about? What are y'all talking about? Ad retire from injury from life bro.


Choice. Oh hey shout out to Brody man. He's looking some Brody with a 40 ball. He looking at promising bro. We owe him more Play the clips? Yeah. Okay. Apology Yeah. Get off me big. Yeah. Oh shit. Steven a tap in. Oh man. Excuse me, tip I, I see Nephew. Come on man. He finally throwing the ball out though. He usually take them chopping steps. Hey Eric McQueen turn up Bow chess. Hey who they playing? Santa Cruz Warriors. Santa Cruz. Get off me little homie. Hey.


Mm mm Buddy with the dreads on every highlight him about the game I leave. Leave him in fucking because y'all probably said that nigga better than me too. Fuck your shit. Leave him in. Mm. That don't matter. Step back a he looking comfortable man. Cool. Mm. I think okay pop your shit. People ain't gonna realize it but I think what Magic Johnson said is kind of like working though. Yeah. They said man that should just throw bro in the G League and let him get to it. Yeah. For the whole year. Mm. And I think them G Leagues games and gave him some confidence bro. I mean whatever that first G league game we talked about, I think he had like 18 or something ever since then.


Man he found his confidence a little bit And then to get in the real game the league game has 17. Yeah I think he finding his footing. Shit he LeBron kid, he got all the tools and all the training and everything to be great. Yeah, most definitely. And one thing I think is crazy that people are acting like they're letting bro score if there's anything out there they don't want him to score on him so they play extra hard. Bro playing hard. You can see his swag turning up too. Yeah. He shy doing his thing he, he feeling good now that's all it take his confidence. Nah he had to turn into the evil person. That's all you gotta do. Like start telling people change. That was the origin Ron. You gotta start popping shit. You was too nice bro. Yeah You know people was trying to try you as dating white girl, You know what I mean?


Like oh he dating white girls Dr. Omar this that boy you gotta start popping your shit. Y'all broke now. Yeah Facts. I fuck with that. Yeah it's time bro. Start calling niggas broke bro. Yeah my daddy, I'm all for The, for Eric bro. Yeah my daddy LeBron. Yep. Yeah we got trainers and Neil, Eric. Yeah I rolling. Yeah he forced me in the league. Yeah I'm rolling turn now. Yeah bro, if your name not Luke on this team bro, we'll get you the fuck up outta here. That's, that's how you guys start acting And we gonna appreciate it more. Yeah that night shit when we boy they was, they was on your ass. But I like what he said though. He was like man I'm human too. That stuff affect me but I got something for y'all fake so, so good job to him. Way to go crazy Brody your man's ad back man we didn't think we was gonna see ad this season man.


I mean he don't need to be back bro. Should just chill. I mean no Kyrie bro. Just chill bro. Get all the way healthy 'cause if you go out there and get hurt again like just chill bro. Well sure limited minutes last night on paid 26 minutes. But I think everybody was surprised that he came back. Shit. Like you said he got hold out till next year so he might as well just, just chill out bro. Just chill. Nah they ain't that far out the play in though. I'm just saying they ain't gonna win man ain't but they right there in the play. They had two game win streak for beating in playoffs. Yeah the east and the West Conac. Everybody Said nah bro because if the Mars was in the east would be a F seed. No don't disrespect us A would seed. What would the mask be? Seven.


I'm sorry, who would be a seven seat? Ain't no play. They gonna be locked in. Fuck you. Me Ain't no play be locked in as funny as hell. Nah, but they, they went three games ain't the playing. That's crazy. So ad come back and they get the rolling a little bit. They ain't the playing. I like it because you trying to show people like yeah I feel that. Hey Luca gone. I ain't no ho, I ain't gonna lie. This motherfucker taste like a cucumber Like asy. That's cool though. The flavor, that cucumber. Nah it's before say zero Sugar. So it's just a green Gatorade. Be careful. Nah y'all continue with the show Cucumber.


Gotta have a flavor. Okay. Ator Cucumber. You know it's five 20 We here Don catch up. Don't scroll y'all man down. Nah nah get to it. Nah but out to Ad Men shout try show these boys that he, he he dedicated to the franchise for sure Les but certain at least man shout out to the og. Mike BB getting a head job. Sacramento state man. Man I'm hype for my dog man. They tried to black ball him outta coaching at 3 1 5 championships in Arizona for him to get a head coaching job outta college bro. You get a job man.


Yeah tap in. Hey they about to be the strongest team in basketball. Facts man. Facts all bodybuilders. Shout out to Mike Bibby. They trying to blackball him. Yeah man some shit happened in Arizona high school realm and he was You know one of the best coaches out there. They won four straight. Ah yeah five all together while he was coaching. They liked to hate I feel it. Yeah but I'm glad he got his opportunity though for sure. I talked to him yesterday so we gotta go out there and sit down with him and talk about his new gig whenever we get a chance. Oh yeah. Set he up to it. Well sure we gotta spend a block on the OG for sure man. Can't bend the snow man. Alright let's get to it from yesterday man. Lakers dropped three in a row, took a LSA to the magic one 18 and 1 0 6.


Luke went crazy. 32 7 7 had 24 and seven. Franz Hooped out yesterday with 32 and nine and P five went crazy with 30 and seven. Hey man, three in a, they done dropped them. We thought yesterday was gonna be a good game for them but it hasn't been. Do they need Brony? I told you they coulda used some of that 39 last night. Oh me? I told y'all what it was gonna be with Orlando though. Yeah, Orlando good at home too the thing. Go ahead. Go. The thing about Orlando is they got so many capable players they just been hurt. Right. And now Franz and PB five they match up well against the Lakers. Yeah that's they kind of game right there. They ain't got no backing guard them and I'm scared that's gonna be the same thing in the playoffs.


Yeah some of these teams can't guard them man. 'cause one of 'em seen Cleveland. Yeah that's so them for sure. And it's already a little beef. Yeah it's smoke already. Yeah. Yeah. That's not the best match for them at all. No it ain't magic one. Those sneaky teams bro. I'm telling you. Yeah man that sucks. Like you said Andrew de made this team this year but even the way Jalen sucks was playing for he got hurt. Like if they would've had him that would be a real, real tough first round matchup against the Cals man. Yeah and they don't wanna see my Hawks. There's beef everywhere. I, I don't know about that one but I think they get a mag pot glass to see y'all but all right. Cavs will sweep the Hawks in the playoff light.


We we'll get one. They might get one, Trey will get one. Captain three get one three Tra can get one Damn dj. Okay. Hey boy for a couple games bro. Don't speak on my squad positive. Don't speak on my squad. You see that five don't speak on us. Speak buddy. Right now We in apostles. Yeah I like to energy right now too. They trying to fight every game. Come on bro. I'm feeling it. We got James bro. If all this fails we gonna win the fight. Go win fight that's smooth until y'all get to the second round. Second round they done but cool. Just like they energy. That's hate but shout to the magic done in the first round. What we talking about? Four, five match up bucks.


You you got them beating the bucks. Oh shit I don't, I don't know about that win that we looking right now. We might get that three seed. You gotta better pray for them Pistons and the Knicks very quit playing. Yeah, I like the Pistons. I'm saying they that's they as long as we at four I'm cool. As long as we got home court advantage, I'm cool with us. We can win four games with games. A bridge on the road. It might get shaky but at the crib we good money five game wins street at the crib. Hopefully we extend it to six but And we just talked about it at the Lakers. What they gotta do man they need to tighten up for this postseason start. I mean LeBron been out for a while. Okay. So that'd be all right. Yeah, that'd be fine. Alright man Magic gotta a win for Dwight yesterday he got inducted into the hall of Fame.


Where is he on the all time list of magic players? Is he number one or number two behind Shaq? He number one, that would be number one. But he the best magic player. He was better than Shaq in Orlando. I'm glad they gave it to Dwight though. He definitely earned that. I thought they was trying to whack him But need the retired jersey. Yeah, for sure. What he did when he was in Orlando was second to none dominated. He dominated Hit on that shit And being in the eastern conference at that time, Dwight was the most dominating player at that time. He he almost was. He wasn't the best player in the league but he was like top three bro. He was cold. He Was bro because their team was cool. But he didn't have no other superstar? No They had a squad. They heat, they had a, He didn't have no other S team bro.


They had a great team quality team. Yeah they had a quality team. Sure They had a Bunch of skip to my little all-star capable players then they had him. So I'm saying he just superseded everybody else bro. But he was all decade bro. Like Dwight Howard is one of the ones for sure. His defensive presence man was unbelievable. He top 75, he all that. They just don't Like stress. If he was the one chip, that'd have been crazy if he won that chip in Orlando. Yeah lead that Orlando Magic team to the finals. If they would've won, you would've had, they would've treated Dwight different in the NBA. They would've had to. Is that the most points in the French house? Oh yeah. Easy money. Damn. Nick Anderson was going crazy. He was cold. No. Yeah he used to get it up. I I know but damn 10 k respect V one crazy too.


Yeah. Yeah he was out not passing shit but I'm just saying he number one, he the best player in magic history. Yeah Landslide For sure. Not getting close. All them defensive player of the years. Yeah the shout out to Dwight man you got your reward man. Most Definitely earned that for sure. Man. Sons get the fourth straight would've went over the bucks yesterday. 1 0 8 to 1 0 6. KD went crazy yesterday. 38, 8 and five Book went crazy with 1912 and seven. Hit the game. Winner jump shot as well. Giannis balled out with 31 to 10. The Brook Lopez had 23 and 10. Listen man Sons on Lil Wood streak right now. Be here Indy fight for them in the play in Nah it is for who's Gold? Yeah they just doing shit They time for 10th in the West man.


Nah man they ain't gonna make it. They ain't gonna make it but if they do and get the whooping shit, I, I wouldn't be surprised because that's what they supposed to do at the beginning of the year anyway with that type of team they got. So, So you have a potential playing against the sons and the Clippers which would be hilarious. And then the Timberwolves and the Kings Maybe the league got something shook up man because if the sons get in and start w shit, y'all gonna be pissed. They gonna get, they gonna get, they gonna get swept though. As long as Bradley Bills keep not playing, they gonna be okay when he get back in the line up. Oh yeah, what's up? Oh he told And that's my dog. Yeah He said nah I want the season to Air Sergeant rap back.


They would be back at 12 for sure. He just don't fit that team. He don't And then he almost missed two years of basketball basically. Yeah man. Three four. He not a third option bro. He needs to peel. Where would you see him at? Mo Woo. He said went back to Washington bro should have stayed. Stayed at the crib. Yeah just kept killing bro. Stayed we celebrated Everything ain't for everybody though. It been an all time score. He would've been, he gonna get a jersey retired something. I told you sometimes you gotta stick the course bro. He coulda just keep reading up. He is already on a crazy deal. Yeah he have been a billionaire. Watch was Fire singing on Zillow. His house was crazy. You said you said on Zillow His house was crazy.


Feel me Keep had to hoop Brad you was bawling over here. Got that motherfucker on Zillow for 10 something. I said damn have to put your business out there with a motherfucker. Zillow Dash put hat here. That motherfucker nice go. Images stick is real down. I ain't gonna lie at I'm a fan of the crib. That was like crib you had my boy. Hey man shout to him 'cause guess what he get that same money with better weather. I wouldn't the DC traffic back. See yeah we gonna chill in the sun. I don't care. Yeah we got all this chilling but man for real y'all really playing with my name like 'cause I really was like he was averaging 30 all Star. Yeah.


And now I'm going over here and people making jokes. That's true bro. Like we over here laughing like yeah Bradley Bilberry And I play where they gonna lose like come on bro. I Mean I listen I love Bradley Bill when he start hitting the Ja Marin dance when he was having a pitch poor game. I said yeah my boy just, he don't Care bro. It ain't that. He can't who He no he just don't care. He just don't care bro. Yeah bro. It's a joke out there to him. Hey I love the fact he was just like hey I can quit all these rumors. I'm gonna let You know if I wanna go somewhere else. That was my, that's my favorite part of NBA season bro. I fuck with rap girl off that just alone bro. Yeah but I hate to see something like that for Brad though 'cause just he was on his way for real bro. He had, I ain't gonna say it but he was having almost like a hall of Fame career bro. He ain't had no championship but he had, that's For real bro. He could kept Racking up All Stars Stats was there for sure.


Yeah the stats was gonna be crazy. You ain't wanna and these last two or three years and kind of, You know. Yeah heard his potential to making that but but it is crazy on his behalf 'cause like Washington shit was out of pocket bro. I would want to get all right man, let me get some more winning basketball. He, he didn't expect Phoenix to be this fucking crazy. Nobody did. Nah nobody did Nah sound. Yeah it sound He didn't, it didn't though like you going to play with D book nigga y'all beat just the winning. You know this culture is all about championships. He felt victim that Yeah bro. I'm just saying y'all two were the premier, two guards in the league. It was always you de book and Clay and yeah I ain't about to go link up with the person that played my position. Yeah it sound like good though. Like I can, I can water it down a little bit.


Yeah I'm sure they called each other like bro we going do this. You can do that ain I want you to come over. This is what nigga say man you come over here be you Until we start then y'all got the most like premium player two guard KD. Really A two guard facts. It's three two guards. Three best two guards. Best two guard the league. They like Y got for score. That is funny though. It'd be funny if you watch him play like you'll see somebody star kill nigga like all right bro it's my turn. It's like damn bro you got 30, come on you got man team that has 70 nigga that wants scoring titles And you average 30 facts. Man I ain't adding up. Nah you think about it, it don't add up. I said it at the beginning, I said this ain't gonna work. Nah he for sure did.


You called that one. Yeah I was like what? It was funny 'cause they fired Frame the nigga they got your boy but in there stressed the hell out man. But adding onto his boat Bud Telling supposed to shut up. Leave me alone. Yeah I smart shit. I I promise he really up there. We we lose anyway so I'm not not trying hear shit y'all. I swear Bud probably can care or less he probably want to win Bud Super competitive. But Jay was a fire bud but probably gone. Yeah make sure you check on gotta do You know what you gotta do that good And we will be there this bucks. Team losing to this sun scene we just talked about not trying to win games. What does ownership do in this summer with this team bro if they don't get into the Eastern Chicago responds everybody gotta go. Yeah you gotta blow this up. You gotta pray that Bradley Bill just want to leave.


Mm You talking bucks? Nah ain't talking about the sons. They oh son the sons is up to Brad Bill. You know KD go, I'm talking what did the bucks do? Oh the buck. Oh yeah we can't get to the conference finals. We gotta get outta here. Yeah we said they already had they best team bro. Damn it's downhill for now bro. Yeah you gotta trade. You can't trade Gianni downhill And you can't. So the only option is Dame And you just gotta see what you can get for Dame at that point. I mean he's still a all yeah all NBA type of player but you just gotta see what you can get. If they can't make to the conference finals or the finals it's quiet. Yeah it's kind of quiet And you can trade Dame. I don't know who you get with Yona. That's the thing, it's not Dame like as much people wanna say it's not Dane.


It's not if you a basketball head, You know it's not Dane. It's pretty obvious. Yeah but you have to trade Dane. Yeah And you have to find somebody that fits Giannis play style which is tough 'cause yeah only certain guards can play with him like a Drew holiday. Like people that's gonna be off the ball, all the other shit because he a point guard bro. Yeah he a point guard. Yeah he's a point forward that that's crazy. And his like peak clay's house would've been a perfect fit for him. Yeah. Somebody who don't need the ball who just run catch the shoot. Yeah. Yeah he could play with Steph Curry in them easily. For sure. Yeah, easily. Yeah Y used to be great with Steph Curry. Make it happen for sure. Alright man. Moving on. Belt to Ass in the city yesterday.


Patience. Beat the sleeves off T Wolves yesterday. One 19 to 1 0 3. Yeah they did. My boy Tyrese McCray 24 at 11. Oby Hooped out 20. He had six and nine from the three. AE had 17 yesterday. Always shot one 11 from three. But Na Reed had 20 points as well yesterday be here. What's up with the squad man They went on a game winning street now they three of last four they done dropped what they gotta do to get ready for the playoffs. We won eight straight against a bunch of quality Teams. We play some sad niggas and loss. That's usually how I go though. But You know shout out to the patron for getting that dub man. That's how You know. But I asked what they had to do go forward for the playoffs. He talking about the losing streak. You ain't got no optimism man. I was saying I was gonna win the streak like we was on the, we was on the little run so we came in Indiana and had a little bad stint.


It's cool though. That's crazy 'cause we pulled up tore last week in beat y. But respect they gonna do man they right here at eight. We just gonna make the playoffs and figure it out man. We ain't gonna make no trades right now or even think about that. We just let us finish our season. We'll figure it out out. Nah, let us go in the summer league With Ho Heart. Yeah call me in summer league bro. Call me in Vegas bro. If you trying to make some shit shake bro Jr they'll keep your bags near the door though. That's all. Ain't definitely about it though. I was gonna say boy listen, Just I'm sure he ain't got comfortable wherever he living. He know just keep him by the door. Yeah for sure.


He Gone buddy. What? Don't see Ju Randall like I like I'm looking at that team like what they gotta do to get make, to make a happy like man they gonna have to, it's gonna be a lot of trades in this off season and people ain't gonna get the value we expect. Man you Just messed the franchise up bro. Randall gotta go somewhere like I don't want him but like the Hawks or something like Oh Yeah I can see. I can see that bro. Yeah something like that. I don't want him though. But look at the numbers man. 1875 he Want to be a star. He a player but he don't, he don't move the needle though. But we just need, we need somebody. Yeah that nigga Trey has nobody. Yeah they got Trey out there just carrying the team and Jaylen will be back this year. Jaylen obviously Jaylen Johnson is tough.


He's the star potential. Nah yeah I mean he, he's on his way to be an Allstar but we just need another something. It might not be Julius Re because Jaylen is a power forward. Really? We might need something. We might need Bradley bill. Shit. Whoa Be mad at that. Nah I wouldn't be mad at that at all. I wouldn't be mad at that. Yeah but but he been so mad that you can't even justify like getting Bradley, You know what I mean? Like we about to bring Bradley Bill. Motherfucker be like why? Well he got two years off on the deal too. Yeah they that's maybe the last year but two years in they got D and Dale like damn he about to get most of food Your Wife damn. You know what I mean? So damn.


That's what I'm saying. That's what happened to Brad to the point where people was questioning why you should trade for Bradley bill. That's crazy. They're in the same boat to see who's gonna take them on. We never would've thought that was the two all stars from two years ago. Which is crazy as well. Shout to my boy. Tyree's going crazy. Double, double 11 straight games. Yes he's very important to this team 'cause when he don't play we are as for sure what they say about under 25. Oh he's the only person do it under 25. So it's slight one of a few. I seen Lalo do this but anyway. Oh y'all highlighted that on Here. He was trying to be before they brought the Melo. Oh Respect. Shout to Lalo for you bro. No but I think like not to be funny but if Tyrese Halliburton back flares up, you guys are cook or his hamstring or whatever be happening in the playoffs.


So hopefully he can stay healthy 'cause y'all really got a good team. Y'all got a fun team to watch actually. It's like you actually fun to watch. Yeah they play fast. Yeah And we do a lot of stupid shit too to keep the game interest into it. Yeah but if he has one of those hamstrings or it's hamstrings Right. Should pick one at this point. Okay whatever. If he get hurt, injured or whatever, y'all ain't no world of trouble. Oh if he gets hurt we're fucked. I I have no other scout for that. Hopefully he can stay healthy. Yeah. Hope Y can make a play IJ McConnell but no. Yeah. Hopeful y'all can make a playoff. No it's a great answer to that. Cool. No but if y'all get bounced out the playoffs again early, let's say y'all losing the first round, second round. What do y'all do for the Pacers y Trey, tj McConnell 'cause he is a valuable piece.


People want him. I feel like the Pacers is where they supposed to be. They always gonna be a middle tier team. That's all. Thank that's that's Indiana. Yeah so it like this is a cool team bro. Let's just have fun. Yeah if we make it to the second round And we lose to the Celtics or we lose to the Knicks. We had a great season bro. Season bro. For what? You asked for. If you ask what I do with the all season. Yeah the bid. I told you how I felt. We gotta consolidate bro. If we gonna keep Rick, Rick don't keep a big rotation of players bro. Our young talent, we don't know what they gonna do 'cause we haven't seen Jared play it enough to really evaluate him. He don't be fucking with Benedict Mare even though he be killing. Yeah. Yeah like if, if we gonna keep Rick then we gotta consolidate bro 'cause we don't have enough rotation And we gonna pay a lot of people money that we don't need to pay but shit, I'll say the cap though.


Yeah, yeah bro. But you gotta pay miles, miles going on the bag And I man who else you going to get? Nobody's coming here bro. So you have to pay miles. That's I have to pay miles. That's why I was mad. I love to pay. They don't get nobody. Yeah you not could get nobody else rolled it out. Yeah you I it here if you wanna make some money come to the Facebook bro. We'll give you a chance bro. Anybody can play obviously facts. Yeah bro. You we got Thomas Bryant, he done got research his career. I fuck with Thomas Bryan. What's we going get bro out there? Come on. That's crazy. I'm thinking LP called me. I seen him. I call y'all missed your call nigga I seen you call. He like man you silly man.


Everybody keep calling about that joke you said about me playing on 19 man wasn't no joke. We so fast. It was a fact. 18.2 you crazy. They keep calling me, call me back. Nah shit gave me some tips and they locked in. Nigga was trying to get the playoffs. Nigga got talk be talking to Jeff bro. What you on? Nah Hey I'm gonna hit you back though. Shout to the pace Good though for sure.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are with all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare. How many points of favorite player would score rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the EBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Best instantly Take it to the record with Draft King Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void and Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources see dk eng.co/audio


Listen man respecting Chicago Bulls. I told you every time we count them out they prove us wrong Man they took care of the nuggets yesterday. 1 29 to one 19 conference player of the week. Kobe White were crazy with 37. Josh Giddy went crazy with 26 and nine. Jamal Murray hooped out 28 and seven and Peyton Watson had 24 and six. Hey man Kobe White be balling. He knew Josh. Giddy, giddy, giddy man. His contract year. That's why his stats been looking pretty nice man he gonna get him a nice four year 80. Damn. Yeah solid. That's crazy. Playing with them stats on that team. They ain't winning nothing about to get him paid. Score you he about to get paid player. You gotta pay somebody for the franchise. Yeah you gotta pay somebody. We talk about the squad.


I don't know what the hell the bulls gonna do. You look at that roster, what do you do with that team? You gotta just try Who you gotta go somewhere. You gotta get 'em gone. Yeah but you gotta try to get one of these picks man. You gotta try to get, you gotta nail this one. Like you gotta get the perfect player for this team. Who could they get though? Who you think they not getting Cooper flag but that next whoever it is, they gotta make the right pick. They can't because not the wrong with they they draft from this year. He is good. He's gonna be a good player. Yeah he's solid. Yeah but it didn't, they need one of them, they need a D roll, You know what I mean? They need a fuck it. We, You know what I mean? You Looking for an instant Star. Dylan Harper then they need H Bailey.


I don't know. You think he could carry the franchise? I don't know. I don't want him to. I rather, I'd rather Need somebody. They gotta, they gotta get the right thing That Zach Levine Facts For real. He'll get up there and Bro he's but they need somebody, they gotta be somebody they see these meetings like that got this star potential that can just, and the only person that really like I feel And you got Kobe White, he's a good player but like the only person in this draft that I feel got like that John Morant effect is Jeremiah Fierce. I don't know why when I watch him I just feel like he can like I like that. How tall is he? He's six four. I don't know how tall. He like six two. About six.


He was six four. But he just got this thing about his game where I feel like he could just, nah he's cold. Yeah. Yeah I know how I feel about Deion. The impact is real. He he legit a lottery Bro. Yeah but he just like, 'cause Oklahoma wasn't supposed to be good this year. No nah yet. No bro, nobody thought nothing Oklahoma. No I fuck with him 'cause he's really supposed to be in high school bro. Yeah, he but he got this thing about his game. It's like facts. Dang. I don't know Captivate bro. It makes you exciting and it's like man he can spark a franchise like so you think he gonna be that one out this draft for some reason. He some reason. Dude, of course I could see he cold. He got that Russell effect bro. He my favorite. He played the way he moved like Dylan Harper.


Nice. But he, he moved methodical and like used his body a lot. He cold. But something about this dude is exciting man. No And I ain't saying that 'cause I seen him play for Indy here. I'm just watching the game. Shout out to that. Shout out to that too. Yeah, he's a killer. Most definitely. I know Yo's still out right now but we ain't worried about too much for them. They gonna get in the playoffs And you gonna have a deal with him and Jamal Murray bro. I'm heard for sure. So super Chad, Rashad G ags jet. What are your thoughts on Anthony Black's future in the NBA? We draft him as a bg but Mosley doesn't seem to trust him as a ball handler yet. He's not a really good ball handler. I watch his game, he's a defender. His offensive game is struggling.


I mean he's not a shooter at all. He gotta start being able to make a shot once he can make a shot be a big guard but more of a defender right now. And that's his biggest struggle. He gotta be more effective offensively. But it is his shooting man. I don't know if y'all wanna look it up. Anthony Black, he is not a really good shooter right now. Yeah his field guard percentage ain't that lit. Nah and it just come with time. But they got so many young guards that I don't Yeah but look at his three point shoe and if it's high he only take probably one game. 32%. Yeah. Like it's not good enough on that team.


Nah, not when you got PB five and Franz and these big wings who can create, you gotta be able to knock down a shot when they, when they kick it to you. Facts. And I don't know, he's an interesting player to me. I mean I think the the magic do a great job of getting the most outta their players. But I think they drafted really weird. They drafted Cole, Anthony Cole, Anthony Jalen sucks, sucks all guard back last year. Who they had, they had Markel foes come on they, they just drafted really weird to me so I don't know. Good luck to him though for sure. Jones Bald as have you ever seen a player ever less than f in Co to becoming a guy who drops 40 in the G League and the G league has kill us.


He he was hurt bro. He had a heart problem. Yeah that nigga that though. Yeah bro. He almost died bro. Yeah like so we understand like what happened at USC, he ain't even get a chance to really hoop at all bro. He had a heart, he had a heart surgery bro. Almost died bro. Legit. Yeah for him to progress this fast is honestly really a good thing. You know he get a lot of hate because LeBron kid bro. Bro that's really crazy to overcome for sure. Yeah. Delaine White asked, I seen a video with Tatum having two lockers when it came to number one options. Are they the only ones that have two lockers in the locker room? No. No that's not true. A lot of people got two lockers.


Yeah, Brian de got a whole side. Yeah I had, I had two lockers. PJ Tucker had two lockers with all his shoes in one man and he was not the first option. Shout to pj, the parlay quad asked it really go by longevity though. Hmm. How long you been there? That makes sense. Is it Doc's fault? Couldn't a better coach figure out a way to get them to coexist? Not to say Doc a terrible coach but You know that, that he's a terrible coach but is a doc fault. Why Yodas can't get along with Dame? No I'm not. We not saying they don't get along they they styles clash. Yeah they just don't just different match. Will they play different styles?


Like Damon's a more free flowing player. He usually play with Pass First. Bigs like was a pass first Big Plumley pass first Big. Yeah. They set screens to try to get him open. He hit him in a pocket pass. They get in the, You know they get in the lane make plays, kick it out to him, kick it out the shooters or whatever. Yeah. Giannis is a score first big so you gotta throw the ball to him and he gonna try to make plays. He gonna push the ball. He a all star superstar icon, whatever you wanna call him. So it's different. Dame used to playing, Dame is a superstar icon, all that. And he used to playing with guys that the team was built around him. Yeah. And this team was built around Giannis so he gotta fit in.


It is, it is different man. Dame ain't the type of player you need to fit in. I need Dame to be Dame Spectacular. Yeah they both ball dominant. Yeah that's the, that's the problem. They both need that Peel got to for sure. Yeah. JG three asks. Y'all think NIL is going to make Cinderella runs in March. Rare. And is this going to ruin the tournament? No, 'cause Colorado State was travel call away quote unquote from make it to the sweet 16. You're still gonna have those. I mean you gonna have good teams but at any given time tournament you can lose. That's just part of the tournament bro. Yeah, that's just going, that's always gonna be there. But they, they, they got boys in the portal already bro. And they playing in the Sweet 16 Scotty Pipkin son in the portal. Shout to him Legend.


We A game on Thursday or Friday. So Many people like be here look at this bullshit. But That is crazy. You couldn't wait. Nope. Nah bro. Because I'm gonna let y'all know I ain't happy. Shit. Ain't that a bench Mike ain't That's something I do though. Look, see if my attitude come out, I'm doing it because now I'm shit first. Y'all got it. No It's out pocket. We don't disagree now I'm trying to fuck the locker room. Oh I don't get no Talk. Your shit I Don't get, be honest bro. Y'all, y'all fraud. I'm about be canceling Y Y pay attention. I hope we losing our supporters. I hope y'all pay attention to these things. I don't aint emotion wishy city. I ain't, I ain't say it was right but I told you what was gonna happen bro.


I don't get to play the portal open. I gotta let these boys know portal open yesterday be here. It's something to lock in bro. If y'all gonna disrespect me I'm gonna disrespect y'all bro. Put put it on. Put it on the ESPN. I'm transferring today. I don't care nothing about no game. We Already listen. See I be trying to calm down this. I wonder do he like he already Locked in on the phone bro. Nah I need to stop. The media don't need this. Nah, I need to stop. Nah bro. Drop my flyer bro. My Daddy is in the media already enough. Nah the only way, the only way you can get recruited you gotta put your name in the portal. It is already There. Already made the call. No, they gonna announce it. They gotta announce this And I want 'em to, they have to though. They drop my graphic too. Yeah, if kids did announce with AAU team they going to Bro.


I can tell you what, what calls if you don't put your name in a portal, you can't get calls, you can't get Listen We already handled that bro. We jumped in A portal 13 minutes after that game. Come on bro. I'm ready. 13 minutes. Where am I moving to? I'm not going back Kevin. He said I'm not flying back with the team. I got my shit packed. He Leave bro. I was fired. Leave. Don't fuck with y'all. Shout out to him. That's a job. It's a business bro. Yeah it's a business bro. They play professional You know because coaches can put you in a portal. Yo coaches can put you in a portal. Yeah. Nah that's crazy. I ain't know that. Yeah they can tell. You know it's a one year contract. I can tell you we not renewing your contract so where else you gonna go. They did that with scholarships though. Yeah but usually it used be what you want is crazy as a college athlete.


It used to be a commitment like I'm sad usually schools used to give you four years. Like true. Yeah. Now I'm gonna pay you for this year one if it don't work out you can come back but your pay is gonna be half the price. And we got some guys going through that now that we know and they might have been making a certain amount of money last year they didn't perform like they should have the money done went down. They like you can take this, you can go to the portal. Matter of fact some of y'all got pushed to the portal. Hey yeah we not gonna pay Y Y step getting demoted at your job, your warehouse job. Eat your job though. Yeah bro. This shit get tricky with the money now y'all not kids no more. We gonna treat y'all like grown from. Yeah them hill got keys. Put 'em on the table. Yeah, yeah we need all that bro.


Need all that bro. That apartment. Yeah you don't live here no more. You was lit last year taking Me from a team lead position and putting me back on the line is crazy. That's like a nigga you off first before you on third. It's the truth bro. That's what it is now for sure. Oscar Stewart asked been going back and forth with someone about this but who's a better pass over overall? Tre Young or Tyrese Hall? Tre Young Tre Young Cherry Young. Yeah. Generation is a way better passer bro. I'm not gonna go away but I'm sure. Nah it ain't no Listen, I like Tyrese Halle Brown. I think he code but you see the stats. But what I'm saying is Tyrese, he's a, he's a safe passer. He don't throw risky pass. That's why he don't got that many turnovers. Tre Young is a lead pass but he throw risky pass.


He throw one hand LOBs, he throw all these kind of crazy bounce pass and he's shorter so we're gonna criticize him because he makes better basketball decisions is what you're telling me. No, coach TT said he was a better passer and some people are gifted passers like what's a boy from overseas? Milos? Yeah, he's a gifted passer crazy. Nick is a gifted passer. Trey Young, a gifted passer nigga. Tre Young one. Best I could pass the best we ever seen. Yeah I'm a, I could pass the ball but nigga I was a safe passer. The live was there. I I threw a regular pass. Reon throw a live in one hand. That's all Tyree do. He he draws to the basket. Miles Turner Pop he run, he just throw it back to Miles Turner.


Shoot a jump. He don't do nothing. That's it's quality basketball. It, it's good plays. I'm not saying he can, he makes good decisions but he don't do nothing overwhelming where it's like oh my god did you see that pass by Tyrese Hall? 11 to one. Love that. Huh? 11 to one. I love it. Nah, he he a quality passer bro. But nah I'm saying he make great decisions. He a great game manager man. Nah, Tre Young been doing Diamond his whole life for show back. Sure you don't throw crazy elimination to points in the for sure Crazy pass fire And I ain't hating like I wasn't, I'm a Tyree Halliburton passer like safe passers for sure. Ad returned yesterday helped the Mads get the win over the net belt of ass situation. One 20 to 1 0 1 out.


Marshall been bawling since everybody been hurt going crazy with 22 AD had 12, six and three only play 27 minutes though. Good showing from him. Cam Johnson showed up at 17 like we said. Man ay coulda sat out man. But I, I think this is a sign of good faith going forward for him too man with the organization. Let him know he locked in so hey go ahead and make sure y'all get him that match. You know what I'm saying? Survives he got too. Yeah, got too man. I don't know what this next team is. They definitely gonna be on Goodwill soon going forward. But where they at in the rankings to the Nets? What do they need? Do they need to get rid of the they team Curly now and rebuild all the way over? I ain't a fan of the Nets bro. August. I don't even know what you, I don't have anything. What do they Cam Johnson? That's, yeah that's it bro. That's it. Yeah. I'm not a fan of the next 'cause when they got something going good they traded away.


They had a cool season story and it was cool because I Honestly don't think every team in the NBA looks at the industry like yeah what, what, what y'all niggas got? Let's all meet up and link up. They do though. They just the little brothers bro. They gone. Yeah but I, I wouldn't even want to go to Brooklyn. Like if I'm a yeah if I'm going to New York I might as well go to the garden bro. Yeah bro. The Knicks I might as well the next was popping out for a little bit bro. That's crazy. Shout to be that bro. Like no one cares about like even how they talk about the arena in New York. You remember all camera and them like yeah we was shooting D in the back rolling weed at the Barclay. It is like nobody care. That's the trap. They ain't doing that at the dark. Nah bro. They were never, never. Yeah that roster. Yeah D low you gonna average 20 next year.


My boy go crazy. Cool. You talking about Minnesota need me. Oh nobody needs you bro. Stay over there to keep getting 20 until you done. If he go to Minnesota bro. If You know back on all your teams, that's crazy. Delo. Nah but having career watching them play and say yeah I'm what they need. It's crazy when you look there he was just on their team like me going back to Minnesota saying I the one they need nigga we just had you for three years. You was not it. We ain't win shit. They got response. Say no. That's what everybody wrote said I read the comments. I was so bored when he said that on that paper. Everybody was like, no the fuck we don't Shout out to do. You were awful. Here speak your mind came man.


We'll be back for part two man. Yeah, hell nah. They For real too Block bro. They got, they got you bro. They got Rob Dylan. Hell bro. Facts any younger. Yeah. Let Rob Rock out bro for Rob Man. Desmond Super. What do y'all think of Todd Pettiford? How long he saying to Auburn? We spoke highly of him on here. Maybe one year or it depends on how this turned to go. Probably Another, he probably need another Year. Okay. But if he lead this year, he, he'll be fine for sure. I mean what he gonna be like, what they got him on boys first? Probably they got him on the board maybe early second. What's his name? Ty Pettiford? Yeah. Pettiford. I like him. How up to date is this boy by the way? Probably rough Today.


Up to date by the minutes. Here we go. Early second. Early second. He, He making a light pool. Go back to school boy. Let go back get you another year. Unless you about to make a a crazy run in this tournament, you gonna Have to boy de put up 35. He don't play enough bro. Yeah. But Next year, You know what I'm saying? He'll have that opportunity. They say he play Brandon Jennings. Damn. I ain't mad at that. He kind of do. I like his game though. He do need a little bit more opportunity because he, he only plays half a game For sure. Shout to him. Who was last? Who they compare? Go back to that draft board real quick. Let's go see who they compare.


What was that number? Jeremiah Fierce? Yeah, Jeremiah Fierce. Who? They like Russell Westbrook. I've seen a lot of that. But I said that one we seen him at the, what's the name? I ain't got one. He wasn't even supposed to be on the boards. That's crazy. Damn, that's crazy. He supposed to be in high school. Yeah right. Who they got? Dylan Harper play like Probably like KK Jay Brunson. I damn That's Crazy. Damn. He do Who? Like K mixed with B Brunson. On everything. That's Two good people to be like boy Max deals for sure. Yeah, that's what's up. And then Kevin Hamilton Super Chest says be here you the most funniest out of pocket nigga ever you love in the trucking community. Oh. Shout to K him man.


Love the truckers man. You Fuck with truckers. Fuck with him. Y'all be making them stops. I'm y'all know what stops I'm talking about. Yeah, I'm a real CDL. We're the ones with the Liz running out. Oh yeah. Lot lizards boy. Yeah just look, put your finger in your ear. No man, let's go, let go. Oh he the rappers beat the wizard last night. Wax test shots are all my the wax Test. No man, the late last night game. Rap be? Yeah The witch lost another game. The Raptors Won. I love shout to my nigga Buck. The Real city is Matter of fact Nigga, where you at?


My tv nigga? I I playing. Oh. Oh who cares? Rap Shalon Wizard win games. Pelicans took care of the 76 ERs. Quinn Grimes and Hoop. So we don't care about that game either, man. Celtics Kings 1 33 95. JT had 25 8 and seven. He got hurt. Yeah, took my boy out. Did y'all see that play? Was that, was that malicious? I think it was malicious but damn, come on bro. Some bullshit. I hope. I hope he good dog was just APR ankle. Nah, for real serious. So we got, we got back to back chips to win so hey. Yeah that's crazy man. Peyton pri bald out yesterday with 22 DeMar Rose had 20 in 10.


Simon had 16 to 17. Yeah that's a hell of a closeout. It's about, that's crazy bro. Can't doing that to people. Yeah, come on bro. Yeah, I didn't like that shit at all Bro. That was, that was dirty. Alright, verify buckets beat here. Who was getting to it yesterday? I'm gonna go on give it to KD man. 38, 8 5 and 30 Bucks. Oh He's still killing even though he's in a horrible situation right now. Still getting buckets and that new KD 18 is fired. I swear to God. Most definitely is. Fire kd. If you listen to the show you probably don't but if you do I'm begging again. I need them bacon ones. Those are crazy Word Fire bro. But the ones you have last outside the L Valley joints, them tough. The bacon We gonna speak highly of, of you sneakers.


That 18, a lot of nigga shoes get weak. The letter of their career. That's the EYBL one. That motherfucker cra. Hey K's had one of the best basketball shoes of all time. No. Yeah. And he got iconics in like the KD four. One of the best shoes of all time. Nah, that that one right there is, that's special. Every color he's, I've seen that shoe so far has been picked that that making one is fired though. We talk about shoes a lot on this show. Yeah. Five 20 In The Morning and Club five 20. Even the Texas color wave is fire. Yeah like I ain't, he ain't missed on a color wave. Yeah I Ain't gonna lie. That bacon, that Mo right there, that's Elite Is Ill. Oh them Is fire. Yeah you get shit off. No this is about Buck but KI had to shout your shoe game out nasty. I Swear to God. Matter of fact, y'all make sure y'all chop this up and send it to KD because listen man I want them Bacons bro.


I want them Bacons bro. Them miss Fire bro. I think five 20 is at a, a high enough pinnacle now to where push should be up. Treat us like the A u Kids Miss Champion them fired got him hard though. Not for sure. Shout to kd. He went crazy yesterday for sure. Verify bugger for you. Teague. Kiki do you love me? She is boy. USC one of your killers right now. She held it down for Juju being out yesterday with 36 and nine. She's going to be a top five pick for sure in this year's draft. She is very cold as well. Killer. My verified bucket. I'm gonna show some other de Fran Wagoner man. 32 and nine. He was Bly yesterday.


Mo who you got? Morocco Josh Giddy man he got to it Rashish 26, 9 7. He been hooping for sure last but certain not least Kobe White Ball yesterday. Young killer 37 piece for sure. Alright, well soon be here. Who you got Giannis? Oh yeah Ryan Don caught him lacking. Hey The pass de book that's a gray pass. Ryan Dun is in young promising spots on this team and he was not playing for like too much. I think that shit's crazy too. We Legit poster want strong in The league, You know playing. Hey You know why you weren't playing? Why?


Because Bradley Bill was playing. It's a fact bro. Oh man Bradley Bill ain't doing that. Yeah He is probably Bill to do that bro. Stop Bro. He ain't doing that. Lay Bradley. Nah fucking with Bradley Bill. I didn't say he was better. I'm just saying on that plane he Would've dunked that. He Probably would've shot a layup. Nah he would. He could punch that Bradley Bill be chilling bro. He could punch that Nobody Get hurt nigga out 40 year this nigga talking about this nigga Dun playing for his life. That's Y y Close on nigga. You know I mean say I'm just saying I'm You And you and Tus gotta get A Floater.


You and Tus gotta get the hell out there. We'll keep it safe because Tus is one of the best backup point guards in the league. My cheese And now Tys the shit they enrolled. You get my dogs out there man. Fred Real? Nah they need to go. Oh yeah you right. Hey they need to go. You better call Bradley because he like shut the fuck up team. I told you I like Phoenix So my kids like it out here. Weather's Amazing bro. I will. Yeah bike outta extension place much. Ain't No be crazy. Be hoop never be Phoenix. He'll be the est goat OB See what you got.


Yeah my verified bucket is Nah Draft King Mudge. We got some confrontation. We got some conversation needs to be had. Well Shout the draft scheme. The crowd's gonna be somebodies after this conversation Draft Y'all on verify the bucket. Not even on that segment. First of all it was on my boy heart because I was just thinking about my text last night And I was like damn. They said they nevermind. Okay I'll tell y'all it up the skull. Well NPJ dunked on Vic. Shit get well soon.


Oh man. Woo. Hey That boy something new boy. So Crowd is always your hell that so tops. Alright, last one we got man. Get well soon to the Milwaukee Fox said we're not even on that segment. The bucks here up a game winning shot wide open for no reason because look at for no reason. Look at it. Oh nobody's close. Yeah that's crazy bro. Whoa they sad. That's why I want the bucks in the playoffs, shit Like this them notator ACL playing around like that boy get off that wing boy.


Look at that scream. That good future. I got you through that. That's crazy bro. It's hard for seven foot niggas to move y'all. I be telling y'all but what Seven foot niggas damn near lame just walking down the street. What is Gary Trent doing? What, what crazy is Brooke doing anyway? You know, shit, why did Brooke grew? Why is Brooke trying to exactly Get off that wing? I I really need to figure out what Brooke, like what are you doing Brooke? You not about to switch with him? That's not the play call I need. Who was that trend with him? Yeah, Gary Trent the died on the screen. He Probably like nigga this trend job. No, trying Feel, he double screened him. Look at, Let see to Screen.


He's completely Damn. It's cool bro. Shout Out to damn ante Porter. That's the Bucks team I wanna play. I was god dammit. Yeah, what you call each shot? So he took the under for sure. Dam didn't play? Nah, nah, he didn't play. Damn. You got one today for him? Be him? No, I'm gonna do one. I'm gonna do one. Okay. This is for Thursday. This is a March Madness Parlay. Oh wait, wait, wait. It's for Thursday. Yeah. Oh no, we gonna save it then. Listen man, chap in to the peaks. We, we gonna run up on Thursday. Moon y'all some money. Maybe, maybe not, but next time we'll be here five 20 in the Morning.


The Volume.


This is Mel Reed, l Pia, tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and Host. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. An iHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue Bulls and entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boogie Thomas, red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now at ticketmaster.com.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.