
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


What's up everybody? Id Nan Kin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on LA tablet. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Monday. It's your favorite sports show. Five 20 In The Morning here to keep you up to date and everything in this sports world, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Hendrick. To my right, my brother Teague. Fellas, good morning. How y'all doing? What's the word? What up with it? You know what I'm saying man, everybody good spirits good. Monday morning we all recovering from the Hendrick experience man. We the time yesterday man. Good Time. Good time. And stop snitching. I can, I'm allowed to go. I'm allowed to drive my car at three In The Morning, shit. Yeah. Yeah. We on that. I'm on that. And you know what? Because I don't do shit and, and bro going, he gonna keep it cute, you know what I mean?


But I am gonna start, everybody who tell on us, I am saying your name on this big ass platform that we got. I love this. I promise you that your name will be stated Whitney. This is, this is the real Facebook post. Listen Whitney, We're not going to use our platform for good things. Stop fucking playing. Look, I seen even at a light. Yes. That's what people do. They stop at lights. How can I get home? I can't Tell aboard. Yeah. I have a vehicle I, I seen. Just know, keep selling and shy hands If you wanna snitch, make sure like it was somebody in the car with me or something. Like, Hey, I'm happy we are here. We been Ping for a little minute, man.


Have anybody came to Y'all feel about some wild lies, some wild podcast. So you just be like, why are you talking? Yes, because somebody came up to my mama in church and said that we'd be wild on a podcast. Hey, fuck you. Yeah. Yes they have. Yeah, all the Time. Well that, That church Situation different. Yeah. I don't see, I don't wanna share the stories, but from here on now I'm telling on everybody back. Yes, yes. Yeah. I'm what? Like I'm on that every day you Snitch back. I I'm the, I'm telling on everybody. Yeah. We're not keeping this on no more. Yeah. So The rules of the game have Changed. Those days are over with. Yeah. People ont hear I what the fuck. Yeah, I stopped at a light. Yes. Anyway, Ain't nothing to waking up to a text that don't make no sense.


You gotta make sense of It is crazy. It did. Like never. Alright, That's some club five 20. Shit. Y'all go back to the sports shit. We back, I, I had to get, we had to get that out Chest. We gotta start the week off clean. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Snitch back. Listen man, listen Super Bowl yo. Who gonna be playing man? Let's start with the first A FC championship. It was crazy yesterday. Chiefs advance yesterday, beat the bills again. 32 to 29. Pat Mahome at 2 45 in the air. Mm. 43 running. It had three TDS total. Josh Allen showed yesterday he had two TDS and 39 Rush yards. Listen man, I know we talked about this on the pod dropping today dope episode. Please tap in. But Pat Mahomes man, he get a three P he goat.


Yeah. Yeah. Brady never got three in a row. He changing the game. Yeah, He, he making it look too easy. Even though it was a good game. I mean he just making it. We all knew the Chiefs was gonna win. I don't think nobody had like a thought in their mind like dang the bills might win this game. Yeah. Shout out to the fans of Buffalo. Know what I'm saying? I know y'all thought this was your year. You know what I'm saying? Respect. But I mean y'all endured more heartbreak. Didn't they get to Super Bowl a couple times in the row and lose? Yeah. This is not new to them man. Yeah, I thought I wanted the bills to win but I guess I was hating. Oh yeah, you had your Josh Allen Up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was hayan. It's Different when Pat Mahomes up there. I think that's the real deal. Like Yeah, I was say It's crazy because I've been seeing a lot of comparisons. People been putting it to the, the Steph and James Harden situation.


Oh. It was like Josh Allen having a crazy year. It's like James Harden killing, but you know what I'm saying. When it came down to it, Steph always got passed that Pat Mahome is damn show Steph. Oh Steph Curry for sure. Yeah. I'll give you that. That's a hell of a good person. That's great. Whoever put that together. Yeah, that, that was like damn, that's better. I could say anyway man, but man, shout out to the Chiefs man. It's crazy. Pat Mahomes do it but whoever on that team, man, it don't matter. Yeah man. Shout to the Chiefs. They gonna get it done. They gonna get it done. I remember we would kept saying he couldn't win without Tyreek Hill Man. Then they Won without Tyreek Hill and when he had some, who was his main receiver last year? Juju? I don't even know. I don't even know. He did have Juju Juju's left and came back too.


Yeah. I don't even know. But he just, I just glad to see Deandre Hopkins there man. For sure man. Yeah. I want the Eagles to win but the CD Hopkins won bro. After that smut they put on you bro. You, you deserve it. Yeah, that'll be, that'd be hard. I Like Sequan too though, so I'm a little torn. Yeah. I won't sayquan a whim just 'cause the Giants are stupid. Listen, I don't ever want nice things to the Eagles but like you said man, for what the Giants did for them to give Sequan a new fresh breath and a great team and ruined our division for the next four to five years. They deserve to see the the Eagles win for show man. Moving on to next game. Like you said belt to ass situation yesterday man The Eagles definitely took care of the commands yesterday. 55 to 23. It was a close game. It's that third quarter after that fumble.


It got real wicked. Man. Sequan went crazy yesterday. One 18 on the ground with three tds Jor Hertz had 2 46 in the air and four total tds. Man. And listen man, JD showed up yesterday. He had 2 55 in the air, 48 Russia, two tds. It was just different man. The Eagles look like they can to get the chip again this year. Oh he played Really well though. Defenses, It's just different bro. Yeah, they just got a good ass team. Yeah, the Eagles are a world constructed team. Like you said they were really good and then they got Saquon Barkley, Jaylen Hur sat down and said this what y'all wanted. He was, he ready for that bro. He about to start talking cash shit now I they win it. Actually They was talking shit about him on the internet. They was like, he came in dressed like Shamar Moore, Mr. Michael Jordan in the nineties and said that boy want that moment.


Nah for sure. That was a good win for them. They beat the hell out of them bro. Yeah, He got wicked in that fourth quarter. They ran up the score and I love it. This is divisional, you know what I'm saying? We play all the time and this is for all the marbles to go Super Bowl. Yeah we gonna beat y'all ass. Shout a Gilly man. I see you in the locker room clowning acting fool man. One of the most underrated parts about this Philly world is the fact that they like integrated them with that. Like when he came out in the tunnel with the last game That's fire. Yep. Yeah he really tapped in But he been really know Football. He a super fan though. Yeah. Hell yeah, But shout out to the commanders. They had a good year. Great year. Jay Daniels best rookie season ever. That was a good Year, man. Shout, shout Terry too bro. Yeah, running back next year. Na, you had a good year. They was on Terry Head.


They was like hey man Terry had a great year but who the hell is his barber? My boy had the crazy blend bro. Up top bro. Pause like we gotta get a pick of that up. It is one of the nastiest cuts. Like Terry you, you getting too much money to get him type of phase. My boy He locked in bro. He wasn't even thinking about no phase. Fuck That. He You start getting money, he making enough money him get, don't gotta get cuts no more. For sure. Y'all tell we about to get married Susie? Yeah, it definitely ain't gotta get accustom. He Already locked in. Nobody care about you after that. Hey Remember those old, not old but the playoff traditions LeBron used to have, they used to all just like get lineups. Nobody could get cuts and stuff like that. Oh Yeah. Who the fuck was lining them up? Well, well I don't know who was lining up the Cavs but oh man they paid because they all had them, them baby Kobe frozen playoffs.


Oh Damn. Did Y'all have any traditions like that? Any team you've been over there like playoff time by do a little shit like y'all lock in differently or something like that. Y'all just went and Hoop just winning hoop? Mm Yeah I couldn't imagine them doing that in the Atlanta bro. Nah, Joe cared about his waves too much. Yeah, Joe ain't going, that's why first one About hell nah, he ain't going. I was watching the game the other day. I remember running that back and I remember when they were trying to get to the playoffs, Earl was like the team of solidarity. Nobody get it bad for like a week. And I was just like, hey I, I believe in team chemistry but that's some bullshit. Nah, that's just crazy Bro. Bro that's that's nasty. Yeah, that's that ain't it. Alright man. Does it say more for the Eagles to get to the Super Bowl for the Chiefs?


I don't know. Shit both of 'em go Teams. Mm They been here before. Yeah I think we kind, everybody kind of predicted this though. Hmm. Yeah like when the season first opened we all kind of said the Eagles and the Chiefs would probably being a, you know the championship. Yeah. I mean Eagles had a hell of a season. Like we said NFC got a little bit spooky. Vikings going out early. Lions going out a little bit earlier than expected. Yeah I thought they have a little bit more resistance but Guy show some respect for sure man. But you know Papa Holmes, he get them chips on the repeats, they run in the back. You already got him one time If he win it again. I know he probably won. What else y'all want me to do bro? Nothing, I didn't fulfill my contract bro. I'm a, I'm a hall of Fame nigga and I worth this 500 million now or what? I'm worth a billion at this point. Yeah, yeah They win it again.


He, he need to redo his contract. Y'all ahead and give him a statue and get a coach one too. Andy Reed. Andy Reid need a statue bro. For sure. I I don't care what nobody say bro. Both Of them. Nah for real bro. Andy, Andy Reed is the goal bro. If I'm Pat Mahomes fuck a statue. I need half of this stadium. Like I, this is my stadium I need to be a owner of the Chiefs For, for him to turn around Kansas City, Missouri. Like that is crazy bro. That's not like a, that's a walk up town bro. That's Modesto. Nah for real. Like even when we think about like vacationing with our families and just our friends bro, I don't think any of us ever said bro we gotta pull up to KC bro. No Listen I know they don't feel, I feel the same way about Indianapolis.


Aint nobody put up here for vacation but niggas is not talking about sliding against the City ever. Nah, but Pey Manny really didn't. It's different bro. Peyman done had a city lit like Pat Mahomes bro like that damn near guaranteed to go to the Super Bowl every fucking year bro. Yeah bro he Looking at his playoff resume every year that he's been in the N NFL bro. Yeah That's damn near like Alabama and college football bro. Real shit like Type dominance. That's all we got to look for bro. Like so that's hard. Shout out to Pat. So Peyton definitely didn't have it like this. Nah He didn't and Payton had the city lit And we was on pins and needles every time we gotta playoffs. Nah. Right. That's what I'm saying Man. And listen I know we make the Lamar Jackson comparisons about that early struggle but yeah going, starting off he murder was killing a regular season dude was spooky in the playoffs the first seven Years.


Yeah bro that's what I'm saying. It's different bro for you to have that small town and y'all damn near guaranteed nigga y'all damn near minus 3000 every year bro to go to the Super Bowl bro. There's no good money on betting on y'all going to the Super Bowl. Bowl That And it don't matter who changes on the roster, they can lose everybody. They still like yeah Be in the house. Got the team too. That's why I gotta put him up there with Brady. Y'all if y'all say he to go I'll fuck with that. I ain't mad at that. He get Three P. That's tough. I know Brady got hella rings, we got respect that but a threepeat is tough Bro. Three rows crazy. It's bro in football. Yeah that's tough. I just say Brady 'cause he just did it with so many different teams bro. Like all them different like New England Patriot squads bro. That's, he was making it work bro. That's kind Of like him though.


The Threepeat, they had turnover every year somebody leaves, something happened with him. Travis Kelsey and my guy Jones on defense. I hope that's who I'm saying the right one. They always at the, they did three Amigos I guess you can say they always been there, they just stapled a franchise But other than that they have a lot of turnover And then won in Tampa Bay bro. Yeah That was crazy. Yeah that was ultimate fuck You. Yeah that That was fire. Yeah so it was different though but shout out to Petty For sure man. We can't wait to see those, those odds coming up soon. That Super Bowl man it might be a little favorable for the parlay, you feel me? Yeah for sure man. Some good games over the weekend man I love when we have these type of times, you know what I'm saying?


NFL took all Sunday and so the NBA had all the Saturday man a lot of games. Lakers got two big dubs over the weekend. Man they beat the Celtics and the Warriors. How we feeling? How we feeling Man Ad was going crazy this weekend. Average 30 and 10 All them y'all niggas bro. You still, You still ain't showing them no love. They say we be slighting and they right right there at fifth. Oh yeah the LA fans be tapping in with me. You know I mean I hope y'all make the playoffs and stay there for a little bit but championship don't come across OKC wipe down. I think second round is more of realistic goal for them right now. But they have one, don't fuck with that five of last six. Is it fool's gold? Is it just No, I'm just bro, some respect. Listen bro, nobody, we would never see another LeBron James ever bro. Ever, ever. It's it is done.


I get it bro. The nigga 40 bro. So whatever LeBron James do at this point bro is his success. Yeah Bro. He about to get 50 K points. Yeah It is. That's crazy. And now everybody in LA the fans be right me, I'm like y'all, I get it LeBron, y'all wanna see him to win the championship but it's too hard bro. Y'all asking a lot at this nigga bro. Like he can't have those expectations. Yeah. There's no way that people could expect LeBron to have to get championship this year. Yeah, That's not fair. That's that's all I'm saying. Like I know he, he has to say championship or bus but that ain't, that ain't the problem. Said He has to Well you that great bro. You can't say well we we hopefully we make it to the first round. He can't, you can't do that bro.


He Can't. If LeBron get out there and say I'm trying to get to the second round, they'll kill him. Yeah, you can't do that bro. I mean but I think people would accept, I think anything LeBron say at this point now nobody really tripping like yeah you 50 bro. You didn't save the game, you didn't did. So he was like man I think we good enough to get to the second round. He would be like okay. Speaking of Brian, I want to ask y'all, who is the next, who gets the torch now though? That's a hell of a, I think it's gonna have to be most because everybody Our age is almost gone. Yeah. Our our NBA is extinct to almost, it it's, it is fading out but it is gonna have to be a, a group rapper bro. I don't think it's gonna, it's Not extinct number one. Yeah. Nah it's, I don't think it'd be the N NBA best interest to do that either. 'cause then they be putting a lot of burden on somebody. I doubt they could carry that shit.


LeBron carried that shit differently. That's why we praise him the way we do. Okay. You can't put that type of situation on under these young players. Especially with social media they had early bro. It's a lot to ask man. Okay, I just wanted to ask you. Yeah I don't, I don't know who could, I mean I think Wendy probably be the most likely next in line 'cause he just so unique of a player. Elites. Yeah. I think he'll probably be next in line but I don't think he ready to get handed to him now. I give him like two or more. Two more years. Hmm. Listen, we'll talk about it a little bit later in show but what I saw from him in Paris. Hey man leave wouldn't be alone bro. Man leave wouldn't be alone please. Speaking About Paris, how y'all went out there was crazy. Yeah. That first game that we lost to the Spurs and knew we was gonna get our ass beat. Well let's talk about before the game Jeff sent me a video of mouse switching.


Well I was, I didn't There he did with the green outfit on. He was walking him switching crazy all through the tunnel. I ain't even seen him so I ain't even seen that. Well we wore today First game knew we was gonna get our ass beat. What did you have On It was disgusting bro. Just this nigga man. What did he have on? I ain't even see it. He said you said that to funny. Yeah nigga just gonna try to throw me in it and we just, We just started this episode off Offset. We said the truth now Miles, Miles outfit is out of pocket bro. Miles Man when we outfit The Chad know the Chado. What's up? For real. I knew we was gonna get our ass beat. What? Yeah won Bro. Mike can't load it up.


My man was out here looking like Matilda. There He go. Look at him That's Walking like he got a thing back there. Hey Yo. That's Crap bro. You don't walk like that bro. My soul. I know Miles is your friend and shit bro. I'll fuck with Miles too bro. Shout but shout to walking like that 'cause you got that outfit on. It's crazy bro. That wasn't a Steve. Yeah bro that's not the vibe Changing Your changing your stuff because Your is Crazy. Yeah. What else we got man? Come on Now.


Action is always heating up on the field at the Draftking Sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL All new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the app today and use promo Code Club five 20. That's called CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets if you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See d kng dot coast slash audio.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back. Now I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah it was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the color editions. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics. And of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide. Elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app Apple podcast or wherever you listen.


We got our ass beat that first game. I was so upset bro. I know Whis that good but we can't look like that and get our ass beat bro. That's crazy man. Get well soon to us. We got it back in blood in this game up. But that fit. Yeah that's top five. Worst fits of all time. Well my nigga got a blouse on man Brian. Bro. What Them bait them shorts bait Don't Hey don't put that on that m on bait brand. We locked in. Shout to Kev. They did not make that garment On man Shouts mouth though. That's the auntie to pull up. That's just your, your auntie friend. Okay. Nobody there. Y'all crazy man. Shout out to the pictures. Hey your boy Bronny been hooping in the G league.


Y'all know Who it is been hooping the G League. You know 40% from the three You haven nest that off. Any crazy. We don't Need to talk about nothing else. Y'all said he couldn't shoot. We we over 40% from the three And that means like if he was in college with those stats bro, he would be a lottery pick this year. So you gonna make that make sense. I don't know how he tried to put that together. How He playing against he killing against better talent. Yeah, I mean he had, he had a good month If he had these stats, the G league is better than USC schedule. It's a different game. I respect But he, he playing will though.


That dunk wast nasty. Nah, he had a hell of a poster that would be showed at that dish show for show. But I'm just saying shots to You can tell, You can see his confidence growing. Definitely. I mean that's all people ever wanted to see him was be aggressive so his confidence is growing. But he did go through a what, a a, a tough year last year with the heart surgery and all that stuff. So Yeah, he helped a lot to bounce back from Yeah I think bro could be a rotational player in the league for a minute. I ain't saying he would get a lot of minutes, but I could definitely see him making squads. I mean, not off the strength of the name but end the best I player for sure. Yeah, I, I just think it's tough 'cause we people wanna see him do so well or you either wanna see him do so bad like nobody has no in between. Nobody really gives him grace.


Yeah. We so hard on him. We like, we either sad he suck or we love him. You love him? Yeah, I I I fuck with him. Yeah. The rest of the world, the other half of the world. Like he suck. He, I Think I really only like him for real. I don't know the little nigga but I think I only really like him bro. 'cause LeBron is his dad bro. His everyday life is not normal Bro. That's the fact His everyday life is not normal bro. So for him to have good games bro, I I love to see that bro. Jordan kids could never bro No it'd be not funny but I wonder how they'll treat him once LeBron's out the league. Like if LeBron get out the league and they automatically get Barney out, that'd be crazy. Yeah. Yeah. The only other superstar son I'm really fucking with is Scotty Pivot son. Scotty Pi Jr be hooping he Raw. Yeah, He he really is.


He be hooping for real. He Really is good. He was, he was underrated too. He doing his thing. For sure man. We'll we'll talk more about the Lakers as time for progresses on. Let's talk about these Allstar starters. The East we got Jalen, Brunson, Donvan, Mitchell, Jason, Tatum, Giannis and Kat. How y'all feel about that? I mean I think we all kind of No we all who You didn't. I mean y'all had mellow but I, I seen this coming. Mm Okay. You did. You called it. Yep you did in the west you Called it for sure We got SGA Steph Bryan KD Joker are those two squads. Which one of y'all think gonna to get the job done Man if off the strength is the West Off the strength We call Way coder.


Mm. I know we they doing the little, not the weird but the, the team shit split up the three A teams and stuff like that. Whatever. But just off these five going against each other. Who getting the dub in the game? We better At every position. Who is We just making sure people know West. Okay, got you. Line 'em up. SGI Jalen Brunson? Yeah the West guy is a hall of Fame. I mean all of these dudes probably gonna make the Hall of Fame but this is like a first ball. Crazy. Yeah. All like all these dudes in one MVP Shay about to won his first this year but yeah bro that's an all MVP team. Team full of MVPs is crazy. Yeah but that east team ain't no slouch man. They about probably get a game and actually play hard. For real. That west team is chilling. Yeah, they got a Lot of younger players.


They might play harder but that's a all come on bro. Stop the show. The camera died. Stop the show. As Chad said, they said we got oo cameras. He gonna say what? Like why they lying? Why did Chad say freaky like that though? Like they saying mustard. That's funny as hell. I love They play my ear top so fuck up up here for sure. But for starters we talk about LaMelo and the pod about that. How y'all feel about Weby. Should Weby have been a starter? It's okay to be not be one right now. Mm. 76 has got a solid dub this weekend. It took beat the calves by 3 1 32. The 1 29 PG hat 30 and five CE Maxey had 29 and seven.


I know we've been giving them a lot of slack but that was a hell of a win for the 76 ERs for sure. Man It was, it was. But you know it's Take away a grain of salt. Let's get a lottery pick guys. Man I was laughing. They show Paul George in his truck yesterday caught in the celebration after the game. I oh Them motherfuckers are all over his car man. He was Like, I would've been pissed too though. And they already not the happiest with him so that's the bad time if they was winning right now. Alright. He he might have been all right but nah, they like nah you losing right now. We definitely gonna, we ain't getting out your way nigga. Nah, Just be cool bro. Take the long way home for sure. T Wills beat the nuggets. 1 33 to 1 0 4. How you feel about that Dov? Man? Man I think the locker room is back.


We still sad though. The locker room is back. Yeah, I think we, we back shout to Hint. It's a good win though. Yeah Definitely Very solid. Definitely a good win. A he had 34 for sure. Rob Dillingham getting quality minutes. He went crazy in the first half of that game for sure. Man I liked it that he trying to incorporate the young talent. I imagine we'll probably see Tarn Shannon a little bit later on. But Rob taking advantage man as he Should. I mean when the opportunity comes you gotta show up and show out and you doing that Most definitely. Like you said it sparked they need offensively. He's definitely comfortable and now you can see that confidence getting there. Yeah man Robey, I'm love to see the miss for him man. T Woods, they still might need to make a move bro. They, they be giving JR RA lot of flack. He had a solid game but 21 7 to seven but they still like, eh, this ain't it.


If somebody want him, y'all can come get him. Well I I feel like that's the problem is they want somebody to come get him man. Nobody pulling up, You know, I mean we ain't, we ain't fucked up about it. We fuck with JR but if, if he gotta be on the block for us to get another quality piece, fuck it. Okay. Respect. I ain't mad at it For sure. Celtics beat the mask 1 22 to 1 0 7. Simple situation Belt to ass. Nothing much to talk about there. The Rockets beat the Cavs as well, you know what I'm saying? Cavs done slip a couple games but these young Rockets looking good man. 1 35 to 1 31 Thompson looking like he liked that bro. 2314 to 10 Trippy Dub. Nah, he he legit bro. Yeah. So you, he low Key a star. He's gonna be tough.


Jabari Smith, he, he good but I don't know if he can be able to get that spot back. Yeah, there's no way that you can take him to the bench now. Like no way. Damn. You can't even six Manny. Nah bro, he's, he's doing too much bro. You got Reed Shepherd in the G League right now. He ain't no room for Nah nah, the reason I'm there getting a reps in just because like you said Frank Fe playing so well but Nah, nah yeah, I'm just saying though. Y'all don't think he can just be like a Manu op six man. Nah Bro. Who he has to Thompson. He needs to be on the court bro at all times. Nah, He, he bro. How would you, how would you play it bro? He really a star bro. Like yeah He got the mix up for Sure. Bar Smith is a good player but he's like a, he's a more of a role player.


Okay. Like he's, I think he averaged 12, 13 points somewhere around there. He can shoot the ball but he is not been shooting it. Super great played Defense hasn't been the greatest defender. Like this dude Great defender can score look like you're a great rebounder. He ain't, he ain't Scotty Pippin for sure Like a I'm just asking how would you do, how would you adjust the lineup though? I would, I would keep this line up. You gotta gotta get where you sit in boy. No. Okay. Okay. Pull A bud on him. Yeah you Gotta fit into this rotation Facts bro. He playing great. Playing amazing bro. That's a shitty thing about injuries though. Yeah, next man up start killing to get Wicked. Yeah Look Jabbar average 11.


Yeah He having a rough year but Yeah it's, I mean shooting 36 from the 3 35 was it 35? I was like God though, I get it. Yeah but Boy I get it when they drop that list next year of best players in the NBA Thompson's going to probably be in the top 60 and yeah that has to start 'cause that's gonna be next player. Okay. Yeah he nice bro. Shout out to Young Rocks for sure. Man. Nicks got the dub beat. The Kings 1 43 to one 20 as well. Listen man, they just, they just a scary team man. Like you said. Long as they don't have to look across the finish line. That Knicks team is very, very solid man. Shout out to them getting two Allstar stars as well. Remember some dark days from Knicks fans but now they got two killers.


I like them. Yeah I just, you know what I say as long as they healthy they gonna be straight. Most definitely Clippers beat the Bucks 1 27 and one 17. James Hardwick crazy with a 40 Ball nine Assist N PZ had 33 6. I seen you on the post. I know you was ready to talk about that. Yeah you know Sada and that whole can be out of pocket. Shout out to my boy Moon and them, but yeah y'all disrespectful bro. That's a Allstar right there Bro. They been clipping that up too. Shout out to Sada. They be like Sada got relaxed on NPZ. Yeah. If He don't make the Allstar game bros an arm robbery bro. Yeah I, I'm kind of I'm with you with that one bro. He might deserve to make that team for real.


Damn. Like what? But I don't, I think James Harden does too but Norman Powell definitely deserves to be a Allstar. He is having a hell of a year. Hell of a year. I wanted to ask you about this. We'll see the reserves coming soon but his name Lilly gonna be on that list. I know they say it's real tough for the point guards out east right now. I think he gonna make it. I think he should. I don't know though. I think LaMelo missed his chance with not being a starter. Mm. I think they probably going bypass him. Yeah because I don't see a world where Dam is at an Allstar. Especially if the number he's getting and what he produced. Yeah he gotta be Allstar for sure. Yeah 25. Yeah. Yeah 25 8 and five. That would be insane if he didn't make the Allstar game.


Yeah Liz LaMelo is a small forward Reclassify. Yeah reclassify for Allstar game is crazy. Yeah we're Big enough. Pause But yo, I ain't doing that this morning. And last but not least yesterday's game, the Thunder beat, the Blazer just won 18 or 1 0 8 SGA had 35 and five quite that. Jay will had 24. Hey man, hopefully my boy get a Allstar. Nah man I know it ain't a lot of spots out west bro. But come on man. He having a great year. He gonna be a Max player so He ain't tripping on that. Yeah, ain't tripping. He on that Jamal Murray. It don't matter if I go to Allstar bid, I got a Max deal basically. That's what it's about. Shit. I think that's crazy that he's never made a Allstar team. But like you said it'd just be it get wicked out west. Yeah especially the guard position at that time.


Long as you get maxed out bro. We don't care. Yeah. Yeah. Get that paper straight up. Lot of games tonight man. I wanna see how y'all feel about him. Lakers at Hornets. Who? Lakers. Lakers Hiss at Cavs. Cs I'm with. Yeah Rockets as Celtics. That's about to be a game Celtics about Too. I'm taking the CELs. Oh yeah. Also, you know what I'm saying? You gonna be streaming that game tonight right? Yeah we gonna be on what Playback is what they called? Yeah. Gonna playback shout to Gils are ready to do nigga Dope collab for the game. I'm gonna go with the Rockets man. Young boys look out they can do something man. Show some respect Kings at Nets Kings.


Yeah. Yeah. Don't take the Kings. Don't take the Nets. Magic at Heat Magic by 10. Paolo and Franz playing tonight. I'll take, I'll take Magic Jimmy back tonight. It don't matter. I'm going heat all. Yeah. Fuck I put my money on that one. They ain't on your crash On Parlay. Oh never You outta pocket. Grizzly's a Knicks. That's gonna be a hell of a game. That's A good ass game. I'm gonna take the Knicks. Oh they on the back? I don't know. Yeah I'll take the Knicks. Gimme Grizz. I'm gonna go Knicks as well. The Tuby game of the day. Pelicans at Raptors. Freaky Z Plan. I take the pills, I'm gonna go with the Raptors.


I'm gonna go with the Raptors only 'cause they're at home Nuggets. At bulls Nuggets bro. Yeah, I'm gonna take the Nuggets. Nuggets. Interesting tidbit. I've seen the Bulls been linked to your boy Brad Bill. I don't know how that works out but that'd be interesting. You know, facilitating the deal might be acquiring him. I don't know how that works for Zach being in that situation but that was just interesting to see. Like they, hopefully it's a third team involved. I hope there's a couple more 'cause that's a nasty trait however they ends up. But more to come for sure. Hawks at t Wolves. I'm gonna take the T Wolves at home. Oh okay. I like the, you know the Hawks my squad but Yeah. Yeah. Y'all little banged up right now too. Yeah, I'm working with the T Wolves. Push out T Wolves under Man Wizards at Mav.


Mavs. Mavs Mav Free Kyle Kma as Apley bucks at Jazz Bucks by 20. Yeah Bucks like work and then Clippers at Sons Conflicted be here. Nah, nah, nah. I I'm riding with the guys. Go go. I'm gonna go with mps in them tonight. Yeah, I'm gonna go with the Clippers too For sure. Verify bucks be here. Who was getting to it this weekend? I Gotta give it to Freaky Josh. Man. Freaky Josh Hart. 18 rebounds is crazy bro. He was hooping. It was you would've had 40 in the WNBA shout to your big triple dub bro. I'm fucking with it. So you said he was in In Never Mind. You know they'd be disrespecting Joshua.


That's all I'm saying. So Well last time y'all can Stay out of that. I we got trouble last time. We Missed That. I respect, I ain't in it. Shout to Josh Hard man. 20 11 18 is crazy. Yeah. Yeah he was hooping for show man. Yeah. I'm gonna show some love. James Harden man. 40 Ball and nine. Come on man. He still getting the job done. Took over the franchise man. Shout out to James Harden for show. Yep. I'm gonna go with my dog. Darius Garland 39 and nine. Yes sir. Indy Indiana Kid gonna hold it down for the family. Did you see him talking on On Lou will show? Yeah he would say he was geeked to go at you with Lil Will. I appreciate it. You definitely, you ain't show no mercy. It's all good. Yeah he was talking big shit but I fuck with it though. Nah, facts get these Old niggas off the league man.


He definitely sent me home. Respect. Respect. Show man. Hope he get that Allstar. Nah man know it's looking real wicked out there in East for show. Last but not least man, I'm gonna show some love to Ad man. He been hooping this weekend for show. Yeah he had 36 and 13 on Saturday. Get well soon be here. Who need to start that week off with some encouragement. Whoever Brony ducked on in the G league. I Love how the Clipping Defender. Yeah show show to mini Go. Hey Okay Lacrosse. Hey Come on bro. I ain't gonna lie. It was tough though. Wow. Telling me that's not no pro playing in that practice gym 623 fans Strive for Grays bro.


That was in that gym? Yeah that was playing in Pike East Gym Gentleman had it packed y out. That mug is na that that was nasty though. Nah, that's elite man. Yeah I fuck I'll fuck with that. Anything he do bro. It's celebrated by me. You gotta get a jersey bro. I know you said you p now you gotta get a, you gotta get a Brony jersey. You got like Just to live like that every day bro. In fight like I don't think nobody ever faced them type of like issues bro. Never Like his daddy didn't even grow up in social media era heavy like that. So shout out to Bronny For sure man. Get well some of Luke Cornett from me Man. Quinn Grimes caught him lacking Bro. He punched that shit. I, I ain't even know that was in in his repertoire like that. He, he dunked the shit out there. We don't high like yeah he, I get a tech though.


You disrespectful. Nah they gotta let this, if I dunk on you, I get to talk to you like that bro. Nah, give him a tech That's hype. Nah bro you should have blocked it if not get out the way. Yeah and Quinn Grounds will get to me him so he gotta crash out for that. I fuck with that. I just, if I ain't really gonna block that shit, I ain't even gonna put myself in that predicament bro. That's his job bro. Healthcare But he gets paid millions of dollars to attempt to drop like That. No, I'm my mom but he didn't assume bro That was bad. No, that was a bad timing bro. Caught Him slipping bro. He was trying to Bro He got, He can't block no dunkers like Bro, he damn won't play the rest of the year if he don't try I so they gonna go to film the next day and be like what the fuck was you doing man in charge.


Look where his man was at though. His man a three point line. You better go with tips over. You slid too late bro. Keep your head on a swivel man. Hey it got wicked for sure. Nah. Damn. What on last but least Tee. Who you got Zach? Edie. Ah yeah the new enforcer for the Grizzlies got Yam? No. Oh My Lord. E mc C. Young rookie who been hooping all year. He don't get a lot of noise because he paid for the Pelicans but He hooping. He punched on himself. He punched. Hey that's crazy. Okay. See why He turn around and put his hands up like that. No nigga was just you right there. No that's crazy. Oh my God. Dunk his ass.


Show man give well soon. Zach 80 B here people trying win some money. Start their week off. What you got for him? Alright, today we got LaMelo 25, LeBron 20, Evan Mobley 15, Tyler Hero 25, Ja Morant 20, Jason Tatum 25 and Giannis is gonna kill the jazz with 32 50. We you 10,000 today. Two 50 we you 10 bands. I like the S right there. I ain't mad at that. Only one. I'm a little scared about Evan Moley because every time I put US currency on him he turns into a totally different player. But I like that. I think Evan Moley added 17 this year So you can get 15. 15 ain't Bad. 15 ain't too bad. I like the odds for that though. Yeah, show man tap in.


Shout your pick out with some bread. Make sure you use that promo code on Draft Kings Club five 20 get you a little bonus bet.


Listen, we appreciate y'all, thank you for y'all for enduring the technical difficulties we having on Monday morning here. We hope to have a great week. Hope y'all do too. Spam. Yeah, spam Mike. Shit. Spam. Yeah. Freaky Mike. Nah for sure. Nah, we love y'all episode dropping at 12 today. We will be a good one. Tap in 12:00 PM Eastern Club. Five 20. We'll see y'all tomorrow. The Volume.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us joining with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast and you will be glad you did.


What's up everybody? Adnan Ard to tell about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Amers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and N NA's Favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.