
Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old s sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Get ready for mission. I possible the final reckoning. Tom Cruise strikes once again performing his own jaw. Drop his stunts from scaling some of the most complex endangered sequences. Cruise's, dedication to thrilling action is unmatched with breathtaking locations like the Arctic, South Africa and the uk. This finale promises unforgettable moments, themes of loyalty, friendship, and sacrifice. Bring Ethan Hu's journey full circle. The cast is stellar, featuring Haley Atwell, Simon Peg, Ben Range, Angela Bassett and more experience. Epic. Edge of your seat cinema. See Mission Impossible, the final reckoning in theaters May 23rd.


Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause? And the use of oral contraceptives? Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh. Optiv mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. Refresh Optiv Mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop aisle at all major retailers.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, That's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At Least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip he shimmies the door open. Steps over the dog. Oh, and he stumbles Oh Right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed ocos With 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos Stronger makes everything better,


The Volume. Good morning, happy Friday's. Five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host name is DJ Wells full house. This morning we got Bishop Young Nacho five 20 Moog Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening bro? Good family. What's up? Come on man. We don't need work on Fridays but we had to pull up man. Elimination day man. Great basketball yesterday. Man. Let's get straight to it. The Knicks got the dub yesterday in Detroit. One 16 to one 13. Man wrote a fucking clip man. Talk about Clutch player of the year. Jalen Brunson lived up to his name last night. Bru.


Wow. Talk about some stones creating some separation right there. And Brunson going for the dagger. Right. Was able to get loose. Crossover. That was a lot of space he created. Alright, I got a theory about that. Okay, so shout out to Jaylen Brunson like he is nice as fuck but he, You know he dribbled so hard going left at that snatch back. Damn near gun. Fuck you up every time if I'm the Pistons. I know he not passing the ball. Mm.


Somebody should have been right there. Senator Double. Oh right here. Was that Tobias? What's that McBride over there? That's Tobias ain't So if you watch out, That's Tobias talking About. No, he talking about Left court. So He, I'm, I'm showing up like I'm coming up a little bit like I'm showing a wall a little bit to know like I got help and then Tobias Harris, I get it. You don't want to be the guy that let your man score but shit like being that gap a little bit. Yeah, he guarded miles too Hard. Yeah, I mean miles. Jesus, he guarded. It's a free shot. Way too Hard. Yeah, But that separation y'all, did y'all see that type of separation? That's Crazy.


That's Elite bro. The snatch back is a snatch back. But that bow, that nigga sat down. He was, And The twin had locked him up like the play before That. Yeah. Yeah. Man, That's crazy. Wow. But this, this the biggest thing that I hate about shock shields. How they guarded him and then I'm gonna get off of him. We can get back to the show the whole game. Y'all know Jalen Brunson is a hard left driver. Right. And then he go right to get to his shot. Sit on that, sit on his left hand before the play even start like don't, like don't let him go that way. Mm Aint you six eight, he's still gonna be shooting into your hand if he make that shot, he make that shot. But you let him get that ball in his left hand drive hard and then create separation.


Man, I wouldn't even let the play start. He going, he gotta start going right first. Most definitely more about this play. Let's go to the next Possession Man. Pistons had the chance to tie the game and man roll the tape. Same thing as K Travel. Really Malik? No, you gotta catch that bro. Rolling Malik Trent, You gotta catch any hit like seven threes last night. You gotta catch That bro. Nah, I want to ask y'all this question. First of all, I had an issue with K Inbound the ball because 4.3 seconds I need him to get the ball. Have space. Do y'all fought k?


Nah, that's, that's how you supposed to do that though. Nah. Yeah the inbound always the, that was a good Play. Yeah, this person was the play. Okay, now right here does Kade, is he right for making that pass to Malik Beasley? Yeah, He wide open. Wide Open. There we go. I seen a lot of people criticize him. They say You know end of the game franchise, you gotta had that. And I'm like, Malik Beasley was button naked. He wide, wide open. Malik got Malik gotta get out there sooner though. Okay. But right here Blitz, he gotta, nah he gotta be running. He back pedal. He could got even further away from him. Yeah, he backpedaling. You see what I'm saying? Okay. Right here. Well he could have been at the Wing already Man. Yeah if he was spreading out there. Yeah that way he would've been able to just catch and fire Man. What practice shot Too wide open. Especially while he was playing last night.


He showed up yesterday. I know he didn't have the best series but he showed up yesterday in that game For sure. I ain't going I you got fault you but I, I damn bro that's, that was, That was a tougher catch than Gary Tran for sure. Motherfucker threw that like a football bro. Nah, that definitely tougher catch. That was a hard pass. Ridiculous. And He back pedaling though. Yeah. Like y'all asked Malik kind of to do a lot right there. Okay. He backpedaling try to get his feet right to get the shot on. Threw it Over here. Hit me in the chest. Yeah, I mean shit Still in that moment you got, you gotta catch it to catch, You know what I'm saying? He was, it was gonna be super contested though. Hell yeah. 'cause he already, You know recovered should get shot though Shit. He probably could have punk affected him. That nigga probably would.


That bitch like that though. Like you said if he the flash hard, Josh Har was right there only Shot bro. If he would've sprinted though, he would've been wild on Josh. Hard of Failure right there too. Did it once. I wonder why he backed though. That's failure right There for sure. Man. Yesterday was a hell of a game man. Hell of a playoff game. Like we said, the Knicks got the W yesterday once 16 and one 13. Jalen Brunson went crazy. 47 and four outside of his like low percentage shooting in the fourth quarter. He had a very, very efficient game except the double teammate. Great Passes handle business. ML Bridges hoop out yesterday 25, 4 and four. OG had 22 and five. Kat had 10 and 15 yesterday. And man if they would've won this game we would've talked a lot more about Kat.


'cause Kat did not give the best performance yesterday at all. At all. Very, very passive yesterday. But it still worked out for them man. Very, very tough man. K Cunningham hooked out 23 8 and seven even though he had a ruffle quarter as well. And Jalen Durham ball out yesterday 21 6 and three. Man hell of a game yesterday. See they should've never took the Thompson twin out when they had got on that run. I went and it was guarding and they no shade. The Dennis, he came in but Jalen just had a lot of confidence against Jalen, I mean against Dennis. Like he could too. Boom. Boom. Yeah he was too small and when he came in and made them two shots on Dennis where he like he was about to fall and hit the trick layup. Yep. It's like damn you should have kept the Thompson twin then They was on a nice little run.


Yeah and you look at his minutes yesterday, SAR Thompson played 22 minutes. I understand he's young. I understand you would've have him good to go for the end of the game but as soon as he checked out in that fourth quarter they went on the A one run. Yeah but the play before that, I mean he get back in, he locked up. He could test the shock cause a like man I know JB want that back man you should have let him play that minute. Yeah For sure. Man. What a game yesterday like both of the games were dope but just to see how this game played out. I mean you thought the Knicks was gonna have it early 'cause they took a commanding league. The Pistons fought all the way back in this game. Man. Shout out to the young Pistons. I know it didn't end the way they wanted to but they definitely showed some promise yesterday. Man. Brunson clutch player of the year. Yeah for sure. Been doing it all year long bro.


He started to like put himself in that category, not face of the NBA 'cause he just, his personality and his, his charisma just not that. Yeah. You know what I mean? Kind of very stoic and kind of boring of a personality but super dope player. But he's definitely an all NBA player this year. A thousand percent. Yeah. If he's not first team on NBA, I don't know what the hell you gotta do. Mm. Would you take him over Diamond first team? Yeah, he's carrying the F. He's literally carrying them. Okay. I ain't mad that how you look at what Kat did We think You know Kat should be our NBA as well. But he is the guy of the Knicks. Yeah he is the guy 1000%. Hell Yeah. Yeah. Kat's the second option. Yeah, he's the guy.


Come on man. 26 and seven. That's that's a hell of a numbers for me. Yeah. Yeah he's the guy Man. I'm still in awe like how, because we always talk about Jay Le Bros how cold he is and no the Fal baiting stuff is annoying and terrible to watch. But last night he wasn't on that last night was he was getting buckets and then when he was getting double he was making a great plays. Josh Hart had so many backdoor layups or passes that listen when he played like that man Jaylen Bresson is very, very dangerous and the Knicks are a very dangerous team even though Kat only had 10 Yesterday. You know what's crazy when you watch him, and I hate to say this, but he's like a short Luca. Hmm. Like he play like Luca like if you watch him he bump, bump fade. He like damn he's six foot shooting Fadeaways. Or You can get them Fadeaways off.


Yeah. Don't have Fade Snatch back three Step back three. You could tell they worked together in Yeah in Dallas. Dallas. Yeah. That's crazy. They was on the same team. Yeah. And Portus. Damn that is crazy man. Shout out to Jalen Brunson me. That's a hell of a shot. That's a moment that's gonna live on for a very long time period. Man story moment for the Knicks for sure. Who the Knicks got? Knicks The bean. That's over. Yeah. But if they want have any type of motion against them, KA gotta play bro. Yeah. One league fade aways and shit Bro. I'm not worried about the next Y'all. I'm not even bro, but I'm just saying Kat gotta be better. Yeah. To Make a competitive. Kat got average 25 and 10.


They not even, You know they're not gonna win but damn get competitive At least four one Probably four one because one y'all bro, they really struggled with the Pistons bro. They could have lost a lot of them games. Yeah they can't do that against, against Tic four one. Wow. Y'all can't do that shit against Against Celtics first. The Celtics gonna play way better. Defense. True. They have way better players as Well. Yeah and they like, they going to lock up, they going to switch every screen all they players at 6, 5, 6. Yeah that's gonna be Drew Holiday on Bronson, Derrick White, white Jalen bro. Jalen Brown, you got to like some guards and then they gonna be helping. They gonna be in the helpline and they bigs gonna come up and show hard. I war for the switch off bro.


Yeah, I don't know because it might might get sweat bro. Definitely Four. Ah man I'm gonna get a Knicks two y'all. I love That. And then JT might get game three, JT going to the garden. You know he can't wait. Boy gonna have his who he sponsored by Coach. Yeah he gonna have a coach spit on walk through The all the Cs on it Without with the shoes. If Jason Tatum has on some coach shoes we gonna have a conversation I think. I think one boy sponsor about coach though. Nah respect but the coach shoes has With all the Cs on it. He need the whole outfit bro.


I disrespect, I hope it's Coach shit. I feel like, I feel like it's Coach we Just gonna give if he ain't got it. Coach tap in Coach, coach from men Get the deal done man. I thought he, He ain't wearing the fits. I thought he had some fit. I Motherfucker Steve Harvey jacket I see you what? Get that money. What that big ass Collar He go get that paper for sure there he go Now he ain't got the season on that jacket. He ain't wearing an all C print. One boy gonna have his coach fit on with his spray. Yeah, okay. Music Soul Child go back up. Caught that boy half crazy in the Fit for show me Charlie JT Hell of a year for the Pistons.


Man. Last year they were pretty much almost a laughing stock of the league but this year they turned it around. What does Kade need next year? Probably another Allstar next to him. Okay. Mean y'all spoke on that though a couple days ago. Fuck he I fuck with Campaign. Is that a sewer Thompson? Yeah. Yeah he hard. He nah you gotta keep him. He's A dog. Just Get a little bit Of a offensive game drum shot. It's over bro. That's for both of 'em. I Was about to say him and his brother, Nah he, he's, they had to keep him. I don't know what to do with everybody else on the team but he has to stay And unfortunately, I mean yeah he got caught slipping last night. Tough move by Brunson for game of course. But he played tremendous defense last night.


Ah, amazing defense last night. Yeah He scored on by one of the best scorers in the NBA bro. Yeah. Yeah Bro. It's a long averages unfortunately. But you play tremendous defense. Yeah k just need another guy. You know, not saying he take the night off but he need another guy that he can rely on. Yeah. I don't think he got another guy that can get him 25. I ain't gonna lie. I think they need like a, I love, I like what Malik Beasley and Tim Hardaway did this year but I think they need like Brad bill. Mm. Yeah I Definitely regret It. A consistent bucket every Night. Yeah. I facts buckets sometimes they don't. Yeah. If you getting Brad Bill that we was accustomed to back like two years ago, he get you 20 a night if he gets, if he's still That player in Detroit facts Bro. If he's still that capable player that yeah that's a good Fit actually I kind of like it.


I I agree. Especially if you get him fight Off if he knows K 18 he like all right it's him but I'm gonna get y'all 20. Yeah if he still got that 20 a game in he, they need Brad be Because that's the only thing he missing bro. But if they ain't, if that ain't Brad No more that that Brad can't go to Detroit. Not this Brad and he not, he was having 17 three and three. Yeah my nigga TikTok mode but he Didn't care bro. Yeah they had, they it was bad last year. I, I don't believe that that's Brad Bill. He was just had a bad year last year for sure. But I believe on that team especially being second field in that that situation Bradfield can get 20 for short. That's a good call bro though. But he need another somebody he can rely on though. Yeah. Another 20 point score. It's a lot of pressure on Cade and he, like I said to me, he overachieved this year because they was ultimately trash Last year.


Yeah they don't really have another 20 point score. Nah, No. Like Niggas is streaky on that team. Yeah they Don't have nobody that get 20 every night. Yeah. Very, very strict. I loved Dennis Shoulder as the backup point guard of that team playing a lot of minutes as well. Nah, keep Dennis too. No, no For sure. But the Tim Hardaway Min, I mean shout out to Tim Hardaway, he had a solid season but I think they probably may need to upgrade in that position just for consistency purposes. I like what I saw it during yesterday. Yeah he had solid but I like what I saw to him yesterday But I like Timmy, I like Timmy and Malik like staying with that group. They just need a real bonafide score that's all. Well they got some decisions to make 'cause You know what I'm saying? You got Jay Ivy coming back next year off of injury for sure. Malik Beasley obviously he had a hell of a year. He Denver hit the most recent NBA this year.


So of course you should. And I he play Paul man think it'll up. I think it be up to Brad 'cause Phoenix down near about to release him. Oh yeah. I think they, I think they're in a buyout situation. They stretch situation Pick. You might tap, he probably ain't gonna pick Detroit but you should bro. Nah he, I mean nobody want to go there and live and shit but that'd Be a good fit man. That's a good young team. Yeah that'd be A good fit for him bro. Most definitely. It's kind of like Indiana bro. He won't be in where it high. True. Ain't nobody just picking you got Your trader here. Yeah. Ain't nobody just picking Indiana. Yeah I think I was the only nigga that was like picking Indiana on me brought It back to the crib. I definitely think Kade learned last night as well. Fourth quarter didn't go his way. Particular some of the shots he had like that left hand going left off the side of the backboard and the clutch.


That's tough. He did a better shot for you as well. But I do like the fact that he was accepting the double team but making good plays yesterday for sure. Yeah man, hell of a season for the Pistons, the Knicks move on for sure. Now obviously we know that we've taken the Celtics in this situation but which I think he can go, y'all think it's five or six? I got five Mm I I'll give them two. I'm gonna go on a limb man. I think that's a good, good series. That's my second favorite series. I give him five Round. I'm gonna give him five as well. I hope we go Celtics just too much. Yeah, Yeah bro. Not one person. I ain't mad at y'all for that though. Not One like Jalen Bruns and I beating the Celtics. Yeah that's not gonna happen. Drew Holiday is probably gonna clamp that but Kat has to average 25.


Right. Just to be competitive. That diet that they just did against Detroit, that's not gonna work. That's not working on the Celtics bro. Mm. That'll get you swept bro. Bro. That's not gonna work. So Y'all don't believe in OG or Mark Kill? Dude I do. I just believe in Jalen Brown and Jason Tatu, Moore Facts and Derrick White, Andrew Holiday and EZ And Pri And Pri and the list just keeps going. Oh y'all nigga's crazy. They Got a Whip Bro. You know Nick's gonna play six people bro. Tell 16 D Peyton Prichard might have a game when he get 30. Yeah I just, Luke Cornett might come in to get 15 off the street Like Derrick White blocking some of them jumpers bro. Facts Man. Well and they oh and five against some boys or something like that.


They ain't beat them. Whatever it is, they ain't beat 'em. Yeah, the Knicks don't have the best records against the top teams in Ka. I hope y'all got a strategy man. At least they competitive. We don't wanna see y'all. Oh but they about to expose Kat Like And I, I look, I know Kat won, I told Jay one of the coolest people I ever play with. But They gonna do to Him pick and roll him to death. Yeah he because they got, they got, you gotta switch. They got all three point shooting Bigs Kat gonna have to switch on to Jason Taylor, Jaylen Brown, Derrick White get spooky because before Zig it's going to run up there. Set that screen pop. Yeah, on switch three, Al Horford three.


So now Tatum's gonna have to switch. Okay. Good luck against Tatum. Good luck against Brown. That's a, that's a tough matchup. Yeah and it's no disrespect to Nick's brother. The cel are just like that. They built to ask to everybody. I love The sell man. I just don't want to see them get sweat bro. The Knicks is a fire team though. Well Don't watch it. I be, they had sweat Mostly go to dinner, go catch a movie Bowl one. Yeah. Yeah man. Like you said they play the same strategy. If they play against the Pistons it would definitely be belt to ass for sure man. But shout to the Knicks for holding it down man. Jayla Brunson would a hell of a moment for sure. The second game of last night was just as great Yesterday the Clippers took care of the Nuggets yesterday one 11 to 1 0 5 for of game seven baby we got a game seven finally you spoke on it James.


James Harden. We needed that moment from him. He showed up yesterday 28, 8 and six. KW had 27. We thought it was Over Five. Man NP ball out was 24. Yo showed up yesterday as usual. 25, 8 and seven. Jamal Murray had 21 8 and eight Aren Gordon had 19. Shout out to Jimmy Harden baby Business first time man he looked special man. Man that second quarter he was looking like he Prime James Harden. Yes Sir. When I see him get that switch and attack Michael Porter Jr. I was like oh he playing for real. Yeah, yeah he locked in. He went by Michael Porter Jr. At the Lay. I was like yep they about to win this game. Yeah and He played 46 minutes last night and you're 17. Hey That's a tough team to beat when he, when he play.


I don't know. It's tough. But he gotta show up but They need that. He gotta show clearly He has to do that for them to be successful in the playoffs. But the question is, 'cause he, can he take that on the road? Mm. Yeah because we all thought it was over bro. I picked it and y'all know how I feel about the clips but we all thought it was over yesterday. I definitely thought it was over. Right. You know what I wanna shout to Talu because I think Talu made an adjustment that could save him the series. Shout out to Chris Dunn being a great defender but this is not the series for him. Can't make a shot bro. Yeah he is a lockup but he cannot make shots bro. Yeah and I looked at that last game and You know Chris Dunn being on the court is a great defender of course. But Jamal Mea had 43. Yeah. So if you're not giving me nothing on offense and they helping off, we know that James Harden needs space to create.


Right. Yeah. So if it's clogged up like that, it's tough. Even Nick Platoon, he only had six points yesterday but them six points was real bro. Bro you Gotta watch him though. He a threat bro. Chris Dun, Chris Dun only played 10 minutes y'all, y'all on his As because he didn't play The second half because TA said bro we can't have you in the game right now. He Been playing so that was an adjustment. Yeah bro. That was A hell adjust. So JJ Red can't do, you gotta make adjustments bro. He started playing Bogey and Nico. Yeah You know what's funny? Somebody tweeted last night said that Nick Platoon is the Western conference version Al Horford. And I said that's facts. They both old as hell still contributing to scenes bro with promising That's what up. They said he shot 26 shots. They all been threes nothing but Threes ain't nothing else for him to do though. Yeah He know his job Spot Up.


Nick Platoon been like that though. Hell of a road player. He's bucket too. Well Poor I fuck with Nick bat for sure bro. I used to sneak in Trip Dubs too on the Low. Nah, Nick Matoo was down at the point guard in Portland. He was tough. He was on his, he Was talking little shit for sure. Boris Dal Don't put this, fuck Nick Matoo like that bro. He at least somebody Bo d was. I'm just saying when they did everything on the court type shit. Nah, Boris Dal was 90. He, He did everything on the court Bro. Guy Was Cold. He was one of the most important Phoenix songs on that team bro. And he Only, he ain't never dribbled his left hand. He was Cold bro. No that's hard. He only had the right how Tall was that? Like 16 6 8? Yeah. Yeah. Dang man I remember when he got fat he still was nice.


So You know you cold and if you fat and can hoop in the NBA and be productive bro you that nigga bro. Especially if you play hot minutes, you cold. That's why I give high praise to Yos bro. Ain't tell me shit bro. If I was built like nigga 93 Shaq, it would be over for you niggas. For real. I have wheel numbers in this league. I know this is soon as y'all talking, y'all see JJ Redick say yeah we need to get in championship shape in the off season. That was a shot. Let Try that Luca. When I lose I throw shots. This is just how this gonna work. Everybody throwing shots at me of four shots. They gonna turn that bitch into Hollywood Is man, that's part of being in LA bro. Shit Now normally, You know with LeBrons it's always hey gotta get some, borrow some more help everybody.


He said that Paulka said I gotta get him a championship roster bro. I said damn he's still fighting for bro Rod. He's a hundred years old bro. He needs to be gone that that's why I can't win. Hey people were so mad yesterday. That's was saying They was pissed. It's true. He's what? I said bro y'all gotta get to Twitter for a couple days bro. Pay was on my ass. I love Bro Trey bro, what the fuck This fat ass shit I love bro Man And shout out to Mama Zy man. She, she loaded a clip yesterday from the pod. She was like see don't say shit to me 'cause they know Ball. Everybody was like fuck five 20 we hate them. He was all Warriors fans.


Tar Easton started. Y'all team chill out. Twitter was up yesterday. He Definitely was Star. Y'all team he bro he's a bucket. Y'all some haters watch basketball for. Shout to my dude man Ma keep us off that shit. What You dude Told y'all, we trying to Tell y'all locked Twitter be jumping man. For sure. Alright man. Game seven. What are we expecting man? I'm I'm gonna go with Denver. Okay. Denver. It's joker time bro. Yeah. Okay. Joker time. It's Joker Time. I'm going in Peasy bro. Hey in Peasy. Who today? 24 piece. Listen, He don't ever take it on a roll with him. Mm he played great at home. He don't play well on the road. He ain't had a good road game yet. Time for something new.


I gonna say you gotta do some things you wanna win man. For sure. Look, go the last game. Yeah, pause that for sure. That done strange. I ain't say all that now. No did he? But yeah look at his last couple games on the road at Denver. Yeah I mean bro we we all right bro. We what have We. Okay They won one game after the road he played, He had 13 in the win. Yeah, We're okay bro. We're overachieving this year guys we're having hell. I mean he having a good series but I mean to be fair outside of KC, the west is open right now. A lot of things I probable happened so far we didn't expect all these hot seats to lose and P get 30 on these niggas next game man. Okay We rolling? I'm rolling man.


But we got game seven Kakowa loading. That's what I'm looking forward to. I boy we got James, James got game seven. James, James. Oh damn That motherfucker loading too now. And That's my dog. I'll fuck with Jay. Yeah it might, it might be. He'll say I game six bro. Yeah God get it done bro. Yeah Bro. Kenny. Kenny have We can't say that though. James Harden is known to do that bro. He is. No I'm saying y'all right. But I'm saying though he can't say I catch at game six bro. No, you have to do 28, 7 and eight again. Yeah, I'm saying can do it. Can he do it again? He he should but can he have Back to back games like that James Harden? Yeah, I think So. James. James In the playoffs. I don't know James Harden. Fuck around. Did a triple double next game though.


I hope so. Or They win the game. Hey, if James Harden show up like he did last night then oh they gonna win. The Ducks are going home for sure. Yeah. Can we come back to the stat? Big zoo didn't really show up yesterday. He ain't have a bad game obviously five or six in the field but yeah I'm gonna be a little bit more from Zoo. Yeah He just wasn't aggressive. Yeah, 10 piece, I mean a little bit more of that. But I mean if you got three It's a lot Though. Over 24 bro. That's, That's I say I ain't get no touches bro. I made all my shots bro. Literally made all my shit bro. K Quad 11 for 22. These Niggas was killing bro. Yeah but we got rebound, we can't rebound like Triple J bro. Yeah six handed off in yesterday's Game. Six not for next game. I mean KW had Terry rebounds too. That's At six kw get six rebounds. I need 18 from Zoo. Okay. Especially if you ain't scoring.


Yeah Bro. Crash the glass bro. Nah for real. Michelle can we go to the Nuggets STAs please, if you don't mind Yesterday man, looking at so of these numbers and shooting, I mean they didn't do too bad yesterday but Man N pz, IN pz Michael Porter Jr. I think he's hurt. Oh obviously Yeah, He, yeah I think he's, I think that's really, really bothered him. I mean not to be too obvious but are they gonna need him to seven to win that game? Seven or can Yoku should do it by himself. Yoku should do it by himself. But if he make threes Please hit some threes. Help me out bro. All I gotta do it by myself And you on this team? Yeah. Hit a shot Christian bro. Five for seven. Good shooting. Jamal Murray nine for 19. Not too bad. Russ went five. Hey Deandre Jordan, I'll be forgetting about him.


Yeah, he was In the game. Still getting a check. Boy. Go to the Lakers boy. Shit They gonna cut you out again bro. They said they tired of be here deal with they roster. Hey man, go to the Lakers bro. For Real though. For Real. Like you ain't getting no check over there bro. Hey shout to the Nuggets coach. Y'all forgot his name boy. But he making sure everybody earn their money boy. Jamal Murray paid 44 minutes, Joe paid 40 Aren go paid 40. It's the playoffs baby. It's Time to win. Yeah, not hoop, it's time to win. Nah, Go hoop Man to see that and then to see Thompson Twin play 22 minutes yesterday is tough man. And he only 18. That man play Very, very tough. Alright, game seven. Who y'all going with? Final, final thoughts? Oh yeah, I'm, I'm rolling Man. Yeah I know I want the Clippers to win but I'm going with Yoki.


Okay, you going with Nuggets? You going Clippers? Clip Clips bro. Mo who you got? I Got Nuggets. Nuggets. I'm gonna go with Clippers as well man. Alright man. A little bit of foreshadowing the situation. Say the Nuggets win right? Yeah. Thunder Nuggets. Who y'all got? Well actually You know what, I'll wait 'cause we got a lot to talk about next week for the Thunder. Who would you rather see? I'll rephrase Clippers Nuggets? Mm, okay. Clippers would be fun. Yeah, I'm with moca. I'd rather see the Nuggets though If you do Thunder. Okay. You like the game playing better against them? Yeah, I don't wanna, I don't want Kawhi. I feel like all that isolation shit.


Thunder can guard that shit. They can but Yeah Joker might. That's tough Though. Problem for the bro's. Tough. Yeah he might, he might destroy us at hard time will Be a real problem for that. That's what I'm saying man. Look how tough the west is man. We over here quiet. Don't know niggas get out east. Oh yeah we got you. Poor One. Poor one. I mean it's really the cel bro. They just that good matter where they was at, they Bro, I just feel like the thunder play enough defense where that iso shit ain't gonna be a problem for them bro. Mm, I like that type for sure. Alright man, we CC for sure man. Can't wait Game seven from the play games all the way to the finals.


Now is the time to back your favorite players in teams as they chase score rate to place your first bet. Download Draft King Sports book app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. Easily make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resorting Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Get ready for mission. I possible the final reckoning. Tom Cruise continues to astonish artist his worldwide performing his own jaw dropping stunts that pushed the limits of action. Cinema from unbelievable edge of seat scenes cruise's, unparalleled commitment to deliver and thrilling high octane entertainment is unmatched. And this epic finale promises to be bigger, bolder, and even more attest than before. For almost 30 years, the mission of possible franchise has redefined action movies, keeping audiences on the edge of their seats. And this latest chapter is shaping me up to be the most ambitious yet with colossal stakes, explosive action, and breathtaking locations, including the Arctic, South Africa and the uk. The film promises an unforgettable journey. The story delves deep into themes of friendship, loyalty, and sacrifice. Offering a powerful culmination to Ethan Hunt's heroic saga across seven Iconic films. The cast is extraordinary. Reuniting stars like Haley Atwell, Simon Pig, VIN Rains, Angela Bassett and more alongside Cruz, this blockbuster cinema. At its peak a movie made for the big screen See submission I possible the final reckoning in theaters May 23rd.


Did You know age is one of the most common causes of dry eyes? Because we can produce fewer tears as we get older. Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh optive mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. These artificial tears deliver enhanced hydration that nourishes the eyes surface to help protect your natural tears from evaporating, especially crafted with inactive ingredients like natural plant-based oil and antioxidants and enhanced with moisture locking technology. This triple action formula works to soothe symptoms and prevent further irritation. Refresh Optive mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find your refresh online or in the eyedrop aisle at your favorite drugstore, grocery, Walmart, or Target.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free with Dutch. You'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Alright, tonight's game. Deciding the other matchup for the timber wolves. We got rockets at Warriors. How y'all feeling? I fuck with Jimmy bro. Yeah, I'm gonna take the Warriors. The Warriors. Okay. Y'all going with the Warriors for sure? Yeah, I'm rocking with Jimmy. Okay. What do the Warriors have to do with win this game? Shit, give Jimmy the ball on My mama and And Steph gonna be Steph? Yeah, Dre might going, he got Lock and goon up. Make it tough on him. But I think, I just think they gonna get 'em mentally bro out of the game. Yeah. Championship pedigree. You leaning on that for the, for The dub? I mean, not even that, it just, they just going, I don't know. They just, we them nigga we big bros bro. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I think they going to do that. Yeah, I ain't ready yet.


Yeah, Jaylen Green. You ain't ready yet bro. Draymond shit, talk is gonna be unbelievable today. Unbelievable. I got next year. Yeah, not this year. Mm. Okay. Now what do the rockers have to do to win tonight? Stay alive. Shit. Jaylen and I Don't give a fuck. Yeah. Jalen Green not Crazy has Torch. He has to. He's 30, he Has Torch. You Can't be scared to lose. Yeah, 30 tonight Bro. Y'all wasn't supposed to be here anyway bro. Nah, you Gotta play free. They gotta play free as hell. They don't gotta hold nothing back. You got your shot? Take your shot. They gotta play real free. I think Van Lygon had him on that though. Mm. I like he ain't, he ain't scared of Warriors. He been there with Them before. Nah, he ain't scared of them. He beat. I feel Like he gonna be like, fuck y'all, we ain't got shit to lose Bro.


Like you said, championship forever and Fleet for sure. I, I know we talked about this before but it is been a lot of, You know, speculation going around for Trey. Rumors one, I saw one yesterday was very interesting as far as like getting Giannis to San Antonio. I wanted to see how y'all felt about that. Is that OD? Yeah, I, I don't want say I'm nothing bro. If he don't know how to share the ball, it's, it's quiet. They gonna be sad as fuck. They gonna get in wimpy way bro. Fox. I never wanna see Gianni and Weby on the same time. Nah, it is quiet. Dre Fox gonna be pissed, pissed. Giannis gonna be playing point guard. Yeah. Hell no. No Real bro because that nigga don't know how to share the ball. I mean y'all talk about all the time. That's a bad fit for them. Yeah. Mm. Bad fit. Okay, I'm rolling now.


They talked KD moving on obviously they said one of the teams that could be a possible suitor is a Celtics obviously you talked about Before. Yeah. Hell nah. When you talked about it Jeff, about that team breaking up because You know the money situation, they looking to move on and move some money around. Hate Possibly Drew, possibly kp. I hate the NB. Hey Why is that even the option? I'm nothing bro about Are they gonna move Drew and KP for kd? Possibly bro. Ooh That's crazy. I, I'm rolling, I'm rolling. Hell nah. KD got two seasons left bro. Rolling Drew and K, We trying to win four championships bro. Drew K got K got more. He got a couple more Drew. Yeah, drew, drew Was ready retire when I was there. He Nah don't put that on Drew.


How old Drew? 35 Drew get the new league like Zo Drew Something about Drew in shape. He Drew? Yes, drew is a great player. Drew is a family nigga. He very Understand. He was like yeah I'm dev our donut this contract TI was like nigga they about to give you some more Money and until they, until they make another offer. Yeah he was like all I'll play four years they gonna gimme this money. I Don't care. I gotta take this bread. Yeah they gonna offer him again Bro. Wcl lock in, lock In. No now maybe it's not for Katie obviously, but they from a financial standpoint, they have to make moves. They're gonna pay crazy luxury with a new owner. So I think after, even if they repeat this shit, which we think they will then they might remix the roster a little bit. Xavier Tillman, who is that? Devin Pearson.


Nema Nema Marcus keep going up Ne Marcus Miles nor Miles Norris. Goodbye Everybody. All Y'all Sam Houser go to Utah. Sam Houser getting paid too. That's cool on Me Toy Craig. See ya go back to Chicago. Where he played? Where the nigga play at in Chicago? Chicago Denver been all over. He too for a minute too. Tory Craig, y'all better not get rid of J Holiday for no KD ain't enough pill bro. They, They the same age bro. It's not enough pill for Jalen, Jalen Brown, Jason Tatum and KD bro. They gonna be getting into it. Brom nothing. You know Jalen Brown teak, he ain't going.


He shitty. They All, they all And KD being a, he not gonna be no thirst no third option bro. I'm nothing Jay, no Jalen Brown bro. Jalen Brown is definitely not I'm gonna find his MVP. Yeah KD just go to the Spurs some shit. Think about how Many shots they all get though. Like Derrick White get hella shots. All them get shots bro. Yeah because they got people like One thing about kd, if he around basketball that play the right way, he gonna hoop. He did it with the Warriors Did with the net too. Yeah. Till he about smack the shit outta Draymond when he passing The ball. That's what I'm saying. They wasn't hooping the right way. Ain't no reason you won't get KD to Ball Draymond do that though. He Pushes The rock I'm with tell you with that Draymond's out of pocket.


But he does that play basketball the right way. He does that Hey in that possession the game and he Dribble handoff bro. Draymond? No he was Gonna give him a dribble head off Bro. I'm gonna hand you off the next time he looked me off like That. I was not about to shoot the ball bro. He gonna turn it Over. He did. I just don't see that working. He Turned it over because he was shitty cussed him out. Now I'm about to crash out from A real on some real from a real basketball head bro. You a real basketball head. You think that a real work? Yeah. Nah it will work. KD knows how to play basketball. Yeah they they all, they all really unselfish Players. I just don't wanna see it and I just don't want to dumb down Jason Tatum and Jalen Brown in that prime of their career. Like I don't wanna see Jason Tatum shooting 15 shots.


I want him still shoot 25 shots. Mm. I I want him to go break all these records. I don't want he do Too. I don't wanna see KD go to another number one team and shit. I don't wanna see that again bro. Okay, so would y'all rather see KD in San Antonio or Houston? Yeah go to San Antonio bro. I like even San Antonio. San Antonio would be tough. Please go to San Antonio. No That's fire. Okay he lead, He's a way better fit yard. I don't even fucking, I just don't. Stefan Castle when that and whatever roster looking, he's the first one to go. Nah we don't talk about this but Phoenix, you gonna give what you getting don't throw a fit. We give you these three five Rounds. But OKC lose to the different Nuggets or the Clippers. They gotta go get KD And they could get him with no problem. They got the pieces and I all first that'd be Fired all first rounds.


Mm Damn How I feel about Houston, You know what I'm saying? If Houston takes a L do they try to make that move? They got young talent in picks as well. Yeah, I Wouldn't, I like him better with you Kevin Durant bro. You going make that move. I like him better with the thunder. I just don't wanna break my team up man. I ain't gonna lie. You get him but I don't even know if SGA could play with kd. He's so used to being there. They play differently. Like if you watch the Celtics play, they like move the ball pass it three three. Yeah you got people driving to the basket kicking it out for threes and shit. That ain't how the thunder play. Yeah SGA cooks. Yeah And y'all get the Crumbs bro. Yeah pretty much Get it in transition or get out the way.


Yeah Jalen Williams get the second options pretty much. He ain't really making no extra pass but KD is 40 bro. What do we want from him at this Point? Hey got my boy Jacob Williams looking crazy with that profile picks bro. Both of 'em realistically. Who y'all trained though to get KD On this team? Oh you get Aren Wiggins, you get it Three first round picks. I'm just giving up picks. Yeah we keep everything. We giving some of these young boys. I hope I'm good Mike Like right here 13. Yeah, I mean I'll probably get off the out. Yeah I said Joe I I'll Probably get off that Caruso contract. I fuck with Caruso but me bring KD that's another max deal and That's another Jalen Williams on our team too you can get rid of.


So I'll probably get off there. Yeah We got Kaon Wallace So we'll go ahead and I Oh get rid of 88 Alice Es. Oh I'm gonna tell you right now the feed sons is not gonna be moved by that gentleman being in that trade respecting him. But if that's the the selling point He hit that tight in off my fucking team tight. He Guard too. That's the crazy part. 80 DA has a guard. Crazy. It ain't that many numbers retired though. Okay, see he can't get a better number bro. 88 is wild. Damn Bro. When KD go to the motherfucker Thunder they championship. I don't know. It might fuck up SGA bro 'cause they don't play. I don't know if they're mixed bro. Mm. I mean y'all got a basketball hit. Yeah, I mean they don't, he don't really, they don't share the ball like that. They, They play well together.


They all like each other but they play well because they know the pecking order. Like they Like he gonna shoot all the shots Like and we gonna do everything else Cook. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna shoot the open shots I get on rotation and then if not it's going back the and we Cool with this. Yeah like Jalen Williams going to do his shit in transition. He gonna get his shit off on SGA out. I mean they don't meet him. It'd be great to Have him though get swings. He might be upset bro. Them niggas don't care bro. They be hyped after the game every time. Yeah Lou dot smooth with the Yeah couple threes he get Like I only shot three times today. I don't give a fuck. I Was locked up though. Yeah they probably look at it like we all making because they all in damn got paid besides check We getting paid, we winning and we young bro.


Yeah we lit. We lit. Nah they do got a vibe There fresh. They got a fresh And the dope part. Little door he got paid before everybody else even got there. Yeah. He like, I'm not really tripping at all. It's really up And everybody knows Jaylen Williams about to get a max so it's Like Yeah. Yeah they ain't really tripping bro. I don't they might just keep that the same. Yeah they Fighting fucking K. Yeah for The greatest storybook. Telling K coming back home OKC. Yeah that's what that it's for. That'd be dope as fuck. That's what it's For. Most definitely we sell She man. But Rock is worst last pick y'all got tonight. Worst. All right. For sure. Alright man. Looking forward to Sunday's game game one. Pacers, Cavs OG Halliburton will not be Intendance man. That is crazy. Get his ass the fuck outta Here.


Yeah that is crazy. They did my boy like that man. Nah It is kind of crazy Free OG Man. Hella Bird ain't got no pool. Y'all not kicking my pops out. I don't care. Hey Bro, after what happened to Mal of the Palace bro, I give y'all two games bro saying he can't come back no more bro for Can't make him sit in a suite or something. Yeah, Like put my boy in the box. Like don't, don't tell me he can't bro's Crazy. Can't come to the game bro. It's cool. Two games is cool. All right Pop. You got chill but hey Oog, pullups is Studio. Yo bro, I got some rules for you bro. Definitely bro. We watch Game here. Yeah, nothing bro. Alright man. Game one. What y'all thinking? Cash. Okay, you going cast off the Dribble? No disrespect it just at home game. Mm. I don't know. They been off so long though. It might be a little rusty bro. I got Cavs. I'm gonna take the Pacers Game one.


They might still game one. Yeah just just loop me saying Cavs in every game. Just act like we in in the studio. You know how niggas Loop Just loop Cavs baby. I'm gonna take that personally. Be in Punch It in, punch it in. Nah I'm gonna take the Rs game one. Hey listen I know regular season don't matter but we threw one against the Cavs. I think we match up with them really, really good. I think they probably would've much rather not have played us in this situation because we match up perfectly with this team. That's a fact. It is. It is even across with that. But I still got the Cavs bro. I don't know. I feel like Garland can't guard. They gonna try to take advantage of that somehow. And then I feel like if he don't come and get them 20 a night it'll help the Pacers.


But I like, I like the cast bro. My biggest concern in this series is the same reason why I was happy about the last series. Doc Rivers and Rick Carlisle coaching. I'm comfortable with Rick, Kenny, Atkinson and Rick. Nah, Kenny gonna make adjustments. Rick probably won't and I think that's what's gonna decide the series. I think the patience can win this series. They're very capable. I think we can win game one too. I think we have to win game one if we wanna win the series. Realistically. Of course you wanna leave the home series with a split on that situation. But I think we have to win game one and win the series. But I got, I got Faith in us in this one man. I'm not scared of the Cavs at all. After we play the Celtics, I don't fear them but we all going game one. You said you obviously you got Cavs. You going Pacers? I'm gonna go with the Pacers Game one. Okay.


I'm going Cleveland. Respect man. Can't get mad at all man. Should be great. Basketball for sure. Verify buckets be here. Who was getting to it last night? I'm gonna give it to James. Man. James stepped in. We kind of doubted though. We thought they was going home man. So 28, 8 and six. We need that. You know I mean next game Most definitely. T who you got? I'm gonna go with JB man. Even though he shot 30 something shots man, he was aggressive. Had 40 points. Took the team home. Knicks live on. Most definitely. Mook. Who you got on Kauai man? 27 and 10 and five. Getting it done. Terminator man, he might go crazy. Game seven. Reclaim the Fame. RB here, Get Well Soon. Needs encouragement going into this weekend.


Yeah. MPJ man DJJ says you hurt. I don't give a fuck. Well I know that shit hurt too 'cause God damn. There you go. Norman Powell NP first of all went crazy Jam. Wow. Watch out Murray. Hey Yeah. Damn. Cross the shit outta my Murray. I fuck with you N pj. But you don't play defense anyway and that was a weak ass attempt to block you damn near like flag or foul. My nigga Ducked his ass. Come On man. Hey You know you two swine like that. No you ain't blocking nobody's shot bro. He Can't use his left hand.


Get the fuck out the white bro. Don't get the poster for no reason. Yeah bro, For Sure. Shoulda a windmill on that nigga. Hey, Can't peasy hoop got Boy. It's the hooping in that T-shirt heard. Treated it like it. St. Joe's Get Well Soon. All right. Just roll up all the clips, man. Fuck it. We here Malik Beasley. Get well, Get Well Soon of the season. Damn. That's just Boom and they was on his ass because of what he did. Going into halftime, hitting that shot. Would Y'all run a play like that? Y'all coach? That was a good play. Is that a good play? He was open. Was there anything that y'all would adjust? Just make him sprint off so he can get more separation.


Look at Tim Hardaway. When he, when he missed the pass. He's crushed. Yeah, niggas grabbed the head with both hands. Damn It. What's Crazy when you get that text like oh shit. Oh no I didn't fucked up with the guys having a good time. When you come back in the room with your phone locked Said fuck. Oh shit. Oh yeah, he punched on it. Hey He dunked it so quick. I didn't even Know he was ducked the shit outta K real quick Bridges That nigga.


Nigga. I was about to say he long as fuck P shit bow. Hey and what's so messed up? It was a mis play before that Tobias Harris got this dunk block before that. Which led to this? Yeah. Crazy swing. Hey He dunked it so quick he couldn't even jump. Called his ass lacking. Damn. He got Malik B. What are you doing Malik? Look at Be doing shit. He just out here look At Seriously why did he do that? I'm just here to score bro. Like What are you doing? This nigga wasn't even closed. This nigga went and grabbed a rim. He didn't even go his way. And I Even close. I need to add that to my workout plan to start running around, running around y'all gym doing that Ain't that ain't the most false hustle I ever seen in my life.


This is so false. But that's just, listen, that's what y'all said Luka need to do at least try. This is what y'all said yesterday. Yeah, look better on tape. This is what y'all wanted Luca to do And Malik be would've stopped the free throw lot. I promise nobody would've upset. Y'all gotta pick side. Y'all gotta pick side but now you got dunk on too. Fuck it. Give up some you in this place. Fuck it. Alright, what's next all Russ? My dog. This is tough. This is tough. That's break smoke. There a track flipper. Now if Malik be was here, he could have got the putback but no smoke. Yeah. Rush Ru like he used too.


Yeah, he could have just regular dunked. That That's tough man. That happens though man. Shit. Yeah, flat tire and the and the fourth throw. That's tough. I need him with two minutes. Everybody Miss later thought he did that in the playoffs though. In facts. GM was like JP would've hit that LA they been going back and forth with to smoke. That's tough man. Yeah man. Get Well Soon. Terres for sure. Man. That is tough. Oh dang man. We shall see man. We can't wait. Game seven this weekend. One of the best moments in sports. Winter takes all. We will be locked in. We appreciate y'all be safe this weekend. We'll be back Monday morning. It's five 20 In The Morning. Sure.


The Volume


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old S sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes. Its per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause And the use of oral contraceptives? Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh. Optiv mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. Refresh. Optiv mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop aisle. At all major retailers,


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time. Time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


When your company earns unlimited 2% cash back on all purchases with Capital One, that's serious business. So Steven as Sand Cloud got a serious business card, the Spark Cash plus card from Capital One. We used our 2% cash back to help build our retail presence. Savvy Steven. And We get big purchasing power so our business can spend more and earn more. The Spark Cash Plus card from Capital One. What's in your wallet? Terms And conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Spark Cash plus.