
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host. I'm Michael Jordan, son To my left I got my brother Bishop. He to my right. I got my brother T fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening bro? You on your own? Yeah. Free little cus though. Oh Hear you out now nevermind you out. Ain't nothing but little Coke. Yeah man. Ain't nothing little. Hey man, that interview, we'll talk about that for the podcast man. But hey, them putting the band market Jordan t-shirts out for the ones they gotta do it bro. Trophy room. Make it happen for sure. Stay off the tracks.


Stay off the tracks for sure man. Listen, before we get into the yesterday's scores man, it's about that time man trade. That deadline goes officially off tomorrow. So we got a lot of people scrambling to the end. First off, let's just go see how y'all feel about some stuff man. It's looking like Brad Bill might stay put. Y'all think he gonna be a son after tomorrow? Yeah. Okay. It's over with Nobody getting trade no more. It's over. You don't think so? Nah, it take, it is too much like Brad Bill threw everything off. Hmm. Interesting. Now I, it's been a lot of rumors that the Sunset Shop and kd, if they can't get Jimmy Butler, which starting there I think is already a weird statement to say. But if K happens to go somewhere, what team do you think you might see him be going back to?


You think it's Golden State? Rockets are Golden State. I could see those but I don't think it get time. I don't think it get done in time. Mm. Yeah I, that's too big of a, a move to make like I think a lot of, a lot of shit we might see today be like, I ain't gonna say really lower tear, no disrespect but Role players. Role Players and money and shit like that. But then my man might be a blockbuster. You know the NBA? I don't think So. You might Put a little razzle dazzle at 1159. Yeah. What's wrong? Alright we straight. I've been talking. Oh yeah come on.


Don't do that today. We Good? Okay. Oh okay. Wake up camera. Shouldn't you out there with Mark Jordan? Huh? They always messing up some shit so I gotta call people out early in the Morning. Oh but what I was saying with some of the teams they was like with the K that's a possibility but I don't get that like so if you get Jimmy Butler you cool but if you don't get Jimmy Butler Trey kd I understand that Luca's Trey is already taking the edge off anybody doing some wild shit so nobody gonna get penalized if they tweak out. But that's kind of weird though. Like why is that the domino effect? Yeah. I don't know man. I just, it's The money. Yeah It is like we get Jimmy, we got a chance to win if we don't get Jimmy obviously we ain't winning shit so lets get off this money.


Yeah and we have to pay KDA extension soon. We already over the tax by crazy. Let's just get under the tax bro. So they might trading for some young guys. Hmm. I could see that happening for sure. Now I laugh because the Mav, it was like in the dream scenario they would get Kevin Durant as well and in everybody's dream scenario they would fucking get Kevin Durant. I don't know what type of report that means but everybody wants Kevin Durant bro. That doesn't mean y'all could get him Now I did make the tray yesterday. They Trey Quin Grimes, they got twin up there from on the Philly. How y'all feel about that situation? Just same type shit. Yeah, Low tier shit. What about the cos though? Cos is supposed to be getting traded. No.


Yeah the Kyle Cosman for Chris Millen trade kind of scratches my head with that situation too. How you feel about that? Chris Milton got like two years left on his deal just getting off the money. Okay. That's all. It's because I'm like I don't see that as being, I mean shout out to Kyle Uzman but for what that team means, I don't know if he's gonna contribute as much as he could. But if it's about the money then so be it. Then I get back. Yeah just getting off the money that's all it really is. That ain't a bad piece to pick up for it And I think Cools gonna be a free agent. Yeah That ain't a bad piece to grab just for That. Like shit we can see if you give us something we renting. Yeah So then not that money. So that's, that's interesting. So if you're at the Bucks, do you wait till the off season to make another move in that situation?


All right we'll rock out with Kyle but now we got free money to add what or say our two franchise players. Shit You don't got no choice. That's what they gotta do because they need another star to keep Giannis happy obviously you see Giannis saying shit that like he wanna see everybody in a big market and all this shit. Yeah that was interesting. That's kind of scaring people a little bit. So now that Milwaukee know like we gotta get off that money and free up some more space so we can get another player. We gotta keep Giannis happy. Hey shout out to Giannis. Always testing that gangster anytime he ain't happy about he getting a prayer. Hey yo yo I wanna see everybody thrive and if I ain't got what I want then yeah we'll figure it out. 'cause when he said yeah I wanna see yo in New York, everybody's like damn this is where you wanna be. Yeah where you I wanna go bro because last time I did that yeah y'all went and got me damned the next time y'all do some bullshit.


I don't like it. I would not be a buck anymore. Yeah I don't even know where he can go. That's A big market go bro. If he goes to Golden State, I mean we ed that for years but state a big market, New York, golden State Chicago, them like the biggest markets. Chicago be lit. Miami would be lit. Miami ain't a big market but he can make it lit though. But New York, Chicago, LA damn. Yeah go stay would be insane though. Stephan and Yiannis would be crazy. Yeah Chicago, he had to do a lot of work. I'm I'm sleeping on him going. I'm saying that. I'm just saying the big markets but Mm.


Question from the chat early on it says does Luca add any more pressure to JJ in the future and right now him and LeBron together? Nah I mean shoot. Nah he actually took pressure off of him. Hell yeah He saving his job bro. Green. He just got a hall of famer. He ain't got a really coach and he got LeBron who really kind of the head coach. Nah it just made like sweet. Nah ain't even that. It ain't even that. Everybody know it's a adjustment period now 'cause you had 'em fifth in the west with ad. So everybody like you got the two best. You had a dynamic duo with LeBron and ad now you get a chance to really chill 'cause nobody expect, expect much from Luca and LeBron. They gotta figure it out. They need that time to figure it out how to play with each other and all that shit.


So if y'all going on a losing streak or whatever it is, all the pressure is off. They just switched your whole team. Yeah the basketball guys looked out for jj. If anything Had no pressure man it's, it is all green. Yeah. Halfway through your first year in the season. Your part one of the biggest traits in NBA history. It it ain't on you regardless of what happens in this situation. Nah it's all green but it definitely don't hurt to get Luka Dante in that situation. We'll talk about the Lakers game later. But you think LeBron might stick around? Yeah he said he ain't going nowhere. Oh yeah I know he ain't gonna the trailer but you think after the season you think he gonna lock in? Yeah he said he was locked in with the Lakers. That's hard though. Maybe he got something up his sleeve too though. He probably Jean busing him probably talking.


He could probably get a little piece of that ownership when he done. Oh I'm locked in then. Oh Yeah we out here then. I'm pretty sure they said some shit like that. It's a, it is a backend deal in that situation somewhere. 'cause I ain't never heard Brian say he was locked in. Well we know what happens when LeBron starts saying stuff like that. We start posting niggas on Instagram, they typically leave so we gotta take that with a grain of salt. Damn he done posted a nigga killing. Nah you know what happens though anytime Real killer. Yeah he is on a real different team next time. Yeah get a get Aroy highlight tape going. Well shoot after they play yesterday I, I don't know. I don't know if it's open trials no more the Lakers man. For sure. But we'll get into it man. A lot of rumors going on. We'll see who moves around.


One of the greater games of yesterday the Celtics and the Cavs headed off yesterday one 12 and 1 0 5. Man I thought it was gonna be a belt to as situation but the Cavs kept fighting for sure. Really, really good game. Yesterday JT had 22 7 and four JB only had 16 to nine. Poor Zenga had 19 as well. Navin Mitchell was hooping yesterday. He had 31 and 10 made Gold had 25, he killed the second half as well. The Cavs on one or two against the Celtics. I don't really hold that much to him because when the Celtics played like they played yesterday, they didn't even play they best and they still a lot to deal with man. They stood a defending chance there was a bad game at first. Man they couldn't score, nobody could score. Jaylen Brown had to put the team on his back in the first quarter. He had all the points. Yep. It was just a a slow game.


It started to pick up in the second half or whatever. Like you said the Cavs made a run cut the lead made it an exciting game. But when I look at the CS man I like 'em but like they fifth player, sixth player Ain't giving 'em nothing. Nah they just not comparable to the Celtics. Like yeah they fifth and sixth player are damn hall of Famers. True. Like It just not fair. Like you got, I love Sam Merl, I play with him in Milwaukee but Sam Merl is like getting hella minutes like Todd Jerome is subbing in solid NBA player but these are they key guys. Yeah. And this is Drew Holiday, you know what I mean?


That's true bro. This Peyton Pritchard averaging 1615. That's why I said it in the playoffs series bro. I I don't see that even making sense bro. I don't see, I love George ne Yang but you subbing in with Al Horford it's quiet. Yeah It's, that's, that's different. It just, it is just a different level and like they two stars gotta be crazy like every, like Donovan Mitchell had to get crazy for them to be into be in that game. Yeah. Guard they had to Steph and KD the whole way through. Yeah They was hooping I and I ain't gonna lie, Evan Moby did not play well at all. Three for 14 Uhuh. Yeah that's, but he don't have nights like that because that team is more versatile.


Like even though he like a matchup nightmare for most teams, he's not for the Celtics because JT six nine Hella buys a throw at him. Zy is seven one. Yeah Like and Jared Allen is a force down low but he don't do nothing on the perimeter so he plays into the Celtics hand a little bit. Like you gonna let Ingas just stay down there and block shots all All right. Yeah. Shit. Jared does not stretch the floor at all. Yeah. Yeah. So you don't let Owl worker know sit in the pain where they do what they do well is to protect the realm. Well Zy is definitely so and that's if you get there 'cause you got Derrick White on one side and Drew on the other and then JT can guard Evan Moby.


Yeah it ain't a mismatch. So just a bad matchup for them. I think. I wanna ask y'all this. Obviously the Celsius is a bad matchup for Denver, everybody to get out the east. Do you think that the Cavs could beat the Bucks in the series or do you think the Cavs could beat the Knicks in the series? Either one of those teams. The Cavs can beat the Bucks. Hmm. I don't know about the Knicks. They match up better with the the bucks like the Buck Wings. No offense. The Wing, the Wing matchup ain't really talking about nothing over there. No. Oh you got Giannis, you got D the Wings is you not really fearing? Nah, that's the TP and and Andre Jackson.


Yeah. The matchup problem for the Cavs is the, the Wings when it come to the Celtics. Mm they wings are kind of iffy. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I think they'll beat the Bucks. Yeah they could beat the Bucks. I don't think they could beat the Knicks. No the Knicks. I don't know bro. That's, that's the wings. There we go. They got all the wings Mike. Yeah it might get a little spooky and Jalen Brunson is and shout to Darius Garland All Star. But that's, that's tough. Yeah. On that island. But this, I mean they kind of, I ain't gonna say balance each other out but I just feel like Darius Garland had to play way harder than Jalen Brunson. He has to score and like in that game last night they're, they're like the JB screen even though he didn't play that well.


They picking on him on 'em screens and switching roles. He has to have 2025 every game 'cause his scoring 'cause he ain't gonna stop none of them. He got JB like that. It is gonna get ugly bro. See the thing is Jalen Brunson can hide on defense. He can guard Max Stru. Yeah. And now you got Mikel Bridges or OG or Josh Hart Garden. Darius Garland. Right. You go into a pick and roll. They got big wings. If you go to pick and roll with Kat, Kat get to sit back 'cause Jared, Allen them dudes he can be up and drop back 'cause Jared Allen's knows 3.3 so he don't gotta switch. Yeah. You know usually saving energy with poor Zynga in them. He gotta switch. He don't gotta switch with the cats. Oh sir, they not know three point threats So you get to drop back in coverage and they fight over the screen.


Make Darius Carlin playing that in-between Game McDonald Mitchell been playing that in-between Game some better matchup.


The action is always heating up on the field at the Draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draft King Sports book. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits if you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio


Dell Technologies is celebrating with anniversary savings on their most popular tech. For a limited time only, save on select NextGen PCs like the XPS 16 powered by Intel core ultra processors and more. Plus, curate your dream setup with great deals on select monitors. Mice and more must have electronics and accessories when you shop online at dell.com/deals. You'll have access to leading edge technology to match your forward thinking spirit and free shipping on everything. Again, that's dell.com/deals.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff like it's all colored. They changed it and the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah it was like do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the right we're officially line mates. Nate, we worthy the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, Ken Saquon, Barkley even break the rushing record. Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did.


Hope you could join us for the postseason run And like you said with Cat on the other side of that Jared Allen. But you're not gonna be existing in paint 'cause you have to guard catch. Mm You got us to guard Cat way out there. So now you got JB The only thing that helps them is that Josh Hart, he can make a shot but he not a knockdown shooter. So you could put Jared Allen on him and you can do what I did to Buddy and kind of like play that cat mouse game with Josh Hart like let's see if you can make a shot. That's a good Count. But what, what you did though Josh Hart ain't going that long. Josh hard. Yeah I mean because they don't know what he talking about so that's definitely Paul. But yeah that's wild as fuck actually.


But I think Josh hard to catch on. Yeah and then start to Yeah he attacked but yeah I was just saying that's So you could do though. I said I did see him hooping the play out. I'll show, show some love with Josh Hard. Like he jump shot ain't falling. He'll make a way man. He somehow gets to the basket so for sure I see them looking at de Hunt the Cavs. I think that's a person they definitely need now we talking. I know we ain't giving them up though but now we talking Who the fuck for I mean shit we can figure it out picks Hell nah ain't about the treat. Him like oh boy that got traded for the Soaker. No way. I ain't saying no sucker round picks but show I'm saying like you probably have the first round pick in there. Who Eno? Yeah I wonder if he got somet.


He too valuable bro. I I he not too valuable bro But from what we just saw yesterday again like the Cavs need another scoring wing to help the Don Mitchell played like Superman yesterday he was fucking killing and it still wasn't enough like yeah they need another wing to compete in the east. They gonna have to get somebody else who can score on the wing position but good win for sure for the Celtics and B came back man he ain't hooped in the wild but he definitely played like, you know what I'm saying, he's supposed to MVP caliber type player 29, 11 and 10 Trippy dub Tyree Maxey had 33 at 13, man got the maths 1 18, 1 16. He see what he said. He said why you play said I ain't wanna get That nigga cloud. He clowning, he out pocket man the Mavs new looking Mavs.


Kyrie had 34 9 and four yesterday Max Chrissy looked good yesterday for that team. Man he probably like damn I get to shoot the ball and shit. Oh man so much pressure. I'm playing with LeBron just keeping the real Like he go over there and really kill. That'd be crazy. He Probably is bro. He's doing you get to play free bro. He gonna do everything he's supposed to do. Had 15 yesterday shoot at a high percentage. You don't really take a lot of dumb shots and he got a burner. He fit perfect what that team needs. Especially when ad start playing that inn out bro. I don't Want him to do what I'm not saying nothing. I'm not even saying he sad or nothing. I'm just saying if he go over here and really kill, I know the lake is gonna be like what the Fuck you got. That's what happens to Lakers. Everybody leaves and start Hooping. What the Fuck going on? You gotta think when you 20 What? Like 19, 20, 21 and you go to a team with LeBron bro you grew up, it's the only person like you probably his favorite player bro.


Yeah he probably, I looked at LeBron probably was fucked up like LeBron probably talked to him like hey Max get get this shit. He probably scared as hell. Probably scared to make a mistake. All type of shit. I see Hate to play that shit. Oh yeah, looking at him. Yeah. Yeah bro I Look that nigga look like Eric Benet. I walk right past Christie I he look like Never go Eric B. Day but nah man you fry for that. How you feel about Kyrie being able to lead a team? I know there's been a lot of knock on his leadership capabilities with this new look situation. He's gonna be the person that looked to, you know what I'm saying? Get him through. You think Kyrie capable? I think he's been a better leader as of late.


I mean his move to the Mavs been great. His energy, everything he's been doing has been great. Everybody's been raving about the person he is and the teammate he's been since he's been there. But I think he has help now with ad. Yes sir. Also people question his leadership abilities but they both get a chance to step up and try to make something happen. And I think that's a crazy dynamic duo man. It's gonna be a really good thing to see. I know Dan G got a little hurt back then but when Lively get back man man that's a hell of a lineup you gotta deal with. And I think they still are active as well. I think they're trying to add something else to that team. I don't know what else they need but I mean they said KD but I don't know who they trade them mean you gotta give up Lively for damn direct you gotta give up Lively, you gotta give up damn near all these picks and okay when y'all need me to go get him.


Who else? I'm trying to think who else. Yeah say say oh you can have Lively, you can have my right kidney two second round. Who else they got? Pj? Yeah pj. Yep PJ gotta go lively. Gotta go and that's cool. You gotta give up something else. Damn jazz. Now TJ Live Lively on a rookie deal. Yeah DJJ Lively. That's A live bro. You do gotta make the money match. Yeah you gotta give us something else. Somebody's gotta, I don't care who though. That young get out the young Bull Ni g Marshall gotta go and that young bull Now listen, y'all say y'all need salary back. Y'all not taking out by Young Talent now y'all party gotta go. Y'all thirsty too. Alright. What got to Yeah Max still Phoenix Max Christie might be on the move again Max Christie Lively.


I cool bro. We didn't even take your name on the jersey yet. Max Christie Lively, Hardy and Najee Marshall. That's fine. I had oh no but no I'll take that back Clay, come on Jeff. You cannot trade six people from the mass. I know that he's worthy of that but you can't, they won't even approve it on 2K bro. No I'm saying look somebody else has to go back in that trade Clay. It is. It's probably be some sad people on Sons. I shouldn't say sad but like some young boys on that's desired. It's gonna be Clay Max Christie. Now we gotta keep Clay Najee Marshall and Lively. Yeah that's cool. I still got Kyrie Irving, Anthony Davis and Kevin Durant. That shit and Clay Thompson probably won't work but have to win. Clay Thompson gone. The sad Part about that is if, if one of them get injured it's over with.


Yeah Clay Thompson not gonna be it just gotta work with you. They did it in Brooklyn already in new work too. Shit. Shout to the fat suit from James Harden. Man listen we talk about this every six team but full strength they can make some noise. Y'all think if they go into the playoffs at Decent to full health they could upset somebody. No you not saying you ain't buying a narcotic. Yeah. Yeah they could beat so they can beat the calves. They Can beat the Rs. Yeah. Nah we beat the ass. They can beat the calves. They have full strength. They can beat the cals. That's a tough matchup as a first round matchup. That's tough. Are You saying that like as a I'm serious though. Like can they really beat the Pacers, the Sixers? Yeah if they had full strength they could sweep the Pacers.


They ain't even know. They ain't even know like Shade like mb. That's what it sound like. No, nah. MB is that dominant bro. Like he could foul for sure. He could foul your whole team out. I mean we don't have anybody guard MB for sure. Yeah and I ain't even trying to be funny. I'm being dead ass serious. That's same thing though. It's the same thing. It's the same thing with the Cavs bro. They don't got no guard mb That's, that's a tough, tough deal. Yeah and Tyrese Maxey if PG full string, that's a fucking team over there. Now we gotta quit playing like they ain't got no killers over there. Yeah I'm, I'm not, I'm not buying a fool. Go right now. Niggas need C beans. Jordan B ain't play basketball month. Shit. You I'm not talking about they saying you see ain't played basketball month.


They got a Triple D first game back. Yeah nigga was charged up just saying like a Tesla. I'm just saying I should tell you he he really playing around. Nah, Joel Beat is a VP candidate every year for a reason man. Yeah. Yeah And fourth Street best Texas team should be good but we, we've been, we've been waiting for it. I mean yeah I don't think we ever gonna get it but yeah for sure man Lakers built a ass situation yesterday. They beat the shit out the Clippers 1 22 to 97. Brown was hoop, brown was killing yesterday. Lakers as a whole yesterday was who win that first quarter. They couldn't miss bro. Facts Ru was on fire everybody Officer Re's been killing man 20 and nine Austin re I told y'all he was nice at the point guard spot. Most definitely. I don't know why you typed it up there and said that bro scored both points to Ty Hallberg yesterday.


That is a fact unfortunately. How many, how many Bronny have three Tyrese didn't score no shot the ball three times. Mm Yeah we'll we'll we I don't even talk about that. Yeah I told y'all Portland was gonna beat your ass Portland beat the shit Ibu yesterday for sure. But this Lakers win yesterday post trade. Is that a, is that a high Everybody happy? New roles, new opportunities. They just having fun hoping Yeah like you play so much free. You gotta think Anthony Davis obviously he, he made up so, so much for them on defense, you know blocking shots, switching and pick and roll all that shit he was doing. But offensively you get to play free shit when LeBron go out. Who got I get to shoot shit, ain't nobody tell I can shoot the ball. Ain't nobody else here I got that was a good win for them though.


That was a good win. Yeah they, they handled the clippers yesterday. Speaking of somebody else like the Mac Christie situation dude, dog and connect promising earlier year and it started getting dps not getting no minutes. Now he get to play freely again. Hey man it's like the team that might get do something man I'm interested to see you. You ain't fucking with it. You don't think they can win a playoff round with Luke and Kyle? I mean Luke and LeBron quiet that ain't y'all nothing. They can't get a first round win at a five seed. Four or five matchup they cooked. Damn. Let's go to the West to see where they would play if they say where they was at. Nuggets nugget. No they no they better hope the nuggets. Yeah nah they cool. They definitely not beat them niggas. Could they beat the Clippers in the series if it, if it matched up like that?


Yeah they could beat the Clippers. Okay. How about the Rockets? No I mean they might be able to. Yeah but him and Luca they just gonna get mismatches all game. They just gonna keep switching Van Fleet. Yeah pick your poison. Yeah they can beat them. They can't beat the nuggets though. I I agree with you. There's no way they can beat the nuggets. We saw Jackson Hayes last night. Is he the type of player they need? Like they're rolling big or do they still need to go get a big for this day? Nah, he, he a one leg jumper. You gotta have a two foot jumper for Luca now you gotta be to catch a lob off too. That's interesting. Now we understand what you're saying but could you break that down for our consumers or may not understand.


So like a lot of people, like when you catch a lob you gotta be able to have like vertical, you need a guy that can jump off vertical and catch LOBs. And I'm not saying Jackson Hayes can't, I mean obviously he's seven foot, he bought around but he gets up higher when he gets a run and start and jump off one leg And with Luca you gotta get in a pick and roll. You gonna roll to the basket, he gonna hold the ball for a little bit and then he might just throw it up and you gotta have a vertical leap to go get it and you can't get a running start. A lot of times it's just a straight off vertical. That's why Lively and gaffer was so good 'cause they both can jump off vertical and catch a live pretty well. Yeah that makes a lot of sense. Like Capella. But that's why Jackson Hayes never been a crazy live threat. Like if you seen his dunk last night, it was off of row, he caught it one leg jump.


Yeah. Boom. And that's interesting you say that 'cause I, I always wonder why 'cause I'm like he dumb athletic, like he, it is always been there but that kind of type of a breakdown makes sense. Yeah you would think he would be lively. You would think he would be gafford and we never talked about him in that kind of light because that's the reason. That's interesting. Also, I wanna know, do you think that Lane opened up more or no ad if they go get it big and play that and LeBron is basically your, your small, I mean your power forward. Does Lane open up a little bit more for Luca to have that type of energy to throw them LOBs or is it just LeBron at four? Yeah, niggas still gonna be helping. They still gonna, I mean bro actually obviously he's shooting the ball way better than years ago but I, I want bro shooting threes and instead of going to the basket.


Yeah That's a good For sure. Well time will tell man. Unfortunately Lucas's first game will be against the Pacers and I don't look forward to it but I am definitely excited to see it happen. For sure. A couple more games took place last night. The Knicks took care of the rappers yesterday. 1 21 1 15 K Nicks on the eight game winning streak. Man. Kat had 27 to 20. He definitely covered for you yesterday. Jayla Brunson 28 5 assist. Scotty Barnes had 23. Man the Knicks is doing what they supposed to do man. Like you said Olympic cross the finish line. If he got to tough team to deal with, you was right again about the Chicago Bulls took care of the heat yesterday. 1 3 3 to 1 24. I told you Kobe White was gonna have a game man. Josh Giddy had 24 7 and five. Kobe White always hooping had 22.


Your favorite white boy had 23 9 and eight. Ben had 23 and eight yesterday. Bulls always win games. We count 'em out though bro. I know. I'm telling y'all bet with Teague got the parlay up. Nah, I don't do Par I don't bet but I know who gonna win. Okay. Moneyline Teague, I'm fucking with it. The Nets took care of the rockets yesterday and listen man, the end of that game was fucking ridiculous man. I know we talk about any experience in the NBA but they completely smoked that game yesterday. Like there's no way that they're supposed to lose that game. Shout out to dlo getting the game winner got his pose off. Got his shit off the way he was supposed to, but the Rockets really smoked that game yesterday. I I love dlo on losing teams.


Get the flex it come off the wrong way but Dude how You just love to see him play free? Yeah. When he on a losing team or like teams are kind of struggle a little bit To say I love to see a nigga on a losing team. Sound crazy though when you look at it, clip that up like I love for that nigga losing I do he play better. Well to be fair they clipped the worst. So Yeah, I I feel like when he play on teams where he could play free and they just had playing open basketball bro, he fun to watch. Actually. Like I hated Dlo on the Lakers. Like I thought I damn near started saying he was sad like man he damn near sad. Yeah. That make you drink the Koola. Oh you shoot a precision yesterday? Yeah, one of those was a game winner. That's what make you fire shot the dlo.


He hit a couple but he hit the 20% from the field of winning. I fought. That's what I'm saying. I love that game. Winner with 10 turned me up. He, he shot at me that confidence at a different level. That's what you playing free. I ain't even want think it ain't even cross my mind that I missed this many shots. No, that's a coach's dream for a player he fucked around an airball. That bitch in la Yeah, he would've been so nervous thinking about it. He gotta pass it to Brown or somebody. He fucked around an Airball bro. And I'm looking at who played last night and respected the squad, but who else is supposed to take their shot? I wish somebody would yell at me for taking the shot.


Dell Technologies is celebrating with anniversary savings on their most popular tech for a limited time only. Save on select next gen PCs like the XPS 16 powered by Intel core ultra processors and more. Plus, curate your dream setup with great deals on select monitors. Mice and more must have electronics and accessories when you shop online at dell.com/deals. You'll have access to leading edge technology to match your forward thinking spirit and free shipping on everything. Again, that's dell.com/deals.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah you're like, do I send the Heart now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Do provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, Ken Saquon, Barkley even break the rushing record. Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


I mean I just, the confidence is always there like shit and I believe I can make the next one. Oh you see the ice code, you see the celebration. So I see what Bro saying. Yeah that's Why I like seeing that. 'cause I, they LA had me thinking he was kind of weak and I'm like man I didn't play him. He good. I done watched him play. He cold. I seen when he was an all star. Yeah. And then LA had me thinking like, man I damn near can get back out there man. You know it's interesting that's LA had me thinking like I could damn nerve man dlo doing it. I could get out there and it's, it is bad because the LA fans are consistently saying this nigga is trash. And it's just like even if he ain't trash in the back of your mind, you might even contemplate a little bit like well they do watch that games and they say this every time.


It's A crazy fan base. Dlo Is far from trash. Nah, He cold. That's the, that's the messed up thing. That's why I'm happy he got out there like thank you bro. You get to be normal again. Sha go hoop. Yesterday he had 24 and 20. Reid Sheer had 16 to seven. Yeah Reed get you some PT for show belt a situation. Importantly yesterday the BA just beat the shit out. The Pacers yesterday told y'all boys man one 12 to 89, 9 of the last 10, five in a row. Man every Simon had 22. Scoop had 17 to eight. Tyrese did not score at all yesterday. He was in hell. We got our ass beat yesterday. It is what it is man. Tough game. Uhuh. Uhuh Uhuh.


We not doing that. Nope. I told you boy. Hell no. The paces are going to get five minutes. Talk about 'em. Yeah, We don't have five minutes for the No we lost. See, See all this talking fast and shit. We lost. Hell no. We Got our ass beat. I I showed love to places they beat the shit out. Tyrese. Haliburton. I told you I pour Tyre you yesterday. He got, it was in hell. I told you I Portland boiling fun to watch man. I remember we used give him a lot of hell bro. I started watching him for real. They really exciting basketball team man. They got some young exciting players bro. Yeah bro. Man I looked at that last night and said oh my god you was watching Raw Chyna and SmackDown.


I was in the house cutting raw. Get Chyna getting smack down. Shout to my nigga sir. Oh man. Shout out to Tyree boy. Yeah, laying the egg is Crazy. What's up nigga? You hear me? We got smack yesterday man that shit is crazy. But we wasn't supposed to win to Utah so it is what it is. But hey shout out to the Blazers man. Shout out to Chauncey some more games tonight. I wanna see how y'all feel about 'em. Buck at Hornets. I'm gonna take the bucks man. Hey I see my boy mix tape miles. He said I hate these N-B-A-N-B-A fellas. I'll rock with it. That's my favorite song out. Oh Lord. Hey if you beat a team but it's in the dis record afterwards. That's far to me.


He said every team they beat, he should do a wrap up. It just disrespectful. He said I hate these NBA said he want a big won bump with Pat Bev. Can he get fined for that? Oh Hell no. Nah Bro. No uhm I make music bro. What he saying he don't like people but I mean it's just like I feel like it's just a negative conversation towards the NBA I'm. I'm asking, I ain't even know if he, well Pat Bev is not the N NBA A. If he, if he says like I want to beat somebody up in the league, they're gonna be like, Hey bro, chill out. But he, he could probably get away with it. I mean Niggas say worse on the court during the game. Yeah they talk. He getting micd up. Nah, nah, no. Nah, fuck that. He can't get fined for that. I'm just saying was it him or was it Skiller? Was it somebody else that said that though?


What? That he Want? Yeah, That was him. They Gonna smoke with him. Well Pat, that's what I said. If he was in association maybe the league could say something bro. It he'd probably get it off bro. They not tripping. I was just asking. Yeah. Aw damn wrong tap in. Nah that shit hard. Take that one she get with you Wrong. Get on the pin for Pat so he can spit some Shit. Wrong. Being a ghost Rider's crazy. He really got bars though. He do. I'm just saying he Really got bars. That'd be crazy. Damn. What Ba Dude we got Carl Miles ain't Heard it yet. Malcolm let me hear a little bit. People were sending me little snippets. I I didn't know how long it was far fresh. Mike. Yeah. Yeah he started off on that for sure man.


Oh Damn. Shout out to the Hornets Cavs at Pistons. This might be a trap game for the Cavs. Mm. I'll take y'all. I'll take y'all Pistons tonight. I'm gonna go with the Pistons too. I rode with the Pistons as well. Spurs at Hawks D. Fox playing tonight. Spurs. I'm taking the Hawks though. Ooh Okay. I got Spurs by 10 Tre. Y'all shoulda got me instead of him. We'll see you tonight. Wizards at Nets. Go to sleep. Take a nap. I'm gonna take the nets. We riding on the high. They stole me yesterday. Respect. He asked 76 ERs. I'm gonna take the six playing. Nah, he not playing. He not playing.


I'm still taking the six or something. Oh I'll take the heat. I'll rock out With the heat. He took it yesterday. I think they'll bounce back too. Grizzlies at Raptors. I'm gonna go Grizz. Take the Grizzlies. Yeah. Bulls at t. Wolves be here. Bulls. Damn. I got the T. Wolves go T Wol. Shout out to Rob man out there throbbing for sure. Warriors at Jazz. Mm I'm gonna take the Warriors. Yeah Warriors. The jazz at John Win games, warrior Warriors, Pelicans at nuggets at nuggets. Suns at Thunder. Thunder. Magic at Kings Magic For me. Kings. I'm gonna go Kings as well. Verified buckets. B here. Who was getting to it yesterday? Tyrese Haliburton.


Fuck outta Here. He didn't score yesterday. Alright. Hey y'all putting that the brightest scoreboard of Tyrese is out of pocket even though it's true, it's fucked up. But I ain't appreciate that. I didn't need to start my morning off like that. I mean I'm gonna give him To, I thought Bronny had like 12 or something. No het three. He three. I'm Gonna give it to the oldest nigga in the league Jordan and B, with the triple dub he can come back and do this shit whenever you want to bro. So I'll fuck with that. So man shout out to Worklife balance for sure. Even though he didn't get the dub. I'm gonna go with Kyrie 34 9. My boy get into it. He about to go crazy the rest of the year. Make y'all remember who he is. I'm gonna go with Kad 27 and 20. It's a hell of a game by big fella Pulse. But like that's a good game for Kat. I mean we see D kind of stats a lot from him.


Not the 20 rebounds all the time but he helping a hell of a year. Yeah, 27 to 20 is the lead. Yeah no matter how you round that out. I'm gonna show low Diamond Michel man he tried to get that dog yesterday. He looking like a leader. They always questioned him but the way he's playing basketball, keeping that team encouraged. 31, 10 to six to get defend chance bro. None but respect for me. Give us, someone will be here who need their Wednesday morning with a little bit of encouragement. Pius Mm Speaking of Don. It was a slow game too. It was a ugly game. Look four minutes ago. Wrong highlights. Don Mitchell punched on Zenas when the game was slow. Got wicked too. Yeah. Hey Andy kicked the ball.


Shut up. Nah he dunked that bitch. Andy kicked the ball. That's gonna make it better. Yeah he got that delay. Game tough. Give us so Tig who you got? Shit, who else? Look, it's a whole bunch. I'ma say give us to him to Zenga again. J Allen blocked the shit out your dunk. Gimme this. That's crazy. Stretch. The fact that he still playing the same res is crazy. Yeah, crazy. The fact he still playing them same res for the last eight years is insane to me.


Same ones tune name and a new pair. That is nasty bro. I love that about hell bro. J he do not give a damn about none of the NBA like stereotypes. Yeah he don't fend any of them. Yeah, they wish I, I wish I was like that. They wish probably be on his ass. That also also year. He was just like yeah I just wear, I grab and everybody was like, leave that nigga alone. Shit. They like yeah they trying to roast him and shit. He ain't fresh at all. He probably like Yeah but if you go check my account I'm worth about 250 million. Exactly. Yeah. What are you talking about? You Still gonna get droned on though? It's just part of this stuff. You really can't drone on a like a risk. You can bro. You can. Why? That's my problem. Y'all still human beings bro.


Niggas could crack jokes bro. You still human motherfucker. Your cousins, anybody steal just 'cause you got money don't mean the motherfucker ain't drone on you. Yeah You can drone on me but I don't really care like nah I ain't About you care I'm saying You niggas, you on niggas who really trying though. Like he not trying like he literally doesn't care. Oh mean Yeah, he don't Care. But if a nigga came and he thought he was fresh, like I don't think he don't care. He like I have all the t-shirts and jeans. Oh. So if I'm rich and I thought I got fresh. Yeah The shit really we It I gonna tear me up if You came look like Tracy Morgan, you trying to get your shit off. Yeah. You getting flamed up. Yeah, but nigga I just came to the game like Adam Sandler. Niggas try Roach Adam Sandler. It was like, you know he don't give a fuck.


He, he's definitely, I don't give a fuck Yeah bro, he, he's built for hoop session at any given time bro. That is me. That is me. I don't know. That's me. Not really though bro. You Adam Sandler is, I really don't give a fuck. I don't wear anything. No you really don't. I I don't wear anything but wear of ly beat church my nigga. You know that's, it's just because I grew up in a certain demographic. Like when we go places I really want to just wear Like I wake up In The Morning and just grab a hoodie. If it sweats, I don't give a fuck what they look like. I don't care what it got bleach on it. I don't care. Yeah but in the summertime you ain't, I feel like I'm not wearing a collar shirt and some hoop shorts. No I'm not. That's what he be on.


Yeah he be on that. That's I'm saying Trader Joe's uniform shirt, Nike drop fit shorts. I am getting a gas station tee for $5. I'll grab a gas gas station Tea. I Yeah but that bitch black Or White, you know what I mean? Like nah, he, he ain't white. No it might be tan but it ain't white or his no White. No white. His, His shoes be decent. Yo. Adam selling don't give a fuck bro. Stop bro. You never putting on no beaters team. Nah, you be trying to compare yourself to them a little bit too much for my liking. My Bro. I don't care about clothes bro. Exactly. Shoes. That's why I wouldnt go Anywhere. Shoes. Shoes. Y'all be having clothes on. I'd be like damn they come down matching this shit.


I be like, this me against foot suits. Fuck what? What local black or gray sweat suit y'all guys like to put on some jewelry But you never gonna put on no Reebok classes that you dad used to wear Bro. Yeah, I would live Watch, watch me All Star weekend. Had some collar shirt, some poly, some poly hood, Polyester, hoop, the finish line, me shorts, No socks. Adam nowhere no socks. It Reeb. I don't care. I ain't gonna say I ain't on his level of He I'm, I don't care. Like it's so funny. One time somebody seen me at P you know she be dress up and shit. Yeah. And I had a like probably a five 20 sweat suit.


I football was like damn he did not meet the requirements. I like fuck yeah I'm, yeah I mean You gonna wear a sweatsuit but I mean summer time, his Problem every I wore, I can't tell y'all last time I wore some jeans. Yeah, but you not Adam Telling by no means bro you, you get yourself. You be chilling bro. But you ain't never nigga What? You're killing me trying to tap into new people. No, I'm trying to get to that level bro. You are not Skiing bro. Stop. I'm trying to get to that level. If I don't care, we gotta get you some spears in there. Tap in for sure. Nah, I don't. I see. I ain't gonna never go that route. You can't even start with the the doc. Nah, but I'm trying to get to that level. I don't care that much. Oh You there?


Yeah, for sure man. Be here. People trying to win somebody. What you got for him man? But This talking to this nigga line this shit though. Nah. Dion Fox 25 tonight win three blocks K Cunningham 25 miles, bridges 20. Tyler Hero 25, Zion Williamson 20 mm Luka Doic eight assist tonight. Oh he might be He Playing tonight? Yeah, he's on the ticket so. Okay. Two 50. What they play? They play the Lakers. I mean the Mavericks tonight. I'm sorry. Oh He ain't playing. He playing bro. I say his first game will be the pace. Yeah they said his first game but you know just keep it on ticket K.


He might have to show you that one but just in case he does play They avoid it. But two 50 would you? 7,000 today Something slight two 50 for seven bands. Yeah. I like that. Alright, before we get outta here. Yes sir. Gotta see what Dennis Schreder said. Yeah, getting traded is like slavery. Yeah I just wanted to like speak on that. I don't think we should go that route with it. 'cause I know some people, some random people, a couple people said slavery was a choice but yeah it really wasn't a choice is this is way different. Yeah I I, I aye but Yeah like that's wild. Yeah. Yay was wrong. Yeah. Told y'all y'all got nigga Deru hair piece just out here talking now But nah, I get what he trying to say.


It's like the slave trade. You can go anywhere. They can send you where they can do whatever they want. I get what he trying to say but like that's a bad comparison. Especially We In February and and and respect to Dennis, you probably should probably say that for somebody who grew up in America to probably say some stuff like that. I know you're probably aware of that type of stuff but that's he Don't nothing about No he don't. Yeah That was a hell of a vantage point. Nigga Even wear shut the fuck up nigga. Yeah that That's, You're not allowed to speak on that. Yeah, talking about some shit, some slavery nigga. I mean he African too bro. He What? He African? Nah nigga German? Nah, he African. He's is not Greek. He is African. Dennis is definitely African. Yeah Dennis is probably one of the best. And then you know what the crazy part about that is a report came out, Dennis shoulder is officially up for trade.


I'm just saying Come on man. That nigga damn named Axel bro. He no African name Axel bro. Yeah it is. He's definitely African. You can look at him and see Ris say respect the ladies for sure. But he just grew Up in before the rebrand. Yeah. Lemme see Nigga look at bro he black every last name. Ain't no damn His first, his first haircut in a TL Where that at? Nah but nah I ain't doing all that. I'm Just saying he's German. No bro. Stop bro. Dumb niggas. I look at him Nigga I'll Be temp ain't I ain't seen a German ever look like that as an African nigga. Yeah bro It's a different bro. Go ahead t he African. But I was just saying like I get what he's saying with the slave trade and stuff but we gotta use a different analogy bro.


Yeah like 'cause you like you said you getting paid a lot of money, they wasn't getting paid shit bro. Yeah you ain't getting beat, you ain't getting whooped if you don't do something. That's Why I'm asleep on that. That's A shitty comparison to Yeah like you not going through any real struggles bro. This is all luxuries. Everything about this is up. Even if you get traded, you getting traded to a city and it's be, Hey y'all outta pocket bro. Jeff talking about this nigga, they got this nigga smiling. This picture I'm just saying everywhere you go is luxury bro. Yeah you get traded Even if you get traded, your family get traded. Y'all still moving into a city and y'all can go live in a nice luxury place. You getting paid millions and millions of dollars to do something you love. I get it. It's inconvenience sometimes that you gotta move your city, I mean your family to a different city.


But shit, this is lovely. I do that shit any day. You know what I'm Oh that's a tutorial. There it is. We hear that. Get all that. No that one right there. Damn. Bobby Smyrna. Yeah, Give yourself your alright but let's go. I ain't, I ain't, I'm talking about what the nigga said Not the duck lips. Hold on Mike, go back to the duck lips with the Fame. Yeah, blow that up so our people can see that. That one right there. Come on, wrap that up man you about to get outta here buddy. Ain't no wrap it up nigga. Wrong dogging. Nah man I wouldn't you on some other shit.


I'm talking about, I'm just talking about his statement man. Heard because people go, a lot of people took that wrong bro. Yeah you, you can't say shit like that. Yeah and I got what I get what he was trying to say but it is. Yeah you're wrong. That's a little sensitive. I had some people text me that earlier like damn bro, slave trade. I'm like man I get what he's saying man. Yeah Slave trade is absolutely, Y'all trying to say that nigga African ain't no damn African. Yes he is. He's not bro. Look at that bro Man. Alright I'm out. Why they shit? Hey man, we'll be back same time Tomorrow, five 20 In The Morning, The Volume.


Hey it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.