
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, Meer pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food. Gotta be Wendy's.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious, he was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its sneeze. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors once again are NBA champions. Today. The Warrior's Dynasty remains a alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Rushmore. Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesdays, five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a full house this morning. Bishop Teague. Five 20 Mook Fellas. Good morning. How Y'all doing? What's up bro feeling bro? What's good on your side hurting nigga? That first man we gonna five 20 off the court. Killed me yesterday. Ain't even sick right boy. Pause. Oh y'all. Y'all sore pause. Yeah. Yeah. Hey you ain't gotta surprise me. I'm sore brother. That's real. I forgot we worked out yesterday Mike, how you feel? Hey that's funny.


Yeah motherfucker made a clap there could walk here. What kind of workout are we doing? We working out with Jeff Teague and Richard Simmons in this today. Hey Five 20 Fitness is insane. I don't know who made that real yesterday but whoever chose that music is funny as hell. Shout to the production team man. Love, love. Okay, shout to my boy mouth. We went through the playlist. It's A nasty Playlist. Set the pick On your side of the man. Nah man. Let's get To it y'all man. Tap into the Patreon man. Check out the five 20. Fitness is hilarious man. Everybody in here is hurting worse than the Houston fans but we gonna roll the tape to start the show off man.


Damn man. I say Ain't to see man last possession last night of the national championship. It goes like this down two. They can see this mic Man. What play calls this bullshit. Shout to the big for setting a fake screen and not doing shit else. He Touch a person. That nigga was supposed to set three screens bro. What the fuck Punk fake Ball game. That's the punk Fake bro. So if we four, if we could break down this play, if you can just roll it back a little Bit. One more time. One more time Just to this part. So when he drives off this pick right here. Perfect. This wing, these two bigs number four was supposed to go further down.


Yes. And he supposed to get a double screen and then another screen for this guy coming off. He didn't go further enough to sell the play and the two bigs didn't screen at all. So the play was a play was done? Yeah. And then Right here four supposed to go deep enough. Them both. They both the bigs are screened for him then they doing a gate play for him and it was over with. But the big guy gotta run faster than that. Took the ball. Yeah. Yeah he missed the assignment. But at least Paul, if he could have tipped it back to him, they could have got a shot or a chance or something man. Yeah but you Gotta scream better right here. You gotta touch something then you gotta get the gate you got. He ain't scream nobody and then he didn't go after the ball. Man that is tough.


And that was the conclusion. But we gonna start from the top from this situation. National championship last night Florida got the win over Houston yesterday 65 to 63 Will Richard of the Gators went crazy, kept him in the game too. Especially in the first half. He was balling. He had finished the game with 18 and eight. Florida in the first half. Man he had 14 day 28. It was real ugly. Let's start there Mu, I know you watched the game. Everybody did. I was a little concerned about Houston's style of playing this game because they kept trapping the ball screens and You know that's their identity. Yeah but that kept floor in the game. They big's got all easy buckets. Yeah, nah that's that come with you gotta make adjustments bro. Mm. He had a game playing and he stuck to it. But I mean through the, through the, through the process of the game you gotta make adjustments bro.


They did get Walter Clayton wasn't scoring but he was hitting them bigs. Making them passes bro. And they was getting the easy buckets and they kept him, kept him in it. Most definitely. Yeah. Walter Clayton boy he, he stunk it up the first half. He did. We thought he was, he thought he was gonna draft King selling last night. Yeah he Did but he still had like six assists bro in the first half. He still did things to impact the game. He didn't shoot the ball well but he did other things. Most definitely to have your best player probably have his worst game of the season and the most important time and still get the dub that says a lot about Florida but man Or do it say a lot about how Houston played. Oh Yeah. Talk about It because y'all told me they were up 12 at one point and for you to be trapping the ball screens and being up 12, that mean y'all was active. Y'all had something going on.


And obviously, obviously you said the Florida bigs were scoring but they took them outta their rhythm while Clayton is that guy and he was out of that rhythm. He was probably playing bad in the first half. So y'all disrupted him a little bit but they couldn't score. Houston couldn't score the ball. They couldn't. They could not man the first half. I mean And we talked about it as a whole look they played very hard last night and that was a competitive game last night. Regardless of how you felt about who won, they was out there hustling. Now in the same token, they explained some bullshit basketball too bro. They shot some terrible threes bro. Daw Horrible shots Like not even looking coming off the string just jacking it up. I'm like bro y'all are up 12. Relax.


They played some terrible offense. They played great defense. We know they gonna do that but offensively that's where they lost their game bro. It's True. Yeah, we're looking at this right now. Three pointers. Six for 24 from Florida. 25% six for 25 from Houston. 24%. We talked about watching Clayton's first couple shots but they was all deep. Threes all heat checks and hit the side of the backboard other side of the rim. Yeah it was all clink shit. Yeah nah it looked like that Arkansas game. I forgot who they played when it was a slug Fest. Oh St. John's. It looked just like that game bro. Nobody can hit a shot. They out there diving on each other. Fouling the same game. 25% from three for both teams is crazy though. But that ain't nothing but nerves all Yeah Jesus. Y'all shot It was, it was shot selection too though.


Yeah. When you, when you get nervous or scared you, you shoot bad shots. Yeah. You know what I mean? I, I can't do nothing. I'm gonna just chuck this month. I yeah I don't know what to do. No, no. We talking about it. Mo how was your experience? Obviously it's a, it is a crazy stage to play on. We talk about the nervousness. We can't downplay that because I looked at it, I got nervous before it. I'm like the stage is bright, it's a lot of people in this building. A lot of expectation they playing on that platform. Yeah. How was that When you go out there and see the dome 'cause it's a football dome, you see all them people it do kind of make you be like, ah, I ain't been in front of this many people but once we start playing we was, I ain't gonna lie, it was easier for us 'cause we was up like 12 to 14 so we knew we was in control of the game. We was gonna win. I was watching that game yesterday.


It was like a one two point game. I'm like this gotta feel crazy 'cause they don't know what's about to happen. Right. We was prepared to win already for like the last six minutes. We like we up 14, 12, we know what's up but when you up one or two, that's a different feeling. And then that that chip I came can't imagine like trying to play in front of that many people but shooting in that in a dome like that. Yeah That perception's thrown off. It's Hard. It's hard to, 'cause all you see is people behind. Yeah back you can see everything. It ain't like a regular gym so it's, it's kind of hard. It's like playing outside or something. I could see why you was missing like that. Like when I think about it it was like damn I hit a big three. You did shit moving. You did. No but I could only imagine like even when we go to certain arenas and they bigger arenas like the Clippers arena was bigger.


Yeah. Staple centers, LA whatever. It was bigger and it was a little harder to shoot in there. Yeah. Especially when they had the lights on. Yeah. And it is weird 'cause it's like you really on a stage. Yeah you on a risers Bro. You on a bench, you under the court. So it's just weird when you up there you like I'm on top of everything kind of like it's crazy. Yeah. Yeah it is different like Vanderbilt but bigger with the like the outside with it too. And we understand why it's a money grab because realistically they should be playing in a basketball facility but it's too much alumni space in there. Yeah they gotta get the biggest menu possible. Yeah but we talk about it by the first half. It was a tell two halves man. The first half it was shaky back and forth but that second half I'm gonna shoot Houston some bail. Those refs those first five, six minutes. Yeah man they call like five to 6,000 in a row that they didn't call in the first half.


It was different officiating that second half for sure. And that definitely messed it up. And and that's gonna always hurt Houston because they gonna play aggressive. They gonna hit, that's how they play. Yeah. You look at it, it's a 20 to 10 foul discrepancy that's tough in the game. It's that that's scrappy for sure. Nine more fo I mean like you said they are aggressive teams so they definitely got it but man I felt bad for them 'cause that that took the momentum away. They up 12 Florida got a second win after that and then they start getting on transition getting easy buckets. Man the rest played a big part in this game though. But shout to Florida. They did they thing but but You gotta adjust bro. If you wanna win the game. I mean you see they, they tightening up on the whistle. Y'all gotta adjust. I know this how y'all play but if y'all wanna win, make a move. That's what it is man. I really wanted Kevin Simpson to get one man. I did too.


Yeah, He he can run that back man. Ah, I don't know who they got. Oh it a lot of them dudes, he 3,600 people in the portal Got some, he get some players. He got a five star coming in that's really good. He got a good recruiting class coming in but I think he at least hit the four again. It is hard to get back to that chip bro. Yeah it is hard. Look at it is hard but I'm, you got A good chance coach Kyle. He done had since then he done had way more talented teams he can get back. It's hard to get back to that chip bro. Yeah That There bro. You gotta get it done bro. I, I fell for him last night. He should have won that one bro of 12. We gotta pull that one out And man, think about this man. Flora was only ahead in this game for one minute and most one Minute bro.


Most important minute. I'm still, I know it was a disaster game. I'm still blaming dude at the end. I don't care what happened during the game bro. You smoked? Yeah Jello ball lost him the game and Then the big not hustling bro. At least dive on something Big dive on on Ball ever to tip it back bro. You Showed us fell. Yeah And then you ain't set no screens man bro That was crazy. And we supposed to set four in this weak ass play. He Didn't touch nobody. You Slipped all of 'em. I can't even show you this in Phil because it's over like damn bro. Hey You know what's funny? I thought about Y Y was talking about getting the ball off the court and the inbound situation when they got to watch with Clayton and, and he threw that Brett far as pass that was out bounds. Which should have been a travel. It was a travel bro. Yeah it was dragged his feet but I mean it's tough for the ref to call that bro.


Yeah, I ain't calling that either. Do your job man. You don't wanna be in that situation. That's a hell of A call to make dude your job. For sure. Man. That is crazy Miss shout out to them for getting the chip. I want to ask y'all this question you just talked about like getting back there is very, very hard. What do you think is harder to get a NBA championship or a NCAA national championship? I think co college might be a little harder because it's one game. It's like any given night you could just lose bro and it's over at least NBA. You know most of the time the best team gonna win 'cause you gotta beat 'em four times. That's tough to do. Yeah. Like beating a Celtics four times. That's, that's a tough task bro. The only thing I would say is probably harder about the NBA is that you don't get to pick your team.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Not really. I got what you saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like when you go to college you, I'm going there NBA you like damn they picked me. I'm going, I'm gonna, the Jazz like Cooper flag gonna get to pick where he want to go. So he gonna have to go to the jazz and be a jazz for 15 years and hopefully some people want to come play with him. Yeah. College you get to pick, Marcus got to pick to go to Kentucky with the gang and they win. Mm. Like that's the only difference. Yeah. Well yeah. I mean that win the start of it. The start of the career. Yes. But the end of it. Yeah bro. College bro. But I'm just saying if you could Cinderella teams bro.


Oh Yeah. Facts. It's real thing. That's a real thing And it's some bullshit really to me. Yeah, But it's, it can't happen bro. It's basketball. Somebody get hot. But it's, It's a part of the Sport though. If somebody get hot on you it's over. It is not like, it's not really like that no more now though with the NIL Yeah it's a little, it's a little more likely that the better teams are gonna get to the they should. That's like they taking all the good players from Yeah. Understood The Ciella facts. Yeah they going to d higher major to schools now. So Yeah. Speaking of NILI just wanna shout out Lilt Nigel. They just signed with Oklahoma. Go get that chicken man. Shout out. Y y Man. Keep it going man. Nah yeah, let's talk about it. Go Back Trade schools every year. Ah, Lee And who from Indiana is at Oklahoma.


Because I see the vibes. I'm, I'm rocking with it Both. They at where? Oklahoma. I just said 'em both Trey Davis. Yeah. He saying who? Like e Nigel put they getting a whole bunch of players. Yeah. Who, Who tapped into the Indiana because they this one and got some boys from that. They know the vibes. He be in Oklahoma Hoosiers if y'all wanted to be Trey Young, I seen him writing them. I said ah, he, he made the call? Yeah. Oh he wrote 'em? Yeah he made the Call. Oh yeah, it's locked in. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Shout out to Already spent. Okay. Shout out to Tray. What's happening into the home team? Hey my boy Nira had the NIL early. He was one of the first waves too. It keep driving. King Seen him in a lamb truck. I said oh he getting money. He got lamb Kansas State to Miami. Yeah, He getting bag up on your That's a hell of a, that's a hell of a place to switch up though.


Yeah. Leaving Miami. Leaving Miami to go move, move to Oklahoma. He He did it for the basketball bro. Yeah, it wasn't working. He needed, 'cause he wasn't hooping at Miami. He was hooping that K State. He need to go back to the country. Yeah, Them women look different in Oklahoma. So we gonna lock in now Without money. I'll bring a party to me. Okay. He can lead a land minute in Miami. He don't need that in Oklahoma. Just fly him too. Need You a Ford pickup. No, For sure. Oh y'all see Floyd went back to Kansas? Yeah the money got good again. I mean that's crazy. It made sense bro. You spent a year there, You know the, You know the, You know the culture bro. Run it back. You be all right If, if y'all a coach. Well y'all are, I'm saying a college coach and the kid hits the portal.


Are y'all welcoming him back if it don't work out for him in the portal? If he good, Nah, I'm here to win bro. If he good enough and he come back, it is what it is bro. I get it. It's a business bro. 'cause if I'm as a coach, if I got a chance to leave for a better deal I'm probably gonna think about it too. Nah, I'm like, I'm like oh buddy from St. John's Rick Pitino, you hit the portal with me, you're done. Cal said that too but I guarantee you if the right person hit the portal and wanna come back they gonna let him bro. That's why I said if Anthony Davis would've hit the portal and said matter of fact I wanna come back, Cal not gonna tell him no bro I'm nothing. Nah because you second guess me bro. So it a big whatever you want. All you have do is say whatever you wanted.


All you had to say was, I wanted the watch, I want to be here but I want another million dollars And I coulda worked it out. Now I got a Question for that. But Now you ain't get that million. You like hey coach, I still take that 800 you was gonna give. Yeah nah nigga now now it's only 400. So Now You gonna gimme a demotion. Yeah. I'm Still worth this 800 bro. Just 'cause I didn't want to stay here. You gonna cut my paper? Like what? Yeah, because now, now they ain't looking that green for you out there. You thought it was? Nah it wasn't that. I just realized this was the best situation for me. So I came back, I just test the waters. Yeah, to test the water. You shoulda test the draft. I'm test another school.


Hey I think, I think a cop And I said that How, how they head. I'm glad you said that bro. I said that like on what bro saying like if you test the draft, I'm cool with it. Yeah And you they say hey you not projected to go first round. Yeah bro. I told you but come on back my nigga. I love you. Yeah. Now if you trying to go to Marquette, you done turn them into the ops. I hate them And you. So y'all gotta figure it out Bro. Y y gonna have to work that Together. It's a million other colleges bro. Go get that 800 somewhere else. Now If you go to the op school, I feel you like you go to rival school. That's a wild Shit y'all. Y'all saying that until the people y'all receiving ain't better than that person, y'all gonna be like Oh is that the downside of the Move? I probably do need to get him back to Nah you wouldn't. You wasn't locked in like that. I probably get You was already, you was plotting on My down middle In the middle of year.


At some point in your head you said man I don't fuck with this. I can't wait to hit the portal bro. Every basketball player that said that at some point in the season, no I Don't fuck With this team. Look at Brave first week of practice. Brave Didn hit the portal. We had a kid tell us I don't like y'all bro. It happens bro. That's true. It happens bro. That's why he acted like that today. Nah, I just, He the reason I'm just saying if you look at people like it is a bunch of guys like the kid from Notre Dame, he average 23 game or whatever he was doing. Yeah. Immediately. He like, I know the coach to him was like, what You need to stay And he probably was like, hey just gimme an extra whatever it is and I'm locked in. It wasn't no, and he coulda hit the portal and probably got paid.


Yeah. But he like, I'm here, I'm locked in. I like that. But to have coach, I don't know. I don't know. Are you gonna be back yes or no? I don't know. I think I'm, I'm gonna try some stuff out nigga. Well go ahead bro. I get what you saying. I ain't got time for that bro. Now you got me here. Hear what you said dude. Is he on the team or not? Nah bro, just Go ahead bro. Now I ask you this question. If he comes to you and say all right I'm at 500 coach, I'm looking for eight. If you say I'm nothing and he gonna hit the portal, are you out of pocket for that? Because if you say hey, we all know if I go hey bro, if I need, hey bro let me test the water since you ain't fucking with It. Nah you negotiating. Nah. Okay, if I don't think you worth 800 for me, I'm gonna say oh you think you worth 800? Go ahead baby. Go get that eight tee Saying let me give me a chance to work something out for you before you sell on.


But That's what I'm saying. Now if I comes to you first it eight coach I met five, I'm looking for eight. Can We work it out? I'm, I'm, I respect that and if I say no yeah You know you not coming back because I ain't, you ain't worth eight to me so alright, but what if he come back and be like alright just gimme six. No I said you, You Whatever I offered you ain't worth eight butt worth when you negotiate, you going give him a number back like I want eight. He be like, well you more like at six 50 for us. And he like nah I ain't rocking with six 50. Okay, well bye. I'm saying if he go test the waters can he come back and be like can I still, can I get the six though or is it just over? No, so soon as you try leave it's over. Yeah because I, I offered you six 50. You wasn messing with you like I'm more, I'm more of a $800,000 kind of player.


Well my budget was six 50. It ain't going to ever go with the 800. They budget is 800. I had you our pulls. I seen what you play like you not 800,000 worthy to me if you was that I would've been like yeah that's what you need. We here Right. You see Notre Dame ain't like yeah you worth whatever we got for you we gonna make sure you keep it. See this the good in college sports now bro the coach don't got all the power. It's even now we're on the same playing field. Technically he do got the power kind of 'cause I can ruin your value anyway Because I can sit you, I can Sit you, hey you see what Rick Bar Is on? He said oh he's not playing like a million dollar player day. Yeah. Yeah I love it to me I love that bro. 'cause you gotta keep a fire lit under these kids bro.


Now you do. If you in the NBA and Shevin and Jeff told me this a long time ago, I ain't gonna name the player. You know what I mean? All y'all can hoop but to me they was outta pocket but they said bro he a first round pick lottery. I have to play him bro. Yeah it's I have to give him a chance bro in college nigga you just got some money. I ain't gotta do a motherfucking thing. That's a fact. So that's what bro said like I can really put you as the 12th man on this motherfucker And you won't 'cause coaches ain't really, they gonna ask about you but it's like shit we ain't about to give you a million just 'cause they gave you a million your sophomore year 'cause nigga you didn't play. Yeah So you, you damn near a high risk to take on. For real.


And that's interesting you say that to you 'cause this morning 10:00 AM Igor Deni has an announcement to see if he gonna go back to BYU or go to the NBA And I was like that's crazy that he's having a press release for this. Yeah I mean he's a lottery. I mean You know a top top pick in the draft like first round I should say. I don't know if he gonna be lottery, they gotta Project a lottery but I think, I think BYU trying to get the NIL rights to keep him next year with aj. I mean that wouldn't be a bad idea. I mean he probably worth about a couple million at BYU but I'm a, I don't even think he ready for the NBA though. I'm just keep it a lottery or go back to college. That don't even make sense though. I don't, I don't think he, You know how like he not from here so You know what I mean? I don't know if he like, I don't know if that was his focus like I'm about to go to the league.


He might be like yeah I was enjoying, You know what I mean? But I go to league. What he Go shit that boy from Russia, he was enjoying enjoying America. He go to BYU, he ain't enjoying nothing bro. Soak Him might be a little different bro. Go to the league bro. Wait till you get shit where they got protected going as any of them cities. Oh boy you gotta dos gonna lose your mind San Antonio. He gonna lock right in Right home. I really could see him getting drafted by San Antonio too. But if I was him I would go to the league just because next year it might not be the same results. You might not be that guy. Yeah I could see if it was end of the first he's lotto bro. You have to go to The league and AJ he Can hoop too AJ about we gotta use a different draft board too. 'cause I looked at this yesterday and Ian Jackson is definitely in the portal. I he's in a Portal.


I was about to Say that. I thought he, Ian Jackson's in the portal. Oh he ain't going to the league? Nah I don't think that's the vibes right now. He did have a good second half of the year. I think he Gonna work out for some teams this see and then Ah he say he in the transfer portal not draft and portal said he transport transfer then I'm trying to test the waters and transfer. He ain't say that. No we didn't see that part. Obviously we'll get some more updates about so far all we've seen is that he's just in the portal. I just, Ian I rock with you. It is not 'cause I'm a UNC fan but unless it was some other stuff going on bro. I feel like you should have stayed. Nah, you don't see his trash Get the fuck away from there bro. Nah but it's About to be his. Yeah. Nah bro. He should have dude gone. Yeah I told Him he shouldn't have never went there bro. He should have been at like St.


John's bro. Yes bro. He he is coast. He woulda like St. John's. Yeah he he's coast. He from New York. Nah he's pure in New York. Throw through. Yeah he New York supposed to go somewhere that they understand you like North Carolina a pretty school like he grimy you see hair dirty like I don't care. I'm ready to go like I'm grimy. They too cute at North Carolina. One thing about Rick Patino, he make you play defense but he don't care what you doing offense. Nah, because you come and that's, that's him Go Who Be a nut. That's him crazy. He should have been at St. John's bro. And you see All he got, all Eno got is all shooters. So yeah bro go there Even like it talks about potentially Arkansas. Hell yeah. Yeah you get them high ball screens you can just go shoot whenever you want to.


Nah nah he ain't gonna be missing them layups. They was missing a tournament. Yeah He he grimy he need to go somewhere else. Grimy Carolina too like it just sounded good system and pretty and run the lane and it Ain't one done school one to North Carolina just sounds good 'cause it's North Carolina. I never liked players. I didn't either. I never wanted to go there. I never liked North Carolina. The colors was fire but Damn they shouldn't know your scoot. Nah, I like Get It. Nah, I'm let niggas breathe. I get it bro. As a fan of North Carolina all that. It sounds good. Wasn't I wasn't even a fan it was more like Jordan. Yeah like you just wonder where the Jordans, the colors was fire like but if you go look at people that go play at Carolina, they, I wasn't no Carolina type of guy. No. Like I ain't running a lane And I ain't no Wayne Ellington type of dude.


No straight to Wayne Ellington but shout out To my boy Young Marshall Wayne Ellington. Yeah. Four four. Y'all Personal description of type of players y'all are I I agree. Neither one of you and People. Yeah, yeah. Don't fit their culture. Y'all Are, I Don't, I don't fit their culture. I'm not a Gump. Nah y'all, y'all are, You know African American college players. Yeah. You said an HBCU player? I was an A, B, C music type of Yeah they Are Grambling Howard Southern like when I used to watch like, like Vince Carter and them was cold. All 'em teams, they had great players but I used to look at 'em and be like, yeah I, that is, that's the system. I couldn't be coaching like Duke smacking the ground.


I could never Yeah when I, they would, I would've messed Duke up. I see y'all My first nigga. I see y'all Yukon over UC. Yeah I was a, I was a Yukon type of guy. Yeah we both, both of y'all for sure. We ain't wearing none of the team shoes. They had me believing I was going to Yukon since I was 10. Yeah, they was UConn not for real. Yeah. Yeah. That would've been one of your top schools bro. That's Where I always wanted to go. They put it, they had that in my brain bro from day one. Oh wow. To Real Outside of, outside of obviously Kentucky. What schools did you think of? I know you heard it said a little bit about Cincinnati. Was there another school that kind of got you? Because I know everybody recruits you. Nah, I wanted to go to Cincinnati and then Kentucky. That's it. Yeah. Damn.


Yeah. Yeah. You've been far. Yeah. Either One of y'all get a UNC offer. I did. He did. Okay. I ain't, I ain't pay no attention. That's Crazy. I mean I didn't, I respect it bro. Nah for sure. And then our favorite Chad Becker Mazar Auburn. He says he running back at Auburn as he going somewhere else. Man. Boy go home. That boy 30 years old. I'm tired. He my least favorite college player. I'm Tired of him because this is what I'm talking about. What? I'm not saying this to him but y'all want my old buddy master, He about Tovo for him. Why not? If y'all want him to play at least he can hoop bro. Yeah, From New Orleans came and hoop. He didn't average 21 to 15 But he played on that stage already bro.


Tell me where he started school at. Let me see. He played on the stage bro. He went to Duane. Hold on. He went to go that's right there DR two. He went to that school. That 20 for the Duke Kane. Yeah San Diego State then he was San Diego State era Northwest Northwestern what? Northwest Florida State College? Yeah he Went, that's where he started out at. He probably was 30 there. That's where he started at Northwest. Alright. He started at Northwest then went to San Diego State, duke Kane. And now he had Auburn. That's too many schools bro. And he 25 get you another year And You hating on my nigga that sat out 12 years. All I'm saying is and came in average 21 and 15 bro. Why did you sit out for 10? Get you wrong man. You retired. What's his stat?


Right? It's Your fault. What's Chad? What is his sta? There's 15 I'm it's quiet. 12 bro. 12. How tall is he? 6 7 6 7. Oh out of pocket three rebounds ineligible bro. He's a shooter. Hit the glass bro. Who? Who win the ones between him and Jamal Gibson. Oh He Jamal killed him bro killed Jamal Gibson bro. Cab I'm asleep. Jamal Gibon, Jamal Gibson. J all the way back 14 To eight Bro I need a jersey. I Respect his story. Jeral Gibson 14 to eight bro. I'm averaging 21 to 15. I'm not to And I never hoop With face tests bro. No way. Be careful bro. That's the whole world. No, no I Don't see no other hoopers with face tests.


Not One. I'm different bro. ESPN picture it don't matter bro. We ain't gotta new one yet. YouTube picture bro. Who we saw his highlights bro. They was asking Malcolm shot that shit bro. Terrible bro. On his iPhone bro. He shoulda That tape Better Was DMing me like you tell Mo he better chill out. So I'm, I'm trying lightly because brussel like he, he He get active bro. I Get it bro. That's problem. He Ain't trying to change his life or something so I love Respect. I Respect his story bro. I do. He's talking Basketball bro. For sure. Bringing it back to the game. Todd Golden, the coach of the Gator's youngest coach who win the chip since Jimmy Baldo at 39.


It was, I was looking at the stats yesterday. He's 39 and then Kelvin was 69. I'm like damn. Yeah it is amazing that Kelvin's still going at 69 pulls but like that's a wild, that's a wild age. That's a good Number. That's that's A wild age. Ricky Kel Put that on the headband. You know It's really like a young man sport 'cause you can relate more to the kids. Like I'm, I'm happy I'm, You know, happy for him that he's able to adapt to these environments with the NIL and paying kids. 'cause he grew up in an era where like I seen an interview with him. He was talking about I grew, I was born in 55, I remember segregation and stuff like that. He like yeah damn like you are old as shit. Seen some shit. He was A slave.


You old as shit. That old Damn Slaves crazy. That nigga slave close bro. But to say that it is like He grew up with Jesse. Oh he definitely grew up with them. But to say that at that point Ran too many games back in The day. Nah hell Now you won't fucking with them. You won't fuck with them. My Bad like you call coach he old too bro. The girls. Oh yeah Gino. Gino He's old. But to see them adapt to the environment where they gotta pay kids and they like doing it at a high level. It's kind of cool 'cause most people don't adapt well to it. Like you see Coach K like up I'm out Straight up. Who else left Roy Williams? That shit was hard for Mike Wilson even though he never college, college basketball. But that old school way just ain't it bro. Nah.


And his old school plays one that he was still posting up every other play. Yeah. What's Leonard Hamilton remember they had an allegations Said I ain't Getting paid. He said You know what y'all got this Shit. Yeah I couldn't even pay you B from Miami too. Jay Lil Naga. Yeah he quit like he was sick of them niggas though. He Said I'm paying you and y'all sad. He was sick of I'm paying he sad motherfucker. I Had better teams at George Mason. Man he was popping his shit. Yeah, that's real talk though. He said I'm going home bro. I can't not remember. I remember me and bro talking about that. I said bro he's sick of this. He's like, I gotta pay y'all. I'm going home. It's too much pressure. Y'all not good. Remember Mick Kronner, he was spit up. He said hey y'all weak can sell. Yeah he said soft throw his People under a bus bro.


Coaches And era. He said y'all soft. I'm the only one that's motivated. I have the most energy. I hate this program. He definitely hit him. But I hate this church Bro. Same thing do for Maryland. That was a coach of Villanova now. Oh yeah. He said we don't have any resources, we don't have any money. Damn. I'm ready to get the fuck on. He said I can't stay an Extra night in New York. I'm leaving. I can't do this. He trying to get so shaken out there. I feeling though not even get so shaken but like dang we gotta go right home. I'm with my kids on Christmas bro. The team is out here. They game even with they family. Hey That is crazy. You tell we try to stand under they seat And We can't afford that one because swipe your own card's crazy.


That's what Mike do to us. Extra y first class he hit you with a side text. He don't do that with me yo. He'll do that with I be Beyonce, I'm not going shit. I got you 500. You know how much money I helped bring to the small I'm, it's all over the world. I'm not going bro. I feel you Coach. Coach. Hey I watched the Milli Vanilli documentary yesterday And I was cracking up. It was just like they, I got all these records And I gotta fly Coach. I think game is game.


Hey That's they deserve to fly Coach. They would singing they records. Hey they top five punk face of all time bro. Some Of the biggest cap I've ever seen in my life. But Why did they want them to sing the records? They was, they look weird Bro. They was getting holes bro. They was getting the holes on the beach bro. Well make it funnier is they was like, no we gonna sing our shit And they were everybody's like nigga, no y'all Can't sing.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Best instantly take it to the rack with Draftking sports book where every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets. And you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino when resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal And I'm teaming up with the king of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons First Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly a bere and enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami AP Perillo enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports music and fitness collide And we cover it all. The arriva as sit down with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Humate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It all Changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know you're not Latina enough. First of All, what does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah, history makers like the ska family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It Was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step. Not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. This is Dove Dynasty. The Dubs dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast


Man. Let's get to some NBA action man. For sure man. Shout out to the kids. Went crazy yesterday. Lavina der combined for 80 took care of the Pistons yesterday. 1 27 to one 17. Zach Levine, half 43. He had 16 in the row. Man wrote that clip please man. Jack Lavin been going crazy like you said Mo on a on a back to back killing him bro. Just bought out before Killing bro. He's a bucket. Yeah He is. Are the Kings? Are Kings making a, making some noise? Have they found the recipe for they team? Yeah, they just said let's just play out the Bulls but in the West Let's give Zach Levine the ball. Watch Out. Let Zach Levine and DeMar Rose shoot every time we all right. Yeah Like do we just build our team around them and like I mean what more are y'all gonna do?


Why not? I mean 'cause you still got Malik Monk and all these guys. Saboni. Yeah, Malik Monk was was a hire for D Fox. He's gonna probably be up outta there next year And I like him League Monk. I love His Game. Yeah it one of my favorite college players of all time actually. But it's, it's a little different. We look at it where it is right now. Hey man, we talked about it yesterday. I don't know if the Grizzlies wanna see two people like that. 'cause I don't think the Grizzlies got two players who can get 80. Obviously them two can and they still Got some bonus. Come On bro. I like the Kings over the grizzlies. I ain't gonna lie. That's a tough, that's a tough, tough spot. But like we said with the game yesterday, the Rosen had 37 to four. Sooni had 19, 15 and 10 with a trippy. W yesterday K bought out as usual with 35 and five. But man three straight games in a row.


They got a chance to win that playing game for sure man. Yeah They, they starting to catch a stride at the right time. Yeah like when you catch a team when they hot and the grizzly going through a little turmoil, that's not a good matchup right now. I'll tell you right now, if the Kings beat the GI mean beat the Grizzlies in the play in. Yeah there's some people on that team that won't be there next year and either it'll be Triple J or Ja Nah it's gonna be DB or they going, they can't let Triple J and Ja leave the city would be, it's already a shaky basketball city. Yeah like if we being real, they got good fans and good support. Memphis is a cool place to play. Like if you go to the games, the crowd is great but if you let both of like one of them go especially Ja.


Nah bro, ain't nobody going to them games. Somebody I love to get Desmond Bang boy boy wouldn't they and He be hooping too a lot when Jas been injured a lot and he's always helped carry the shit for sure man it always been wins but he held it down Marvin Bagley on anything. I was about to say that they got Marvin Bagley. Yeah. What happened to, what do Gigi Jackson he doing? He Hurt. He just came back outta the G League. I don't know what's going on with him but yeah Where's Con car He be playing, he was like when I was scouting he was like one of the most sought after players. I played with him. I think he got traded. Yeah, I was gonna say he was always somebody who was always that was looking to have as a added piece in the trade for sure. He was always respectful Him. He was super sought after like people like we can get him. I'm like him that motherfucker like he sell insurance.


This dude man, I ain't know what about to say. So was definitely one he knew Though. He like have you seen him before You do He sell Shit I thought about to say he owned like a Jordan Fish and chicken or something And I like damn that makes sense. Nah, him and Shammy bro. First team all corner store for sure. Yeah. Yeah. He ain't get no ticket yesterday. Yeah he Hot season bro. It's so bad. When he got drafted, I mean some, one of the kids got drafted on their team. I don't even know which one it was. But he went up to him in the store and was like, what's up man? Like talking to him. He thought he was a fan like yeah what's good bro? He knew he was on the squad. Yeah. He like yeah what up man? Yeah, he dude Con Car dude was like recording. His girl was recording it. The interaction dude thought he was a fan so he seen him at the gym next next day.


I said bro you hoop here Now you got me fucked up. You hoop here. I been employed here before you are bro. Shout me some Respect. Actually I'm on an $8 million jail. Like That's crazy but shout to the Kings for head of the business Pistons. Listen, y'all been talking y'all shit all year. It's not looking bright right now man. Y'all first round matchup looking like y'all could lose either way. I y'all definitely don't want the Knicks. Yeah they, they don't want the Knicks. I'm comfortable with them playing the Knicks though. I feel like this a good year for the Pistons no matter what bro. Oh Yeah. Great year. They made the Playoffs big turnaround 40 win season compared to what they did last year. Facts Came became a star.


They came dropped to that seven seed though. I mean mean they probably won't but That's sweet. Damn. It's cool playing the Knicks. I ain't tripping man. I don't care who it is. They don't wanna play the Bucks right now. Giannis done figured it out. Y'all Giannis is locked in. I don't think y'all wanna play them. So do we like this Giannis better without D? Ooh No I never, I Damien Lily, I'm gonna go out on record so he's like literally my favorite point guard NB. Yeah. He is cold. No knock today. I'm just saying Giannis is playing real well. Playing real. He just to do everything playing. He just get to do everything. That's how Giannis really wanna play. He just say, You know how some people like I need help. Yeah, nah, he really don't want help him and he just want good quality players around him.


He don't want a star around him. Him and Joke are kind of the same bro. They could just do everything. Yeah, But I'm tell you right now, if Joker had a Damien Lil, he would be very happy because He, he's, he know how to play like he, he a little more, He's more of a team player. Yeah. To say that's just cool. Yeah, he He, he cool with 2010. 10. Yeah. Giannis will take forty, ten five Like, You know what I mean? Like Joker doing this 'cause he has to, if he didn't have to, he'd be cool. I'll take 23. He don't even wanna win MVP bro. Yeah, he, he already won a chip. He's what do else do y'all want me to do in this league bro? But I really be killing bro. I don't, I don't have another say to y'all bro. I don't see him playing 20 years in the NB But I hope Damien will play 'cause Damien literally he is literally my favorite point guard to watch.


Not a fact like I love Steph, I love Kyrie but I just like watching Dame play. No for sure. One of the best to do it man. We haven't heard any updates but I hope he is doing well. No blood clots. He's very, very serious. Yeah, outside of basketball alone. Just for general health for sure. So we'll be looking out for that as well. But moving on, the heat took care of the seven six yesterday 1 17 1 0 5. Our guy went crazy yesterday. Quinn Grimes 29, 8 and six. He always gonna kill. He is the one. Yeah bro, not the two. Yeah we don't, matter of fact, bill Philly around Quinn Grimes let's go. Damn. Nah, he really is better. I'm whiling but he really is better than Paul George right now.


I'm not bro. He's a better player than Paul George. Right bro. I'm never ever gonna say he never you. I'm not saying that right now. Playing better than Paul. Let's go right now. I swear to God, when Paul George was playing he could not get 43. We was, we used to. It was games beginning to be like bro everybody's sitting out PG you gotta go for 30 am I not lying? You Not lying though bro because you, you're telling the truth with that. Okay but you are putting too much smut on pg name bro. It Ain't no smut. 'cause we know PG is a hall of famer. I'm talking about right now. Current Paul George, not Paul George with the pace. If Paul George was healthy, the clip, listen, if Paul George was healthy and and body feeling good to play, cool Grime.


I thought that was Jared Allen at first. You a killer bro. But it's quiet. It's quiet. You don't do nothing better than Paul George. Bro. Right now he moving. Paul George don't move. He oh, Paul George 35. He 35 Probably Bro. Palo Tom catch up with you. I'm not hating on pg. Pg. You not hating on him bro. I'm talking about right now is killing right now. Quentin Ground for 25. Hey, what's crazy is How 24? I'm not going bro, Bro, y'all Wild. Hey now go to the stats again. This is funny. Obviously they're all losses at his last five games. 29, 28, 24, 26 15. Let's go for that check. See Mama about killing right now is it's no pressure.


They don't, they know they're not gonna win so he just go out there and shoot. This is my whole point whoever you want. It wasn't no pressure on Paul George was playing. They they, they've been asked, been asked a whole year but they still been saying it like we've been asked the whole year. Right now they, they is but Paul George playing just make them feel like we should at least be close or win again. No bro, he was getting, they feel like he was getting eight points bro. It was moments where we like Kelly re is better than Paul George. Hey on me was balling Jerry McCain is hooping. Paul George gotta help Jared McCain. He's not giving Jared. No, I was saying same shit. You right. Yeah. I'm just saying Paul George being on the court, his name alone just make people feel better. You know it ain't, we gotta be okay. Yeah his name but I'm saying his play right now and he was hurt. Whatever it was, he had injury earlier.


So I'm just saying this year alone, Quintin Grime's better than Paul. He's playing better than him. Let me ask Y'all this question, but I'm not saying he's a better, we Gotta put some emphasis into, But that's, I'm talking about this year we look Paul George with the Pacers. He No bro I'm famer. I'm just saying if Paul George was healthy, seriously If he was healthy, I wouldn't give a good damn what Quinn Grimes did bro. You not better than me fam. And that's okay. But We would not disrespect the best two guard in NA right now Bro. Let's open, let's go to their guards right Now. You got next year they got make decision. You got Jeremy McCain, you got Quentin Gros, Tyrese Maxi, pg. You starting obviously starting Tyree Maxey you gonna start pg but I'm taking Kelly Berg out the lineup.


Let's click kg. I wish y'all said, I mean hey pay him 500 million. You gonna start, I'm gonna start him over Quin gr over Kelly Ure. For real. All Kelly Uey just You know six minutes. Oh George play the three. Yep and then I'm going with, I have to find me a four. Whoever they four is. I don't even know NFMB ever play basketball game. Nah, seriously. I don't know if he gonna Play. What's crazy is shout out Toloni Walker man back in the league for sure. He had a hell of a journey this year. He had 29 yesterday. Dunker Robinson had 21. Your favorite white boy Tallah Hero had 20 And we ball out with 19 and 17. Man the heat playing a little bit better right now.


Can I make any noise? Let's see where they stand right now. Who? They were 10. So they be playing the magic. Oh yeah that might be belt to ass for sure. I'll take the heat. But back to they Could win on my mama. Yeah they could. But back to what we were saying about Quinn Grimes like this is some real shit. He was, he always been a quality player. Yeah. Nah he has, he always been like solid. He just never got a chance to do this shit. He's a good player bro. He real, he is is a real good player And I think this is gonna spark him to be something else. 'cause when you get a chance to, when you feel like I can score every night. Yeah your confidence go to a different level. Like to use myself as an example And we played in the lockout year And we played them three games in a row and people wasn't playing this shit.


It just was confidence builder for me. Like damn boys really ain't like that. I get to shoot if I get to shoot 10 times a game. I'm like aight now he's seen it. Yeah And you can't, you can't, you can't really men now I seen it. So who was He like Spencer N Whitty? Nah, he like a real two guard. Like Spencer Denwoody was a combo. He like I really get buckets like if you go look back at him like in high school and stuff. Yeah he to McDonald's and all that. He went to Kansas first. Like I really get 30 a game. I ain't gonna lie. I watched the game against the he he really is killing like it looked good. Like he's hooping. He's Hooping. I mean which is crazy 'cause due to injury, Philly is a sad team but shit he goes to another like sad team and get paid and go ball out.


Like go be that two option on no team. Look at all the bottom feeder teams in the NB. Nah he should. He should go to, he should stay in Philly and Philly should play him and Paul George McCain should be back up. Kelly Uber should be a backup. They got it is. He's showing you I'm good And we know he can play winning basketball 'cause he, he played on some good teams In Dallas. Nicks for sure And I can guard like I ain't bad on defense. I like him man. I do so I like him too. I wouldn't never say I ain't like him just, we just Gotta draw the line. That's it my nigga. That's All. Shout out to the best two guard NBA man Quinn, Grimes Nick nurse. It's his job on the line. Yes. Get Nick Out here one mug. Nah he he built a bad hand this year.


Yeah I agree. Like I can't put too much more on him 'cause But what do you do? I bring Bring Mark Jackson in man I'll take Taylor Jenkins for Philly job over and Nick right now I'm surprised That Taylor Jigs ain't got a job now. I like that. I know we gonna hear some backend conversation soon but I'm surprised he ain't an agreement with somebody bro. 'cause Yeah it's either he need to go there. I don't know what they doing in San Antonio. Mm. I don't know if pop coming back or whatever it is so I'm gonna just leave that alone but I could see him there. Chicago mm San Antonio without Pop is crazy. Yeah, yeah don't sound right. That's Crazy. I mean shit we look at the tournament it was kind of hard not even hearing much from Dick Patel like it is just unfortunate it's time like he be Brown retired should change him de guards man.


He be Brown was the best man. The Goat bro learned a lot of basketball but from Hebe Brown bro, one of the best to do it. Super Chad ask am I tripping if I say KW or KD right now in all time? Yes. Yeah you tripping but he's smoking good dope. Yeah and kws one of the best but that's Kevin Durant. No Disrespect, there's nobody that's small forward that's more talented than Kevin Durra besides LeBron. If you, I don't know what you put LeBron as. Yeah, yeah we got ride with KD. Yeah but K Quad's a champion man. Yeah I don't that champion shit don't really mean nothing. I'm a champion. Fuck that mean you a champion. Shit that's bad. What you mean what? What whatcha talking about? Shit, shit mean a lot. Gimme individual accolades. YouTube what? Whatever we streaming on when I talk about winning and it don't mean nothing it You know I'm talking be Here Ain't play y don't know race banner and do all that dumb ass Shit.


I've never said that but This stick here. No y'all said I'll go all the way back bro. They only won seven games bro. How can we make this nigga an awesome No no I'm talking about championships. I'm saying you gotta be, you have to be a game that Matters bro. No you have to be a contender like you can't Quentin Grimes averaging 25 on a side team really don't matter. I'm just talking shit. But I'm saying Kawa Leonard bro is a big focal point of the championships in both teams that he won for. So you can't say it don't mean that KD got, I'm saying KD got rings too but what I'm saying is You know I think KAWS more meaningful. I y'all know how I feel about KD, KD all these. I agree that I agree but Kaw Leonard championships, were I more meaningful than kds?


Were they, I mean he got a ring, he was one Toronto, He didn't a championship with Toronto though Never win again. One the league is far, I pull up one year get a ring. I know circumstances I used the same team as DeMar de Rose now he been trying to win with for 12 years. Yeah but And I go here one season, put the context out there, put the context injuries, people had injuries that is far. But you also didn't run into LeBron James. True DeMar de Rose and them would've made to the finals five years in a row. They just kept running into LeBron. That's a fact. So like we would've made the finals. We ain't run until LeBron but I won bro. And I don't know if they would've beat that West Coast team if they would've made it If everybody was hurt. If Katie turns his Achilles. Oh they got swept but they all got hurt so he won.


I I'm not, I shouldn't say I wish but if that's scenario was our team, that's exactly Steph Curry is the only one playing. We win the game. KD hurt Clay Thompson hurt. We win. If they had the whole team, the Raptors would've got sweat 40 but it didn't happen so I'm gonna, I'm saying like when it come to this of greatness. Okay nah I feel like when you better yeah when you greatness I don't give a damn about your, I need your individual accolades like respect. You see D Wade try to say the championship with James Harden and stuff. It's like yeah I get it but y'all so high on the podium. Yeah and he like I sacrificed my greatness for shouldn't have did that championships shouldn't have did bro.


I mean Ain't nobody fault Choice. Yeah that's what I said. You shouldn't have did that shoulda You Something. Don't cry about it now though. I could have average 40. Well we don't know Right. He did average 40, You know what I mean? We don't know we we seen your abilities but we just don't know. Yeah and championships is cool And you get to celebrate 'em but once you done playing, who really remembers but you and your guys. Yeah. Yeah like don't nobody know like who won the championship in 1987 D Wade gotta understand that. We think oh that's Where I was born bro. I was asleep. Yeah Like I don't give a damn You said a Lakers right? Lakers I don't care like d we know cold, I don't care. You know what I'm Saying? Everybody we know you don't. Yeah Like I don't care but if you tell Mers but if you tell me Magic Johnson was cold all a say.


Yeah magic was he Trying to shoot a trivia question? I'm just saying who care? Like who wanted to find with oh one? Who was the champ? Likers? I don't know. No it was a Spurs. See What I'm saying? It was a likers. It was a likers shit. But do care That was a spur right? Yeah But who do you care? 98 Bulls 99. Who Sha here Shaq 99. That was definitely the San Antonio Spur was Duncan was 34. His rookie season killing niggas now I remember that for sure. But Do Y'all Dunking was whooping shit but Do y'all care? No. Unless you're a fan. No, no. Tim Duncan Row entered the league rookie year. He was the oldest nigga damn there in the NBA rookie season bro. And killed Niggas who won the oh 7 99. I remember that for sure.


Oh seven was Spurs bro. He was a normal fan and went back to school called it got they cold. He was a four year player bro. It Was number one pick all four years. Went back to School. That's why they said Cooper Flag. Think about it, Speak To He is the number one pick all four years. You know crazy. Hey wait me shout out to Wade man but shout out of pocket for even asking him to come back because y'all ain't put no banners over him in there for y'all to be wasting his time like that bro. Nah, he wanted to come back. Yeah he told his mom. His mom said he couldn't go to the NBA until he graduated And Rick Patino On TB D got the Madres now. Well shit different. Oh He looking different out here. Him and RRG three Flock of that nigga respect Tim Dunking.


Man I I rock with Timmy. Respect Dick Timmy man Probably the best power forward of all time Is He really? Probably one of the best like top five players of all time but yeah he just ain't loud bro. Yeah for sure. He really like people will never say it but he like better than Kevin Garnet. I'm not mad at that But people never say that because we love Ticket personality. Yeah The show his game was probably a little bit more relatable. Yeah, big. It was flat it was like exciting. Yeah. Scream dunk Tim Knuckle legit Bus your ass And you. Yes bro. Off the glass bro. Mid East and he rocked with different teams damn near every year. Alright let's, let's see his top three right here. Let's see how y'all feel.


Kg Dirk Tim Ducking. I'm taking Tim number One. Yeah I'm taking Tim too now. Who You taking it after that Kg? Yeah Then I'll take Dirk who I'm not mad at either conversation but Dirk Closer to KG than people wanna believe bro. Dirk It's very close. Oh I'm not saying these is all Hall of Fame. Yeah, first ball hall of Famers Stars generational talents that we talking about. He probably got the best finals run Dirk. He had to smack a lot of good teams in the west to get that chip. It Is him and Kaw with the best finals run. I ain't mad at that. Hell no. KA didn't play no body in the finals man. KA Hawaii put on a show though. He pulled up to a city that wasn't his bro got dipped out bro.


That Elite Anthony Davis. Mike saying Anthony Davis, he ain't up up there top. He ain't up there yet. Top three he far away from Neil Anthony Davis behind Charles Bark. He far from now he behind Kevin. Kevin right there the first one I seen Behind Car Malone. He way behind Car Malone. Chris we up there but a KKG was like the first big man that I saw play PG Anthony Davis better than Chris Web And he led his team to towards Chicago finals For that's respect. Damn Kevin Garnett is tough for me man. He had some shitty, shitty squads bro. Yeah he still hoop KG cold though but Man Kg was that nigga bro. They Cold. Kevin Love up there. Shout to Kevin. Love who better?


Kevin Love with Powersol man I don't care about either one of them. I'm taking KK Love Minnesota was trifling killer. I'm gonna take powder salt. That's just for the chat man. Lemme know who y'all feeling in that but let's go to tonight's games for sure. Grizzlies at Hornets. Hornets damn Grizzlies man. Gang. Gang in this business. Alright I'll go Grizzlies Bulls at CVEs. Bulls. Bulls bro. I'm tired of Kobe White. Toms bro. He's retired of calves. Yeah, bulls tired of the nineties. Wizards at Pacers. Wizards. That's Fucking crazy. Pacers. That's nuts. Hawks at Magic. Hawks Magic. I'm going with Magic Pelicans at Nets.


No Nets. I'm rocking with the pills. Go to dinner Celtics at Nicks Celtics. Celtics. Okay, I'm gonna go Nicks tonight. T Wolves at Bucks. Bucks T Wolves. Come on T Wolves do what you supposed to tonight. Lakers at Thunder And we on playback with it. Tap in, play back. We live for the game. Might have a special guest. You never know Lakers. Lakers double up in a week. Thunder they Not. TJ sound like a party promoter might have a special guest niggas us to put up niggas and shit. Our special game is y'all told me to average enthusiasm Now you The club Nights the same bitch from last week.


That's go dj. A legend bro. My man that just, I had a little trauma bro. My bad. You be seeing girls in the fly, they ain't never in the club for sure bro. We gonna play back with it. But Warriors as sons, warriors. Warriors, bro. It just Spurs act. Clippers, Spurs, Clippers. Oh you going Spurs? Yeah, I'm rocking out bro. All right, go crazy Castle.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the king of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need, this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Draft to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get Your podcast.


I'm Camila Ramon Pelotons first Spanish speaking, cycling and tread instructor. I'm an athlete entrepreneur and almost most importantly a Perro enthusiast. And I'm Liz Ortiz, former pro soccer player and Olympian and like Kami AEO enthusiast. Come on. Who is it? Our podcast Asho is where sports music and fitness collide And we cover it all the sit downs with real game changers in the sports world like Miami Dolphins, CMO, Priscilla Humate, who is redefining what it means to be a Latina leader. It All changed. When I had this guy come to me, he said to me, You know you are not Latina enough. First of All, what does that mean? My mouth Is wide open. Yeah, history makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It Was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Israel Gutierrez And I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I Just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step, not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It is Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share and believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm vibing. Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Verified Buckets. B Hill was getting to it yesterday. I'm gonna Give it Zach Levine, man. 43, 4 3. I'm rocking man. For sure. T who you got? I'm gonna go with, I'm gonna go with Florida. Okay. They won a national championship, man. Shout out to Big Al Horford. My guy Joe Keen. I know they went up last night. Woo. For sure man. Shout out to Florida Mo. Who? You got The Rosen on the back to back with 37. Killer og Still doing it. One of the best to ever score the ball. I'm gonna still show some love to K man. He had 35 and last but certainly not least Mans bonus had 1915 to 10. Hell of a triple double RB hen. Who needs some encouragement this Tuesday morning? Whoever Francis dunk though man.


Roll the tape. Ah y'all. Who was friends? My boy from Houston. They should have ran this play bro. A big black kid. Hey Yeah, that's crazy. Hey I can say that bro. I'm a black bro So old girl talking about usc. This is a BET National Championship. That's crazy. That was crazy shit. That shit was funny though. It's definitely BET versus MTV right here. Hey dunk his ass. I like how he ain't get hype. He just ran back like get back on defense bro. I supposed to dunk on people. Yeah, Dunk his ass for sure.


Alright man. Wrote the next clip. Khalil Wear caught a body last night. Hey little quick Putback, that's the dude Ade that we fucked up his name. That's who a dunked on. He been catching some tough breaks last week. Lil where Tom? Who is he? He be playing good Though. Yeah, he is. What's his name? Where? Stop. I had, I don't know. Y'all still don't know it. That's why his last name is dumb. That's all seen in the back of that jersey. We don't care, Mike, Shout to him respect though And just Get Well Soon to the Houston Cougars. Man. Y'all didn't get a shot off. Yeah, Adeem Bon. Here we go. Y'all ain't get a shot off in the for the last play, man, it's tough to go out like that but y'all had a hell of a season Coach Sampson.


You know you always my dog for life, but Get Well Soon. Yeah man, that last possession first you get to turn over off the need to go out of bounds and then you get the last best with not a shot attempt to win. That is wicked. Get Well Soon to the Houston Cougars man. For sure. But listen man, before we get outta here, tap into the Patreon man. Off the what? Off the court. I see the boys working out man. You can see Freaky Mike doing his TA ball on there. Me hands back in the gym to his face Joe button. Tap into the Patreon. We live with it. Listen, we appreciate y'all, we'll be back same time tomorrow morning, five 20 In The Morning. The Volume. What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah.


He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to Forties and Free Agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez And I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions Today. The Warriors Dynasty remains a alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Rushmore, come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together.


Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.