
Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with a yoga PC from Lenovo. Your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced. Yoga. PCs from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet, yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create because at Lenovo we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you in every step of your creative journey. So check out Lenovo dot com slash yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey you guys, I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season, I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Leg, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday's, five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Hendrick. To my right, my brother Teague. Fellas, good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening bro? Good late start man. So all type of accidents boys can't drive in Indianapolis. Yeah man, Bro. Wild west boy out here. Motherfuckers getting sick. Freaky Mike. Getting people sick. It's dangerous on our roads. It's vicious out here Man. We blame the freaky mike for the roads too. Well you, it just starts. It starts at home. It home. Even in your home too. Yeah.


Everybody on the east coast right now. Be safe. It is wicked as hell outside. Shout out to everybody in aviation, all the people who are in planes, around planes, airports, special press, y'all. It is wicked out there too. Shit. Just crazy all over the place with show man. Listen, we gonna have a little bit of fun today man. We're gonna give out some midseason awards, but I wanna ask y'all a couple questions about some recent things that took place. SGA pretty much got rid of his representation for this summer because that super max is on the way. Is that a smart move? Yes. Yes. I'm, I'm all for not giving people money that don't deserve it. Yeah, he's an advocate for sure. Yeah. I mean you a max player, you can go in that office and say I want the supermax. All you need is a lawyer to look over the contract, pay him his five to 10 K and you grin.


Yeah, because what he, you had to get that age in like 40 M or some shit like that. Yeah, hell nah. You Be getting probably 2% of whatever his supermax is. So his agent be, I imagine that his supermax probably now is probably about three with him. Yeah. Be M bp. Yeah, R-N-B-A-N-B Represent his himself too. Shout to Joel. He fines as well. He, He, he got no agent. Nah, I think That's, he's smart. If you know what you're doing, shit. If you, you trust Yourself, all you gotta do is go read the CBA get some people around you. Yeah. A lawyer and then tell everything like Gil said, everything. You want a contract, go look at everybody else Max contract people that was in your situation and go ask for what you need.


You want a supermax, you want a player option, whatever it is. Boom. That's crazy. It's really kind of that simple And like you look at other situations like Jay Daniels got his mind representing other people, stuff like that. Yeah. Why don't I keep all of your bread bro. It's literally your bread. It is. And you are a max player. The contract says what you supposed to get. Like I'm a super supermax player, I'm MVP, I deserve this. I do not need an agent to lie to me and tell me I can get you an extra fight. No you can't. What is the benefits of having an agent though? In his case? Just anybody just athlete. It ain't no benefits in the person like him. Yeah. Ain't no benefit of having no agent. Yeah, I'm a super max player.


Okay, but what about like a mid-tier player though? I need you to work and negotiate a contract for me. You gonna have to do all the ins and outs to compare other players that do what I do. So if I'm a guy that average 11 points. Yeah. And the last five guys that average 11 points got four years, 32. Let's say that as an agent you gotta go find me four years, 32 because that's what the average people are giving for what I do. But a great agent can go get you more. They can show your value to somebody else in a different way. Like yeah but, and they go to the stats. He shot 40 from the three, this kid shot 35. He was this on defense. He was that on defense.


And he can negotiate for you. Got you. And then try to get you a little more money and then they might have more clients. If they a super fire agent, they might have more clients that they can leverage for you. Like all right, if you get my guy four years, 44, I know Joelle Embiid on the max deal, he might take 2 million less for you if you can, You know you can start ing Shit. That's shit. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I agree with that. It's somebody like in he a rare occasion because you know everybody knows his swag off the court is easy to sell. He's fashionable. That's the easy sell in that situation. The play is already there too. He's still letting him do his shit off the court though. Yeah, he gotta, Oh yeah for sure. He gotta get marketed as well. He got the agency. Yeah, for off the court.


I'm just saying on the court. But he don't need it. The numbers tell you who you are. You are a super max player. Yeah. You gonna get the maximum amount of money you could get for your years in the league. I don't need no agent to tell me that. For sure. Keep it all in house for sure. Yeah. Shout out to Gils Arena. They had Rich Paul on, I wanna see how y'all felt about Rich Paul saying that nobody knew about that tray happening. We know we was on the fence believing if it, if people knew if it was Ka he came outside. Nah we didn't know about the n david situation. Well man that surprising to y'all still. I believe it. Mm Yeah. Who The fuck think they gonna Trey Luther like yeah he probably still in disbelief like I can't believe they did that.


That is crazy bro. I either way though it's still bullshit at the end of the day. Especially for the reasons we know why it really went down. There wasn't no genuine trade so Nah it is believable. That's crazy. Even though that's probably one of LeBron ain't mad though. You're gonna say LeBron is not mad. That boy had that 77 t-shirt ready so shit, listen, LeBron just resting shit Green. He rested tonight and tomorrow. He said I got a chance to do something this year. I don't know what it's gonna be but he is like, I'm trying to see what this look like. Oh by the way Brony DNP the rest of the week so we won't be seeing him this week playing. He he's, he's sitting it down. This just FY for the game.


Respect. I wanna ask you how I told you he really on the team but I didn't, he really on the team brother. He not a G League bro. Just saying Hey shout out to y'all. Y'all love, y'all went crazy for that, for that. Maybe I forgot we talked about that. What they do? We put out a short of that conversation. I forgot how funny that shit was bro's. Really? The goat bro. I got a cop of Brian Jersey off the strip man for sure I gotta go tap out. What'd they say? Nah, just basically people reacted man, like y'all niggas just crazy bro. Like talking about people Like wait bro, release, sit out the game. I, I'm bullshitting. I had said well you, you your daddy of the G league. He is though.


Respect man. Shout out to Brody man. The goat for sure. All right man. Listen, we a little bit past halfway. Wanna go through some candidates with some awards and see how y'all feel mid-season. Who should get these, you know, respects for sure. Let's start off with MVP first candidate. We got SGA 32 and five, five and six tied for the best record of the league with 44 and 10. He hooping it out yo 29 and eight. I mean excuse me, 30 basically 12 and 10 triple dub. But almost 30 is crazy as well. Gianni's been hooping all year. 31, 12 and five and NJT 27, 8 and six. What y'all got man It is Shay By the numbers.


I would take Yoic but from watching the games I'm gonna take SGA. Hmm If you just looked at this right here and you be like who's the best player you gonna say Yoic, you averaging 30, 12 and 10. Most definitely. But you ask who the most valuable SGA just 'cause that team is young and what they're doing tied for the best record in the league. It's Crazy. And they got all these young guys. Only one on a big contract is him. Lou Dork got some money but It ain't, You know what I mean? SGA the guy. Yeah. Yeah it is evident too. Yeah, I would say Yoic got better players around him.


That's a fact. He got Hall of Famers. He don't have a number two like Yoic. I mean Jalen Williams is a really good basketball player. Yeah Sure. Jamal Murray Is, yeah Allstar but he not solidified in no playoff run. Yeah. Jamal Murray a champion. He just gave West 50 the other day. Yeah. Aaron Gordon been a champion. Yeah. Michael Porter Jr. Champion. It's just a little different. So to see what he doing with that squad, it's SGA And JT having a hell of a year. It just ain't, it is the, its most valuable player. Like if JT wanted to sell a couple games of Celtics still cold, They still rolling. Yeah. So it's different If SGA DMPs three games a roll, SGA damn near Ja Morant.


Yeah SGA sit out three, they damn near missing. They going two on one. No one and two, I'm, I'm I'm glad that you brought that up. You foreshadowed this quote unquote talks about Memphis and Ja Morant. I told you all that. The new play trade you before you get your supermax or you get re-up again. I told you you either going, you gonna take this re-up right now or we gonna trade you and you know who they gonna trade for. They gonna trade for Tre Young. Oh Lord. If you send John Morran to the Atlanta Hawks, it's up. Oh my God. Oh It's, we gotta pull up.


I pray for that man. You and John Marran to the Atlanta Hawks, it's up. He fit Atlanta more. Yeah, He do. That's why I said that. He'll bring the culture back. Not saying Trey, you know what I mean? Trey did his thing. Vibe. But It's different but It's different. Ja Don't feel like it's different. That guy Anthony Davison the Question he, he gets more out of mediocre players. I ain't gonna say mediocre but he gets more outta his teammates than Trey Young. Yeah bro. No that's a very interesting Conversation. Jaylen, Jalen, Jaylen Williams or Westman Jalen Johnson is going to hoop regardless when fucking John Marin is missing fucking Triple J bro. He goes under the radar bro. They go under the radar. That team stinks bro.


Yeah, for real. Atlanta sucked. When Trey Young was out last year, Ly Johnson still gonna get 30 Last year. Triple J. Triple J's A all star. He Was hurt last year too though. Triple J they whole team was hurt last year. Yeah last year they was a wash. Yeah but Ja means he means everything to that team. That Team he means more to the Grizzlies train. Hold on. Quiet has kept Ja missed out a bunch of games this year. He did go look at many games. Ja running into some of them games without, I think that's what's kind of profiting him to think Scotty Pit Jr. Been hooping He been doing, he been doing his thing. I'm just saying even if he had, I just think he's more, Let's see how many games Ja Marant played this year. He's more meaningful to the Memphis Grizzlies and Trey Young is the Atlanta Hawk.


No, no. I think Jare be more to the city of Memphis compared to Tray Young. I mean Atlanta is a way more lit city. Yeah it is different. I don't disagree. He battling with a lot of Fuckers. Yeah he future, I don't disagree On both sides of the radar. So he, he battling with a lot on both sides Of the court. Yeah, he battled with a lot. I wish y'all could see Freaky Mike. He looks so sad today. How many games y'all play Discouraged. You might pop the wrong be man they gave him the Fenty pack or whoever they're going through it. He played 19 games he played So he missed what? 14 games. That's cool. Yeah. Ain't bad.


Missing 14 games. That's not bad bro. King. Nah, go look. I mean he missed 14 games. They Record if he, if he missed 14, I mean missed 32 and Miss 14. They're not, it's, I mean you missed 14 What's they record in the west? They what? Two or three? Come on man. Two or three. Your best player missed 14 game. I mean if you think T West, if you think Trey Young, if you think Trey Young, Imagine that Means more to a TL than Ja then that's your prerogative brother. I'm not saying he means more, that's All I was saying. Saying just as valuable to Atlanta Hawks as Ja Morran is to the Grizz.


Trey Young is cold but I know right now if the Memphis Grizzlies get Trey Young for Ja Morran, they're going to be pissed there. They're going to be people who are upset. Not that Trey Young said. Obviously we know he's cold but they are going to be pissed. Makes go look at the stats. The stats to tell you. Oh Ja Morin stats. Yeah Trey Young stats are better. It's just a culture thing. I don't know. I just 24 and seven. Yeah. 22, 12 and three five maybe. Yeah. Treo stature better than that. Who's more important to Entertain? Yeah. 24 12. Oh yeah. That's a landslide. I knew that. I don't know. Just Extra conversation. We, we'll see what happens.


It's a, it's a culture thing though. Like the way Ja carried his himself remind people of Memphis. Like he, when you look in a crowd, you look in a city, you could see Ja Marant when you walk down the street. That's why they could relate to him. That same thing in Atlanta. Like when they told me, I used to out hear 'cause like the kids and shit when I was in Atlanta I had a Mohawk like Roscoe Dash. But that's what the kids had in the crowd. So I was relatable. That's what they see in Memphis. That's why if Ja go to Atlanta, shout to Roscoe, fuck y'all. If Ja go to Atlanta, there go Mike. He laughed for today. He laughed that bullshit. Hey nigga said I had haircuts like the kids. Boy you grown. What?


Haircuts Like you. I was 20. I'm just, I'm just saying when you look in the crowd, niggas couldn't relate to, I ain't gonna say Joe and them, but these niggas was old. That's true. Niggas was overhead bands by the time Josh was still rocking the motherfuckers. I was gonna say but shout to the Hawks. But who in the crowd got here Like Reon. That's what I'm saying. They could relate, they can relate to the way he play. But if Ja went to Atlanta they'd probably relate a little more. 'cause he got the dreads, he got Golds and shit. Yeah, he look like Atlanta shit. Well he in Memphis it still feel like Zach and T. Yeah. You know what I mean? T there. If he goes to Atlanta he's gonna bring energy with him right there.


This is gonna be crazy bro. He going to blend right in. Yeah and they'll put the Hawks. Trey Young is more of a la, he's a Spur. He could be a Spur but he more of a La Limelight. New York Fa definitely New York than Yeah. Way more New York than Jaan. A hundred Percent. Yeah. Like you could put Ja damn near Charlotte, Atlanta bro. He a south. Ja. The south now put put Ja, I, I ain't, I ain't gonna lie. I like that take t. You right because Ja more of a south. I feel like Trey Young is more marketable. Nah, I ain't gonna say that. Yeah the clean the clean way.


Nah, Nah Not the clean way bro. They trying to get job outta here bro. With the pistol and shit. Come on now. We not gonna act crazy. What I'm saying, trying to get job outta here. Nah, job. Job Had lighter Job More relatable to to The to the To the culture. To the kids bro. To the culture. Did you see when my nigga bounced back in the strip club? That was his first. I'm just saying Elite bro. Ja Rent is very marketable. He's polarizing. He's no, I'm a fan. I'm just telling y'all for these corporations bro. Like They still want Ja rent. Te gets Ja rent. You tre Young. Alright. I took that. That nigga told me on the, on the foot we just did a foot locker.


You know I mean activation. He told them I was selling pills. We trying to get So you, I mean so That's what is he talking about? That's John. I did not say He was selling pill. You said he said at at the occupation? No, Y'all was on me Be him. Behave, don't get on here. He said I moved the pill. I said which pill? He said he moved a different kind of people. That's what you said. I was talking about the, I was talking about the road. I was talking about the road. Sparks shout Sparks. Come on DJ. Man this nigga play too much. He Your promo coach Cliff five 20 Tap in Coach here so far. Kick. That was a hell.


That was a hell of a promo though. You gotta keep it. Me. Mike's not here today. I don't like it. I don't fucking like it. Get well soon. The freaky mike man. Are you sick again? God damn. Why you always sick? Yeah, on a fucking Immune system is trash bro. If You don't drink some orange juice, I juice every day Vitamin C It is just no you don't even take Adderall. Papa Molly, I'm sweating. Woo. He need to That boy be here like limitless. You'll never seen a setup so good. For sure Coach. You're Kenny Jackson going crazy. Tie for for the best record league with 44 and 10 and May Yoka fourth in the west at 34, 21.


Taylor, Jenkins got second in the west. That's somebody we need to talk about more man. Quiet year for him. JB Bickerstaff, what he did with that Detroit team is phenomenal. 29, 26 Mark. I can't say his last name but K C's head coach. He is 44 10 Mark D Shout out to him Ty Lu again at six in the west. I don't know if Ty Lu getting this but who's some of y'all candidates Y'all think should get it so far? Kenny X. Yo. That's it for me. If, if they gave it to Udo I'll fuck with that too though. I ain't mad. Damn. No un fuck KC. Yeah but They had a great year last year. Yeah we kind of expected them to be really good this year. I feel like that's what should get no more love. That's why I feel like even with the SGA shit like you know sometimes the people be having good years and they try to write it off as a fluke.


This the second year running it back like this to show that he should be the MVP. Hey man I ain't mad at Kenny asking to turn it around but shit, your second year you tied for freshman league. He should get a little bit more love. I mean he getting love but damn turn Cleveland around to the best team in the league. We didn't expect that. That's true. Uchay. And I'm gonna give Taylor Jenkins, I played for Taylor Jenkins too. I'm gonna give him some love. But who shout to Taylor. Jens man he was in Atlanta. Our, our Atlanta staff is unbelievable. Damn. It was Bud, Kenny, Atkinson, Taylor Jenkins, Kurt Quinn, Snyder. Damn. And what's my boy that coach in Charlotte? Damn Charles Lee Charles? Yeah. Oh damn. Shout to Bud man. Lee's just crazy. All right from the super check called me Ro.


If KC played Ghost say in the first round and lost, will we be surprised if they lost? Yes. Mm. If Golden State beats OKC, that is a major upset. Yeah I would be surprised. I I mean they got Hall of Fame players over there so I wouldn't be surprised. Yeah I wouldn't be Jimmy Draymond and Steph And Steph. Yeah I ain't mad. I wouldn't be surprised. Shit they supposed to beat 'em actually. Nah for Real. We being real shit. Yeah I ain't honestly I ain't mad I wouldn't want to see that shit but They supposed to beat them actually they actually the better team. Yeah I Agree bro. If you go player for player Way more seasoned than y'all for sure.


Okay, So you don't got a Jimmy Butler? Hell nah. Okay So you ain't got a Steph, I mean SGA you Don't got a Dre mine either though. I'd probably take Chet over Draymond. Yeah but I'm saying though you Chet ain't been in that mix before. It's kind of a different mental Chet is of course I'm taking Chet over Dre Buddy Hill better than Isaiah Joe. I mean supposed to be that's a nasty verses. I mean they both shooter. That's why I said it. Respect above knock down shooters. That is a nasty version. Yeah but I'm rolling with my young guns Regardless. I like OKC as a team better but if you just win player for player resume for resume. Yeah Jimmy make a huge difference too. Most definitely for sure.


Shout out to Super or call me Ro. Another question from the super chat Buzz Kid 96. What will y'all think about the best game in dunkers versus REM protectors for the dunk contest? Like what a said about punching on Rudy? What Basically like instead of a dunk contest, just having all the bigs protector rem and having somebody run a dunker dom Man get that shit on You. Get that backyard ass question out here. Shit we did play NBA Jams man come on man NB insurance policies. We go how old are you man? Bulls 96. You trying to get niggas hurt? Yeah bro. Pause bro. Trying see niggas the body, the body.


Hey yo. The whole contest. I'm about to get on your ass bud. What? Pull this picture up man. Yeah y'all start sending y'all profile pictures in the to mike man Mike. He'll edit it for y'all. He about to have a whole bunch of niggas sending Mike that picture. That's crazy Buzz can you from Charlotte? He probably from Charlotte Bliss. That is insane. We got one more question. Okay. Shout out to Buzz kid though. Good question man. But we don't wanna see that shit. Okay for sure. Moving on. Six minutes of the Year so far. Couple candidates here. We got Peyton pressure averaging 14 three and 3D Hunt averaging 18 three and two assist.


Nas Reed was 14 five and two and Malik be was 16 two and two. I'm going with Malik Beasley 'cause I think Deandre Hunter Row is gonna change so I think he, yeah I think he gonna be a starter so that's probably row probably gonna be out there. So I'm gonna go with Malik Bezel. He having a hell of a year off the bench bro. He is. He's playing great for the Pistons. He gets a lot of starter minutes too but he's definitely playing. Yeah I mean he play a lot that has some interest as well. Yeah, I'm not mad at de Hunt man. I think De Hunt should probably get that. Yeah but I think he gonna play too many games as a starter. Mm. Peyton Pritchard got a chance. Yeah he probably win it more than anybody just because the Celtics are so good and he actually comes off the bench every single game.


Yeah some of these dudes start. Yeah I think D Hunt gonna start Malik Beasley start half the damn time for sure. Especially if you go by the minutes too. Yeah I would love to see how that works out. But I ain't mad to paint a picture of Malik Beasley getting that for show DPOY. Let's go Weby 11 rebounds four blocks and 1.1 steals Dyson Dales averages three steals. Evan Mobley block and a half a game, one steal now rebounds. Triple J six rebounds, 1.6 blocks, 1.2 steals Giannis 12 rebounds, one and a third block and almost a steal. Yeah I'm taking Triple J out just 'cause of the rebounding but Dyson Daniel's averaging three steals is fucking crazy.


Yeah that is absolutely insane. But Weby, I'm gonna take Weby. Weby should win it. I mean four blocks and a steal for a center. Yeah I'm taking Weby for mine. Yeah, that's crazy. Triple J six rebounds is crazy even though he's having a hell of a year also year six rebounds is crazy being him. Hey I been telling y'all all year bro. That's if he was 10 to 12 he'd be a different type of player. He'd be respected a little more For sure. Well He'll kill it though. He a hooper. Yeah he showing his ass to shit for sure. Rookie of the Year Got Stefan Castle, That's Mine. Zach Eddy, Jaylen Wells Eve Missie.


Yeah I got Castle. Castle Light work. Yeah it's one of my favorite players. Yeah I like, I like him For sure. Couple more to get through. It's the Most surprising team so far. The Cavs at 44 and 10. The Pistons being decent again. The Rockets being really good this year at 34, 21 or the Clippers getting it done with 31 to 23. Taking the Rockets. The Rockets too. Most surprising team for show. Yeah. Okay. Yeah I've been hating so I'm, I'm I'm running with the Rockets. Rockets For sure my second home. Yeah I didn't think anybody expected the Rockets to be as good as they were this year. The Cas being 44 to 10 is still crazy too by the way. Yeah, For sure. Oh shout to Trooper Ka again.


Ate Gutierrez says te. How was it seeing Kyle Cper heat check 11 points in one minute. I remember that game. I think it was against Milwaukee if I'm right. It was crazy that boy could shoot that ball for sure. And he also said send Katie to Atlanta. Yeah I don't think Katie going to Atlanta but yeah he just cried. I Behe is not trying to go spend his last years in Atlanta playing for the Hawks. Why he say it like that though? Respectfully. Shit we get kd, we different. Most definitely anybody get kd you Get up Ja more and KD and Jaylen Johnson to Atlanta. Oh the boy, the Hawks would be on TV every single game here boy.


Before I work for the Hawks again you gonna go back. That's a wild team bro. KD would never, I was gonna say man we, we shall see what Katie would do 'cause you know bless you, things will get iffy. But yeah shout out to the Rockets man. Hell of a season so far. Most disappointed Team Seven Sixers. Seven Sixers. We don't even gotta go through nothing though. The sons, the Warriors and the Kings. It's Sixers Sons. Yeah I probably say the Sons more than the Sixers so Just 'cause of the talent. Just 'cause the injuries for the Sixers. Yeah but the sons and nigga Outs being healthy. Right. And they had a year to jail. Yep They followed up with this.


Cool. Yeah Eric Gordon called him man Now that you put it that way. I didn't relate towards the Suns a little bit more too. I was gonna say the 76ers supposed to be the championship team and obviously they ain't shit but that is true. The suns have been healthy all year. Yeah I mean I know Katie missed some games but yeah The Rockets is not supposed to be way better than the Suns. That's crazy. That's a fact. The fact that we had like zero confidence that the Suns can win a playoff game, like a playoff series. We don't even think about them in the playoffs like man. Yeah we literally don't talk about them no more. No we talk about the Warriors meet the number one seed. We don't even be like the suns get it right and they're lower than the Suns too. That's the nasty part And we still don't care. Yeah. Damn That's wicking man.


Get well soon For sure. Alright, best team so far. Thunder? Yep. Cavs, Thunderbirds, Nicks man, the rest of them niggas fuck outta here. Celtics the best team. Yeah the first half of the season best team has been OKC or the Cavs with the best team overalls at Celtics. Okay me okay C? Yeah I'm okay. See that's what I said. I'm standing on that. Okay for sure. Yeah somebody paid $10 to talk to y'all Aholic 91 shout to the super chef. Say what'd y'all think about in man not wanting to be the face of the NBA because he just wants to be himself and not have to worry about being political. I ain't going to London nigga.


Hell no That bro. That was hilarious. I had to post it. That shit was so funny. I was like that's some shit I would've said fuck out here. But he said now wouldn't be the face of that league. Go ahead. I don't think he want the pressures of being the face of the league. He just kind of want live's life like He do though. He know would come with that. Like he ain't trying to be in the He in it enough Shit. Yeah and I think that plays a role. His off the court shit play a role in him not wanting to be the face of the league. Like nah bro. He'd be in the Cowboys every day. Yeah. Hey that dude's crazy though. I wouldn't want that either. Alright. Got paid I can hoop If I'm living like that.


Yeah, nah I don't need another microscope on me like that. He lived, If he lived like Jason Tatum then I embrace it because you got the, you have the, what do you call it? Shit, I don't even know word. I'm looking for The discipline Of the swagger though. I'm saying he, how he act would be cool if he didn't have all that off the court shit going on. Most definitely. Yeah. His bravado, He's relatable to the wild youth. He relatable to like any person that grew up in the inner city, you see yourself in him. You might not carry yourself the same way. You might be like man I wouldn't do that. Yeah But if you was as talented as him you'll be yourself too. Yeah, for sure.


Most definitely. Even how you just kind sit in the conversation like he's like hell I ain't going London. Like niggas felt that like a lot of people would wi ain't saying that. No Jason Taylor for sure. No, Jason Black. I might be out there this summer. Yeah. Never slide, never slide. But he, hell no I ain't going to London. I'm chilling like, you know what I mean? I get it. Just like in the post game. Who told Charles Barkley bring your ass. Like come on bro. That's the energy we need. The NBA got. Yeah that's, that's Chuck. You definitely could say that. Like he said with Obama and them Obama was like you were killing them and you had 2, 2 7 footers. He like chill out now. Like not too many people they would've laugh like you're right. Yeah he chill out. Hey he ease up now.


Ain't nobody gonna tell Obama that. That's What I'm saying. Hey if y'all haven't seen it, please go watch that on Netflix. It is illegal bro. It's, they went crazy with that documentary bro. What? I Yeah, that's Hard boy. It said chill out now Ease up Also LeBron didn't say shit for like the beginning of that whole thing but we'll talk about that another time. What's It called? I've just seen clips of that motherfucker. I ain't watched that shit either but oh damn I got y'all when I seen him say that I was like yeah this is the field to go. I believe it's on Netflix. I forgot the name. He really the he really wanted them. Yeah and that's really him. He don't know how to cut that shit off. Yeah I starting five Him and Ello for short on our Shit off. Just put NB Netflix NBA And that's what make you like 'em.


They always themselves. Yeah that's why the starting five shit was good though for us to see For sure. Shout to quarter Gold man Netflix going crazy. Please tap me in if you haven't seen it. This is not a paid ad but it can't be best player. We're not gonna go MVP just the best player so far. SGA Yolk, Giannis, JT or Luca Best player. Yo, YOIC. Yoic. Okay. I ain't mad, I ain't got nothing say against that. He a best player in the league for sure. It was a moment that should have broken me but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness.


We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris.


Hey this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle we, Heather, McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you wanna keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with me and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA, superstar Angelian. I really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Extra tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly neighborhood country club. The Drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, they're Shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys, I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet and I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack in my quest to continue a memorable career in racing. Racing. I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from karting to nascar, even Formula One, Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut who we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Alright man, couple questions. See hey I feel like could possibly happen or make a run sleep team in the east who could make a run that we ain't expecting to do some damage. Detroit. Detroit. Yeah. Okay. Be here. You got a team or you just going with the top four? Yeah, I don't like the east side. Whatever happens over there happens. So a sleeper team is a team that we don't expect to make a run. Yeah. Who could, who could possibly win a first run matchup at that bottom half pause like if you just go as is Magic. Magic. They get healthy, they could you Right. Magic Celtics. Ooh that's a tough Draw. This is my favorite East Side team. Hawks calves. They didn't trade de hunt. I would fill a ways but nah. Might get wicked for sure.


Okay. We there with it in the west. Any sleeper teams And the sleeper teams is probably the lower teams which are mostly made up or veteran teams. I'd say the probably Lakers or Rockets Sleeper team for me is the Warriors. Okay. Warriors That in that play in spot for sure. Yeah. That's a team I don't think anybody wanna face in the playoffs. Not with Jimmy Butler and Steph Curry on the same team. That's Dangerous. Yeah. Not for the be 10 right now. That's some scary shit. Yeah so KC having to play them first, that's a dangerous first round match. I don't think I wanna see them two. Nah hell nah. I'd rather play the maths. I was gonna say how you feel about that playing be hearing timber wolves and warriors. I like that. That's a good plan.


But I just see the Warriors beating the fuck outta timber wolves. Okay. Damn that the West is exciting bro. Look at the teams. Everybody on the west we got people that we actually looking forward to see Play Got. We love SGA, we love Ja. We love Yoic Man The Rockets are a fun team to watch. You know the Thompson twins? My he's a superstar on the way. Got Brian and Luca. You got James Hard and Kawai, you got Ant Man, then you got Kyrie and Ad. Oh Man. And the King Zach Levine Deebo. Then the Warriors got Steph and Jimmy and the sons got Katie and book the Spurs got Fox and Wendy and then my trailblazers my young guns.


Yeah that 12. That first 12. Woo. That's where all the heat is. Yeah, it ain't no heat. He telling y'all all the smoke is out west. Why Ain't say nothing about the jazz? Hey Shout to Calex and them man. Just because Gil was being disrespectful. Hey Did you see Jose Alvardo reply on the post? What did say? He said hey I'll bust your ass. Yeah and my bad I thought niggas, what's that nigga name, Jose Alvaron Jose I thought y'all was talking about You talking about Jose Trow. Yeah that's why I didn't mean to disrespect him but I'm like damn bro my fault. I thought that nigga said Jose Calderone. Y'all name is close. Jose Alvarado? Yeah. Jose Carone still cook right now. I got fucked up. Yeah. Jose Cardone cook me on for sure.


Alright man who's going, who's gonna capture the flag man? Who gonna win the sweep dates? The Wizards, the Hornets, the Pelicans or the jazz? Yeah. That's why the Blazers gotta chill out. They gotta chill out bro. They too good. They ain't getting any damn, they got 20 something wins. Yeah it it is. Come on Chauncey. Not now bro. Yeah yo I forgot. Good. I forgot exactly how it works though. But at some point I believe like the second half of the season, like the more competitive you are helps your some type of bullshit they put in there to make teams just not beat completely trash. But it ain't gonna matter anyway 'cause get number one pick he He cannot go to Washington. He cannot go to the Hornets. What's The worst situation for him to be in? Wizards. Hornets. Yeah. A hundred percent.


I agree with you. Don't no Between those two. If you gotta pick Cooper gotta go The Wizards bro. That's the worst. I'd rather him go to the Wizards than the Hornets. Oh that's you sending him to die bro. I mean I like the Hornets, I like Lalo. You should be turned up. I like Lalo, I like Miles. It's Live City. You got Brandon Miller too. He and I like Brandon Miller. It's too many now. Star for and and Mark Williams. Nah, nah, nah. Game, Game Game. He don't fit that shit. He's gonna do what Gordon Hayward was supposed to do. Yeah, Gordon was ready to get the fuck outta there My boy G Celine Now you are absolutely correct 'cause why did they say Golden Haywood to be a vet for Lalo?


I hate this shit. Do not. Yeah he do not fit them. Oh. What's rolling For sure man. Like you wanna take shots from Lalo and Brenda Miller? They getting 25 a piece up. You think they about to chill out for a Cooper flag? Hell no, But he fit better than G. Hey though bro. He Yeah, I mean he got that swag but he need to go somewhere. You said he can shoot the ball. Yo motherfuckers can get humbled like hey man sit the fuck now you can't humble Brandon Miller and Lalo they cold. Yeah. Yeah bro. The fuck I'm two years older than you. Like fuck man I'm really cold. I was just a leading vote getter and folks, nigga to Allstar team. I don't even, I average 30 bro.


That's true line bro. Wizards all, everybody sit down. Yeah a lot because they playing Ag league niggas. Yeah And a lot of people think that the fact that they, you know what I'm saying, got those vets in there and trying to move some pieces around was just for that reason like alright we trying to facilitate some real winning shit next year. Like we gonna get some prove be here so Cooper go shoot the ball every time we want to. We ain't worried about the young people in the way. I ain't mad about the PEs either him and Zion. That'd be exciting. Yeah, I like that. That'd be exciting. Freaky Trey. I fuck with that. Yeah. Dang that it Trey Murphy and Cooper. Yeah somebody have to go. Nah they won't. They play together Man. They can play together. Trey Murphy. Damn there a three for real? For real. Like he is a three Zion play the five shit because Cooper got a start.


He shit Rey Murphy can play the two. Trey Murphy can play all over the floor. He a legit wing bro. Yeah, For sure. He a legit Wing jazz. He gonna get picked by the jazz but I hate it. Ooh, that's nasty. I hate it. You don't have nobody to run with. That's Three is crazy because Lori, I don't Well Lori, Lori nice. Lori Gotta go though if you gotta Go. Yeah he probably ready to go. Yeah, he came with. Yeah he Probably, yeah he ain't world damn. I'm tweaking World Boy play. Fuck nevermind, go ahead. Okay, I'm gonna say Walker Kessler. Yeah that's, that's, that's a white form port for show in Utah. Colin Sexton not playing for the jazz next year or he gonna stay. Boy, Ain't no telling what that team about to do.


I don't even care. Empty the house for Cooper though. Just fuck It. Capture the flag for show man. All right. Super chat, ask some questions for us. Is Deandre, when is the Gilly match and what was going on through Beat in Head when Wallo kept stepping on the Reimagines, I was chilling bro. We was letting them have fun. Shout out to Wallo and Gilly man. We don't know when that shit happened though. Yeah man. Gil Fluff. That's cool. Yeah, I don't think that matchup is happening at all. Shout to Gillian Wallo though. Love bk. Pulley says why do Jalen Brunson get top 10 player hype? But they act like Dames wash when he averaged the same stats and it's the second option.


It is New York, it's the media. If Dane was in New York right now, he'd be getting that same attention. Same love fact. It's just the media. He in New York compare know Dane is a killer. He just played in small markets since Portland's small market. Milwaukee is small market. Jalen Bronson got New York popping. That's why. That's a fact. It's a bigger market. That's all it is. And I would dare say this year, who's the first option on the Knicks cat or Jalen Brunson? Jalen Brunson always the first option. Hmm. Respect. What's his to Course side Chronicles? I got a 6-year-old son that hoop I Your dad used to work y'all out that age Chef?


Yeah, my daddy worked us out when I was four. Joe Jackson. I wouldn't advise you to do that but yeah we used to work out but it was fun. Well keep it fun. It wasn't fun for us. That turned real quick. He said keep it fun. Keep it fun for sure. Keep make sure you enjoy playing. Don't force him to play. Keep it fun for sure. Super track. Question again. Alex Richmond. Yo Jeff Who you got? What Jeff? Who you I got coming out of the elimination champion Elimination. Gotcha. Oh who I got Rawlins Punk, Kintyre Priest, Paul A that that whole who you I got coming. It's crazy.


I'm trying to save y'all back. Y'all know some diction up here but boy a keyboard game together. I feel like Mike is a dickhead. I feel like they had, they gotta have C Punk. See Punk. It gotta be punk Priest. Yeah Paul It's gonna be punk. Who are Those guys Of it bro? Oh okay. Respect For sure. Alright. Top four teams East Conference before we get up outta here. That shit wicked. It's a nasty four. Are you in the east right now? Calf, Celtics, Knicks, Pacers, bucks top five.


Come on man. Yeah the Pacers make the top four a week. I ain't even saying it like that but I'm saying as far as Star power, I'm not saying as him as a team I'm be, I like being for real too. I'm not even joking hat no dj but like the bucks with Giannis and Dame is more appealing than Tyres, Halliburton and aka. I don't disagree with that. Yeah so like when you comparing the top four in the east against the top four in the west, you would rather have them bucks right there at four. Pace are still a good team but you would rather have 'em bucks right there at four for the look. I dig it should have won more game though. We top four in the west. We got OKC, Memphis Nuggets, rockets, Lakers, same thing with them for the look of it.


The Lakers look better at four. Yeah. Than the Rockets do. Agreed. Now I actually asked you this being I know you, you know what I'm saying? You don't fuck with the Lakers. Okay see Lakers series. Is that a tough one? Yeah bro. That's another dudes. That's what I'm saying it's it is. It is tough out there. Young boys gonna have to bring it for real. You just got too many seasoned vets over there bro. Too many people who capable of dictating a series. Yeah the Lakers got too people who can control the whole series. That's why you just need to get to the playoffs. This shit regular season shit really don't mean that When you got teams like that, like teams like the Lakers and Warriors or Killers like that, anything can happen bro. So That's like I happened a couple years ago with the Kings, they had their best season and you play Steph Cur.


Yeah but that's What happened even with the Celtics early on when Jason Tatum career nigga was just too young bro. I mean nobody was beating Brian but I'm just saying shit was kind of hard though. Like but they were still getting like late in that like late runs and stuff. I mean they wouldn't get to the finals but like you look in the west, like you said Grizzly's having hell year at two and man it could get First round the Lakers. The Lakers can beat the Grizzlies. Yeah that's what we saying. Like I'm saying that even the Clippers can maybe can beat the Grizzlies. Yeah they gotta playto timber. Wolves and them damn can beat them straight up. You not, you not too scared of a grizzly matchup. You would rather see the Grizzlies than the nuggets than the rockets and the thunder and they the two seed.


Yeah For sure. Alright man. Early predictions. Who's coming out the east? Who's coming out the west? I would just like to see OKC in Boston. In a final. In Final. Mm. I ain't mad at that at all. I want Jason Taylor and get another championship. I got Boston verse Denver. Okay, you got different coming out? Yeah. Damn. Yeah I I'm gonna go Knicks and I'm gonna go kc. Oh that's so sweet for us. You think KC sweep the Knicks? Yeah we beating they ass. I I don't know brother. Not a sweep out. I'll take a four two. I think the Knicks could get 'em bro. If if everybody's healthy. If we healthy. Nah bro We deep my nigga 4 2 4 2 KC we Deep it's over And they gonna have home court.


You got Chetty? Come on bro. Hey man I, I don't disrespect I I've been seeing the way Ka been playing this year though. I said healthy though too 'cause if OG is still gonna be like this then the Obviously matter. You know niggas you're playing 48 minutes a game. My whole starting five. My bench ain't getting no love. They definitely work overtime in New York. My my bitches damn near rookies in playoff time. It's gonna be green out there. We been having an eight, nine man rotation all year. That's a fact. But I ain't gonna lie if Jalen Brunson brings the fucking championship to New York, he is lit forever. He already lit. He don't have to worry about a goddamn thing. I never in life he win a championship champ.


He raised a banner in New York. Champ champ he's a guy bro. Bro I ain't got nothing to say For sure man. We got one game tonight. NBA starts back tonight with the makeup game due to the LA situation that took place and they had to evacuate Hornets at Lakers. LeBron sitting out the next two games get his body right. I think he going up for a real run this post season or he just, you know what I'm saying, trying to prove a point. It just a game I wouldn't play. I ain't give real, I ain't getting nothing out of it. Let Melo go crazy at the crib That's just probably still win that game regardless. Correct? Yeah for sure. Alright man we going on some verified buckets that took place over this past first half of the season. Couple dates Giannis November 13th went crazy.


Gets a pistons with 59, 14 7 3 blocks and two stills. One of the best games we have seen individually for a very long time. That's fucking insane. Be here. You got a list some on this list you like I'm gonna take yo into all day. Okay When we talked about that shit 35, 22 and 17 bro that is Will Chamberlain triple double. So that's mine for sure. I'm gonna take Yoko again. 56, 16 and eight Right. Yeah bro that's he a different, different breed bro. That's why we had to be very specific on that MVP and then best player stuff 'cause Yeah most valuable and best player in League is two different things.


Most definitely. I'm gonna go with D Fox for sure again man he got a 60 piece against your T Wol with seven assist. That's crazy. Nah he he did his thing for sure. For sure man. Shout out to KD man. Becoming an A player all time score 30 K points man. Legend. Legendary career man. Like we say missed some time and still got 30 k for sure. Alright man. Some of the favorite Gameball Soons we've encountered so far. Let's go ahead and start with Wind Man know you almost after four blocks and this doesn't even count. We still don't care. That's crazy. Drop that in Atlanta. It's up. Ah this ain't every rap video. Oh yeah that's crazy man.


That hit different in Atlanta for sure. I like when Jaylen Green boom Don't C though. Shout out to Kade But they been beefing from since high school. That's why I like It. Yeah that's a real, real treacherous beef. Hey On me That nigga dumped the shit out that one I'm some real shit though. Kb ho him though. K be checking that nigga All and shots to shots to Twin Thompsons for setting it up. He knew what time it was. Yeah. Hey they talked about the one-on-one match show we talked about with with Ball's Life. They said they need to be one For sure. KK Jalen Green. Yeah. Run one. That's A must. I got K though.


That ain't a bad pick. My boy. I Do too. I got K the bag deeper bro and he's stronger. Hey gonna say it's gonna be post city for sure but shout to Jalen Green though. Hooping out for sure. Nah, He cold. Alright. Till you got something on here. Crazy Kennedy. LeBron Dunking on Ivan. Damn, that win baby win. Y'all said wasn't that impressive? That shit, Damn nigga still remember that. Hey, that mother was crazy. I remember we did talk about that. I like that shit. I was hating. Yeah. Yeah. Damn, you got a good ass. I forgot about that weekend swim You did. What's crazy is we ain't seen Loy since. Nah, that's crazy bro. Hey old man Brian.


Yeah, I'm fucking with Brian, man. You 40 my nigga. That is crazy. Still hooping like a young nigga. You different bro. Five years Old. Hey, I know my boy. Don't get too many highlights, but Quicken Grimes. Hey. Well he did it. Luke Cornett was still crazy too, man. Yeah. Talk that shit. Hey, That was Love. A good disrespectful moment man. For sure. Any more in here Y'all feeling? We got one more left on here. Maybe two. Eh? Nah, I'm cool. I had mine For sure. I'm with it too. I rock LeBron. We could run him just 'cause though.


Oh, is that Zach Eddy? Oh yeah. We can play this anyway. Hey, he punched on back. That was crazy. Damn Dunked on him like a little kid. Ooh, another rookie playing crazy. This Shit motherfucking mask is crazy. Yeah, dunk that mask right off his ass. Whoa. Toss if applicable if need be. That was crazy. I'm out of pocket. My apologies. Hey listen man, we'll be back. Same time tomorrow man. We are thankful that the N B's finally back man full schedule tomorrow for basketball. Five 20 in the Morning. The Volume Teets,


Dietz and Watson's been making meats and cheeses the right way since forever. What's that mean? It means never cutting corners ever. It means cooking, not processing. It means our Virginia brand ham that's cooked to perfection then twice baked to layer the flavors. It takes more time, but you can taste the difference. We come to work every day to do it the right way, even if it's the hard way. 'cause if it's not right for us, it's not right for you. Diets and Watson, it's a family thing since 1939.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet and I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Tune into my new podcast, throttle Therapy with Catherine Legg and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.