
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nam Kin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers. Jason Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast and you will be glad you did.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesday, it's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date everything in the sports world, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left bishop. He to my right, my brother Teague Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's Happening bro? I just won bro. Meet you. I seen Drake at the game. I'm playing with Drake this morning. Yeah people Lil Phil, how you wanna feel about that battle? But Drake still got the slaps. Yeah, don't, don't ever get it fucked up. You could pick a side but its still fire. Yeah, Yeah. That ain't Drake but turn me up.


Who was that Killer? That's my dog to my dog Show man. I know that. I know that music. I know him. Hey, going forward y'all gonna be required to have a song each episode In The Morning man. See how y'all feeling man. That's how we starting the vibe. Trick out. We gonna play a track every morning. Okay, bye. Turn. I ain't playing with that nigga man. Yeah, Remember that Bob? For sure. Classic album Two Ox core battles on the way. But listen man, some great basketball took place yesterday. Win being dispersed and took care of the Laker y today built to add situation 1 26 1 0 4. Win be went crazy. 2385. Evan Vassel was killing yesterday as well. He had 23 and six ad went crazy with 30 and 13.


LeBron only took 11 field goal attempts yesterday. It still had 18 five and eight. What his game Say more about the Lakers or the Spurs yesterday. I'm glad it wouldn't be winning in there and Hoop got his team, the dub. But you know the Lakers them, y'all boys ain't gonna come come out right now Man. Yeah, So far as what? Like the Fires and I mean the concept of what's going on, them playing a home game, both it, it's just crazy. But yeah, listen, they've been having a good runners like recently but I mean they took it a little hell yesterday. I'm gonna say more for the Spurs man. That's a big win for them. More than it was a big loss for the Lakers. Wimpy was killing yesterday. CP was hooping yesterday. I know we didn't talk about his stat line yesterday but he was dragging they yard yesterday for sure.


Scratch all that. I heard the part late hit The Yeah, the part, the parlay. Oh you know what I mean? It wi be sold us. But everybody that took 20 shout out to y'all man. I got another one for y'all today, but we had like six, seven people that hit yesterday. So you That's first. Let's get a round applause for him first. Hit his first, his first shout draft. Hey if you hit yesterday, pause. Pause. Make sure you send it to us so we can repost it. I know a lot of people saved. Yeah on the wimpy points yesterday. You know what I'm saying? Remixed it. But shit, shout out to them. They came up yesterday man. First part later Shout. Shout out to my man. It didn't take us a year man. We here now. She Finally out the house. The first crash out that Was a gate. We thought it was gonna be for Christmas but Valentine's Day is around the corner so your buddy shall leave it anyway until Christmas.


Gift go until Valentine's Day gift. That's Crazy. Shout out to y'all though for Sure. I can't wait to see the one today since my boy came through. He about to go crazy. Ah, he's, it is 80,000 here today. Nah, we're keeping it alive. We keep smoke all week. Okay, my bad. Everything under 10. Okay motherfucker. Motherfucker for sure. Listen man, Wendy's incredible man. This first team, we talked about them like they was they near sad. But listen, some of these young players are starting to get it together man. I think they could be a playoff team man. I think it's looking like that. I know we was questioning on it might be playing Spurs looking like it bro. Go to the standing bro. Yeah. Squad. I think they could be a playing team. I think that they can get a playing team bro. They can get up there. Look what's a A game and it Yeah bro. A game away. Yeah they, they definitely could be a, play's a game win streak for being at Ace.


We just talked about at Timber Wheels was day near borderline mediocre. Our year. Look where they at. Kings went on the seven game win streak and they ninth place. I I love Win be y'all. But I can't let y'all do that today bro. Not today. They can make the play. Not this morning bro. They could. They could make, they can make the play for sure play 1919. They right there with the song. Yeah. Going Good win. Good win though. That's a, I mean despite what you know LA going through, I get that. But that's a good win for one being them because people really, we probably thought they would win less than 19 for the whole season. So for them to be, you know, I mean cracking even right now, halfway through the year. Cool. I like the Spurs. I see what they're doing with the young guys. I mean CP is still being cp making these young guys believing themselves and they're having a great year.


I think they could be a play in team. I don't know how long this lasts for the Kings, you know what I mean? They playing at a high level right now I'm playing. Well I don't know if this continues. Hopefully it does 'cause I'm a fan of Doug Christie and what he got going on right now. And Dion Fox one of my favorite players so hopefully they get in the playoffs but they got potential to make the play in for sure. Most definitely man. Lakers, you still asleep? Oh quiet bro. They a playoff team though. The Lakers definitely be in the playoffs. Yeah, definitely gonna make the playoffs. Like we For ratings, we need them there for sure. Dang, let's go back to the stage one more time please. I mean obviously it's a long way before the season is, but today we're at the seventies so they have a playing against the sons. That'd be a hell of a playing situation for sure.


Do y'all really wanna see the Lakers though? Like in the playoffs? Like I don't wanna see LeBron at 49 in the playoffs. Fuck it bro. Let my boy in the playoffs. This one gonna be one of the last times. Yeah, I mean I was just wondering like do y'all really watch the Lakers games? I know it's a lot of Laker fans in the world. Do y'all really watch 'em? Like I don't really watch anymore hit or miss. Yeah, like It depends on who they playing for me. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But I'm always staying soon. 'cause it's important obviously for Ja purposes. Yeah. And leisure. Nah, I remember at one time I used to just catch all the Cavs games. Like I used just watch LeBron like you know like damn Brian about to play. Lemme see what he about to play. Yeah, yeah. But now it's kind of like do I really watch the Lakers? Not really. I do 'cause we do this but like They not an exciting team.


Nah, Like I don't get hyped. Watch the lake. Yeah it like when Anthony Edwards comes on, like I watch the Timberwood, I'm like, and he about to do something up and last night he did something like, you know what I mean? Like Yeah it's got, I still even watch Steph. Yeah because just because of step. Yeah. Steph might have a moment. Yeah. Any given night Steph might go Ey, I Don't want this to turn to no LeBron slander just saying that y'all, He just older. Yeah but when he played like the Warriors game on Christmas. Yeah Brian's still gonna show up when it's time. Yeah. Yeah it was like so if I know if it's a big matchup, I know Brian gonna come to play like he did against the Warriors but I don't know, I was just, we was just asking a question. No I dig that for sure man. Big win for the Spurs for sure. A great game yesterday.


Great, great game. Grizzlies. Rockets went crazy yesterday. 1 21 18. Jalen Green. See these the games I watched? Yeah. Jalen Green took 'em home yesterday. Yeah. 42 tied his career high yesterday. Listen man we talked about, you talked about Jabbar being out and man Tom had been hooping. Yeah 19 to 13. He's become one of the best rebounders in the NBA on the lowest of keys. Ja went crazy as well. 29 Desa Bay had 25. Man shout out to the Rockets man. They overcame a double digit deficit in the fourth quarter and they went and took that game yesterday. Man. Jalen Green. We talked about somebody having to step up and be a superstar for that team to get over the hump and it look like he wants to take that role on. We know he is been a star since high school. Yeah we know he had a bunch of potential but now he's starting to pick it up a little bit.


He was averaging 19 a couple weeks ago. We was talking about he gotta get over that 20 plus mark. Yes sir. Now he's at like round 21, 42 point career high tie in whatever game last night. Had a moment. He's special man. If he keep continue to play like he's playing and he like the Thompson twin, he's fitting into that row with Jabari being out. They got a high ceiling man. I don't know if a lot of people wanna see him in the playoffs. Nah for sure man. And listen, even in the Clut yesterday, big shouts by Fred Van Fleet like yeah they got a solid team. They have everything well coached. They got young players, they got season vets. They, they might be on to some be here. I know you was a little sleepy on them. Nah, I, I was, you know Fred Van Flea and a couple threes down the stretch. That was very, very key for the game.


Like they got a good chord bro. I just, Y was gassing 'em so much bro. I had to bring Up. There ain't really no gas Now. There's no torch on y'all for that bro. That's it. You know what I'm saying? They a good team bro. Y'all just like, they was the new up and coming, you know what I mean? Lakers or something. They are. They not though bro. What? You know why I like them 'cause they got like this excuse my French like this. I don't give a fuck type attitude. Like they don't really care because They don't got shit to lose. Yeah. But like all they young guys is out to prove something. I know a lot of 'em hurt right now, whatever. But they got this. I don't give a fuck that I like and it is like Nah I just think they need a probably another star over there. I don't think they do because I like, you know I'm high on the Thompson twin but I, I think he A star.


Yeah for sure. I just think Jalen is just somebody else. He got a good core around him but they need a, I don't know bro Need another, I think they do it organically. Like the Cavs did like Donovan, they got Donovan Mitchell but I think Jalen Green got the potential to be a Donovan Mitchell. Yeah, but who is just Darius Garland though? That's big. I mean they got Fred Van Lea, he's a solid guard and then you still got Reed Shepherd these young guys that not even Getting a chance Ed. Yeah Reid is on the way. Yeah they ain't got a chance yet. Cam Whitmore just now getting minutes back again. Cam's starting to play again. They still got Tiz and they still got a bunch of young players and you could still trade and get a a Darius Garland type guy if you really wanted to.


Yeah like you could trade. That's what I'm saying. I'm just saying like when Donovan Mitchell's been having issues scoring lately but they still been holding the four down. Yeah. EG been picking up the sleigh. Evan Mobley been picking up the S Slack. I don't know who replaces Jalen Green on that team to gimme something consistently because Donovan Mitchell been on the slump probably the last six, seven games. Yeah, Well I think ideally in their mind, you know Jabari would be there. Evan Mobley. Yeah But like you said, when you have the best thing about them, they have a plethora young talent. They could use that and maybe a pick and go get another piece. Like you said, if they need a Robin or if they need another super a star in the team can do And I'm big on playing what you got, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. But I'm just saying for them to really be competing with the top teams out west, like they can't fuck with KC.


They ain't got enough. You Said they need more five pounds? I think they can. Oh they can't fuck with kc. I think they can bro. I think they can. I ain't gonna lie. That'd be a hell of a serious, I don't know that I would, I'm taking KC but that would, I don't think it'd be a walk in the park. We going, They match up pretty good. Four one I'm saying. Okay. See they had you got, they had another year to gel. This really like the rockets first year, you feel me? Yeah. Yeah. KC kind of like a well oil machine right now. They had success last year. They added another piece to make 'em even better with Hartenstein. Yeah. Like they got, they got the formula over there but they did it organically. Everybody they got, they drafted or they been there then they just brought in one big piece with Stein but everybody else was drafted And the toy joker is over there.


I love his Game and Shay came in a trade but you know he was young when he got there. Yeah. I just think we, we we we blasted him bro. Pause. Yeah. Yeah Y'all probably beat him this year but they got, they on their way, they got something brewing. Man. If they say if John to Houston man and we keep Talking like Fred Van Fleet old though. He really not that old. Nah, I fuck with Fred like 30. I fuck with Freddie V. He ain't our age. So he's young. He 30. Yeah. Like he ain't All respect bro. I'm just saying how he, he got me Champ. He got a good Left him like how you was like DJ talk about these weekend special so much. You gotta like all bro now that's how I felt like with that's now Rockets man You I don't know.


Fuck. I'm a Cavs and Rockets man. C Rockets in the finals. Fuck Who you are while let's you worse than here. Speaking of old teams this game, the Grizzlies smoked this game but Ja Morant dog,


the NFL playoffs kickoff this weekend and the action is always heating up on the field at the drafting sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the drafting sports book, the official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports Book. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code COUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits if you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League.


It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way. NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That's sure.


To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything.


We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the Postseason Run. Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville.


We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you when when you send it. Yeah, it was like do I send the Heart now because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. One of the best, one of the best bro. Some of the plays he was making like that light he had in the fourth quarter is crazy bro.


Must see TV man the best. Basketball is better when Ja Morant plays. I'm rolling bro. Like the NBA is back when Ja Morant plays. Like you forget that foreigners run the league when Ja Morant plays. You know what I mean? Like he's one of the Americans, a black American that makes the game exciting that you wanna see him and Anthony Edwards. They make it entertaining. And a team like Memphis Grizzly who a small market team, not too many people go to Memphis. But you wanna see Memphis play. Most definitely. Yeah. Yeah. You know they come here, they come to Indianapolis, we going to the Grizzlies game. Oh yeah, you got Ja Morran, you gotta get that ticket. Yeah. You know what I mean? So shout out to him man. I know he went through a whole bunch of injuries and stuff. It's good to see 'em back on the floor.


Most definitely man. Like you said And the way that that team plays when Ja is activated it is different bro. Facts. You got the rookies playing JLo Well's been hooping. Zach Ededie going crazy as well. Deon Bang gonna do what he do best. But just the impact he has on you on the floor. Like you said, he changes the whole culture, everything city every time. Yeah, for sure. Yeah man. But give us soon man y'all smoke that game. We talked about Jalen Green, you know what I'm saying? His draft D Class K Cunningham went crazy yesterday. Took care of the Knick 1 24 to one 19. My boy had 36 and four. Yeah. Beesley Allstar hearing must definitely has to happen. I didn't tell y'all to pick them boys yesterday. You did pick them yesterday. Malik Beasley went crazy. He had 22 Jaylen brussel hoop yesterday. 30, 31, 11. Excuse me. Kat had 26 and 12 Mikel Bridges had 27.


Man the was in. It ain't even, it ain't even a question about is he Allstar now is K Cotham gonna be all NBA? Can he make 13 my NBA with these type of numbers? He ain't mad at it. 24 7 and Dainer 10. Yeah. You ain't mad at it if he make 13 he can make it. Hell yeah. You was a, you was big on a K Cunningham train early dj. I'm gonna give you your props. I always been a fan of him. I liked this game. I didn't think he was better than Tre Young and stuff like that. But when I watch him play he got that Luca kind of thing. Like he use his body. Well he is not fast. He's strong. He's a big guard. Yeah. But he know how to create space and use his body and he make the game look pretty easy.


Like even when I watch him play, remind me of like Joe Johnson and those dudes. Hmm. It's like man it is super easy. Like he just bump you lay up bump you step back. How tall is he? Like six, seven. He like six eight. Nah, he a little bit taller. Yeah. Six six. Damn. He at the Factor. That boy look like he was six eight. Yeah he is six six. That's probably no shoes. Hey what's up? Crazy yesterday bro. We, he was walking down really good defenders bro. Like OG and Noby was in front of him yesterday and he didn't give a fuck like nah, excuse me. He big bodyguard bro with a lot of, he got a lot of counters too like yeah nah he nice bro. Yeah and listen man, we talked about the Pistons last year and what they doing so far. They 10 of their last 12, they did not have that type of a run at all.


Last year they won 21 games way more than won last year. If it wasn't Kenny sson, if it wasn't Mosley it would be JB Bickerstaff. Most definitely bro. Yeah. So you Got four, you got 500 with this team bro. Yeah. Respect bro. Nah, hell yeah. I ain't got no SMU for the, for the pistols. Detroit up the street y'all. We love Detroit man. But listen, they had a great win yesterday about these Knicks though. They been dropping some games. We don't expect them to lose. You think they need to just lock back in. Right. Just going through some shit. You, you can't win 'em all but niggas killed yesterday. You top three, They need a break. Crazy.


That's real. Shit. They need a day off bro. They need a break bro. They damn near play every day. They play every day. The whole game we just talked about can't 43 minutes Like come on they need a break. What was that Jalen bro? It Yeah, 39 break is 37 OG 38. They need a break. I ain't even being funny bro. Cash shouldn't be playing 43 right now bro. Cash should be around 34, 36 minutes per game. Yeah that matters. Yeah, Like I'm telling you, the only thing that scare me about the Knicks, I don't think they gonna make it to the playoffs bro. You, you, you keep saying that like they gonna miss a piece some something just too much man if they get there healthy You feel like he can't play nobody else though.


I feel 'em I I understand. I understand. Yo she locked in but Phil used to tell me bro you got, they ain't gonna give you they best effort for 43. Man you gotta, they gonna play they best about 32. I ain't believe them. Damn. But people do just be out there stealing minutes. Hmm. And I ain't saying cats stealing minutes and nobody's stealing minutes but just give 'em a chance to that's a lot of minutes. Yeah but then they sub in Jericho Sims and be like yeah I'm nothing can't get swipe back in the game. Nah, I understand because Tib want win every game. Yeah. It's hard though. I Feel you too. Too many games bro. It like you not gonna win every game.


They need a break man. And Nicks need some PTO out there working hard. They the first team I say they need mandatory load management Out of pocket team And I lovet but they need mandatory load management. Low management is crazy like Host, the host Star five can't play next mandatory load. Man these niggas work for, they contracts for show. They be mad about these athletes but the Knicks work for theirs. Yeah, if you are that contract here, y'all might wanna to get to New York because you gonna play, you get enough chance to get your minutes, head points. Boy. So Jimmy take his black ass story Jimmy. You want get a new deal boy try to find your way to New York. That would be insane if that happened. If somehow Jimmy Butler became a New York nigga this season That would nah they trying to make this core work.


If this team end up winning, this is going to be like some historical shit bro. Nah they got a fire squad but I just, they do. I'm just praying they all get there healthy to the playoffs said they get to the playoffs man they got a chance to win it man. They got a chance to win it. Like go to they bench. Lemme see how many minutes did Cameron pay play? Yes he did. 13. 13 minutes. Landit four minutes McBride 16. So McBride like pressures a chill. He gotta get to like 16 or 18 minutes. Landry Shaman should be around 16. Matt Ryan. I thought man that nigga ain't really precious. Yes. Yeah Cameron PR gotta get up to about six, about 18 to 19 minutes man.


You know what I mean? Yeah that's they gotta get to 18 max. Give him break T show man just a little bit. Just for the to the Allstar break. Yeah man the league gonna love that the day he said all five of his starters. They not all gonna ever sit out but I'm just saying get the the bench miners up a little more T give him a chance. I know you won't win every game. I know you, I feel you ain't nothing wrong with it. Yeah but I just want y'all guys to be healthy to get to that playoffs because I think y'all can win it. Most definitely. They all playing with Gatorade Cup game. It started off bad this year too so Yeah he had to make up ground but I think they could win it if they get there healthy. Most definitely. Shout to the Pistons man. Solid win. Your boy a went crazy yesterday had 41 with the win over the Wizards.


Jr had 20 N 10, cos had 22 and Jordan Pool had 20 and seven A been, you know what I'm saying? At LA Bucket since he said he tired that double team shit, He been destroying everybody bro. But we, we beat the team that already lost 40 games and so The not too much to talk about that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? This six six and 32 is crazy. The fact somebody lost more gangs than the Cavs won. It's crazy. Yes. Crazy. That Is disgusting. Crazy already bro. They're tanking. For real. I love that. Somebody put the question is are the wizard that bad right tanking? The answer is yes. The only answer is yes. Nah for real Bro.


But they are tanking. Yes they One of the saddest teams ever. Oh no they Are bro. Yeah they are. They are For real. They worse than that net team. Oh they ain't lost the Cavs won 30, Cavs won 33 3. Oh damn. That's crazy. Yeah they got more wins. It's some nasty teams. Y'all, y'all run a neck and neck with cast for wins and losses. That's crazy. Yeah I they might be one. They gotta be in the top five worst team. You know what's crazy too? The fucked up thing about it is they can go ahead and tank and you know what I'm saying and be number one. Then the lottery balls dropping. They get two, they Already tank. They probably get three. That's crazy season. The season is done But I think one year the Nets won like 12 games though. So they don't pace to beat the nets for sure.


Wow. Six wins is crazy. I remember about 80, I think the net started off like oh in 18 or something like that. I remember That cast team when LeBron, they won like 17, 18 games When LeBron left? Nah, when he was rookie year they was super, super trash When they year LeBron left. Oh they was that was that was you get Kyrie they were, no that was was it Anthony, Ben, they out with that or Kyrie? I don't know who Kyrie. Damn the Bobcats in 2012. The seven games Is crazy. That's when Kimba, that's when Kimba first got there. Damn no muck. Kim 2000. Oh the nine three Mavericks was ass what 11 to seven with trash? Yeah that New Jersey Next team shout Courtney Lee.


They won 12. Why y'all see because bro I just remember he came to the crib bro. They was so ass like there It is. I about say I knew them niggas was up there. Yeah They out there bullshitting too. They on Pace. Damn boy they On 12 but they don't pace for a solid 16 game win season. And Lamar Ham clipper team won nine games. That Oh five Hawks won 13 boy they was in there bullshit. I think that's when Wan was there. That's what yeah that was wan as that. Yeah they was in there bullshitting for sure get well assume man DC fans really die hard too. They, they shouldn't have to deal with that. Warriors let us down yesterday but not be here. They took an L to the rappers. 1 0 4 to 1 0 1 Step came through for your boy.


He def had 26. Wigs had 20, Scotty Barnes had 23 8 and six Warriors are struggling lost four the last five. They not 500 or more. He get Dre mind talking about some, you know what I'm saying, good teams. I'm worried their future basically what's up man? What, what they going to do? What they gonna do Man y'all Are we are we Warrior. You hating, you hating. Hey man, just sometimes you gotta stay the court. Stay the court. That's like telling nigga hey bro like bro it's your relationship. Do your thing my nigga. I'm telling you try to tell you know what I mean? But I'm not on, that's how niggas look too when they sit back in they chair, You know man, That's what niggas do.


I don't even know what to say man. Y y'all know I got, I love Steph Curry. One of the, probably the coldest PG ever. Yeah it's over. The Warrior are done. It's early y'all. It's early. It is early. I think they could make a run like they still got enough p people that's capable to make a run. They got Dre Ma, hall of Famer, Steph Hall of Famer, wigs a All Star player. Yep. Trey's playing good. They got enough people to make a run but I just don't See it. They was whooping shit at the beginning of the year. I don't, I swear they was going crazy. I don't know if they believe it though.


Draymond was out yesterday. He didn't play. But I don't know if they believe it. I don't know if they like think this is the group to do it. Draymond, that's the homie. You know we love Draymond but if he is the factor between y'all beating the Raptors and Yeah, it is time to, I mean yeah everybody gotta go home. Yeah, I mean it is. I mean they're a team. They, they not a great team. Did you see Buddy Hill shopper game yesterday? Put it up. I mean that's what he is out there to do. Put it up. Yeah, put it up. It's a struggle. That's what I, Well when Dre Miles's not playing, it's a different team. I agree. But they have to trade. They have to make a trade. If they wanna make the play in playoffs, whatever. I know Dennis is pissed. I was just fine where I was.


Y'all came and got me for this bullshit. Nah, he came and got me and now I'm not playing that great. And he is not playing awful but he is just not playing like he was playing before he got there. Yeah bro. Y'all could have left me where I was bro. Yeah, I was just fine. Like last night he had a solid game but man it's just tough. Yeah man. I don't know what they gonna do but give, well soon they gotta trade somebody That energy crazy. They need a big man. I know. Shot at Trace. But they need a big, they need boost. They need Boost Me use it. They could use it for sure. Make that call. Yeah. They need Voch. Well we'll definitely be monitoring that situation For sure. Y'all hold on. Y'all got them outta the playoffs or we playing? What we doing At, at at the moment?


They're battling with the Spurs for the play in situation so. Okay. Respect. I got 'em in the playing. I actually got them. I, I ain't gonna lie in my head I still got them making a playoffs over like the Lakers. Hmm. For some reason I just do. Hmm. Can't put a name I something's gonna happen. We're gonna revisit this but yeah I think they'll make the playoffs for sure. Probably play in but they'll make the playoffs for sure man. Get well soon. Clippers got the Doug yesterday over the heat 1 0 9 to 98. Your favorite white boy went crazy yesterday. He's actually really good. Yeah he had 32 and Peasy was killing O 29. James Harden 26 and 11 went crazy in the fourth quarter. Yeah. To seal that. And hey Zoo went crazy yesterday.


21 and 20 Zoo Been doing his thing bro. We don't speak on Nah. Him and James Harden is a hell of a pick and roll threat bro. He would see me in the DM like man y'all always showing love to nps because that's my guy. But shout to back. He holding shit down in the paint. Nah, 20 rebounds. Boy you was playing some motherfucking basketball yesterday. Oh Yeah. That's a sleeper team too for people. Dude. Tyler Harold make the Allstar team Got too bro. And who's out? We're the complexion for the connection. You Gonna help me on Milk back 20, 24, 5 and five. He having a hell of a year. It sucks that he might get robbed for the Allstar team. I think as much as I'm rooting for Trey Young, I think he's out.


I think he's out. He doesn't make the Allstar team this year. Trey Young doesn't make it over Tallah hero. Tallah Hero makes it over Trey Young. Ooh, that's tough. I love Trey Young. I think he play, I think he's playing great. Y'all know I'm probably the biggest fan and his stats is gonna show great. But he's one of those guys that just get forgot about. 'cause Atlanta we not we good but we not Great. I see what You're saying. You go to the standings please. Yeah. And you see, you know what I mean? They in seventh, we in ninth. I mean that's a game. I know. But in a voter's world, you know he get way more loved than the Hawks.


Yeah that's, listen, we go through the guards in the East who is like Allstar potential. Let's just name something right now. K Jalen Brunson Lalo. We know them three gonna make it for sure. Right. And then you go through the other possibilities. You look at Damien Lillard, you look at it. Trey Young. Yeah look at it. Tyler Hero when damn man. Like look at a Darius Garland. Like somebody gonna be out in this situation rightfully. I mean I think Trey Young should make it, but I think he just might get left off. Like think about it. All the stuff that's going on with the heat. Jimmy Butler suspended seven games not playing. Bambi's been heard a little bit. I think he just set out this game. Then you got Tyler Hero who's been the, the consistent player for the heat and they stealing a playoff race.


Yeah. And he having a career year. Yeah. And when you look on the TV espn, when we talk about the Heat, that's who pop up


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin. Tell about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deir, former 700 Game NHL defenseman turn NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Burki, that's Short of Casa Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah it was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


Respect the hawks never pop up ons. PN rarely. Oh yeah. Nah, rarely We rarely pop up so. And if it do it's a negative connotation for Reon which is kind of crazy still. Yeah we rarely like he made the half court shots. It's the only love we ever get and it and it is messed up but it's the way it goes and all the stuff that's going around the heat And for him to still be playing like this and they still winning. Yeah he gonna get denied probably. Yeah that fool will be interesting to see the Eastern S Guard selection for sure. We got some reports, I don't know how true they are but allegedly some jello. Oh. Oh my fault. We'll talk about that shortly too. Jimmy Butler allegedly flying private to games, missing more shoot arounds like time about right.


Is that worthy of a seven game suspension? I think that's kind of crazy still but just spending your own money is crazy to fly as wild. But that's jumbo. Yeah. So what do you want me to do bro? I'm bored. Freebie. I don't even wanna rob y'all work they say. Yeah that's just let Him go bro. I think it's more ego. I mean think it's money behind it but it's an ego struggle for sure because Pat Riley ain't gone call from Nothing bro. He don't give a fuck about no money care, nothing about no money bro. Get me outta here. Flying private on your own is crazy. I'll see y'all there at the game is crazy in NBA respect. That's what I'm saying. He don't care bro is like I heard a lot.


I I ain't heard that one. You hear people missing the bus or missing the Nah, I'm gonna meet y'all there. I don't even wanna be shit if I did that nigga I'd be sitting in the airports. Hey be on commercial fly. I'd be sitting at the gate. This nigga is stupid ass man. He be all over motherfucking t. Yeah. Yeah look at it. They supposed to be on their way to Charlotte. He at the gate he cut with three hit Charlotte with three bags, three layovers too nigga the 10 hour and if Mike booked it, I was in the back of the plane that went crazy on TikTok too by the way. And you know what, that's funny. They always readily resurface that picture of you when you missed the bus.


The why get that is a wild ass picture. Why they resurfaced it with the Zion shit. They was like hey team did it first they outta pocket fuck y. Hey you see the Tel got first take? Yeah. Yes he tried to stop it z the drive through Tel Sentel undefeated baby I need to beat banned bro. Nah, I locked. Need to go. Y'all need to go when TikTok though? Nah bro. Nah that ain't going nowhere said I said yeah I already seen it. ESPN used it the first take did. Yes bro. First take y'all. Y'all funny. They running outta shit to do. Yeah Tel going crazy bro. We need you bro. They like Ja Marin basketball pair with the Tel bro.


Respect for sure man. Couple games now I wanna see how y'all feel about 'em. Cavs ad Pacers Gabs Cav re re rematch right? Yeah. Yeah. Cav C by 20 Pace was cover night. Don't worry about it. Thunder at 76 Thunder, thunder Light. Yeah. I didn't know why I had to say the 17 light. Yeah Light work Sun's at Sun. I was my fault but I was supposed to be in town for that. God occupied doing something. I got a game. Yeah Sons I got whoa Hawks nigga. Okay. Yeah but he don't give a fuck anyways. Sally, I'm gonna go Hawks, pelicans at Bulls, bulls, I'm gonna take the pills man.


For some reason I think they gonna get a little rhythm. Not gonna make the playoffs or nothing. But they got they guys back seem like they wanna play a little bit. Is Zion playing basketball today? That's gonna be my, yeah, that's a great question. Is he playing? Yeah, probably not. Chicago got good food. Yeah. Oh yeah, he not fine. He's he's definitely gonna Portillos for sure. Yeah he King's at Bucks. I got, I got the Bucks. They, they, the King's playing great but I got the Bucks. I rode with the Bucks too. I rode with the Bucks as well. Nuggets at Mavs Nuggets. Mm Yeah nuggets about the Mavs. Yeah. I'm gonna take the Nuggets Nets at Blazers. I'm gonna go with the Blazers now. Oh that's the two B game of the day. Tuby game of the Decades. Yeah, that's the mid off for sure.


I go Nets, I'm going nets because I, I don't even wanna watch that game at all. Oh Lord. Here we go. The Rams beat the shit out the, the Rams beat the sleeve off the Vikings yesterday. Sam Darnell went from about to getting 50 s to getting less than what Jello ball to sign for. It is up up boy he better. Yeah The Vikings might be like yeah we just gonna roll with our, our first round pick man. You can go ahead and leave. Yeah, we had tum conversations. Yeah, JJ McCarthy got great job security. I know he was at the crib grinning yesterday. I'm laughing. Damn. We, you know that's a like a reverse hate like Vegas is half day boy God I hate that you played that bad. The wins for Vegas yesterday. Good win. Nobody had the Rams beating the Vikings.


You know what's crazy? The crazy underdog after the Ball week on the lowest of Keys, the ResMan All right the rest of the season now I wasn't expecting this game at all. Nobody was Probably, I'm saying that was a big underdog that year After that Vikings after they got their ass beat the other day. I knew yeah, that the Rams was gonna beat 'em. I had the rims. I I I thought they was about to be a belt to ass situation the other way but, and I felt like they always gonna be hyped to play. You know everything that happened to LA they had to move outta the stadium, go to Arizona and play the game. I knew the Rams would like be together. Yeah, yeah. Like they was gonna be hyped to play. They was playing some I was for a boy. Yeah. I seen his commercials a lot too so I knew something was up. Yeah man it will soon man. But you got that bed Mike pulls, you know he got that bed with his wife, the cold side, the hot side massage side.


Ah, oh yeah. You know you be buying weird shit like that. See what I'm saying? I told you this nigga, I sleep number bed. I think he still got waterbed too. You gotta watch him man. Different Deion Sanders is not going to be there coach the Cowboys. Why not? I doubt it. I don't see that happening. Look that shit I would love for it to happen. But that check different boy bro. Listen until Jerry is up room we ain't gonna be shit 'cause he's gonna micromanage every I got about a year or two. Yeah he got about two more Super Bowls than him. And then we'll be back to Yeah We'll be in Colorado. He is a buff. Yeah. These conversations I told y'all at the beginning of the year bruh, We're not in a position if we could in a position like higher up to get his son.


Oh I'm a thousand percent with it. I would love to have Deion Simmons as my head coach Nor the Raiders have a chance. So something About something about that check hit different, Know what I'm saying? So if You get offer eight or 9 million a year and you only getting five from the bus, I don't know how much you getting but I ain't checking his pockets. But I bet if they double it, I bet he be gone. I'll just, I mean I would listen, I would love for that to happen but No I wouldn't man. It's just gonna be Michael stay college bro. Now you gonna have to tap in if Dionne's head coach of cowboys, you gotta be game now. No I won't bro. See that's that problem. Why wouldn't he? Why wouldn't y'all want Deion as the head coach? Why not? I do. I think y'all gonna suck regardless. Is He good? That's, see that's that shit. I didn't like Mike McCarthy. I never understood that. So I wasn't sad about him leaving but I don't Jerry's the head coach.


It ain't gonna matter. Not gonna suck regardless, you know, matter respect, shout to the four nine ERs. Tennessee tight. He had one. We had one bad year. Everybody was hurt. Cam Ward going to the Browns. What's up? I want better for that young man. I want so much better for that young man to life. Shado go in Tennessee. That's what they think. Number one. That's cool. Tennessee actually got a really good foundation for him. Ah, I don't think they have foundation for anything. Nah, they got a cool foundation for a young quarterback. Man. It won't be the worst. Like he could go to New York ain't got a bad New York could be better for him honestly. But it ain't like the worst situation you can go to.


He can go. The Brown's actually a great spot for a quarterback. Hmm. When they got everybody healthy. Yeah, I was gonna say that. Like they old line when everybody, if everybody come back healthy, it ain't that bad. That shit would and you got stop watching is crazy. Yeah know that's, that's crazy. And your running back game though with Chubs and now you got, you got some players around you. Yeah it is just, yeah I Titans boy that's the headache going on Titans. I mean it ain't that bad though. If you go really go check out they roster they they trash but they ain't trash Trash. They, they've let some good players slip through there too long. They did? Yeah. When they let AJ Brown first league, that's when I know was for, I know they was tripping but anyway. Yeah for sure. Verified buckets be he who was getting to it yesterday?


My dog An 41 7 and six light day on the field for us over a shitty team. But we'll take it for sure. Yeah sure. He went crazy man. I got a shout. It's your favorite white boy Tyler hero. He went crazy yesterday and a lost 32, 11 and seven. Y'all show some respect. Nah, fuck that. Jalen Green was the one. Yes sir. And a big win against the grizzley. He showed up 42 career high clowning. It's that soul food we getting. Yeah, their finger looking. Yeah. Well that's something else too but shit, shout to the whole platter. Yeah The real platter ISS crazy. But yo, shout to Kade Cunningham man. 36 piece, you know what I'm saying? Getting a dug bitch over the Knicks who needs some encouragement this Tuesday morning to be here and get well soon.


You know, Ja put Thompson in the blender yesterday. Oh yeah, let's check that clip out. Yeah, twin played great yesterday but you know what I'm saying. Get tricky. You know when You played defense at that high level though, come with it. Yeah. Especially against people. That's good. Yeah. Come With That's actually good defense though. Better. Oh my God that's a don't work that hard for nigga to still score how you look. Look check this out though. This is how you know that you got ability to get to the rim. Look, go all the way to the beginning of the play. This is just some real basketball shit. Look where he start his drive at this. How much people respect you. Like go all the way back again. Don't nobody start he inside the three point.


You see what I'm saying? Yeah. People respect his speed and his craftiness with the basketball. They gotta give him space like and he just keep attacking. Look where he playing at? He playing in the middle of the paint. Bow bow. He playing one on one at the elbow. That's crazy. I don't give a damn. If you help I'm still gonna let you. That's tough. That's tough. That's how explosive Ja is that you gotta give him so much space that he's literally playing in the mid post and he's six foot. Yeah, it's crazy. Give us on Thompson man. Play good d Sometimes shit get tricky like that. Mike get will some goals to Anthony Davis. Man he got caught lacking yesterday. Devin Vasso had a crazy game yesterday and a hell of a highlight too man. He on a max deal. People don't even Wow.


Hey Iso Bam Baby Cross. Mm Yeah he definitely punched it on him for sure. Yeah, that was tough for sure. Get will soon. My get well soon go to the Wizards because they, they suck. They honorary get well soon. They gonna be my get well soon for the rest of the year to They trade Kma and Pool or whoever they trying to get rid of. Yeah. Free my boy pool winner. Valenti the winner. Yeah. We don't deserve that. That's Get soon song for sure. Man. My giveaway song goes to the Minnesota Vikings give it up Nine sacks and the playoff game. Yeah, that's crazy. And it was funny 'cause you know Troy a be popping his shit sometimes, but he all the time he, he was going crazy yesterday as best he could on the broadcast.


He is like all them wins for nothing. I was like damn Real shit though. They play, who are we yesterday? Troy Eggman is, nevermind. Troy Eggman is. Hey Troy. Akin be talking crazy. Yeah, He's, he, he ain't worse than Aaron Rogers though. Nobody is. Nah, but Troy Eggman just is more disrespectful 'cause the damer be true. Aaron Rogers be on his conspiracy shit. Troy Eggman tell you like 85 reasons why the Cowboy is his trash and like all of 'em be true. But he just put more hate in there like Yeah it is like he don't like the Cowboys but he love the Cowboys. It is weird. Yeah, I, I care about 'em but I hate him like I, the way he used to talk about Tony Romo like when he would get the broadcast games bro. I'd be like, bro, I didn't fuck with Romo either bro. But it was crazy. He hate Tony Romo but Tony Romo is the best that broadcasting though. Ah, football.


Yeah. That play my plays shit is different bro. He can tell you what's gonna happen like, no, no. Like the other day I was watching the game, he was like, don't ahead and send him motion and dude send him motion. I was like damn. He was like, yeah he has to send him motion. You gotta see what the defense is doing. Send him in motion and he did it. I was like, see Tony Romo different. Yeah man, once my time. But he better than Tom Brady at that. Oh yeah. It is not even close bro. Yeah, Tom, Tom, he's not that good at it. It'd be far. I I mean obviously could happen now, but if there could have been like a, a John Baton, Al Michaels and Tony Romo broadcast at one point. That would be crazy. Yeah, Tony Romo code, he'd be breaking shit down for sure. RBN you know what I'm saying? Bless you. You started off the weak Strong my boy. What you got for him today? Trying wins some more paper. Don't tell me it's two in a row. Oh man.


Shout out to Draft Kings. You remember King? The Crown is always yours and never hers man. Yeah. Today we got Tyrese Maxey for 20, Paul George for 15. Okay. Donvan McNabb, I mean Don Mitchell for 20 McNabb. Okay. Trey Young 20, Zion Williamson 20, DeMar 20 yo is 25, 300 wins you $3,000 today. Hey, turn Up. Keeping it light man. 300 win three K Man. For sure man.


But last but not least, before we get outta here, we got a little question for you. This name ain't it is Penta. Penta salad to Penta man. He done came over to the WE one of the top Luchar doors ever. I was like, what the fuck is that? It's a wrestling thing. He beat Chad Gable last night in a match, which was dope. He came over there, said his speech afterwards. Shout out to my boy. What's the dude Aaron Rogers be going all the time? Pat McAfee. Pat McAfee. He was calling the match and after the match he was like, Penta is nice, but I don't understand shit he, he's saying. And I was like, no disrespect but shout out to him man. It was a, it was a dope match.


He's a dope. He's a dope wrestler, A great debut against Chad Gable. The fans was going crazy for sure. It was pretty cool. Shout out to Drake from the hood for the question. I forgot which day we picked. We'll give y'all a heads up. We're gonna take some more questions from y'all. We appreciate the check going crazy in the Morning, good energy from y'all, but we will be back tomorrow morning. Y'all be safe. Five 20 In The Morning, The Volume.


I'm Peter Schrager, host a Good Morning football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whip up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nam RK here to tell about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason ERs here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food and NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts and you will be glad you did.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball Trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.