
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is supported by Talkspace. When my husband came home from his military deployment, readjusting was hard for all of us. Thankfully I found Talkspace. Talkspace provides professional support from licensed therapists and psychiatric providers, online military members, veterans and their dependents. Ages 13 and older can get fast access to providers all from the privacy of their computers or smartphones. I just answered a few questions online and Talkspace matched me with a therapist we meet when it's convenient for me and I can message her anytime. It was so easy to set up and they accept Tricare therapy was going so well. My husband and I started seeing a couple's therapist through Talkspace too. Talkspace works with most major insurers including Tricare match with a licensed therapist today at talkspace.com/military. Go to talkspace.com/military to get started today. That's talkspace.com/military.


Stepping into the Kia K four or K five isn't just getting behind the wheel of any average sedan. It's stepping into what's next with a K four. It's stepping into a world that's exciting with a K five. It's one that's bold. The Kia K four and K five. The next movement for sedans. See your local Kia dealer or visit kia.com to learn more Kia Movement that inspires. Call 803 3 3 4 Kia for details. Always drive safely.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be No. This is absolute Season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and It's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The volume. Good evening, five 20 In The Morning at night game three recap. Man. Sad news. I got a report on it man. My pace is fucked it up man. We ain't used to shit. Man. Blew a 20 point lead tonight man. Nicks came to the bridge and got a dub. Shout out to Carl Anthony Towns. He put belt to ass by himself in the fourth quarter. God damn Slow start bro. Missed opportunity by the pacer night. Man. Ka went crazy in the fourth quarter. Yeah Cat better than Joker bro. Hell nah. Y'all was up 20. Excuse me, Cat better than Joker. He was late again so he drunk. I'm glad you now you finally him.


Yeah, he was late again. We said we gonna be here at fourth quarter. He lying. But anyway he got 2 5 2 pauses in one day. I'm sick of the shit. But listen, they was up 20 points man. Yeah man. The Pacers. It was a winnable game. I actually, You know what it reminds me of? Of the Knicks being up 20 and they lose the game to the Pacers in game one. So it seemed like they just switched roles. Pacers Blue Game. I mean Nick's Blue Game one in New York. Yeah. Pacers Blue game three. Yeah man, listen, like you said a tell us two half for sure the Pacers took care of business in the first half. One thing I wasn't alarmed even though Reggie Miller kept saying this going into the half up 13 instead of 20. Yeah, we definitely took our foot off the gas and that was the tail of the second half for sure.


We had a Rocket didn't play the best but Knicks didn't play that well either. Foul Trouble was definitely the story of this game. I told y'all boy, when they send them troops in bro, they gets the Pacers boy. They send guys best referee boy Scott Foster was out there while in the day. I'm telling you Scott Foster was gonna be there. But the thing was the Knicks actually played some other people. We got a Landry shaman. What he he popped in the game. The line. Right. I was nothing on Shaman go Tyree though. I am Shammy play hard. That shit helped him bro. You have to let other people who you do gotta Let other people hoop. But I was like bro let's Be real. That's why the Knicks Won today. Nah, for real. It was a team effort today bro. And he played good in his minutes. He played well. Yeah and he did bro.


Yo Deuce went crazy. His minutes Miles McBride played very well. His minutes. I mean I know that gonna be a crazy show but that nine Points he had was impactful 'cause he went on a run by himself. Yeah, he would've Been better off with Jalen Brunson getting 40 tonight bro. And nobody else scoring. Yeah, She would've won Now You know what you on. So Mo, a lot of people have been saying he would bro, the key to success is You know Jalen Brunson gonna kill Jalen. Bruns gonna do what he gonna do, but when he got the ball ain't nobody else involved. I'm listen bro, let him Get 50 Bro. When I said Jason, when Jalen Brunson hold the ball way too long, everybody was like, oh T hating T You know that's a fact. And then when you watch the game and you see that every time they're successful in this series. Yeah. Jalen Brunson been off the court.


Yeah, that's like that TNT post game. They asked him just a couple minutes ago, You know what I'm saying? Basically every question was how is it when other people killing 'cause you sitting out. Yeah. Yeah. And it is not because he not good or killing, it's just because he don't let nobody else hoop bro. Yeah, he He still got that motherfucker up tonight though. He did. Oh You know that bro. We'll get the FJ Up. But he was off the court bro. And they, they was playing team ball more. Yeah. Six or 18. Yeah. I mean let's not strip, he hit a big shot down the strip after Big Shot do his thing. Yeah but like, like I said, like Kat is way better when he's not on the floor. Like we see a dynamic in Kat that we haven't seen in a while. Right. Kat's second half performance is unbelievable. Ka fourth court he had 24 points. He had 20 and the fourth he dominated.


He was out even he was rebounded too though. Better in the second half as well. So Yeah, But Brunson Was out. Jaylen Brunson was out. Kat stepped up comfortable bro. Yeah. And I he had To watch him like iso the Hogan. Alright g Disney Chess said Ma Ma started try to win it all y'all. I wasn't mad at that shot. It wasn't a bad shot. It wasn't, he had tot shoot it too dude. I wasn't mad at it at all. He had to. Tyree should have got a better action in that situation. I definitely agree with. When you said that Mo did nothing wrong. Yeah bro, he shot a, a quality shot rim out. I ain't mad at that Now if he went iso some shit then we'd have had different conversation. Nah it Should have won that game though. No. Yeah, no question about it won the game. I think it's the same way the Knicks fans felt in game one like Supposed two one. For real for real. Yeah we supposed to be up two one.


Who is? We we nah we just swap games nigga. Nah, nah that's y'all. You can't take what Jeff said that's, that was cool but I'm taking Really supposed to be up two one bro. Well I don't believe in IFS two one But it is what it is though. Swap game the win. Yeah but I'm not gonna lie, this changed the whole series now bro. Oh my god. No It didn't change it as the Pacer's going to lose it changed it with they confidence bro going down three. Oh okay. You like we shot two one give you life bro. Yeah like now they like we just gotta get this one and it is back. It is a even series and we got home court event jam. Bru didn't kill Three O was like bro we Got one nobody really shot good but OG tonight. Yeah everybody else played.


Yeah they didn't pay Well Said realistically outside that first half it was just a really kind of even killed games. It was a ass game. Yeah it was not like, let's not like this is what I said. I said it last night like hey no it's really, it is really a ass game. This was an This JV series For real. I keep trying to tell you hey Relax. Nah that other shit, The other shit lit. Other shit had a good game over there, other Shit lit. We gave You you two classics. All right. You gave me two classes and two games. Don't nobody remember none of them games out west. I niggas is out bowling out west nigga doing laundry out West Out west is weak. I ain't gonna, I'm not a fan of out west games. My, my boys won yesterday but this shit, that shit weak.


Damn. We tired it all boys. My boy won C shout to Hey man he's a fun. You my boys won yesterday. Oh get that, get that jersey Out here. Alright so now shout I that podcast shout about Dvy Chin's jersey. The real zero turn That bitch around It if I turn around it's a classic. Hey yo pause he That was crazy. That was off topic Scott Foster s or so he some post champions. Hey when Scott Foster pulls up to town bro You know it was gonna get stingy with them calls bro it gonna play with Tyrese got slapped in his arm but he looked at him and said Keep going game.


I thought that was crazy but hey they called it both ways 'cause man Kat had foul trouble so did Jalen Brunson. I was really disappointed in the Pacers when Kat got those fouls that we did not attack him anymore. Yeah he got to four fouls and they just stopped just being aggressive. Yeah I'm not mad at the refs or nothing bro. We up 20 bro. Oh nah you blew that game. You blew that game. I don't care about all that shit. Shit bro. We are not used to that shit man. We embarrassed. Look it's people in town for the 500 came See down 40 again. I needed another 40 bro. Co Consistent bro. You can't give us 30 and come back 12 like come on Bro. Hey like you said but just one game. Look Kat ain't gonna score 20 in the fourth game series but he did it tonight. That's what matters is more capable to anybody over here.


He could do that again. I don't disagree. He could do it. He better than everybody over there bro. I would hear that he could do It. He is. I don't think he's gonna do it. He's Better than everybody on the Pagers. I don't wanna hear nobody's better until they beat us in a serious because if we beat them a serious, I don't care how good niggas are. You can be good at at home. I niggas gotta stop disrespecting Kat. No, Kat is cool. The Kat do a lot of weird shit like B he's comedian but he really one of them y'all he is bro. He is Really good. Like don't get it fucked up like him. He, him having this fourth quarter, like it ain't like unheard of bro. He'll really get to it. Yeah like so I don't want niggas to sleep and think like This is, I mean to be fair he had four quarter to The fourth Called like Aren get 30 respect to Aren Nesmith But that was like a what the fuck y'all Chad having a 24 and 15 bro.


He do that Aren knee Smith was wants a lifetime. Nobody's ever picked five three like That. I'm just saying bro. Six three and a Four. It's a difference. They we went to that go-to that floater at the end him. I'm like come on Bro. Now I ain't gonna hold you knee Smith my dog, I tried to catch a shoot three he he came back in and was on complete bullshit 'cause he ca came in off the inbounds and shot that bullshit of the all and then you floated on the baseline. The Baseline floater was Crazy. Yeah we could have got better that We need a bucket right there. I really had shot the catch and shoot three bro. True. I agree. I agree bro. Bro this shot Aren bro. Aren keep playing your game. Keep playing your game. Keep playing. They saying when you I Was waiting for my nigga to say, Saying last game.


We said that with Aren Smith but through the middle said why the fuck did he shoot that Did Jeff talk when these niggas had 30? What happened? Nobody was saying that when you, when you I told you about these it documented but go, I told you about these pacing fans when you came back and hit all them shots. Aren Smith you was a goddamn, you was a boy Nap town leader. Nah you had a good game. Nap Town finals. We had a good game. You shootfighting Niggas is you still, we at you shoot a shot in a for now Aren. What? What ne whatever his name is. What that Nigga Neman. Marcus. Marcus. Fuck what he do tonight Mike. Yeah, 22%. Yeah. Be the real you kid. I'm saying that nigga shoot one shot tonight. Niggas is like why the fuck is you shooting?


It wasn't why he shooting at they mad at me for speaking the truth. It was a tough shot if he would've Shot to catch a shoot three and I would Say he won y'all to game with his 30 ball. He did. That's a fact. He Shooting so his confidence keep his confidence high. But He wasn't shooting ripped floaters on the baseline bro. He So now he Ain't got that in. I got that's that's that's in my game. Listen it was never really there to begin with. My God I don't think he got that. Look How he, he got a lot his back but that ain't it. I rather him that ain't, that ain't never seen See how they turned on you Tyree shot that. I be like nigga you brus shot bro. That's Jay Bru. Ja Bruss came down the real version of He had a versatile 30 that one game and y'all niggas was like Aren Eastman for Don't, don't, don't let him beat you. I know what he's trying to do right here now. We still locked in game.


Don't worry about the outside. Fuck with you. We you the bad shot. That is a tough shot. Tough shot. I swear these Pacer fans are crazy man. I with you In man. Don worry you celebrate not when you tolerate. No he like this bad shot. I want to hear every, I want to give, I want everybody on the internet. That was mad at me. I want see tweet post, do all that shit. Do it all tonight. We would've won. I still would've said that was a bad shot Bro. I don't think so. I Said it the other day. Y y'all was popping y'all shit these first two games As we should popping my shit and then we still did. I seen still win series earlier. A gentleman sweeten they was up 20 mooc like yeah I can't believe we going to the finals. Yeah he said that shit too nigga.


I did. Oh is That true? Yeah, niggas telling love each other. So what happened? Get a full story. He had his, his pace of Jersey ready get. I did, I did. He was on, I was using reverse psychology this whole time. I've been rude for everybody but the revoke his sugar Need, need there. Shout to all my Knicks niggas that pulled up, You know to the city. You know what I mean? This your town. It's your town. It's never town. It's never your Town. All some real shit though. All jokes. I gotta show you how the video bro niggas got the qua bro across the street from Ripple bro. I mean from the Gaines Bridge bro. They really bumping African. Yeah in the bar it's going down. It Nicks and Pacer Knicks first Pacers.


So it's really, we really stand no shit idiot that Alright fuck it. I'm rolling with Pacers nigga Pacers is six IT Downtown niggas in there whooping shit. Hey you see Parking said 200 from Pace Fans a hundred for Knicks Band. Yeah. Fuck y'all. What day Charge fans? 200? No. Two 20 Knicks man. Oh with Facts. Nah, I'll fuck with that.


This is the NBA playoffs where Heroes Rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the Draft King sports book and official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that Code Club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's Code Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do but we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and od protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is supported by Talkspace. When my husband came home from his military deployment, readjusting was hard for all of us. Thankfully I found Talkspace. Talkspace provides professional support from licensed therapists and psychiatric providers, online military members, veterans and their dependents. Ages 13 and older can get fast access to providers all from the privacy of their computers or smartphones. I just answered a few questions online and Talkspace matched me with a therapist we meet when it's convenient for me and I can message her anytime. It was so easy to set up and they accept Tricare therapy was going so well. My husband and I started seeing a couples therapist through Talkspace too. Talkspace works with most major insurers including Tricare match with a licensed therapist today at talkspace.com/military. Go to talkspace.com/military to get started today. That's talkspace.com/military.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne. For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug fans. Benny the Butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill N Hhl Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz, Kara Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the Warren Drugs podcast. Season two on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser Told them from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser Incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one Taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Alright man, super chat Abdul Ryan said Niels Serious today. Trey Hart and Bridges. Well I don't give a fuck for who? For who? Yeah. Who's taking that money? What we doing Abdul? Get some rest boy. Yeah, go to go to sleep Game Big 10. Pause. Go pray on your rug and oh for Holly and JB who y'all think more important J Har and no disrespect, shout to your religion. It's Big 10. That is a morning show question. But shout out to ae. He bounced back for shout. Shout to fuck. He's a dig. He's fried. He makes everything Mark. That nigga said go pray. Your nigga said lock in yo Pac Haw said what the hell he wizard Kelly R. Kelly Nixon six.


That's what R Kelly bar y'all gonna lose. But that's what his shit they losing for that ball. Alright, Dari. Mike said N Empire was playing scary as hell. Shoot the Rock. I don't like niggas like Dari might because Nigga and I don't think Nihart, was he there for nine tonight? No. Fuck. Don't think he was scared. He wasn't scared. He wasn't scared. Fuck all that bro. He's not scared. No. Fuck all that. He ain't scared. Don't say nothing bad about the Pacers. None of you niggas. No. Nihar was scared. No. Fuck that Nihart played. Played great. I'm gonna take up her bro. He wasn't, he wasn't scared bro. Nihar played great. He just some great shots before Hear. Especially the last game. Don't complain about the papers at all. He's not. Yeah he notall ain't going that head a podcast all of a sudden niggas wanna No. Stop that. Yeah. Don't we celebrate Aren e Smith.


Don't they worry about your team? Niggas is fake. No, we not mad at Knee Smith. No shot one bad shot. Nick Smith, you on the block? Nah, see there we go. Definitely on the block. You know what was crazy today? The Tony Bradley menace, You know what I'm saying? They was a little bit productive but Rick said I'm not fucking with Thomas Bryant. He was absolutely hilarious to today. I ain't gonna lie though. TJ McConnell be giving y'all love, bro. No, TJ n got first half. He Been doing that though. Tj, He hooped out first half bro. I I ain't gonna lie, I fuck with him. He Been doing that Though. Yeah. I I for you. He come in all fast and shit. Yeah, he got a quick team. Yeah, he, he got a quick team. See here's the only problem with that, that he going, he gonna get you that quick 10 but after that shit might get spooky and That cannot hit a three to Save his life.


No. And that lineup when they go to the backup center. I told y'all with TJ Nash it'd be nasty bro. 'cause there ain't no separation on them screens. No, He's better when he going downhill though. He low key scary going downhill. Yeah, for Real. For real. Because he saw, and honestly that was the reason why Jalen Brunson got fouls him and Deuce because Deuce McBride had a couple fouls in the first day. So I definitely wanna show to tj. He hooping For them confidence. I I like the way he hooped. For real. For real. T fuck with him too. All right. Christopher Cooper said belt add DJ and y'all up. Hey I will set that. We took the L tonight for show. We still up two one. So That was a I hope y'all this on Tuesday. Facts. I hope so. Be in the building. I hope y'all bring that energy Tuesday. I mean y'all back against the wall. It was an urgent day for y'all. For y'all more Than us. My mama was, I think the pace was gonna win Tuesday.


I ain't gonna lie. We gonna win one at the crib bro. But we're getting it. It is good to see the Knicks like bounce back a little bit though. Yeah. Show some heart. Yeah, it show some heart. Dang exciting bro. Made interesting. Would've been weak bro. Yeah man, it's like a baby boy. Us too. But it would've been weak bro. It's like baby boy we got to do at the end, he ain't punching me in the face. Hey Nigga is throwing this us around Crazy. You know who he is just like you nigga keeps keys y Studio ever before Saw. I ain't gonna lie, I ain't a Knicks fan. I ain't gonna ever say that. Go it. It's j Tatum fault. I I was rolling with Boston. I ain't rolling with the Knicks. Dang. You will soon. Alright. That man says shouts to TJ Nash for the parlay cash. Hey, get your your money boy. I you only send $2.


That's, Hey fair question nigga. You for a man gonna send us two. I aint man, that's a good, good pickup on your parlay For sure. Nah, but shout out to you for sure. Pastor Joint Podcast. Say yes sirs at five. Let's get it. Facts. You know the vibes gentleman Sweet. We nice people Patto. Lucas said Twitter out of pocket for calling Halliburton and Hol Band. Yeah, the Oh, wild as hell. That was wild. Yeah. Be careful. Be careful. I fuck with that. The, the Photoshop pick is crazy. No, I'm saying that that, that's kind of tough though. I, You know, it's not. That is crazy. If it was in team except New York, I would fuck with it. But that is, it's like I'm saying I fuck with it because it like y'all torturing y'all city. Like you could not say like everything went bad when you hit the three.


Like that shit go. Could say that. But You know what, they didn't say that for Cleveland. Hey, y'all called me. That's the reason. Hey, Y'all called me the fuck one. I'm saying didn't say it against Milwaukee. If you, if you really look at what, what they trying say it's like we The little Wayne bars outta pocket. We fucking y'all city up. Yeah we get the bar. See Tyre fucking the city Up. That's that little Wayne Emmett Bar Facts Right there. You can't say that bro. Can't Say that bro. Why can't you Respect bro? Y'all want me to get deep from there? Pull no. Y'all want me to take this? No we don't. Y'all want me, y'all want me to tell the truth or alright. Can't nigga Can't say nothing no more.


Y'all know how crazy that is. We really can't talk no more. Comedians can't say no more. Nah, but this niggas, y'all want me to get deep. That really mean like in my thoughts. Nah, I get it. That's nah. Y'all niggas like, no, no, no, no. Funny stuff. Can't talk no funny stuff. Now my team boss, I don't wanna hear that thoughts. I'm so mad. Can't trouble said Instagram. Best the West Cross game look like bedtime with the nightlight on God. Damn. Oh that's a good bar. That's a bar. Ha. Alright boy, you thought about that one. Respectful. See that nigga is 10 back. That shit was lying. He's disrespectful. Yeah. Can't trouble do better next time. Sean Artes said TJ is a solid player who was mad nervous with that wide open three though. But he shoot four he game he can.


It is a reason why he take his time. He cannot shoot that Can't shoot three sir. MVP at this point. That's a good question. Fucking Miles Turner. What do you mean? He Probably the most Important. I was gonna give him that into that four footer. I mean he had a, he had a, but it got, Yeah, he had a let down. I think he the most important Boy Aren East Smith. Probably the most I, yeah, I gotta give Aren East Smith that so far. Shit, we wouldn't even be in a series right Him right now. So it's Luke Christopher Cooper again. Tuesday night we hear two, two Nixon seven. I ain't gonna lie, don't put your money on the king. I'm gonna go with the Pacers on Tuesday night. Yeah, we gonna bounce back, but we gotta figure out what really happened. What was the meltdown point in this pacer game tonight? Man? What happened? End of that, End of that second. They cut that from 18 to 13, bro.


I think the, That third quarter I, I want, I'm gonna rewatch that third, fourth quarter night before we talk about it in more honestly, that fourth quarter was the End of, the second was bad. End of the third and the fourth. I don, I think Cgo have a slow start. Like they didn't Finish no quarters. Well, except the first Bro. Yeah. I don't want to be too critical of this. I did not like how we came out in the fourth and I thought that that lineup change should have happened a little bit early. 'cause I felt like if we would've came out and punched him in the mouth in the fourth, yeah we would've killed that comeback shit. But we allowed that to happen also. Hey, You know if K gonna cook, maybe throw a double his way. You know what I'm saying? Something. It just couldn't be that because he had his way well Being down 13 instead of 20. That's a Big difference. Yeah. Some tough shots though. That three pointer that was falling, kicking his leg, the pump fake drop to the basket, dunk on them hard.


That was filthy. Yeah. Ka cat had a problem though. But that, that three was a big time shot. And also with Ka, we'll talk about more In The Morning. Every bucket he got in that situation, he made it an N one. If he was going to the basket, he was getting foul. Like he made everything 3.5 he was killing. Oh, I hate it. And I hated that shit. Look killed By me. That sound like that is crazy. Yes. Oh Mo, I hate it. I hate it. Burn me up, bro. Oh my God. Bow. Yes. The fuck That's, that's T sassy boy. That's Crazy. That's what that nigga saying. That nigga was on his Terry Cruz today. I'm blaming this also. Terry Cruz by the white Pacers that fuck. I know we made jokes about the celebrities, but that was not the person we needed to represent the Oh my God.


Listen this Shit man. No, that's what Jeff was talking about though. Look at our celebrity road, bro. That's what, that's what my nigga was talking about. I see him link up with Steven Jackson and them man was hot. Terry Cruz here Nasty. That's celebrity road bro. We should be in the De Rico. We flew with Terry crew, bro. How the fuck is he here? Yeah, Owen brought him here, bro, Y'all flew party. Y'all flew Terry. He's a real Improv. This y'all flew in, bro? Yeah. Patience. Holler at me man. We can get better chance than this man. He already calls Mal. Wow, y'all flew in. I'm just Glad. See that nigga smiling man. Smile somewhere else. Nigga don't come to see no Ben Stiller. Go to New York.


Fat Joe. JDA Kiss Melo Ma. Tom cruises at the game too. God, this here, this. No, We got fucking Terry Cruise. Man lives. Tom Cruise. Y'all got Terry Cruise. Oh shit. The real TC Bro. The real tc. The other TC woke up and asked that tc he would be pissed. Yeah, because You know Tom Brady was here for the Indy 500. He said, fuck the page. So hopping on the way. But he don't like that. Brock was here For vacation. Tom Brady was here for the Indy 500. Yeah. Tom Brady was here. He did. Yep, He did. Him and Michael Strahan. They were not here for the game. Yeah, Eddie as a city, the budget was high enough. We, we let down the fever yesterday.


Blew a game yesterday to the, You know what I'm saying? Terry Cruz, Chance Courtside of our game. That made me shit. We Got Terry Cruz. I told y'all what it was gonna look like. We were doomed from the beginning. Scott Foster, Terry Cruz. We didn't have a chance today. I told y'all what it was gonna look like. Bad shit going on. But listen, we'll go more in depth about the game tomorrow In The Morning. We appreciate y'all tapping in. Get some rest. We'll check in In The Morning. Five 20 at night. The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted. The old S sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one miss enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Brands spend $32 billion every year on influencer marketing, yet most still don't know if it's actually working. Are you seeing a positive ROI from your influencer campaigns? Or is your team just tracking mics and follows? At Jive PR and Digital, we turn influencer engagement into real, measurable sales. Our clients see a 50% lower cost per acquisition compared to traditional ads. No more wasted budgets, no more guessing. Head to jive pr digital.com to see if your brand is a fit.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes, Sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. This Kind of starts started a little bit, man. We met them at their homes. We met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.