
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal, you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all yours with PayPal. Download the app. Now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greedy teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must-haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Leco, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a full house this morning. We got Bishop, we got Young Nacho five 20 Moog Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? Shout Bro. What up? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. You turned up today. What's your song of today? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Five times. That's my turn. Not seeing green. Yeah, five times the real one. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So your heart this morning started off with the bullshit. I like it. Yeah. Oh man. Sad, sad news. Unfortunately we found out yesterday Damien Lillard is dealing with bug cots and he will be out indefinitely right now. Man, this sucks to hear. It may get well soon today, man.


You know it's love always over here. But guys, what does this mean for the Bucks? Nah, I hate it 'cause we knew, I knew something won, You know what I mean? He just wasn't playing himself. So imagine going through blood clots. That's, that's a scary feeling to even think about that kind of stuff. So That's a motherfucker truck driver injury nigga. Yeah, for real. He'll drain it though. He'll be all right. Yeah, hopefully he can come back soon and play or whatever but damn that's just like a scary feeling to even hear something like that. So obviously he was going through something And we all was up here wondering what was wrong with Dame or shit. This was serious business. So You know it's five 20 Love here for him all day. So yeah, Get right my boy. Get healthy bro. Don't rush back. You in the east, it's cool. Something in the air right now.


Boys is is falling boy what's going On? I don't know man. But hopefully everything is good but as far as basketball for the Bucks. Yeah, I mean losing a top 75 All star, all NBA type player right now. I mean it can, it can get a little spooky. Yeah, well Cal Cos one better turn than Chris Middleston. Listen this this get wicked. It's gonna get wicked. I told you Chris Middleton one the scariest players ever in the postseason. So when they had cos to replace him I was all right, we got a chance. But now in this situation man, it's like damn it sucks. But what's so crazy is like people on the internet talk crazy about injuries. Like if you had some of these injuries that athletes have, you would be out to work 'em up.


They be asking people to play like two weeks. That shit be crazy to me. Nah and that shit is scary. My Blood clot shit that killed. Yeah bro, you that's real. That's a real life. Like my daddy had them driving trucks like nah that'll kill you bro. That'll take you out there. That's different. Thanks. That's scary. That ain't no sprained ankle. Nah For sure. We decided with Wimpy as well. Like yeah those are very, very serious injuries man. For sure. That's why I'm for real like first up for bro that took Chris B out. Yeah that Come On man. That's to Chris by out so for sure man. Prayers up to Damien literally know it's always love over here and also salary cap raises 10% next year, 1 54 0.6 everybody get paid. YI see the highlights.


I'll see the BC media. Yeah all go get some 10 days. Run it up. What's up? They Handing the money out Ain't that. That's Crazy. I gotta go buy some new hoop shoes. Boys trying. Me too. He is acting like I could. I'm like what? Nah, the floor is slippery my boy. I, but now I'm back outside. We Outside Love to see it. For sure man. Let's get straight to it. Thunder become the first team to win 60 wins by taking care of the Kings 1 21 and 1 0 5 SGA went crazy with 32 7. He broke K's record 64 straight 20 point games. Mm. Chey had a double double with the 18 to 10 man. S-G-A-M-V-P for sure. I mean I don't even think it's a conversation anymore. Yeah him and my boy the trophy man. Yeah, yeah he's dude, he's acting him fool this shit.


He's dude. Yeah it is what it is. Did you see this outta here in Kentucky? I did not. I knew he could hoop. I watched him put, I'm like he get to the rack easy but I ain't see this bro. He's a, a superstar bro. Like it is what it is. He top five in the league? Yes sir. I ain't seen this bro. He figured it out for sure. B what would you put SGA as you, you've been high on this Thunder team. You've been high on SGA since last year. Yeah, Before that even when they had you. Yeah when you went that nigga play with the Clippers. Yeah. You been high this year? They gased him Lou Pat. But Where you put him in the league right now At sc? What you mean player?


Yeah. Is he, is he, is he better than Jason Titan right now? You know, Hey No he Light skinned. I fuck with you. You think he better but he, I don't think he better than Tatum. Listen so far, I don't know what Tatum can do without, with a bunch of young players around him. Okay. Okay. I haven't seen it. I'm not discrediting him. But what SGA still being a young guy, taking even younger guys to the best team in the league is a hell of a feat bro. So So you're saying switch their teams? Yeah, drop SGA with the Boston Celtics and drop Jason Tatum kc.


Do you think they got the same results? SGA with the Boston Celtics is 72 team Playing slot. What You think Tatum gonna look like though? Jason Tatum with the Thunder bro. They'd be a good team. They'll be a, You know they gonna Be this, he'll lead the league in score for sure. They'll be, they'll be fourth. They'll probably be at the Grizzlies. I I think, I don't think the the shelters would be that good. I don't know Bro because Jason, Jay play Style, Jaylon Brown and Shay, they kind of similar players. Yeah Play style. They both get to the basket. They both aggressive. None of them really.


I mean Ja, Jaylen shoot the three but he don't shoot it like Jason shoot it. Well Jason shooting 15 three I score better than you or easier than you, Than Jason Than I don't think that's true. Jalen bro. I don't Think that's true. Jaylen bro. The Jalen Brown Jason? Yeah, no. Jason Taylor. I love Jason Taylor. You 16, you are two guard you another kd. I just like, I just put him to answer the question. I got him number two in the league. It go joker to answer the question then Shay Man he came mad at that. Let me ask you where you put him. I'm gonna put him top four. Okay, who's four? Who's, who's the top? Who's the top Joker? Joker? Yes sir.


Okay, then who everybody know Joker after that? I might still go Giannis. If I had to start a team, I'm gonna take Giannis. Mm. Yeah, I'm, I'm a, I'm rolling. Mines is no bias either, but obviously Joker is number one for me for sure. Then I'll take Jason Tatum, then I'll take Luca, then I'll take Shay. Yeah. Mm. I ain't mad at that. I'm not mad at that Man. I'm, I'm hot with Jason Tatum And I want him to be finals MVP but I just, I don't know what he'll do with a team like that. So you, I think he Hold that against him like the mv like the NBA. Yeah, that's, that was my whole point after This conversation I'm not, I'm not holding nothing against him.


Wouldn't sound like though. No I want my dog to win the chip. We said this before it started. How they treated him like a smut this summer. I want him to take it home baby, but I'm just keeping it real bro. Like Shaa, come on bro. He got another superstar bro. Everybody 12 on his team bro. All his team don't think cold though. Yes bro. But you don't think Jay Dub is right there with Jalen Brown though. Jalen Brown got more years obviously he proven champion but they, I think they neck and neck with skill like as far as skill. I think Jaylen Brown, I might like Jaylen Brown more. I think Jaylen Brown better in production like I think he had a better defender too. 20? Yeah 21. Come on man. Think he better. I like Jalen.


I'm Just, thunders is loaded up too bro. Ain't like the Celtics is. Oh bro, the thunder not loaded. They do have a side of that squad not as good as the Celtics. By no means they're not as good as Cel means Bro. We doing on this show though. They not as good as Celtics. I ain't saying that but they got a squad bro. I'm saying because they make, they got, they got dude bro averaging 32 on their team. Sneaky just scored 20, 150 times in a row. If He gets injured it's over. It's over Bro. It's over. I think they ain't gonna be as good but they still gonna be a quality team. It's over. If SG Gonna win some games bro, if SG Gets hurt and they play the nuggets, that is a sweet, I Mean sweet Of course Sweet.


If Jason Tatu, that's Any team, if any team Player? No, if Jason Tatum sits down for the Celtics, they can still compete Bro. And we don't know if they gonna win. They could compete. They could still win a first round match. I'm saying if they win a, I don't think that Thunder can win a first round match without SGA. Oh hell nah. I mean two points a game. I think he's saying Boston could still win a first round matchup game. Yes bro. On especially out on the east side Depending on who OKC played. You take, you take him off that team, they damn rid the Bulls. For real bro. That's Josh GI and them. That's Josh gi, Kobe white me Ever 32. I mean what can you say? Like for sure But I'm saying his 30, his 32, his 32 With his 32 is me.


Yo. Just Different shout out to group chat. That's cool. Shout out to the guys. I respect the family ties JT family. I get it. But you I feel like people Just get bored with JT bro. Nah bro. When you the most, that's what I always argue with y'all about. The most valuable player means nigga if I leave this team bro we are doomed. That's Why you, that's why you is MVP then That's I didn't, I wouldn't matter Steve Nash one of them MVPs bro. They are Do I was? Yeah we we have to revisit that conversation Kobe Lord I'm just saying N So Hustle the Super chat. Ask are the Thunder With Kobe If the Caruso giddy trade never happens, they're just good with Caruso.


They were good last year with Giddy. Yeah I mean I just don't think Giddy had a chance to play in the playoffs 'cause he couldn't shoot nobody was Cardinal. Yeah at least Caruso could shoot. He's a hell of defender too. Yeah I think they getting the same production. Yeah, I mean Caston Wallace, he's better than he. He's just as good as Giddy Facts. All these other guys, I mean good trade. That's another Kentucky PG that like was solid guy. Did you see him being as good as he was? No, I mean the town was always there but I didn't see this bro. Like when you at Kentucky you gonna get watered down a little bit 'cause you play with so many people. So when you go to the league and get the get off by yourself it's gonna look different. So I ain't see this for sure man. Shout to them Kentucky pgs for sure. Laura asked did y'all try the street hot dogs in NY and write these players one through four On who?


The better player. Zion Williamson, PB five, Jalen Johnson and Pascal. Aka. Yeah, Mike's tried the hotdog, The Z he he got one of them dogs Walked down to Square. They Put a little relish on that joint. I was like you wildling, He did the Z exam. He dressed the dog Love the Z exam with the condoms. It's a good question though. Out this group, if we being real Zion Williams is the best one. He ain't played enough. But after that This in that order. Yeah He's better. Nah, I'm gonna go with AKA too. I about say you gonna put AKA that long. I'm gonna be hitting on that bullshit this morning. Minutes. It okay I'm gonna go AKA two.


How long Ben Carroll is better than Pascal? I don't disagree. That's a good, it's a good battle but I'm gonna go How long Ben Carroll is better than Pascal aco Gotta Do a little more. If I'm gonna pick the team, I'm gonna go with Pascal right now And you gotta do a little more. And then Jaylen Johnson, that's my Hawk dog but he, he gonna be last on this list for me. Facts. He cold though. He cold But he still, they cold. It's a great debate right there. I'm taking poll of course Freaky Z whatever Little R. Oh you can't be little RA Real Rob Is Burger. Who getting them residuals. It's crazy.


That's crazy For sure man. Alright man let's move on. The heat beat the sleeves afterwards. Yesterday one 12 to 86 a band went crazy with 27 to eight. Tallah hero your favorite white boy had 20 and seven. Jimmy only had 11 his his revenge game. Man. Well damn Ain't a lot Draymond Green Two, five and three. Where Chuck at when you need It? Assie revenge game. So They was doing, I mean down to lose one game man they been, they been whooping boys since Jimmy got to the team. So as Much as Jimmy just did, he's supposed to get 40. That was an ass revenge game bro. I'm sorry. I ain't gonna lie bro. Nah Disappointed bro. What they been winning like He was supposed to get 30 yesterday today you supposed to get 30.


You talking crazy with Pat Riley. All this get 30 bro. Nah bro I see you in the streets. I ain't gonna lie. I watched Bam hoop yesterday. I actually like I watched Bam hoop a bunch of times but with Jimmy Gone Bam looked like a whole different ba Miss Col bro. He, I used someone boys between the legs between boys. He showed got this summer with the Durag bro. Yeah I like this ba he tapped into that right now. This be right here. What I get the ball when I want to It Up this up bro. Yeah, between the legs, between the legs heads and pool. Oh he got that went it the basket bump Draymond. I said oh no he definitely got all damn they need a point guard And he's strong bro. They a Point guard. They just need a point guard bro. He is the point guard like he is cold bro.


That's Alabama special man. That's way K ba right there. Yeah I'm rolling with that. I seen him this song, that song like dang NBA players are really different because you would think he played like Hakeem Mila in the drum in the league. This nigga looked like Kyrie Irving In the summertime. It was silly bro. That was fun. That's what my favorite part about like the drill league or like the UCLA runs. You see the people who like normally don't even get the balling games, they get to play and they be out there going crazy bro. Man, it's like the dude from the Knicks Mitchell Robinson in the summer. He goes crazy bro. He got hand dude I'm nothing. He ain't got a I I'm nothing on him. He do, he be killed on I'm nothing on people letting him torture like that though.


Killed friends bro. Murder though. I'm like if y'all run at his right hand he hit him with a crossover. Yeah, don't fuck up the money y'all story because one night me and Lou was having this debate and this dude was talking crazy And we watched Like You know we think NBA players sad when you first get there. He like man the eighth, the 18th man. He be like he weak. Yeah I watched Jason Collins make 25 threes in a row. Lou was like he got a burner. I'm like damn I'm start looking like damn, I swear to God I can't make 25 threes in a row. So it's just crazy how good NBA players really are to the average basketball player. It's Crazy. I seen Shel do some damage.


I want my boy is simple in the NBA. He's A hundred million dollar nigga out here tonight. Crazy bro. Nah, his levels for sure man. The crowd gave you some love yesterday but Jesse what he said to Pat Riley before we walked in? He like, I ain't gotta say I ain't got nothing to say Pat. He better not have nothing to say to me. He better not talk to me so he gonna whoop him. I bro he 80. Damn. He must really like it must be really deeper than rap over there. Oh thanks. I don't know. I always tell people man respecting your elders is overrated bro. On my Soul That's the most overrated thing bro. For real. Why? Because bro they so disrespectful bro. Just 'cause you old don't mean I can't talk to you Dusty bro.


You getting talk dusty to don't have no age. You gotta get old. You a pass bro. No bro. Not when you violated me bro. Respect. So don't respect your elders bro. They out of pocket bro. It's a disclaimer against them bro. Pat did probably talk egregious to him but bro he yeah I Know he did bro. He Did bro. How about he talk very disrespectful. He talked greasy to everybody. Yeah he talk crazy to bro. Bro he don't care. That is very true. He talking took some cookies or some cookies bro. That's crazy. Probably the worst decision Pat Riley ever. So yeah I thought Jimmy was finna go in there and go kill though. I thought he was going for four. I thought you supposed to bro at least try. I didn't care if they won or not. If you would have got 30, I fuck with it. Oh bro. Yeah Jimmy's performed last night. Yeah I was 12. I need 25 shots bro.


Ain't nobody killed. Nah it was built to ass for sure they got Swag. See that's why I saying this. This show is out pocket. Why would y'all ever put Draymond staff on two, five and three? It's a regular knife for Draymond bro. What's crazy? Brody would never y'all outta pocket. Outta pocket. I mean Miami a tough place to play bro. Especially if you a West Coast team. I heard they got five nights in Miami. It's a tough place to play boy. Yeah that's tough. I told y'all crazy. It's the ultimate home court advantage. Them in Atlanta. Yeah Ms. Sweet. If you a West Coast team you only got one stop there. You already know what time it is. What's up boy? Not getting no sleep. Oh that makes sense. Yeah I didn't even think about that.


Yeah you right. We used to know we about to kick y'all ass. Y'all come here one time a year. Yeah it's over a Lord Magic City. Do y'all bick one for us? We about to beat the hell outta Denver. Nugget. I'm gonna pay for the section. We gonna put the call. Take care. Oh the Lakers here used to hear tonight the Lakers at Cloud Sunset. We be like what the hell we gonna The walk. I'm just saying if LeBron has after 40 pound You play Miami Monday night it's over. Oh getting smoke. You get smoke. That's how we used to feel. We play y'all on a Tuesday And live on Sunday then trying to get up and perform Career low. Take the under Magic sitting. I had Monday the night before.


Oh yeah we played on Tuesday night on NTNT. It's a 30 piece man D Wade will be hosting Magic City tonight. D Wade never played him and Brian never played in the, I have Nothing to say. That's my boy. We had a talk yesterday. Growth Draymond Green DPOY is he? He shouldn't. It should be Dyson. Dan. Yeah, I mean Dyson Dan what you doing defensively is crazy. He's elite having the most steals ever bro. Bro. Averaging three steals a game is crazy bro. Yeah he that's, that's his take bro. Dre mine, he gone, You know he talking about it more and he gonna kind of Like, You know promote himself to get up there like he gonna do all the stuff that he needs to do.


I mean he's a great defensive player. He probably should be first team for sure but yeah, he'll be first team for sure. He definitely gonna talk about being defensive player of the year and Dyson Daniels don't even talk. Well Weby would got it if he didn't get hurt. Yeah, most definitely bro. Yeah because Weby had like 85 blocks a game. Yeah it's gonna be his going forward to, You know what I'm saying? He don't play no more. Write his name on it. Yeah, he probably had 10 in a row or some shit like that. Yeah something crazy. Getting six blocks in the game is crazy bro. Yeah, you can't beat that for sure.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the EBA player props. New customers BET five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Be instantly. Take it to the record with DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets. And you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio


Yo what's good it is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen, good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense, they both greedy teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates Northbrook Illinois


Dash Pass has a members only deal for the 24 25 NBA season. They whoosh you save when any player scores 50 or more points in the game during the 24 25 NBA regular season dash pass members save 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Shay has 50 point games so the A VP front murder might get you another soon. Use your promo code NBA 50 today after the 50 point game during the 24 25 NB. A regular season from noon to midnight get half off of an order with a player goes through full throttle it scores 50 points or more in a single game up to $10. Yes it's any player in any game but it's only for dash pass members now remember sign up for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus exclusive perks like this one valid with use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game on eligible orders at participating merchants must have an active dash pass account terms apply. Don't forget that's promo Cole NBA 50 valid for dash pass members only from noon to midnight the day after any player scores 50 points or more in a single game. Dash pass members say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off sign up for dash pass.


Alright man. Moving on man. The maps, I mean excuse me. The Knicks took care of the maps last night. 1 28, 1 13 KA went crazy with a trippy dub 28, 12 and 11. Josh R had a triple double as well with 1612 and 11. OG went crazy with 35 and 5K og. Yeah OG said I'm a real third option on this team. I keep telling y'all the whole time it is Nae Marshall be taking listen all the advantages they have for him right now to just do whatever he want to bro. I'll rock with it. Nae Marshall be hooping bro. He be hooping nobody else gonna shoot. It's gonna be me and he be killing 38 last night. Respect he been killing boy. Take advantage of the opportunity my boy. I love to see that. Him and Grimes. They take him Grimes. Y'all my MVPs of the second half of the season. First team all five 20.


Yes, that's we gotta make that lineup. Yeah we qu Grimes. Najee Marshall after three. My point guard. I might play 18 minutes about it y'all. We go wait in season we gonna have Aall let y'all take Kobe White as a point. Oh yeah. Kobe White, Kobe White's definitely a five 20 point guard for sure. I'll give y'all Kobe White. Hey why you scroll down to PJ of DNP Mike? That was our pocket because Kobe White last 10 games. I wanna say he been averaging Almost 25 to 30. Yeah, he average 30 in the week. He'll split the week. Yeah. Kobe White's been my five 20 point guard. Quentin Grimes the star at two Najee Marshall after three mm I ain't got that four or five. Zion definitely a star. Oh my God. Yes he is. Z's definitely starting four. Freaky Z. Yeah and my five man.


What's the dude, the other one from Walker Kessler? Yes. He started at the five. What type of team do we have? Hey low key. We got a whip. He been having moments man this even though he be getting dunked on and shit. That's why, that's how I know this show is kind of growing a little too crazy 'cause people sitting me Walker Kessler highlights now bro. I don't care what he did in high school. Choice for love bro. Yeah bro. Respect. I'm just saying I don't make this list. He went to NC too bro in Auburn. It don't matter bro. You owe me $50 too bro. I almost forgot for what? That NC lost. You could have waited time for the show. I I had to think about that. You bet me on the show. I see what type of time you me on the show?


No family respect on the show. To check me on the show is crazy. Got shout out to Josh Har though man. Breaking the triple double. I do owe you 50. Thank you. Yeah, he did break the record. That's crazy. Breaking the record for the Knick passing. Clyde Frazier. Shout to Josh Har man. Hey Josh Hart be out there hooping bro. Yeah, he he. Yeah he be out there hooping. He played the whole game. What we call him man. He the, what kind of player would you call him? A glue guy. Hard, hard blue guy. Perfect utility blue collar player. Blue. One of the best s of the NBA for sure. At six four. Yeah, six four. He's a tips'. He's an blue guy. So you playing four six. He's a guy that you want on your team at all times. Josh Sharp, anybody for sure respect to Josh Sharp and yeah, Jalen Brunson on the way back.


Don't forget he is like that. Especially in the playoffs. Yeah that's good for Ja. I think for Jason. What is his name? Jalen Brunson. Oh yeah. Jalen Brunson having a time to rest a little bit. Even though it's an ankle injury or whatever it is. He gets some time just to get some miles off his body. And I think that's gonna be great going into the playoffs. So the, the Knicks might have a chance, man. Might really have a chance to do what? To make it out the first round. Let's clear that up. Yeah, not winning Now I was gonna say this, we don't know what the Dame moves looks like but if they drop some games that means they're probably gonna drop to six and do the Knicks really wanna see Dame be honest. Yeah, I I mean I ain't gonna worry about Dame playing basketball right now.


Yeah, that's true. I I I want him to come back. You know we love, we love seeing him play basketball but without the without Dame the bucks are finished for sure. Yeah. So I'm not worried about the Bucks no more. Damn. Get well song for sure. Alright man the Rocket secure Your Hawks yesterday 1 21 and one 14. Jayla Green went crazy with 32 11 and four. Fred Van Fleet had 21 yesterday and Trey Young had 19 and 12. Dyson Daniels hooped out with 19 and 10. Is that a tough loss? I mean Rock is a good team. That's okay. Trey Young is cold. We didn't expect to beat them. I didn't. Rock is playing a hell of a good year but we writing a mix of things in the Eastern Conference with the playoffs so we all right.


Most definitely. We talked about Dyson Daniels should be DPOI. That's crazy. You know what I'm saying? Get that type of production outta him. It see that the two guard going forward down there or they still looking to see who play next to Trey. I mean see for me, I'm no GM or nothing. But he can't, if he could shoot the ball better once he sharpened up his shooting D and Dings got a chance to be an Allstar. Yeah he just can't shoot at all and and he went through for six and three last night too. Yeah but that he can get, get that to 40, 38 to 40%. He a player man. Yeah like he can get to the basket, he can run point he second ball handler. He a good playmaker obviously we know he is a special on a defensive end. It's just that shooting man. If he can get that up to 38 to 40%, 3.3 point shooter You know have to do this summer.


Yeah, yeah. Lock in. He get that up to 38. The shooter. I ain't gonna lie. You tap in with Kyle Corporal, lethal shooter, whoever you got to, he get that down Pac bro. He a hundred million dollar man. I agree. I agree. And if you look at his stats, 14 six rebounds, five assists And you getting three steals a game. Yeah, yeah bro, that's, that's a man the only thing you lacking is shooting right now if he can get shot together bro. He, he's, he's a player for sure. Most definitely. We talk about it all the time out here. Who you think is gonna be the Rockets Allstar next year It be Sha Gun Steel. You think Jay Lag Green gonna take that leap? Nah, I still like single go. Okay. I don't what's his name because they gonna get on your ass.


Oh he said right ain Gun. I dunno his name. I don't like Jalen Green's shot selection all the time yet. Got little Ace Bailey in him bro. He just pull up sometimes but he cold but I like Saint Gun shot. I like that. I like, I kind of, he gotta shoot those shots sometimes. You know what I mean? Like when you starting to try to become the All star or the star of the team, you gonna take some questionable once we we watch Yeah he cold though. We watch Jason Tatu take shots And we be like ah why you shoot that one? That's very true. So he got to, for him to get over that hump from being a good player to a all-star player to a great player. He gotta make some tough shots.


You see him do anything else like to improve his game, just slow down. He play a hundred miles per hour for sure. Slow down a little bit. Changes his speeds up but he get to it. He on the attack for sure. We talk about another pair. If they can learn how to shoot consistently. If Thompson get a burner. Oh man, if he could shoot 40% that's up. If he can just get 35 he is a freak bro. The stuff he can do on the court is crazy bro. If he can a little bit of 30, 35% three. Yeah if he just shot it like me and his brother, 26% is crazy. And his brother bro. Yeah because 20, that's 26. I can't do that with this the year before 13th but 26 Crazy. 13. 13 we, we improve baby facts.


Keep going. Alright make that 52 next year we up if we can get to 34, 35 bro. He gonna be he dynamic now. Hey He'll be a all star. Yeah. Yeah he may one or two because that mean he definitely gonna average 20 if he, if he shooting anywhere near 40% right now they guard him from the dotted line. Yeah he can hit one or two threes the game. And again he on the scene where he don't get the most touches at all. Nah they can't. He can't. Nah. Yeah he get out the mud, They guard him under the block the dunker he the in the dunker bro. And Dylan Brooks shoot whatever he wants to too. So you got four people who shoot whenever they feel like it. Yeah. So friends still get some statuettes and pressing for sure. Flip Gaining the mold.


Memphis miss him man They do. They miss him bad. He just bring a different type of energy to the game bro. You need, you need somebody like that on your team. Yeah. Yeah He's that person you don't wanna play against but your little hat in your squad for you. You see the energy last night Memphis that Yeah they trying to fight each Other. Yeah. Gets themselves. Yeah. Yeah that's only Getwell soon for sure dude With the little arms pushing people to deep bang. He almost didn't reach him on the push Deep bang trying to deep back see you sit your ass down dude. Can't wait to have you on the show man. Why you crashing out man? Put Teammates Lyrics. We just had to get on you earlier in the season back that He flew though. That was get well suit but it's lyric play.


The warms is. The warms are short but that nigga Strong He got, that's how them little bitches be looking when they be walking around them box. Hey He flew. Yeah You could tell he didn't wanna fall. He ain't had no choice. Yeah look at Ja. Ja like yeah He wild Like this shit Do it again. He pushed him, he turned sideways or sat down crazy Bro. That's your wing bro, bro. Chill bruh. And number seven Decent too. So Hoop. That's how I felt like Mo just did me as about that after the game bro.


Y'all On everything. He Said what you The shows bro. Alright. Super Chat Jones Bones asked with Tre and Bam work. What super show did you pair well with? Bam Bam. Yes sir. I love it. Trey and Bam bam Bigelow, we out there going crazy. That's that is a fire duo. That's Duo is Can Tre, I mean can Tyler Hero stay? Yeah we all, we all can make it work but So wait you saying then Trey to Miami or Bam to Atlanta? No, I'm saying I would love Bam to come to Atlanta. Oh I want Trey in Miami. I do too. I I don't but I see what you're saying. I I like that more than Bam going to Atlanta. Oh Well if Trey goes to Miami then Tyler hero gotta go.


Mm. I mean yeah you only can trade. Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately that's the only way you about to have three back square. We gotta get something outta outta deal. Yeah that's the only way but And you don't want them to the back. That be nasty though. I ain't gonna lie. I ain't, I liked it. I ain't, You know Tyler Hill with Trey, somebody gotta play defense bro. That's a fact. I know they gonna score. I know they can shoot like hill but somebody gotta play defense bro. But Tre two, Andrew Wiggins, Allstar, Trey wig and bam that's a nice little three. Defense is overrated. If I could outscore you I'm gonna win. You supposed to get the most points. Trey, Trey, BA and wig. Yeah they need warm. I need a couple defenders. Okay Trey WHI and Big. Yeah, yeah I see the vision.


Don go said Jeff saw that ins instant clip of you at the open run. You be like you getting ready for the WWE pause also Erica Banks should have been in that bracket. I don't know who Erica Banks is but she should have been in there. Okay. Respect Erica Banks. I wasn't familiar with y'all assets. What She do Don't matter. She got it. 12 all 20. I wasn't familiar with her assets but yeah I told you I'm putting people on a post this year. I am a person though. Banks. Oh yeah you cheeked up. But she weak though man. Oh yeah. Don Oon take your father. She weak though man. She weak. Aw she cheeked up. Y'all had a talk Donald. Her face is crazy man.


Who's in sitting on the, this Is why I hate we while we have meetings because y'all do stuff like this and want me and y'all want me to keep it sports. Y'all want sponsors, y'all want anything? I just saying slip on faceless nuts. I don't know about it. Zoom was crazy So y'all got it. Shout out to Erica Banks a beautiful black queen, black queen forever. Y'all know the rest for sure. So that's all I got for that ISO deck. And how strong was Barbie drinks to have y'all say with a straight face? That Juju a biggest star in today. Thank you dude is Lilly and Madden. Oh my god everybody plays in the Fell on Madden so no bro she he's a way bigger star.


Everybody in they mama was DMing me about that. Like these dudes don't know sports. Who me? Oh man That's not about sports bro. It's just about popularity Bro. Saying niggas got her Bro. Bro, When your nickname is already legendary bro, that's the only thing we know. Say what's her real, it don't even matter Ana man I think probably Jamie, Jamie Ja, Jamie, Jasmine. They start call her Juju. She look like a Jasmine Juth. Y'all would call her Ju too. I call you Juju Ju skis boy You ain't under your grandma. I'll call her S skis bro.


Sir Surfing Judy is skis. Hey Judy. Yeah she got but nah bro way more famous than her bro. Y y out pocket bro. Respect man it I'm Saying bro she is. It shut the world down. She got edge bro. Kind of shut the world down bro. Bro. Yeah I felt, I feel sad. No bro I did bro get hurt bro. Everybody is is over with. I Think about it. She she kind of more Lithium. No she not bro. We walked in Foot Locker, her face was on T-shirts. That's his jersey. I've been knowing Juju since high school. I just Figured out who he was bro. Ain't that's because y'all, y'all Wildling he was a high bro.


He been lit forever bro. He won. He ain't say he ain't been good he won. Nah That's all I was saying. He won the Heman it's different. The only reason he won the Heisman, he was not the face of prize football. He won the Heisman. Only reason we know Juju is 'cause we play basketball, we talk about's in commercial with LeBron James and his son bro. Yeah, before she was in it. Yeah Y algorithms I always see that might be basketball and big Booty girls y'all algorithm y'all look at and basketball Ain't mind. I can go through a Jeff DM right now. Show y'all. Show y'all the real Thundercat Because Once you click on the video it's Now you part of said was And I was crying Bro like yo this is out of pocket you crying buddy.


D 96 asks what do struggle teams need to do to be more competitive? Try to watch the teams like the Wizards Pelican Stop watching. Stop nigga stop watching them bro. Do something else. Why are you watching the Wizards in the Pelican? Do something better with your life Bro. Oh Man. Good, good question bro. They are funny. Y'all fried man frequency. All four games get through last night Magic took care. The Hornets yesterday one 11 and one four boy they what's they record now man, not enough. P five were crazy. 32 and seven from crazy 26 8. The Melo had 25 and nine though. Who cares? And nobody cares. Nobody Cares. Do not send Cooper flag there bro.


Please Capture the flag. Did I Say they was seven to 63 away? Oh I was fucking saying That feel like My eyes play with I about say that's outta pocket my first. That's crazy. Yeah the Pistons took care of the Spurs yesterday. 1 22 to 96 belt to As situation for sure. Tobias Harris letter with 15 Jalen Dur had 14 to seven, the vessel had 26 but there was a simple belt to ass situation. Nothing much to talk about there. Y'all see Chris Ball talk to that fan. Hey he said hey watch your And you can tell your daddy not like that. That's how I be talking to the kids at We Definitely we be talking about you can tell your Pop And I like what they going test that switch.


I told one of the kids we was playing, I'll lock you up. He like you can't guard me. I was like I'll lock you up And you can, I'll lock your daddy up. Daddy come home. I know You know my daddy's crazy bro. You know my daddy is crazy. You know my daddy. See I'm gonna keep my coming. I say something too. I forgot we was in the more show. Keep cool you Mike. I'm trying bro. This I none fight. Think good fight. Be him. Shout out to Chris Ball. Quit talking to me before I catch you the tunnel bro. I'm glad he talking bad to boys for sure.


Yo, what's good it is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland versus Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen, good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense, they both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates Northbrook Illinois


Dash Pass has a members only deal for the 24 25 NBA season. They swoosh you save when any player scores 50 or more points in the game during the 24 25 NBA regular season dash pass members save 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Shay has 50 point games so the A VP front murder might get you another soon. Use your promo code NBA 50 today after the 50 point game during the 24 25 NB. A regular season from noon to midnight. Get half off of an order when a player goes through full throttle and scores 50 points or more in a single game up to $10. Yes it's any player in any game but it's only for dash pass members now remember, sign up for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus exclusive perks like this one valid with use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game on eligible orders at participating merchants must have an active dash pass account terms apply. Don't forget this promo code NBA 50 valid for dash pass members only from noon to midnight the day after any player scores 50 points or more in a single game. Dash pass members say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Sign up for Dash pass


the grizz. He beat the jazz belt to ass for sure. 1 41 0 3 D bang went crazy. 21 6 4 and one push Triple J had 19 and three rebounds be here. Have you pushed me And we up 40. I'm beating your ass bro. What you for now bro? Not lock in bro. Nah bro. I didn't know that because I let y'all talk about this segment bro. A 37 point victory. Don't hold me bro. We on my 40 bro. I swear to God I'm getting fired bro. Got you. I got you bro. That's crazy bro. Nothing is that serious bro. We playing jail. I don't care bro. Oh man, that makes that even worse bro.


Y'all stupid man. Yeah, DB didn't have a good day yesterday. Get well soon bro. Caz beat the players yesterday. 1 22 to one 11 DG went crazy with 27 and eight. Evan Mob had 21 n 12. Yeah Cavs gotta close out strong man. Yeah I the Cavs, I, I don't know bro. I'm having a great year. I'm starting. I'm really getting that Atlanta Hall vibe for real. Mm. And ain't nothing wrong with it. It sucks to say that 'cause I was a part of that team but the vibes are there and it's like nobody believed in us. They did. Nobody really thought we could win the championship. I think we were probably the only people in the locker room who believed it. And I think that's how they feel too.


'cause I don't think nobody in the world believed the Cavs could win. What's so crazy is they had one of the craziest streaks a couple times in their only like five games back from the cat. The Celtics now. Yeah. It is just like, that's crazy. Nobody believe it. And I, I think they're a really good team. I think they got potential to make some noise but I don't think the world believes it. As long as they believe it, that's all it matters. But that's a fact. I don't think they believe it to be honest. You don't think they believe they can win it? No, I don't think they think they could beat the Celtics for real bro. That's why Donovan Mitchell will be ready to tweak out every year. I'm about to lead this team every year. He know they not winning this bro. I don't know man. I think they could. I think that'll be a Be good. I think they could beat them man. It it just takes one Game.


Hands, Celtics and four bro. It just take one game though. If you get some confidence in one game, if they could win game one, that's all that matters at the crib. They just need one game and that confidence gonna go up. That's all we need against bro. Yeah. I used to be sitting there like I hope they get this one game And we just never got it. We never got it. Neither are they. They gonna get one 'cause they ain't got no, no disrespect to the Celtics. They team is dominant but they don't got LeBron James. That's a fact. They don't got that mind over there. That's true. They ain't got, they don't got LeBron Johnson. That's true. They got nine And they kind of match up pretty thinking like they got, that's What scared me, I'm saying.


But they match up pretty well with 'em though. Yeah, we used to go with five for five. Yeah. But when I got my 10th man can gimme 30. It's kind of scary. But my thing is nobody really believe in they 10th Man it Darius Garland and Mitchell got a guard. One of them big old wings bro. How they go? D Donovan Mitchell do but they got De Hunt and they got Evan Mobley can guard one of those wings. See the beautiful thing about the Cavs, Evan Mobley is a Swiss Army knock. He can guard Jason Tatum. I ain't saying he gonna stop him. Guard, even guard. He got guard Jr. Holiday. He can post him. He don't, he can guard Derrick White. I don't like that either. I like Derrick White because Derrick White shoot a live of threes I can say in front of Derrick White.


Derrick White, three point shooter. See Drew Holiday go to the dunker. He start rebounding, posting up and shit. Trouble. I don't like that. I don't like that for Darius Garland. Look, you could put Donvan Mitchell Team Tyrone will have to out play Peyton Prichard. But you could put Donovan Mitchell on Drew Holiday and that kind of equalized Drew Holiday a little bit Cavs Better Hope JD Davison play is going through this roster. So no, I'm saying Evan. Evan Moley on Jason Tatum or you could put Evan Mobley on. I probably put Evan Mobley on Jalen Brown. Deandre Hunter on Jason Tatum. Okay, good. Matchups right there.


Oh buddy on poor Zingus. Who? Jerry? Yeah. Yeah man we will see. We will see for sure taking him away from that dream though. Alright man. Some games tonight. We wanna see how y'all feel about 'em. Give us something. Wizards a 76ers. No, no, I'll never watch it. Yeah Nos quick round playing. Let's see if Quin Ride is playing. I'm, I'm locked in but if not 40, if he play he getting 40. Yeah. Yeah. Go eat Raptors at Nets. Raptors. Raptors will win but no. Yeah, Raptors go with Lakers at Pacers tonight. Lakers Pacers at home. I like the Pacers bro. Yeah sir we at the crib with it. I like the Pacers too.


We don't play back tonight with it. Okay. Who shout out to Playback, man. Vibe with it. Lakers at Pacers tap in moving on so he doesn't answer that question. Clippers at Nick's. Nick's played yesterday right? Clipper. I like the Clippers back to B Take clip. Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna go Clipper as well. Bucks at Nuggets. There Is New York though. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's why I was doing that for, I know Jay's hard outside Nuggets. Yeah In that case more Knicks. Yeah with that update. I agree. Yeah. Bucks had nuggets. No Dame probably no joker. I'm taking nuggets, Gimme nuggets. Okay. Yeah come on hold it down.


Nuggets and then Celtics as suns, Celtic And the sauce bro. I like the Celtics for sure. Alright. Verify buckets be here. Who was getting to it yesterday? I'm gonna give it to Kat. Man. Triple dub 26, 12 and 11. That fire from the big guy. Shout out to my dog Kat. Man. You ain't never Getting no triple Doubles when I was on there. No assists, no swings. Ain't no swing swings but shout out to you brother for sure. T who you got? I'm go with OG 35 and five. You outta a game my boy. For sure. We didn't put the system up there for a reason because you ain't getting nothing hurt to score baby. It's not your job Mo. Who you got? We'll go with Najee Marshall 38 and seven. Got to it. Hell but today for sure man.


I'm gonna show some love P five. He crazy with 32 and seven last for certain. Least. Jaylee Green went off yesterday with 32 and 11. Yeah, get well soon Be here will do some encouragement this Wednesday morning. I'm gonna take Minga with the Airball floater. Mm Okay. See he did that last night. Yeah, I must have clocked out when I seen that. Yeah, he, He played in Miami so I give you a pass. Oh Hold on boy. Hey hold on. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh Yeah, yeah. Oh the Rim is crazy boy. You should have signed that deal my boy. Now don't look me after you do some shit like that. That's the crazy part. It's all look At the coach. Hey watch the Baldhead coach Nick Stack house. When they showing he oh shit about you watch. You keep it going, keep it going.


Oh shit. Shit. Chad as a ka boy. It happens bro. You all right? Yeah You in Miami too. I respect it bro. The Right hand baseline floaty is already nasty Enough overboard short Bro. Sometimes that touch don't be like that y'all, y'all gotta stop talking like y'all ain't never air boxed Shit. Shit. He not like bro. He shot over The real, that's why I don't like basketball niggas, man. Yeah, y'all see another one of y'all other friends Airball y'all. I never do that nigga did that Bro. He got a side step right here, side step. You lay Good step up Wig. But he Know he don't got no floater bro. All you gotta do is sign play up bro.


Wig Look, looked like he shot at Soft too. We wasn't even try. Yeah I nigga was as strong as hell because for me I'm looking like damn. And what's crazy is it was like the shot clock so you had to shoot it. But we still don't care because that's whys stepped up. That is crazy. Float that bitch. Yeah was some. Alright, see who you got Shit after that. Don't nobody else got nothing. KJ Martin, boy this was bad. KJ Martin Air Balls crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hold on. Hey you can't even try to swag. I like that though. See Minga tweaked out. Kj swagged it out though. Oh he, it's history.


He, he held the follow through. Kj Swagged out. I rocking with it Bro. Hey, him and Chuck Hayes fighting for number one. Nah Bro. Keep your same demeanor bro. Get back bro. No, No, man. Go back. Go back to that crazy, crazy bro. Go back to that because him and Chuck way up bro. Look at that close bro. That is crazy. It hit the block, The ball, the ball's slipping. It went to the block. Y'all know how it is in Utah, bro. That's worse than Ball. Who? Chuck Hay go to Chuck Hayes. Free Chuck Hayes. Free Ke Martin go. Wanna fight bro? Huh? He Fucking my name Ke Martin go want fight when they talk shit to him about that. Oh God. I know Ke was on his Job the but look at Chuck.


Hey this is crazy. Damn boy. Type it in boy. Gotta type it in boy. Just pay for the subscription. Dang the tip. Just sign up bro. Course the snack bar. Now this, He had to play a game to Get, look at this, look at this. What's worse this morning Shows the joke. Hey look at the bench bro. That's What you want. One more For you out traveling. He said he traveling. Look How I got in there. He's like girl, not yet on. Gonna get one more. I get outta there.


It's go man. And on that note, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back. Same time tomorrow, man. Five 20 In The Morning. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary Subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family. When you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method to send the money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal count is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for store-wide deals that earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags. Earn on eligible snacks like Pepperidge Farms, goldfish and kettle chips or sweet treats like Keebler cookies, hostess snack cakes, m and ms and Ben and Jerry's plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.