
What does kisqali mean for Lisa, who has HR positive HER two negative metastatic breast cancer? I started taking Kisqali in 2020 and I intend to keep taking it as long as it keeps working for me. I have so much going on in my life. I'm a legal assistant, a minister, a grandmother. I love doing all these things and it's very important that I'm able to keep going. Individual results may vary. Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligram tablets is a proven prescription medicine used to treat adults with hormone receptor positive human epidermal growth factor receptor two negative breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body. Metastatic in combination with an aromatase inhibitor as the first endocrine based therapy. Kisqali can cause lung problems or an abnormal heartbeat, which can lead to death. It can cause serious skin reactions, liver problems, and low white blood cell counts that may result in severe infections. Avoid grapefruit during treatment. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms including breathing problems, cough, chest pain, a change in your heartbeat, dizziness, yellowing of the skin or eyes, dark urine, tiredness, loss of appetite, abdominal pain, bleeding, bruising, fever, chills, or other symptoms of an infection. A severe or worsening rash are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. These are not all the possible side effects. Kisqali is available by prescription only. Talk with your doctor and visit kisqali.com For more information for patients and providers, including full important safety information and patient prescribing information. That's K-I-S-Q-A-L i.com.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play. If you turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out Bose dot com.


What's up everybody? Adnan Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason and Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Kin Deur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Anya Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison packer stand. Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and mom to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four And we're excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Who Puck on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast, The Volume.


Good morning, happy Wednesdays, five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date. Everything sports related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Join us morning by my two brothers to my left. I got Brother Hendrix to my right Teague fellas, how y'all doing this morning? Chilling bro. What's happening? What up though man? Chilling. Chilling man. Some great, great basketball yesterday. I found this out this morning on my way here. It's crazy. The pace is always in some random history On this date, December 11th, 2007, it's the only time a LeBron James career with the calves that he came off the bench. Of course the Pacers lost. It was one 18 and 1 0 5. LeBron had 17 and 22 minutes, but Larry Hughes had 36.


I wanted to bring this up because one the Pacers are always a part of every random stat losing and two, Larry Hughes used to get buckets. Yeah, yeah. I like, I liked Larry Hughes game. Larry Hughes was cold. Larry Hughes. Yeah, he had defense too. Yeah, that's what I'm most known for. But nah, he was, he was a dog for sure. Underwriter career bro. I always getting buckets for sure. That's mean. Like we say yesterday we had some great basketball Man, your buck hung on yesterday, man. One 14 and 1 0 9. They advanced to the semi-finals in the NBA cup. Giannis went crazy yesterday. 37 7 game 28 and nine. Hey man, Jalen Sus, we talked about him, you know what I'm saying? They stole, won a couple games without Franz. Without Paolo and it's 'cause of him.


He had 32 yesterday, nine rebounds. BP had 22 at 10. It was a really, really good game Bishop man. I know they lost but the magic shows. Hey, they a real team for sure. Yeah, I watched that game. He kind of kind of fucked up at the end though. I feel like he dribbled the ball too much. Took too much time off the clock Jalen. So that sucks. I think he settled for that three. Yeah, I mean when you on the roll like that, you man down, you try to go for the win. I get it. Yeah, but I think they played bad defense against Dame Lili for him to hit that shot to tie the game up. That layup. Nah, the three, he back the three. Yeah. Yep. You gotta force him to the basket. Mm. Make him try to finish over the bigger guy thing. Mo Wagner, whatever his name.


Mo Wag. Yeah, Mo Wagner. Whatever y'all wanna call him for y'all. Listen, Dame had a daytime shot came through in the clutch, but what's crazy about this game, like you said, if he was watching this the third quarter, it started getting spooky for the magic. They couldn't hit a damn shot in the third quarter but they turned it back on and and part of that was Jalen Su, he went crazy bro. Yeah, well he went crazy. He went out the game with like a thumb injury. Yeah we thought he, we thought it was another injury bug for that team. We was like damn, somebody else start killing and they get hurt on the magic team. But then he came back and killed some mo. Yeah he came back and hooped the young, the young guy Black Anthony Black. Yeah. He made a mistake on defense that caused that, lost that game. I'm not going to blame it on him. Hmm. Like I mean obviously it's different plays that lead up to you losing the game but him letting game walk to the basket, boy that's what I was talking about.


That was crazy. Yeah, like you can't do that. You gotta like contest a lay of foul or something. You can't let him walk to, there's somebody else, I forgot who that was that just ran past and ran to the corner like yeah. I was like man that shit looked fig man it looked, it did. It looked kind of crazy like damn I ain't gonna give no effort on that play. And what's crazy is the magic play solid defense. I mean I mean granted, you know what happened, you can't stop being honest but they had moments in the game, they played solid defense to say in that game man they like you should had those two big laps in the end of the game. Like damn. Like that's where experience kick in certain situations. It just seemed like somebody pushed a button bro. The beat ups because nigga, I swear to God he ran, I mean he didn't even run. He walked like bro said to the basket and I don't know who the hell that was.


Looked the dang nigga and kept running to the corner. So that was just a bad play that that kind of fucked him up. Yeah, Wendell Carter for the most part did a really solid job on Giannis. I mean Gran Giannis had whatever he had but he made it tough on him for sure. But they missing they guys, it was too evident like down the stretch. I know Jalen Suggs is a capable player. He is a potential all star future All star probably. But he's not used to being that position. Nah bro. And you could tell like when the third, when it got real spooky they was just passing the ball Art yo turn to go iso. It was just like they wouldn't get no good shots. I mean they historically wasn't shooting well but there was nobody like all right I'm gonna hold it down right now.


Yeah that's crazy man. Shout out to the Bucks man. Listen, they competitive though for them to still be No they still hooping and they two dogs is missing. They still fall hard though. For sure. Hopefully they get Paolo back so they're a real team like they're, it is not a fluke about them. The system they got going down there, the confidence they play with bro, they got a real squad for show down there. Former Pacer. I show him some love too. Who been hooping Gogo bat. He didn't do much while he was here but boy he been solid for them and he hooped out yesterday for sure. Yeah. I like y'all wish I had him right now. Listen a lot of couple things we wish we had but yeah if he was gonna play like this yeah come back to that but ah, DJ threw him in them trade rumors too. Definitely did. I thought it wasn't even rumors it was gimme me two nickels give me a used pair of phone es for him but I mean it worked out for that squad.


I can't hate for sure but man Giannis was really killing yesterday. I know like you said when the quarter played good enough defense on him but when Giannis feel like killing bro, it ain't nothing that can do with him bro. Yeah, nah, he too athletic, too strong. His first step like it's gonna sound crazy but I don't know what other re word to use but his thrust to the rim pause like because you could say Boost. Nah, he like swans the thrust bro. Nah I'm saying like it's so many other words. Nah, nah bro. You gotta understand like it is basketball term but like his Oh respect on and off the court. Nah, I mean the way he get to the basket and transition like his open court.


Yeah like downhill drive is so crazy like there's nothing you can do 'cause he's seven foot, it only takes two dribbles for him to get damn near the length of the court. Right. So once he get inside the three point line, you gotta be able to embrace the impact that he about to give you. Like and if you don't got somebody that's strong enough to embrace his impact, he gonna kill you. And Wendell Carter did an okay job. I mean I don't think he was quick enough to stay in front of him but the reason they struggle against Boston is 'cause Al Horford is quick enough and he can take that ball. Yeah that right, right. And like that's true. It's it Gianni, I'm not gonna say he struggles but he doesn't play as well against them. It makes sense 'cause even last night they were just trying gamble and say okay we can't keep you in one.


So sometimes they were just like foster me in like trying to pull a chair like yeah like you said, I can't take the impact but at least I can get you on a couple travels or make you misstep a little bit. But like you said bro, when Giannis feel like getting to the pain bro ain't nothing you can do. Even when their car was down there playing his best defense from way elbow fuck out the way. Yeah like he just different bro. He like the the fast version of Shaq. Hmm Young Shaq? Yeah like I don't know who more dominant like obviously Shaq's size but like Gianni's quickness and strength and speed and height kind of make him like the another version of Shaq almost damn near on the low because he always in the paint. Yeah. You know he not shooting.


Yeah. And you just gotta figure out a way to stop it and he averaging 32 points so shit. Yeah bro. I don't know one of the greatest of all time for sure man listen to Bucks advancing the situation. Who's a better matchup for him? The Knicks or the Hawks for the Bucks? Well we know for the Bucks or they probably would but who give them the best game? Oh the best game would be the Knicks. Which mashup do you wanna see The Hawks? I was gonna let him cook. I'm a hawk. I'm a hawk. I wanna see my bo my boys go forward. But I mean I think the fans, the world would like to see the Knicks version. Vegas needs that. Yeah but me, I wanna see the Hawks. I think they got the team.


I think Milwaukee plays a terrible no I think the way they play defense fits well for the Hawks. Okay. They play drop coverage with Brooke Lopez. Same thing with Bobby Portis. He's not the best defender. He Giannis can be a good defender. He more of a shot blocker now, you know Chase down kind of guy. Yeah that's perfect for Trey Young guy who they played drop back covers. You could shoot the three three or get into is floater game or whatever. For sure. So I like when we played him in the playoffs he killed us. We average 41 that's I was about to say the last time and that's when Drew was there. So damn the way that y'all played defense, especially with Tre obviously a little bit of history.


Yeah. Yeah he he might turn up against them for sure. Yeah sure man. Double header of that game man. OKC Mavs SGA went crazy last night Smooth 39 piece OKC took care of other the Mavs yesterday 1 18 1 0 4 defense semifinal as well. Like we said SGA had 39 also had eight and five with that J will 18 and seven. Please tell me y'all caught that game yesterday. I did man I ain't gonna lie. Fell asleep. Shay Unguardable. Yeah bro. One nigga when it boils down to it bro, SGA is really? Yeah and they can't we we was out of pocket for putting him lower on regardless Luca, Luca got a Denver average 30 for them to win bro he can't have 16 points.


Luca didn't show up yesterday. I know that those fourth quarter points helped that 16 look like that. 16 Luca did not show up yesterday. Kyrie was efficient. I think Kyrie was probably like seven 14 or something like that and that's cool. And Clay, I think he might have hit like five threes or some shit like that. But they need Luca to get like 30. Well for me the game was really at the point where OKC just stuck to fundamentals. They was just like, y'all others gonna have to beat this. Oh look now you hold your hands like Mike, you about to say some smart shit every time I about to say something smart put his hands together like that. Like he Professor X but nah they just made the others shoot the ball like they just quit forcing the ball at they hands and made everybody else shoot the ball and they didn't get going. AK going in the fourth but at that point it was too late.


Man they, they whooped they ass yesterday. They ain't want no smoke with Stein either. He two motherfuckers strong bro. He a force. Ah he is force. He a top 10 center bro. Yeah. He'll, he'll, he'll force in the pain. I just, I I told you how I feel about them even making it to the playoffs bro. And they did that without Chet. I think they got the perfect team to make a run. Mm. They got hartenstein to play Denver for Yoic then Chet when he get back he can guard basically one through four. They got a good, good group man. Yeah Dre will taking that motherfucker coast to coast bro. It just look like a well put together hoop team new do Lou do was hooping yesterday.


He really be locking up and you look at that role players, they play with extreme confidence you guys, they, you know what I'm saying, shooting that basketball and they'll say Cason wa like they all confident guards bro. When it is just plug in, plug out and get to it, you can tell that coach is a good coach and he probably like, he builds their players up for sure because all them come in the game ready to fire like the Wiggins dude something he's ready to fire. I'm like everybody got confidence on this team. I need to take a little page of his book because but it's the same swag I feel like as Cleveland bro. Yeah what you say with Kenny gassing them up like nigga All right be ready when I call your jersey like let's go.


You gotta have that same energy and effort that, you know what I'm saying? The next man coming out is just gave me the dope part about it is KC they younger and you can tell they energy like you know what I'm saying? Cs obviously they winning so everybody getting along and stuff. But you could tell KC they really rock with each other. Yeah And that make a difference on the court. Well you gotta see where they at though you Oklahoma City gotta stay locked in. It ain't nothing, nobody else out there like so true. I'm not even trying to be disrespectful to the city but it is literally nothing out there. So you know you get real close knit to that group. Like if you go back to James and KD and them, they would say they had that same energy. Yeah sure. Like only people out there is y'all. Y'all gonna fly something in here and there. Especially when y'all young for sure. You know what I mean?


They probably having house parties. Probably not now. 'cause I think they all look. Shout to Jeff Green, the fly out legend man. Damn I'm just talking shit bro. Jeff Green got a crazy shout out is probably over. I'm I bullshitting. I'm bullshitting Delta Scott. I just fucked with Jeff Green on that team though. That was my dog. I'm talking shit. Yeah his wife over here about to be going crazy like y'all type of, I don't even know them niggas homie me. Hey Jeff. Full up man. He head out pocket. Damn damn. But now you can see they're a close knit group though. For sure


man. Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're on sale at Draftking Sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns. Grab some tds of Draftking sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking sports book app and use code club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA member FDIC.


What Does kisqali mean for Lisa who has HR positive HER two negative metastatic breast cancer? I started taking Kisqali in 2020 and I intend to keep taking it as long as it keeps working for me. I have so much going on in my life. I'm a legal assistant, a minister, a grandmother. I love doing all these things and it's very important that I'm able to keep going. Individual results may vary. Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligram tablets is a proven prescription medicine used to treat adults with hormone receptor positive human epidermal growth factor receptor two negative breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body. Metastatic in combination with an aromatase inhibitor as the first endocrine based therapy. Kisqali can cause lung problems or an abnormal heartbeat which can lead to death. It can cause serious skin reactions, liver problems and low white blood cell counts that may result in severe infections. Avoid grapefruit during treatment. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms including breathing problems, cough, chest pain, a change in your heartbeat, dizziness, yellowing of the skin or eyes, dark urine tiredness, loss of appetite, abdominal pain, bleeding, bruising, fever, chills, or other symptoms of an infection. A severe or worsening rash are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. These are not all the possible side effects. Kisqali is available by prescription only. Talk with your doctor and visit kisqali.com For more information for patients and providers, including full important safety information and patient prescribing information. That's K-I-S-Q-A-L i.com.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I'm Jason Deir, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn NHL Network Analyst And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah, I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Burki, That's sort of Casa Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Diverse the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mul who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison packer stand. Anya And I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers And on our new podcast Moms Who Puck we're opening up about the chaos of our daily lives between the juggle of being athletes, raising children and all the messiness in between. We're also turning to fellow athletes and beyond to learn about their parenthood journeys and collect valuable advice like FIFA World Cup winner Ashlyn Harris. I wish my village would've prepared me for how hard motherhood was gonna be. And Peloton instructor and ratchet mom club founder Kirsten Ferguson. And I remember going in there a hot mess. So listen to Moms who PA production of iHeart Women's Sports and Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


This Mav team. Y'all have many issues with them, like their inability to beat the top teams in the West. No. You still feel like in the in the playoffs it's still Kyrie and Luca versus the world. They can figure it out besides them boys. I, I just think but I think what's your boy yolk is is just so damn good bro. They probably could beat the shit out of the mass. You think the nuggets could beat the math off the strength of him? Mm I think that's a tough matchup for Denver because they got enough bigs that they can't, they won't keep stop Yoic but I think Lively and what's the other one they got?


Er Daniel Gaffer? Yep. Yeah, I think they got enough size and Kleber can kind of, max Kleber can go there a little bit. And guarding they just got enough bodies to guard yo. I ain't gonna say they're gonna stop 'em but they got enough to guard. I don't know if that's the same for them on a defensive end. Yeah because Murray's not guarding Luca. Aaron, Aaron got a PJ for sure as Aaron Gordon gotta guard somebody. So you gotta take your pick. Is it gonna be Kyrie or Luca and either one of us not. It is gonna probably have to be Luca. Yeah he gonna stay in front of Kyrie. Well Jamal Murray ain't guarding Kyrie. Yeah Chris Street. Jamal Murray for sure. So I don't know. It might be a tough matchup. Damn that's a hell of a look. I'm thinking of other top teams in the west outside of them.


Hey B here they been on you in the Economi. They said don't be putting the rockets in the play in they, you know what I'm saying? They they three in the west right now. Shout, shout to h cha man. They said how they match up with them. They know how I wore out there. How the mask match up with the grizzlies. But fuck y'all. Hey y'all see y'all need to be a gm y'all see who going after Cam Johnson? Yeah, the teams the Grizzlies bro. Well you know I'm a little tapped in in that Brooklyn front office. It's not that easy. I know it ain't that easy Dennis. Then this will probably be gone before Cam. Oh just a little insider y'all but man this nigga ain't got no insider. Nah, legit. Dude, I, I shut up my sources try to drop my Yeah nigga drop a nigga fired The Real ones nigga Get fired.


Steven. They don't got my plug nigga. Fuck you mean. Hey did you see Stephen a nephew on his show and he was just like, he got a nephew. What he look like? He said man he was, Steven was like look man you doing all this stuff in the streets. He said you using my name to seal the deal. He said most definitely. He said you gonna use my Fame to background. He's like yes you put it in the work for us. Cracking shit off. The strength of Stephen A is crazy. How old is he? He young boy. Oh that's filthy good shit nephew. Nah, but Kendall to Memphis though. That'd be on some real shit. That'd be far. That'd turned him up to a whole different level. We talk about it. But they, they'd be contenders for sure. For sure. Lemme see that clip his nephew.


Oh I ain't seeing that clip. Y'all gonna see yeah much this play. I can see what this nigga look like man. He got one seven. It is the short right there. Shout out to our technology and anyway it's all Yourself with what you was like I'm I'm I'm I'm Stephen's neck and that's what it did. Yeah. Wow. He looked like Stephen a You know I seen like I say you flourishing. I'm like he's basically flourishing. Funny Man watch out man.


No you, I have to finish the clip if it please work. So What I would do was some people Didn't believe it. Like Steven they was, I just call you, you never pick up but your voicemail who did it was you And They usually how close the show is this on tv? Yes. Nah bro, I'm I'm that's fake. Hey man, that's like Malcolm getting off the strip. You Yeah, I'm not too be, I'm not. The girl's not even gonna know who Steven that is. Nah, they not. Especially not no girl your age they like who is that nigga, take your hat off. Let me see if you got a hairline like that nigga bro.


Fuck we doing bro. He said I ain't even talk to you. I just used a voicemail using a voicemail to back something. It's crazy. Chad's a Stephen though. He's a legend bro. Your nephew keeping a name alive. We not gonna repeat what Malcolm said if my nephew did that. It is, it is gangster because he could pull to the crib. I answer too. What's up? Bye. What's good bye Steven. Steven ain't hitting the door button on that. Oh we you I oh I come to the crib real quick. I gotta pick up the whip. I left the whip. I'm like which one you leave? You might left the keys in the porch. Go ahead boy. Go get your car. All right go get your car nigga walk in the how the fuck you doing? How so he walk in and change his Malcolm get that PORs from Joe.


Nigga take, take the gw. He said I need a PORs for show Man listen man Hawks versus Nicks good rivalry game. You know they hey Tre Young in New York man we gonna win this Oxy seven point underdog. What they gonna do? Take take the hawks man y'all gonna win some money tonight. I put money on the Hawks tonight. Yeah. Damn. No I would never we act up in the guard, we go crazy. I had some my best games in the guard respect Catch who lit though bro? That's a blowout. Is this a game that you think that the, the Knicks could overlook? You know what I'm saying? That you know they got the bucks coming up soon. Is this a game? Nah, they trying to win that chip bro. Okay. They playing hard lock them niggas playing hard, hard for that meal.


Whatever it is that they get at the end they playing hard for that. Boys want that extra chicken. For sure. Yeah and the fact that they hate like the city hates Tre Young. I think this makes this a good game for sure. And I want him to kill this one of 'em games. Fuck them assist bro. I know you've been passing ball a lot Ball Hogs tonight bro. Go get 40. I don't care if y'all win for 50. Trey go crazy. I'm do the Ice Tre shit I'm gonna be in my hawks jerseys at the crib. The double zero when we was on Teammates. Yeah I said Tre Young ain't trying to score like that this year. You trying to double down so nah this had 20 and what 20 and 12 or something like that. You better go for 40 and 15 nigga. This is the game to crash out for show. But you say you got the Knicks tonight. Oh this, this is no brainer white paper for me. Yeah it's no brainer.


Damn. Anybody want bad tap in? You know I feel like the Knicks gonna win this game but I would love for the Hawks to win this game just to see Tre Young piss off the Knicks fan base. Yeah that would make me happy. That's the basketball we deserve. Like he sent him home once before, sent him home again. Oh man. Cat two lit bro. Cat ain't going for sure man. Also Warriors verse Rockets. Who needs this win more tonight? The Rockets, the young Rockets need this win more than the Warriors. Okay a hundred percent. Something to build upon. Give 'em some experience in the situation. Yeah and Rocket two point favorites man. How they, how they win tonight? Teague So Gong gonna have to have a big game. He can't let Draymond neutralize him like Draymond take him out the game.


Rockets loose straight up. Yeah, I like how Yoka told him you can't play like a European, you gotta stop crying and stuff. I appreciate that. You know what I mean? I mean that's one of the realest things you can say to somebody. Yeah I quit crying at hoop. Like quit begging for fouls and go score the ball. Yeah. Have to say that sometimes that's the worst thing ever when you see like a player, I mean yeah you at that level we know you good but like when people don't get calls and they be pounding up, be like complaining and shit like it's like bro just go who? But I get it sometimes you gonna feel the ways bro. The rest be wildling out sometimes but bro just go play basketball bro. By the way, DJ is a referee. I used to be for sure by the way.


So shut the fuck up was was one of them niggas out there not calling them fast, letting niggas carry and travel. So yo sad ass third grader. Can I hear a left hand layup? Please don't be talking about a charge. Get outta my face. It is crazy bro. That's the probably the toughest job in sports period. I being a referee. Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean yes and no. It's a, it is a hard job but it ain't that hard. You gotta deal with some crazy shit. Especially high levels bro. For your mental bro. I don't know bro. The mental part. Yeah on the AAU level bro. To be a ref is some of these tournaments bro is crazy. Well if you look at some of these au single moms are the worst bro and the best. I mean shout out to the off the court but on the court with they kids bro they are the worst bro.


I have really been in hella tournaments and these parents have been going nuts. Yeah they do be nuts. They be cracking up. They they go nuts on the coaches referees. Yeah parents are crazy. I don't remember when I was younger I remember my parents and like people I played on team with, they would argue the other parents like yeah, yeah like your son can't guard my son, da da da. Then it'd be over. Yeah they argue them parents the ref and they coach for sure and they gonna go to the scores table. Yeah, that'd be the funny part. I'd be like hey you know one of these parents is on your team right? Like yeah this shit crazy. But we had to, we had to have a game stop because parents on the same team was fighting bro. Yeah niggas brought guns in au tournaments bro.


Yeah nigga said my son way better than yours. He was like I'm gonna show you who better it stole the nigga bro. They was up like this was a a big tournament. I said this shit's crazy. Yeah man, shout out to the parents man. They'd be outta pocket. But yeah man the rockets, I definitely think they could use this if they get this, you know what I'm saying? Advance up even if they don't win, just to have this experience, that type of team, the young talent they got for sure is bring their stock up man. Speaking of young talent, BYU, the new NIL plug man and Mormon bag different ain't it? They doing something else different out there. They got a a nice backing. Yeah they got a person I think one of the Utah jazz owners. Yeah sir. Yeah he backing a lot of that NIL over there. Danny Angels as well too. Danny.


Okay. AJ I knew was going, I knew there when he went to Utah Prep the right one was on the wall. Yeah That was like very obvious like why the hell is this dude going to Utah Prep? Yeah why are you going to Utah? And then BYU shows up in his top 10, top eight, whatever it was. And it's like okay he's going to BYU. I seen that coming seven m's. I would've meant to BYU too. I could go a year without no bun. It's cool. Oh no we gonna put that in the contract. Nah, he gonna be locked in though for a whole year. He gonna hoop he cold though. Nah, he's elite. That's why I sometimes like Penny Hardaway, he was talking about it like it's kind of hard to find a love in the game of these players. 'cause they just, some of them, a lot of 'em is just cool with taking this bread and if the NBA don't work out, fuck it, I'm up nigga he up Rich, he probably up 12 million, 10 to 12 million.


Yeah he already got, if he getting 7 million here, he already had endorsement deals. Most definitely. You gonna see that, that check drop soon. Because if he go to Nike you already know what it is. And if he don't go to Nike better he's a Nike athlete. I was gonna say I think he's already on the roster but when that goes all the way up. Yeah it's ugly bro. Alright. That's my only beef for the NIL bro. Get all the money y'all want. Just don't lose the love for the game bro. The way he hooped though, it is like he don't want to be just a nice college get money dude. He want to be like the best in the league. Nah, he definitely want be a star. He wanted them for sure. He wanna go to the league and be nice. Yeah he he want to be a star for sure. It is just so many people under him though. Like I wonder how many people still got that dog in him, like him and Cooper and all the rest of the top young talent because after I feel like after 20, if I'm getting this shit a a 700, $600,000 NIL deal, I'm motherfucking Shiloh Sanders, this motherfucker all the way through.


You gonna go stay for six years? No I'm seven. Yeah I'm seven. I'm getting a crib probably after probably I, I need that first year, that rookie season I need to be in that dorm mix with my 500 600,000. I'm in the dorm room. Living in the dorm. Up half A is filthy. Especially if I'm at a, on a black campus. If I'm at Alabama a m I'm in the dorm with the holes for sure. Then we gonna turn up the diction. Well 500 K you will be, you be to transfer Porter if, if you think you about you be the most, you going breaking news the most. Brandon Most at school had the most money at the school. You can bother. Norm you gonna be on Breaking News?


Yeah, outta pocket. Brandon Hitt car, the Hellcat on, on campus. Maybe he disrespectful. I'm trying to show say ain't no money in Alabama in there. Ain't no money over there. Ain't no that wasn't from me. Shout to them man. You saw what Jackson State said they couldn't bust down that bag with Prime. He had to go. They got two one though this year. Man. Nah for sure they IL deals like 5K DJ what we got? They not, they're not in volume deals. Oh God. Well that's crazy. 5K seven M bro to go. Who? Four years fire on year seven. I'm rolling. Yeah. Y'all think the other schools gonna catch onto this train to get the best players like that now or they just gonna keep going? How they gonna be?


Ain't nobody got no money like them. It is Louisville now. Louisville and BYU got the most money. Yeah. Hmm. We had IL before NIL now they look at us now. It's crazy but it's why that so sad then if they got the most money, why are they not getting the player? Well this past first year so he just now got to recruit so we'll be cool after of this year. They got you 10. They be decent. The fuck outta y'all tonight? Yeah bro. We came off bro. We came off a death penalty basically bro. We had to get it out the mud. Mm Yeah they'd be good next year. Yeah but him going to BYU, they got all NBA coaches. All their whole coaching staff came from the N nba. NBA. That's fire. So he's straight. He's more than straight. Nah, BYU building something nice.


Dude, they got a person right now. There a guard 6, 9, 6, 8, 6, 10. Somewhere around there. Hmm. Point forward. Damn I ain't him shit. 10. Okay. He gonna be a top 10 kid. Ken too, right? Kenon Catchings there? Yeah. Huh? Who? The dude from BYU? Yeah he talking about Kenny. Yeah that's Ken. Oh yeah. Catch he talking about talking about this Russian kid they got, he like 6 8, 6 9. Supposed to be top 10 pitch catch on him based on him is top five. Yeah. I mean shit. But if he stay, I mean I don't know. Nah he not staying. He can't. That's the case. Yeah, I was gonna say yeah for sure but in a crazy world if he stay next year with him, boy.


Oh it'd be nice damn Cannon catching ZZ out there. I don't know if anybody else gonna go there with him though. He probably don't even want them to let me hoop out bro because I couldn't imagine my, my homie getting seven mil and I'm getting 20 5K. Ain't no more NL after that. That's a wild drop off. It ain't no more NI hill bro. You just gave us, that's a wild now tell you that's a crazy drop off where the rest of the money coming from. Y'all just gave, I know. We dunno where this seven mil came from. I'm saying I, I can't get a hundred. I know it ain't no more left after that seven like damn bro it can't be no more meals up after the seven after a while if I'm, I'm funding this. I'm like all right nigga. Well I'm saying bro, if I'm a quality you ain't bringing Jamar to campus nigga you I'm just saying.


What about who the number two player in that class. Who number two Boozer. He going Duke? Yeah they going to Duke if you was bringing your homie. Okay. But to give another top nigga. I'm trying to think who number three or four. Number three number. I nigga got a hundred number three going to Kansas. Yeah, look up top recruit bro in the class of 25. That's crazy. The dude going to Kansas Raw though. Number three pick when we seen that Dame camp. Yeah. Yeah he raw. I ain't gonna lie. He not that nigga is called, I forgot his name. He raw. They looking up lineman. Oh my God.


There we go. Don't nobody else got BYU in that shit. Ain't no money bro. They got all the money he gave it to him. Damn. Shout out to young Jasper. Shout out to Markel Brown Money well spent Markel Brown. What do you rank that boy? Nice. He my player in the class. Hey come, come on home my boy. Come on home young pg. He's really, really cold. Hearts we locked in. Markel going go to the lou. My boy, he's a, he's a pro. That's my favorite point guard class. You put me on him bro. He he different. Oh they got somebody else gonna B by you. Who? This dude.


Oh the money's gone. That nigga was like the nigga that played with each one of them and he somebody Yeah, big too. Oh yeah. Yeah. The money's gone. Yeah, the money's gone. He d didn't get a hundred K. Yeah, no he got, he probably got about two 50. Yeah, 2 53. Oh we probably got 500. He top 25 he got 500. But the thing is, you know when you get to the league it's different paychecks. You might as well learn now bro. I'm seven ams bro. Yeah. What's a lifetime? You might be here 50 years. What? Bro, would you go there though to BYU? Yeah. So 7 million. Yeah. Yeah. But if you had a chance to go like Kansas, duke, whatever and they giving you half. Nope. No. Oh that's the dude with no hair. He he a monster though. He go there too. Say 16 B. Yeah. Okay. Yeah he got a meal.


Yeah. Yeah he got a meal. Yeah he got four star. Yeah. Yeah he got a meal. He got a meal. Zian Stanton. Stanton. Yeah. He probably got a mail. Yeah he got seven. He definitely got a mail. Yeah for BYUI. No. Can you go back to his profile one more more time? I'm gonna tell other schools they offering him. I'm going, we could tell I'm going anywhere for seven M. Oh yeah, Michigan USC stand for U and other. Yeah he got paid. Yeah that was an M check. Yeah. Yeah. So you said you would go anywhere for seven mil anywhere. I don't give a fuck name it. Yeah bro. I feel that even I mean shit. But they say you can't get no buns on campus. You know what they say they do on campus at BYU? What they say? They just let you, you could just lay in it and then they have somebody come shake the bed because they say lay in you what the joint and, and shorty they said if you like, I guess on their campus if you don't like do the actual thing, like if you don't do no movements, it don't count.


So they said people just lay in it and then they homeboy come shake the bed like wait a minute. I swear nigga is planking in it. Look, it didn't happen. Their homies come shaking. Go look it up bro. Y'all, y'all think I'm lying? Go look it up. Yeah, I'm going Brandon Davies route. Fuck what they talking about. They said they later race. They just lay there. Nah bro. Looking before I, before I was stroking shit. I was pumping shit. So nah you ain't, I'm a pumper king. Nah, it don't count if you, it don't count. If you do that it is over bro. That's crazy. Y'all think I'm live bro? To tell me to tell me I can get my sword. Yeah, no it's facts fool. I don't think you're a lion. I'm just talking about what I would do.


Yeah. I just like, that's what my seven mil might have to get played with. 'cause now y'all playing in my face. You gonna play a meal for the bus telling me I can stick my shit in something and just tell me to sit there? No, no. 'cause once you go, huh? Ain't gonna be nothing. You know when you first enter that motherfucker, they make that noise, it ain't gonna be nothing. Alright, let's do, let's go move on. That's gonna turn me up. I don't even wanna go to verify buckets after that statement. We here man be here. Who was getting to it yesterday.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


What does kisqali mean for Lisa who has HR positive HER two negative metastatic breast cancer? I started taking Kisqali in 2020 and I intend to keep taking it as long as it keeps working for me. I have so much going on in my life. I'm a legal assistant, a minister, a grandmother. I love doing all these things and it's very important that I'm able to keep going. Individual results may vary. Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligram tablets is a proven prescription medicine used to treat adults with hormone receptor positive human epidermal growth factor receptor two negative breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body. Metastatic in combination with an aromatase inhibitor as the first endocrine based therapy. Kisqali can cause lung problems or an abnormal heartbeat, which can lead to death. It can cause serious skin reactions, liver problems, and low white blood cell counts that may result in severe infections. Avoid grapefruit during treatment. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms including breathing problems, cough, chest pain, a change in your heartbeat, dizziness, yellowing of the skin or eyes, dark urine tiredness, loss of appetite, abdominal pain, bleeding, bruising, fever, chills, or other symptoms of an infection. A severe or worsening rash are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. These are not all the possible side effects. Kisqali is available by prescription only. Talk with your doc and visit kisqali.com For more information for patients and providers, including full important safety information and patient prescribing information. That's K-I-S-Q-A-L i.com.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Kin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's N Challenge Script with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Demers, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Perky That's sure to Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Ma who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections. Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.


Hey Everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers. And on our new podcast Moms Who Puck we're opening up about the chaos of our daily lives between the juggle of being athletes, raising children, and all the messiness in between. We're also turning to fellow athletes and beyond to learn about their parenthood journeys and collect valuable advice like FIFA World Cup winner Ashlyn Harris. I wish my village would've prepared me for how hard motherhood was gonna be. And Peloton instructor and ratchet mom, club founder Kirsten Ferguson. And I remember going in there a hot mess. So listen to Moms Who Puck a production of iHeart Women's Sports and Deep blue Sports and Entertainment on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Well I got, I went to a Butler game yesterday and there was a kid from North Dakota State. He a senior. Ja White. He did his thing. He out had a slow, slow second half, but he fucked him up. I think with 25 in the first half he was killing for North Dakota State. So shout out to you Dakari for sure. Yeah, he was hooping I, I had caught that game for some reason. I was scrolling. I liked to watch and see what kind of defensive teams be running and I seen him lighting Butler as you don't take that skill. I was like, he killing Butler. I was about to text DJ like Butler getting fucked. The pace was fucked up, up Butler fucked up Butler came back. But it just, it just wasn't enough. So shout out to Akari for sure.


Hey man, listen, we put a lot of support in his down. Did Butler win that game? Nope. I was gonna say they Butler was seven three. It came down. Yeah, it came down to the Wire. They was supposed to dust them though, but he just, they got, they was down by 21 and a half though. So yeah, shout out to them though. Shout out to er. Put lot on this man name. I'm gonna show him some Love Day. Darvin ham man. I'm gonna show Darvin Ham some love with five bucks. He undefeated the end season tournament. Man. Ain. Took a loss. Won the last year Bucks. Won it so far this year. Man. Show my boy Dham some love. Shout out to Dham. Yeah, you said no, no I shot the DH gate. Why you niggas get y'all fake shoes? It's the only dh all little kids at Pipe. They shop at DH Gate. Somebody put me on, oh that's the plug plug.


Somebody snitch, somebody plug me said oh everybody got Bcia. I got that pipe. They gave 'em DH Gate. Oh damn. I said damn. That's what they get 'em from. Nah, but shouts to Darvin Hill, man. They, you know what I mean? That's some, some glory you can get because it's over with. After this Chris ain't too much. You so positive man. But she got some damp, some love. You got teg. I'm gonna go with Jalen Suggs. Man. Everybody was out. He showed up big for the magic even though they didn't get the win. Played great coming back out after injury in his thumb or whatever, going crazy in the fourth, but ended up with 32. He did his thing for sure. Man went crazy. Last but not least, man, SSGA 39 has to be respected. Bro. Went crazy yesterday.


Yeah, that's crazy man. It's just a normal that he killed like that. Now shout out to Chris Middleton too. Coming in, doing his thing. He ain't give him too much, but him letting Dame Cook, you know what I'm saying? Playing off the ball like he do, bro, that, that meant a lot to that team. I listen, we already think that they a capable team, but I think they're, they're a player away. Like you said, they are a trade away. Just gonna play away or bro wait player away, bro, they, they get it going bro. It could be spooky. They gotta get some better defense. Yeah, that's one thing that when B was there, Milwaukee Bucks defense was always good. That shit is awful now. Yeah, it's like bad defense bro.


And like to Prince and like Gary Trent Jr's like they wing assignments like yeah, it's just bad. I get it. But it could be a little bit better for sure. 'cause you know Dame eighth, the defender that Drew was. But listen, it is, it is their scheme though. You know like well you put it on Doc or you put it on a players. Yeah that's, that's Doc. That's when coaching. Yeah. Okay, okay. Their scheme is bad. Hey what should they do? Just give a breeze. They play like they used to play. They be switching Brook Lopez and shit. Yeah. They need to make people play inside the three like they used to. They used to give up all mid range shots. No, they used to go protect the realm very well. And they limited threes. They gave up corner threes a little bit. Yeah. But they, defense was so good you had to play in the mid range. Hmm.


And that's what made it tough. Like they had a really good defense that was always top 10 defense and offense. So that's interesting. Yeah, like I said, doc gets some flack. I guess that's a good adjustment for sure. Listen man, Wednesday morning, who needs some encouragement? Be here and get well soon. I'm gonna have to give it to Franzo State. Letting Juju and look, Kiki kill him like that is crazy. Out was scoring two players that out was scoring. That almost really happened. A brother two yesterday. But letting Juju and Kiki kill them like that is crazy bro. Yeah man. USC women's beat the sleeves. Our professional state women's ain't even gonna put up the final score. 45. 45 points and France know. Only having 40 is crazy and two players beating you is crazy.


Yesterday. Yeah that's, oh they have 45 and Fresno only score 40. Yeah, that's why I can't watch. Nah, that's why I'm gonna just say, that's why I don't watch women's basketball until the tournament. Mm. You know what I mean? Like it's too many like sad teams. Yeah. Like if it ain't Notre Dame versus Yukon or Yeah. USC versus real. Yeah like if it ain't a top 10 matchup it's gonna be a blowout. Yeah, I was gonna say that conference stuff, certain conferences got stronger wins in social. You can deal with that. But like you said yeah tournament time is one its best now they do have the best tournaments in me 'cause them top tier teams always show up for sure. Oh yeah. The best teams, they games are exciting. Like if USC play UConn, that's a game.


Yeah it is gonna be lit. But if USC play Fresno no state. Oh Belt two ass. What we doing? LSU got a killer this year too. I can't even think of her name but, oh, LSU nice bro. Yeah, Notre Dame too. Shout not Dame later they cold too. Notre Dame back court. Nice Elites Little Chick with the Ggl goggles yo. That yeah. Glass of whatever. She got nice bro. She nice too. She can hoop. Yeah man. But, but yeah for two people to beat your whole team. That's, that's, that's embarrassing. That's a joke man. That's embarrassing man. Hey, nine 40 is crazy. We'll be doing. Yeah, get well soon. Ladies listen man. Giannis get well soon man. I know you a shot blocker. I know you protected Pan. I know you don't care but Gogo Pat caught you slipping yesterday.


Big dog happens to Bigga. I wish I he played like this when he was here. Catch your body. Go. Hey on me. They said Jaylen Suggs got LeBron headband. I my mama though. Yeah you honest He got LeBron Headbands got enough paper though. He gonna get that surgery. He going to Turkey. He gonna mix it up for sure. Me and him gonna be on the same flight. He gonna go a little sooner than yo shit ain't like that. He gonna go sooner than me. He, he, I got like another two year process he got. Okay, he got one left. Yeah, he he already there.


That boy, that boy on the 10 day I'm gonna be 40 though. He on the 10 day I'm gonna be 40. He got the tray on. Yeah, for sure. Well you got TEG Well on this. I just, after seeing that Fresno State score, my whole thing been I would be in, they need help, need some help. But Y's got Gogo back though for sure. He got him back, you know what I mean? So get well soon go because yeah y'all's not on everybody though. But he to this more. Hey but watch that cut to TA though. Ah ta really coaching over there. They need to fire dunk and hire ta ta with the Milwaukee bug. Polo is crazy. He got Milwaukee Bugs Polo on. Yeah.


Nah, I'm just bullshit. I say crazy work he got, that's his brother. What's the name on there? Hey that's far. It is like if I ain't on team, I'm still cor side like I'm always here. That is crazy bro. What type of pull does y'all just got bro? I put it better than this motherfucker. I what I want. No, sit in the seeds. Nah bro. What the fuck? He's on the floor Cor side bro. Coaching. He's on the bench. That's crazy man. What you wanna you Gonna put up in the press box? Nah, not all the way up there bro. But sit behind us a couple rows bro. Sit where Savannah and them be sitting bro. What you Doing? Nah, niggas on the court bro. As soon as he duck they cut straight to him.


It was the fuck Bruce bro. I told y'all he need him the hoop bro. No bullshit bro. Lilly bro, you put that bug in the air, you probably helping him get them tickets. Nah, he he had that nigga. He was probably got a crazy bro. When I gotta the team, that nigga was like coaching me. Oh. Like he was like the guy like JT it what we need to be done. Like what the fuck, why he talking? He was for real though. I was like damn. He know what the fuck going on. Right. That's probably in his ministry though to do that in the future. For real. For real. No, that'd be fire if, if he starting off young and he know damn well he shouldn't even be talking to you like that. Getting his shit off practicing. Yeah he knew the motherfucking, he knew everything around there.


Yeah. JT this house gonna go baby you gonna go hear this house gonna go. Oh yeah. See he already tapping in Shout to see man that's how it's gonna go. He like is how it's gonna go baby. Like we going. That's how, that's what he always say. Hey man, when he becomes real coach Milwaukee Bucks. I can't wait bro. Finitely, I'm surprised he ain't in the front office. He must still wanna hoop or something 'cause I'm surprised he ain't working in the front office. But are they a trade away boy? They get a over roster spot. Ta up. Yeah. Who gonna see suit up this year? TA or pj? I don't know. PJ having a ball. PJ probably done hoop. PJ enjoying his life. But y'all need to sign. My nigga though, he still want to hoop man sign him. But he probably enjoying life for sure man.


Hey man also we just happened, we didn't speak about a little bit. Paul Millsap say he is doing man. Shout to Paul. Shout out to Paul man. Shout out to a great career. 16 year pro. He retired my boy a lot of chicken too. Underrated career too. Paul Millsap got buckets All star for sure. He was really good with Jeff and them. Paul was really, I mean he was nice to Utah too. Nah, he was a killer in Utah but with Jeff number bro. I don't know. He just looked better. Nah, he turned up for sure. Yeah, he became an all star. Pretty crazy. Like for sure man. Shout out to Paul moa be here. You got some people to wait to speak with some money today man.


Yeah man. Shout out to shout out to the beloved Draft Kings. Mm tell you who we got today. It's light. It ain't nothing crazy. Carl Anthony Towns 25. I got Steph given the Rock is 25 tonight. I got the Celtics winning by 14 over the Pistons tonight. I got the Miami Heat beating the Raptors by 10, taking the spread with the Kings Louisville. They getting dusted by, well they got 'em getting dusted by Ute but I got 'em covering that 14 and a half every time. And I do have I-E-P-U-Y beating the shit out of Purdue four Wayne by 15. So grand total, you know, 500 when you a grand total of $42,000 to that guys crown. That's like, like be it one more time for the cameras. What? What's the bet? 500. $500 when you're a grand total of $42,000, man. So yeah, I think IEPY, Louisville Kings de Heat. Boston. Steph Cur with 25 and Kat with 25. Take it today. We gonna lock in the real crash out. Listen man, Wednesday maximum some be here if you don't hit you know where the finals tomorrow for you to yell at him, man. I'll tag him in the post for show.


But listen man, we appreciate y'all. Y'all be safe out there. We'll be back in the Morning five 20 In The Morning. Hey Youth Promo Club five 20 U Dicks, The Volume.


What's up everybody? Id Na Kin Tell about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Demers here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Anya Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan. Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four. And we're excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Who Puck on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Happy Holidays from me, Michael Rappaport. And my gift to you is a free subscription to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast where I discuss entertainment, sports, politics, and anything and everything that catches my attention. I am here to call it as I see it, and there's a whole lot of things catching my eyes these days. Listen to the I amm Rap Report stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, and wherever you get your podcast.


Hey, I'm Miles Grave. And I'm Jack O'Brien. We're the hosts of the Daily Zeitgeist and we want to tell you about Miles. Miles and Jack. Jack Got Mad Boosty BBA podcast from iHeart Radio Radio. We nailed that. This is a weekly podcast about all the amazing moments that keep all of us NBA fans coming back For more. Basically, if you love basketball and you like to laugh, listen to Miles and Jack Got Mad. Boosty on NBA podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast brought to you by hypnotic.