
This is an iHeart podcast.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser Incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Lott. And This is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes, Sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports, this Kind of star studded a little bit, Man, we met them at their homes. We met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen To new episode of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali SU, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to the U versus U podcast. I'm Lex Rero inviting you to go beyond the titles and the accolades of the world's most successful entertainers. Each week we take off the Cape and get real about the inner battles, childhood stories, and the moments that shaped our guests. Get inspired to become the best version of you. Listen to you versus You podcast on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


The volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday. It's five 20 in the Morning. Your favorite sports show brought to you by Boo Smoke. You know the vibes. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a full house this morning. We got Bishop, we got Mook. We got Teague Fellows. Good morning. How y'all doing? What up bro? What's good bro? What's happening? Come on man. Wednesday we got the finals back. Maybe game three. Live in Nap Town at the bridge tonight. The vibes is high in the city man. It's gonna be some great basketball taking place man. Before we get to that though man, we gonna send prayers up man, coach Prime man. Going through some health issues man. He's gonna be missing the summer workouts man. We don't know too much of the details but oh man. We gonna set some prayers up for Coach Prime for sure man. Start to show off this morning.


Oh yeah, sure. Ain't getting healthy my dog. Come on man. Make sure the the energy is high for my dog dog. Alright man. It's a rumor mill. We're gonna play some games in NBA man. Listen, the Knicks are thirsty. Forehead coach. They are reaching out to everybody and everybody is saying get off my line dog. Well why would somebody just willingly let you take they coach they call. Can we let your coach? You know bro you can't. Well you can Trey for him. You remember Doc Rivers got traded? Yeah. You trade for a coach. Yeah, you can trade for a coach. Doc Rivers gets involved with draft picks. That's insane. Well tell 'em to call Milwaukee now and see if they wanna do that. They do not. Knicks do not want Doc Rivers. But you can trade for a coach. Maybe they had trade for Jason Ki. Yeah they had mutual interest in Dallas said playing on my phone if I'm Dallas I'd be like okay, let's trade the coach.


We won. Who You taking? Mike Kele Bridges in the on me in the trade. You can have Jason Kidd. We want Mike Ke Bridges. Damn, I'm rolling. We can work out a trade. Some draft picks. Mike Ke Bridges get off my phone. I was cracking up Houston as well. I'm rolling. And they said yeah we want man dokey. They said no hell no. Get off my phone. Stop calling me please. That definitely wasn't gonna happen. It did also as well reported they reached out to Chris Finch, man Minnesota. They said get off my line too. We not trying to help y'all. Why Would we tap in the free agency New York? It is cool. They should. It's cool.


Yeah, they don't got many options man. Call Mike. Call somebody that doesn't have a job though. Tap the free agency. Call people that have jobs. Mark Jackson. Yeah Mike. That's why I said Mark Jackson to be perfect. Mike Boot. He turned it up bro. Holder is not answering. No, bud said I am done with basketball. Hey if they call Bud that would be hilarious though. He's getting 40 bro. He's chilling. Nah man, let Mark come in there and rock out. For Real. I'm trying to think of anybody else. Yeah. Oh have you seen Metal World Peace been campaigned? Be the Knicks head coach. I'm about to throw my name out there. That'll be crazy. Let's go. Ron Artes is the head Coach. That'll be insane bro. The views will be up though. That is hard to league.


I mean they did hire Derrick Fisher so I ain't far off shit And I'm better than him. I'm me. I ain't far off. I better than that nigga. I might need to look. That will be lit one way. Another crazy. He gonna get some results. Yeah. Oh Well I hate to miss assignment from Coach Mebo. He might squirrel up with you in practice. Damn. That'll be funny. They Need to hire me though. Yeah, we we po podcast at every loss, every game. I be like Hey y'all ready guys? We be tired up. You get a New York guy lose Game. They be get your ass off podcast. I'll be like no I live, I live for this. That'll Be so I my Bro what We came a NBA head coach Of the Knicks.


Not just a coach of the Knicks. Give a pitch Jeff. My Knicks, my head coach of the well You know I'm I'm I once was a player. I'll be a player's coach. I got good offensive schemes. Defense. Eh? I hire a defensive coach but my offense, my offense would be a one though. For sure. That'll be fire bro. We gonna share the rock. Everybody will get a chance. But my defense, I probably breed ts back And You be hilarious if you hired on your old coaches, your assistant. Yeah. T gotta bud comes got fired. The staff rocking though. The staff is fired and you bring your guys on too. Yeah, all damn near smooth.


Lou Phil gonna be behind the bench. Let's go. Mook gonna be behind the bench. I'm about bud. I hire T. You got hire coach. She too guy could he gonna be somewhere golf and I don't know about that. Y'all go somewhere every day. He's nothing. Nothing. Al was cracking up man him at the lawn chair in the game yesterday. He was just like he was there but he was like space removed man. I'm like why do you have this chair? That's What I'm saying bro, you the only person that walk in here with this bro. What you want? Legend bro. But he couldn't sit down. He couldn't sit down walking across the court. I say Hey man, you can't do that bro. Walk around.


Nah coach. He can do what he do in these. Got his own rules bro. For real bro. For sure. Get what soon to the knick man. I don't know who he gonna be the head coach but I told you the grass ain't always greener. I fired tips like it was sweet. Yeah, you better. I hope y'all get blessed. A lot of people don't want that job though. It's a lot of pressure bro. Man, you, you see how many coaches they fired bro? Like quick too. Yeah. Yeah bro. They their best year in 25 years and he gets fired. People are just like, what can I do? 'cause I'm not taking you out to the finals. So my job is online every year. Yeah, that's crazy. They just need somebody who's willing to adjust with the times and also work with the people that's around him. They need to get a young guy like Boston hit big with Joe Missoula.


Yeah, let's get Jeff in there man. That sound about right. Yeah. I ain't, but not like, I mean I ain't mad but I told, I told the guy yesterday Rich, I was like yeah I get fired. I don't care. I signed and get fired. Sure that's lit guaranteed. But no, they can get, find somebody who like a up and coming young guy who showed a lot of promise. I think the dude from Utah would've been good just as a young guy that can coach. But I mean obviously Utah, they just locked him in for a while. Trying to think of anybody else. I'm sure San Antonio. San Antonio locked they guy in too. So yeah, It's probably a fire assistant coach somewhere bro.


And you be looking around, like you look at Jordan I, you look at Charles Lee like there's a lot of young basketball minds that could probably look like th thrive in that opportunity. But You know it's kind of a changing of guard situation when it comes to coaching in the NBA. I probably would hit up, what's my guy from the Magic they head coach? I forgot his name man. What is his name man? What is the head coach that's out of pocket? Oh yeah Coach. Yeah. Ma Moley. Yeah, I probably hit him up just because he did well with that young group, that young talent. He got on rolling and he kind of know how to play with, he's a player's coach. I remember when he was in Denver. Like everybody loved him. Yeah. And everybody loved him in in a magic organization. I'm sure they probably won't let him go either. But I would hit him two one.


Yeah. Luca loved him. Everybody loved him. I probably would hit him up just to see maybe the magic might let you talk to him. I don't know. Yeah, if I'm Orlando, get off my phone. We got some cooking right now. We we we on some other shit right now speaking of Orlando, they've made some pieces available. I think they trying to know what I'm saying, make a big swing for the roster next season they put up Jonathan, Isaac Cole, Anthony and some picks potentially they're trying to get another player. Do You know what I'm saying? Oh wow. The piece with that Two stars. Okay. Who do you think they go after? Oh man, that is a great question. They can't go. They got a point guard in Jalen Suggs that I like a lot. Defensive minor point guard. I like, I do like that. Any a big guard. But do you put them up and Jalen suggs up the get tre Young Who, if that's a possibility then you have to It is.


It's a lot of money. But if you can get Jalen Suggs and Jonathan Isaac and Cole Anthony, Trey Young, that's for Tre Young bro. I think it's good. I think it's good for the Hawks and I think it's good for, I think Trey Young is the best player obviously outta all them. But I think the Hawks are in rebuild mode management. He, he need to play some good basketball. And Trey Young is obviously you can build around Trey Young, he's a great player, wonderful talent. But are we ever gonna build around Trey Young in Atlanta? Nah. Are we ever gonna get any players? Not when the extension's about to be on the way. Do we get any players bro? Because they was looking at Darius Garland. So if they can get Trey on, that's a, that's an upgrade.


That's amazing. Upgrade. Yeah. Respectfully. If I don't have to give up Fran or I have to get Apollo, I will take T Tray on the heartbeat and we can figure the rest out. I'm, we will figure though. Yeah, I I'm just trying to figure out how many picks you can, like what picks can you get? What pick do the magic have in a draft? I mean they were a good team this year. Probably lower C sub 20 I'm imagining. But also for that team you can look at other players like we seen Anthony Simons being a possibility for that. Team need a bucket. I think they need shooting. They need another facilitator. Can it open shot? But I like the effort assignments and also what's your man's name? Damn. Went to Portland. You played with him in Minnesota. PG Tuss. Yeah, Tuss Jones. Everett Assign would be a great, like you got a league guard who can play high minutes facilitate, knock out open shots so that you gotta bucket off the bench 'cause the east gonna be wide open next year.


For real. For real. And the magic out young talent, they could definitely swing some pieces and go crazy next year. But if, if you putting up Cole Anthony and Jonathan Isaacs, you don't expect to get much in return. Yeah, no, no disrespect to No, no they're, they're offering picks as well though. Oh. But they probably offering their first round pick right here. But that could probably get Anthony's time. Yeah, they ain't gonna get you Trey Young. That ain't getting you Tre Young. Oh no. You gonna have to push. Nah but them two gonna have to be part of that. You gonna have to bro them two in the pick KCP bro. Them two in the pick. It probably can get you Anthony Simons them two in the pick can get you Anthony Simons. But the, that wouldn't be bad though. I, I don't know though because Portland was on the rise, like Portland was having a, they had a decent season for Portland like the rebuild.


Yeah. Chance to got an extension as well. So. Yeah. So I wouldn't be mad. I probably, I could see him saying no. But if you throwing a couple picks this first round pick in this draft, this draft is pretty cool. Yeah, it ain't a bad draft. You might be able to get him though. Mm. How would y'all feel about Jordan Pool going to the magic? Nah, don't fuck up with we got going on. No, No, no, no, no, no, no Bro. 'cause he can play Championship basketball Bro. He, yes he is the champion. He's proven that he ain't he but he has been Bad place. I love jp. I love jp but look, let him Nick Young this thing out. Yeah, for real. Nah, free my dog man. He don't wanna be in Washington bro. Let go back to Hoopy again because he been there for a minute now.


So he's stuck in them ways. It's been two years. Yeah. Let him Nick Young this thing out bro. Go somewhere to another team where you can put up buckets bro. Like Kyle Coolman, he bring Jordan Clarkson or something. Yeah, Bring Jordan Clarkson song over there. Yeah. Clarkson and Sexton. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't mad. I don't really, I like Jalen Suggs with this group. I don't like Anthony Black. That's not like I, I like his game but I just don't like him with this group 'cause him and Jalen Suggs are the same people to me. Yeah. They both defensive minded players. Yeah. Jalen Suggs is a little better offensively. Well a lot better offensively. Yeah. I think they need a scoring punch at that guard position. Somebody and Jalen s showed signs of being able to get buckets but he's been very injury prone.


He's missed a lot of, You know, some key moments. He's been out, they need somebody can step in and still get buckets even though Cole Anthony could, I think he just ran his course there. Yeah. You know what I mean? They, they kept drafting guards over him. They had four guards there every single year. Yeah. Kind of mirrored each other to an extent. Yeah. He just didn't get a fair shape. But they, I would love to see him solidify with a, You know a franchise point guard. Yeah. Even though Trey Young is my franchise point guard. I mean he'd be on a fire team who, They'll be special. I don't like Darius Garland leaving that team 'cause Darius they just had just the best team in the league. Well second best team in the league and I'm like damn least run it back one more time.


Maybe he can get healthy and try again. But the only really available point guard I would say is Trey Young. Just because we in rebuild mode. I get it and I can move that needle real quick. Yeah that's, it is ironic. Sacramento said they're looking for their point guard of the future and hinted at Trey Young and Darius Garland. Well who the hell we want from Sacramento. As if they as they only had two franchise point guards they could have had. Nah, don't send my boy Darius there. Don't send Trey Darius. Hell nah. Just stay the way y'all is bro. Yeah if, if we gonna move Trey, I because 'cause I I Trey Young, one of my favorite players in the league obviously 'cause he a hawk and he was a my teammate before but we gonna move.


I wanna move him somewhere where he can. Yeah man you might be in the championship bro. We can thrive. Yeah. Kegan Murray, Keon Ellis two first round picks for who we done but we ain't that dumb. We made some, we made some bad Trade Y got y'all gotta send Zach Levine and DeMar the Rosa two. Yeah. Say we made some bad trades but ain't ain't that bad about To say too. Well I don't know it's the Kings. Y'all might just counter say we want everybody at Ross. They might just say yes bro. Nah they've done wilder deals before. Trey Young for sure cannot go to Sac Town. No I don't. No Sir bro. No I don't. I do not want him there. I ain't definitely him bro. If he go to Sacramento, no.


Yeah that's not fair bro. To finally get free from Phil Atlanta to go to Sacramento. That's not right bro. Stay in the A bro. I don't want nothing from his Sacramento. I don't know where else really Reon could go Though. It's only the only team that makes sense is the magic like 'cause that's what they missing. Yeah He could still be him. That dynamic point guard of match up with Franz and pop. Woo. Man that would be Tough. That three is crazy bro. Nasty bro. Nah that would be tough. Alright man we're gonna hop in the super cheff for a second. RR two T said DJ gotta bring back the Bishop Greenleaf intro T What were your thoughts when you dunked on KD also Kyrie said he trying to get on the show. Oh yeah, after the last episode for the church man and the compound man Bishop Greenleaf is back man we trying to get this $15 million state.


Yes we gotta go to the gospel with it. He is Not bro. The greenleaf is back bro. The really is back. I'm trying to get a crib on the compound. I don't even want the the big house. Just gimme one of the the side house. It is tripping bro. The Kirk Franklin conversation yesterday. They said you back to the gospel man. Yeah. Oh Jesus. Shout out to mama team man we had good convoy today, yesterday. Oh my Lord. Let's talk about how B here snitched on talking about Malcolm. You snitch. Bring it up Malcolm. He snitched what happened? No he's a, he's one of y'all for sure. What'd he do? He definitely told on me. What'd he say? He basically told your mama here me. He'll be talking about friendship all the time. Yep. Yep. See probably over the horse. Yeah he do for sure.


Yeah man shout out to Kyrie be here hit his line yesterday. We gonna try to make it happen man. Shout out to Kyle for sure. Send Me the right number. Kyle, He sent you the wrong number Man. He sent you the burner and maybe Kyle was, You know what I mean. Feeling good. He was in the check clowning but he sent me it was too many digits bro so we gotta get it right. Hey that's the ultimate though. Get somebody a number. We give 'em 10. That's crazy. Alright man. FYN Tone said what's some fire not life places in nap. It's supposed to be 10. I thought they Supposed to be 10 numbers. Yeah, he sent me 11. I was like, I started counting my phone on. I said I said too many no, no No. DJ said he gave you 10 numbers And I like 7, 7, 6.


This show never serious. No air code. Alright. A K eight. Where the girls? I'm 22. I don't discriminate. They love all flavor so don't just send me ghetto shit. Damn brother. He trying to find some what's happening in that hop on Tinder I guess brother. I don't know. It is a place called go to the Bowl. It's a place called Sunset. They got all flavors. Yep. Damn close at 4:00 AM Apple blast King Boy just I'm bringing you. Just sending you the dog. 22 soon I'll here. You were cooked. Stay home nigga. Yeah go to Sunset and what time? Give 'em a time to go. You bring all your cash if you don't they have at TM at time.


Go after 11. Don't don't go to the at TM across the street. Yeah, yeah. Be safe. Nah, go ahead Warrior your Shay with no good Warrior your Shay with no good. It's crazy. Alright man Kyle Frank and Super Chest say what would Nick's coach Te do if somebody tried him Like Sprewell they wouldn't do that. I'm too cool bro. That's but we all here to make money man. Let's make this money man. Giving 'em stripper talk. We here to make that money man. You treating K Nicks like pink crazy. We ain't here. Hey you hear that crowd. They here to see y'all. Come on get out there stupid.


Alright Ben just K to super chat said Bradley Bill slash Exactly. Vinny, Orlando or Detroit? Nah. And Drew or Derek White to the mass. Which I think the M situation that'd be beneficial for them but I don't know what they payroll is like. Yeah I, I like the Mavs getting Drew or Derrick White. I, I mean Boston gotta get under this cap a little bit. Their their tax is gonna be crazy. They don't get moved some of these people But who did he say before that? What was Brian, bill, VIN to Orlando or Detroit? I don't like either one of them going to Orlando. Nah, they got their score and P five and Franz. Yeah. Yeah. They need a complimentary point guard who can score.


These are two shooting guards that's gonna need touches to be effective. They already got KCP who? Just a corner sitter three and D guy. That's what they need from them. But they need a scoring point guard another threat. It ain't one of them. Nah, Detroit might not be a bad look for I'm I'm talking about Orlando. Yeah but Detroit might not be a bad look Brad, bill or Zach Levine or is welcome almost for sure In Detroit. Zach Levine as a great runner mate next to K would be very, very tough. But I don't know Brad bro because Oh yeah he he he had a cool tough time but we know what he could do. Brad on waves. Brad on waves is fire. Yes. That's a blessing.


Yeah Brad on waves is fire but I don't think Zach Levine fit Detroit style right now. Detroit kind of grimy. Yeah You know what I mean. Not the city but I'm saying like how they play. Well it is like they kind of tough. You seen like Malik Beasley all them they was just trying to have like this tough persona even though we know like that ain't really how they rock. But they was bringing that kind of energy and Zach Levine a super, You know, chill, smooth criminal Brad Bill pit them more like Brad Bill. You know he failure. Yeah he say he failure That was the jab. Nah it ain't no jab. I found him. I was gonna say love the clip.


I'm saying like Brad Bill, he got some, he got some shit to him and when I say shit to him like he, he fight like he fight, You know what I mean? He Compliment K better though. Yeah He do for sure. Not a bad question.


The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance so we can play some bets on these games man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA For sure. We ready to tap in man what you got for me? Be five to get $300 in bonus bets. Man $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Yeah I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm gonna use that bonus bet to put it in for my Indiana Pacers. We going get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time bets on DraftKings $5. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings put in promo code Club five 20. That's again promo code Club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me but hey you bit that $5 and you get $300 back on with that. Bonus bets for show only on DraftKings the crowd is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Cinon Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser Told them from Lava for Good and the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Van Benny the Butcher Brent Smith from Shinedown got be Real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Car. Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast Season two on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you get your podcast. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to wear media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports. Collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to the U versus U podcast. I'm Lex Rero. And every week we sit down with some of the biggest names in entertainment to talk about the real stuff, the struggles, the doubts, and the breakthroughs that make them who they are. We go deep from childhood trauma, family overcoming loss, and the moments that shaped their journey. These honest conversations are meant to take the cave off our heroes with the hope that their humanity inspires you to become a better you and therefore set you free to live the life of your dreams. Here's a sneak peek. I'm trained to go compete. I'm trained to be like go harder. But sometimes that mentality stops you from stopping and smelling the flowers in your own gardens. Is it Wrong to want More? We migrated our family migrated here. I'm like second generation. Listen to you versus you as part of Michael Tu podcast network. Available on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright thing at the junior in the super chat. Si shout out to all y'all. Happy belated Teague. How y'all feel about the Wizards in the young court? Is there anything they could do to get good and do y'all feel like Pool could be the guy here? Keep drafting Washington. Yeah, keep praying brother. He could be the guy. He's the guy. He's the guy now. Where y'all going? He the guy. We just don't know where y'all guiding to. Yeah, now y'all drafted really well last year. Sorry. You know what I'm saying? Show some promise. Blahs. Nice. I imagine Buck Carns is solid as well. They got some own pieces but yeah. Yeah. Y'all got a lot going on man. I wonder who, what pick they got Like five or something like that? Six.


I forgot. I know they, I know that draft didn't go playing. Yeah, they, they were upset because they were definitely playing it for the number one and they do not have that by any means. They got a lottery Right? Yeah They got, they got a lot but they got six. Six. That's fair. Six. Nah, that team player, they need a three Or two. The African is hard if they get him. Are you from Duke? Yeah. Six is a good area for them man. I like him. I don't Like him on the Wizard though. I like him on a, a quality team player. I like him on the spurge bro. If he on a quality team he could beat Nasty. Oh that's a steal for. Yeah, I like him on the spurge. Obviously they already got something in to work with KD like Yeah but so I'm imagining he won't be available for the Spur average eight bro. He not like a person to come on. He's not going to change but he holds shit down.


Nah, Nah he do. That's why I like him on a good team. But like the Wizards I see that. Yeah they gonna be expecting him to do some shit he ain't built for and him playing extra r might be a lot to ask for. Yeah, just for two young pieces. I like him with, I like him with Wimpy in that game. You know one of them centers come in Wimpy can move to the four because Wimpy, You know he's a, he's not even a real person. Think You run the four, he dunk shit of Defense bro. Yeah, imagine if they traded back down from two and got him in something else. That'd be scary man. If they get him. I I like him with them. I like that too. But it's all right man. If kds coming, man It, I, I even love it more. I I like it more. Yeah. So if they, I wonder what they trading for kd. I mean everybody keeps saying it's in the works. I I I'm sure one of those draft picks.


So what I've seen so far is the last update of a rumor is You know Vail Soran 14 and then there it is another pick, another future pick. But then they're basically saying Harrison Barnes has to get thrown in there, there for like a salary match. Fuck. But I'm not too sure exactly what the final price will be but it is a round a 14 pick. I believe two pick is still going to be Yeah they say he ain't ain't worth a two pick no more respect the 14 though. 'cause he almost 40 Respect but at number that's okay. Yeah, they hold they feet to the flame. 'cause Phoenix, you gotta do something. No you not getting two. Number two pick they get Dylan Harper they gonna get him too. They love Dylan Harper. Mm That's a, that's a nice squad boy.


That's a, it's too much squad though like but the thing that's beautiful about kd, he play basketball the right way. Yeah he gonna get, he only need 14 shots. He like one of the players that can play on any team. Yeah he only need 14 shots with that. And he a OG now he kind of know like Wendy is like that and then he gonna see Castle. He like the thing about kd, he's a basketball head and he like a purist of the game. Like that's all he do is love basketball. Talk about basketball, watch basketball. He watched high school to college. He know all these people and he loved being around good basketball. That's why he wanted to go to the Warriors. Nah facts. Damn. Him and Wendy boy, him and Wendy Ains man I can't believe they ain't giving up Castle.


Like I can't believe that shit bullshit. Y'all talking about we got the the devil magic bro. What they doing in San Antonio is not fair bro. You get wimpy and you about to get Katy and you got Deon Fox. So we having mission in this conversation shit. And you still got Castle that's a championship bro. So you got vets and all stars on Max deals and then your young talent is on bullshit deals that that's not fair bro. And if man, if they wanted to get real crazy they could trade back the number two pick and 'cause I know Dylan Harper is called he a good player but if they didn't want like, You know if they didn't fit yeah they could trade back and still get a quality player. Like still get that dude from Duke, the center from Duke or You know what I mean?


They could still get a quality player in this draft. Let's just say they got crazy and was like we going to get an explosive wing defender like vj. Yeah. Like You know what I mean? Just Trey back and get some of the other players, they get a crazy roster. Whatever they do, they got a lot of options bro. Because I just think Castle has the ability to be a a point guard. Like a point forward type. Yeah that's what he played. Really? Yeah. So what that mean for Dylan Harper? 'cause I look like him as a point combo guard but the best thing about it is that young. So even if You know what I'm saying, it don't work out for two years. You could say all right shout out to Darren Fox but we gonna move on from you KD you gonna be going across your way. I still got my young pieces, I still got Dylan Harper, I still got Castle and I got Wendy.


We got a hell of a core. Yeah I feel you. But you gotta think damn Dion Fox only like 27. He's just saying if it don't work out though. Yeah if it don't work out you got, you got Ed you gotta make that work. No you got to he only 27. I agree brother. I mean I get it. You can move it work. I mean you can move on but that's, that's a comfort to have them two young boys back there. That is a, that is a fact. And the way that the league is changing so much, everybody's switching up in two years anyway. They might be ahead away with this. Hey y'all, y'all y'all own or something. And You know what the scarier part is about this team, if they got super greedy they could trade too and get another quality player. Yeah but they'll see even crazier you right. You gonna have to pay D Fox here soon. Yes you will.


Yeah because that's what Diego wanted from outta San Antonio. I mean outta Sacramento. 'cause he didn't take the extension right. Yeah. Yeah. So he up for extension basically. So you I was going up to 50 so it don't matter, You know what I'm saying up you either gonna have to up, you gonna have to pay Fox or so if you pay him shit you stuck. Yeah. So it don't matter if you got Dylan Harper no more 'cause he gonna be here for five years. Yep. Don't nobody really take them Supermax contracts no more. And I can't even imagine what they gonna have to pay Wendy Lord. That's a whole different. Yeah give him the franchise bro. I I like this though. You need Ownership. He gonna Have the biggest deal at NBA history this time bro. He gonna have DPO Wise all stars Ner, MVP all NBA.


It is gonna be scary but they're gonna have to pay him. It gonna be worth, I'm really excited. I'm really, really excited to see what San Antonio does. I gotta see this trade for kd. I hope it goes through. Most definitely we will stay tuned him for that. For show Fun bro. Verbally Tel already dropped it. Oh yeah Sintel bro. The guy dropped it yesterday. They know the future before us bro. We gotta tap in. Alright. Gold chain. Simpson said what era of the NBA is the WNBA equivalent to the barbershop said modern but I said the sixties leaning more into the seventies. I think it's still in this infantry stages. I don't know about the sixties or seventies but I'm gonna say they play like seventies.


Like nah seventies has some killers damn Further Back than that bro. Nah, I'm not saying like the the girl I'm saying like the way the game is like if you go to the eighties, MJ was in the eighties. Like they dunking our best players, some of our greatest players in the eighties. Why y'all keep looking at me? Huh? Some of them Boys dunk but I'm saying like our all time goat played in the eighties so And you go magic and bird situation name, I don't know. Then you go seventies, you got Dr. J and them, They in the thirties bro. That's crazy. I'm saying you got Doc like some of our all time favorites like that was Nah. I Know. So where they, where they fall?


They young man lit. I don't know how to gauge them to sound good. What year was Bob Co? For sure what was in the sixties? See that's what I'm saying. Look like the twenties bro. Nah, I ain't trying to disrespect like, Hey boy we got a lot of super check questions nigga said fifties. Nope. Forties. Nope. Y'all always can say y'all we don't know. Let's move on. It is that easy though. I think I and this went let's exercise that. Right. Thank you for the question. Let's move on. Move. There's no way we win this. Yeah, this is an L for the chat. It an for the chat. Alright man, I'm sorry Smith man. Good morning fellas. Jeff and Yo prom. If you had to pick between the Hornets and jazz to play for which one would you pick?


In my prom the Hornets? Mm. Yeah. In my prom. You mean like the team? I hope you talking about the team right now? Yeah. Ah, I'm going to the jazz Max T. Yeah, I but the jazz are off Even back Then. Oh. I'm saying like back in the day I would've played, you Would've played with the Hornets over the jazz. Yeah, I I wasn't trying to go to Utah. Hmm. Talking about other Shit. Yeah, but just for the franchise I would've went to you type. Oh yeah, Charles is Atl For Real. Yeah I would've, I would've went Tobs different. I Understand. And MJ used to pay random people that was kind of random so it would've been like a random damn Jeff got a hundred million.


He did? Yeah. He used to get random people a hundred million. That's a fact. Say what you want about mj? His decision make, he made lot black multimillionaires man on me. I remember he just threw Nick Platoon like one 20 like shit off the dribble. Like yeah Nick got, I'm get Nick Platoon, that's Bag boy. I think Terry Rodier got a hundred million. Not to say he ran them but like he was on that team. Lance Got a bag out there. Yeah He just threw random. He gave Gil a bag. Yeah, That's what I'm saying On me. He gave Gil a bag. What What I'm saying I'm trying to go to the, I'm trying to go to the Hornets get get thrown a hundred Wallace, Gerald Wallace, boy All Star Gerald Wallace. All right man. Big bad Paul. I'm not saying rest your name. Big props Bad booty daddy. Yeah That is insane. That Boy in the joint Big pro nacho for not heating, icing with the pause after he saying how he play well from behind Big Boy discipline.


All right. Respect. I show speed. I don't know what he donated but it wasn't a trillion dollars. He said All right Mike, Now shit, super Chat Now. Now out of pocket. Go to Speedy Man. Go back to Speedy. That's nasty. I just read that. Yeah, I I'm not reading that Speedy P said UCB saying he didn't know Lance had tattoos. So Jeff and Mo wear some NB players who are dark as fuck. You didn't know had tattoos so you saw 'em up close. That's that's crazy bro. I'm not, we got new bro. Yeah, I'm I'm gonna exercise my right bro. I'm gonna move on. Alright, two more man. Malcolm's on for two right now man you gotta get better.


Alright, generations. How what? Nice seeing you in Ville, Jeff and Mo. Damn. Damn I see you got me in the bill then dropped the lawsuit. Yeah got us in the set. Freaky ass sir. Put the time. No don't do that. I got a, I got a boys and girls club over there man he probably seen me over there. I don't want a boys and Girls club. Club over. That's A crazy, It is down the street from the sit. It's though. It Really is though. It's like no shout out to the versatility. Alright man. Jal Hobson super. That ain't even no joke bro. It's literally down the street. Not literally right next to King ribs if you ain't know. Get you some loans on the way. Dinner boy.


A rib dinner after a workout is crazy. I drive past that motherfucker today Boy. It should rib dinner at the church bro. Yeah bro. Everybody going to sleep. Shout out to the ites. Alright, shout out to y'all for keeping us semi truck drivers entertain best sports pie out. No debate. Moon is a great addition. MOOC is a great addition for the show. Hopkinsville Kentucky two seven oh standup. Shout out to KY for show. Appreciate you. Shout out to the drivers. Be safe out there. We appreciate y'all man. Yeah and tap in man.


Boo Smoke, we know the vibes. $25 unlimited data. Text all the above for the first. You must be hearing how much is it? $15 man. And if you ain't know it's nationwide 5G. Come on man. All my truck is riding around you use that phone chirp. Your guys tap in for show.


Alright man. The game is tonight man. We live in the bridge with the game three Moga. I know you feeling the vibes man. The city we going crazy. It is lit. Yeah but city ain't even lit. I say I wish it was a little, I'm trying to gas it up y'all and don't listen to them right now man. We trying to get the vibes but we try to get this chip. Man. I don't need that negativity right now. Nah, I I wish it was lit like I want to figure out where to go Have a outside watch a little man chat. Remember this energy? Remember this energy So y'all can clip this shit tonight. So do y'all spin We now go crazy. Y'all crazy. Where we gonna watch the game at be because You know DJ don't invite us to the suite. I tried, I tried to make a relationship y'all, we listen. This podcast is growing and growing. We gonna get our back to DJ soon.


Don't worry about it. DJ is going be any rocker somewhere Touching The jersey while we on the Floor. Yeah. So lemme can't I can't wait till you go to a Hawks game. Yes. Slip. Get the shit off. I, I'll be real. It gonna be Hawks versus Pacers. We gonna be in on court. We be like they had, You know how they be like we had two extra tickets, they wasn't on the floor. I'm like don't worry DJ take that. Don't worry, don't be at Allure. Him and Reese gonna be Reese can't get that's up. This kid is Rico Show Nephew. Hey. Hey y this DJ son the baseball I'm taking him yard.


That's crazy man. That's my little homie man. That's my guy. Shout out Tore. We don't know where we watching the game at though man. Where's the go y'all? Yeah, Y'all supposed to tell us where it's lit in the city. Y'all pace this guru. It's crazy. I'll be watching the game where it's taking place. I can't speak for everybody else. We going ho Vito ho Vito would think that's where we At to Hungry though. Make sure you order your food before you pull up. Yeah I I'm not going to ho Vito, I gotta go somewhere I can get some chicken too. Shout to Shadow Lounge. Yeah, I'll go somewhere. I coach Open tonight. Yep. Go coach. I might go to culture then Culture to watch the game because we, we recapping the game afterwards. Right. Yo For sure. So I gotta stay out.


Yep, yep for sure. Oh man. So what's going on tonight man? What? What's the game looking like? You know we've been breaking the games down and stuff, but give y'all real analysis of what the patient gotta do to secure the victory. Well who got the most pressure? Game three. A game Like this is a deciding game you think the most pressure is on. Okay, see why would you say that? Because we already stole one from y'all. We got home Court advantage. Y'all gotta get a win on the road. We tough to beat at the crib. Y'all have to get y'all one. Mm I think the pressure is on the Pacers tonight 'cause I feel like if we do not win this game it is a strong possibility that this series could be over. Like we gotta win game three. I really feel like the Pacers is gonna win a game at home.


That's why I don't feel like it's the pressure's on they gonna win one of these games at home. They're not gonna own two at the crib bro. I agree. Okay, next thing we did was win one on the road bro. But the question is you feel like they gonna split here, right? You think OKC going get one here. Yeah. Do you think the Pacers can beat OKC again at OKC? It'll be tough. I'm gonna say no. And that's why I feel like the urgency right now is we gotta win game three and four because they're going to win game five in OKC. Now you don't want that to intro series. If we gonna close them out it has to be at home 'cause we a game seven at O kc. I feel that murder, it is gotta be some divine intervention for us to win that game. I feel that. Yeah, we gotta win this game now. Yeah this is a a goddamn, this is a must win game for sure.


So the person, Which player in the, in this series for the rest of it, do y'all need the most Outside of the Stars Hall? Oh outside of the stars, outside Of your two stars see and Halliburton, who do you need the most? I'll go Miles Turner because Miles Turner's play can help dictate if they can play big or not. Okay. And if you're going from a guard perspective, I need Andrew Nim Hart to, to show up when he's aggressive and hitting shots. That puts a lot of pressure on them. They're a great defensive team but we gotta score Denver perfectly to beat them. So What y'all need from TJ Nash, I mean he's gonna do what he's gonna do. Do what he do. N's gotta fucking rebound bro. Yeah, he has to bro. Yeah and there was, and there was times in that Nick series where he had those games where he was crashing.


The boards really, really good. So we need that. Miles is a great play. Makes our offense totally different. It opens up a lot of space for Tyrese and for everybody else who's getting into the lane. And when he's aggressive then his defense is crazy. Rebound a little bit more. He is always gonna protect and paint but he found something out in that third quarter. Man I hope it just carries the rest of the series. He was really aggressive player. Really Well and I know the game is a little bit outta reach then but his play is definitely pivotal for us to winning. But Halliburton gotta set the tone from the jump bro has to. He can't come out passive. It don't mean he gotta shoot a hundred shots but he gotta be aggressive bro. He do. And then Pa Pascal gotta beat Pascal. I Think Halliburton gonna have a good game tonight Though. I think he is too. But he gotta be aggressive from the show. I do. Yeah I do. Our stars have to be stars going forward. They had a stinker. You cannot afford to just slack off anymore. It's the NBA finals.


Our stars have to be stars. Yeah, for sure. I respect it. Do you think people watch tonight? No. No. I take that. I do. I do because even now bro, people think people want to see this shit bro. People Think this series is over with bro. They still Think you see Jay-Z put up a million that they gonna win in five okc. People think this shit is over with bro. Yeah there's, there's nothing that if I was a casual or I wasn't too interested in the series beforehand that I saw game two and said I can't wait this tap into game three. There's people looking at it like y'all really shouldn't have won game one. Yeah y'all shouldn't. They think it's over bro. But respect, I don't know. I think people gonna tune in tonight bro. I I don't think it's, nobody's gonna watch tonight. I think they'll probably watch when they play next Friday.


Friday. I think that'll be a more of a watch game because it's a party vibe. Like people going all out in the city. Yeah that's true. And people will go out wherever they from and the game is gonna be on and you might be able to catch some people watching the game and they're gonna see some really good basketball. This ain't a Wednesday year but a Wednesday. So Wednesday. Nah, nah. I know the spacing is different. I know why but man a Wednesday and this series are already kind of like, eh, people already decided they didn't wanna watch this before it even happened before the conference final was over. Now look y'all boy Halliburton is saying that he a little tweaked out here. He a little injured man. We Ain't trying to hear that. I don't give a shit. No. He said hurt. We setting the tone here now that's, that's how he plays. Okay. No excuses. No excuses.


He said he heards. Yeah he says He had a limp in the post game. That was three days ago though. I don't wanna hear that shit. I don't wanna hear that shit bro. Lou do is a bowling ball. They'd be hacking him and Caro boy playing rugby out there. Lacrosse. But it's NBA finals no excuses. Go play. Go play And if you have a bad game it don't matter if you had a limp you didn't show up, it's the finals. Alright. I just, You know how y'all like to throw shit in there. I just, man he was hurt. I ain't gonna say that. I ain't, I ain't rolling. Nah, no reservations get out there or who? Yeah because if you get out there and kill you ain't gonna say man I was hurt. You don't gonna say nothing. Nah you ain't gonna say nothing. You say I had a good game. Nah, nah. You gotta say you was hurt but you killed put some sauce on it. Yeah. Be like man and my ankle was just killing. I really wasn't even feeling that good and I was still busting your ass like not even, even that. You gotta get it so your excuse can be a little, You know when you do have a bad game played the long game right?


Yeah. Niggas getting ready for a bad game. Oh it's coming. Excuse the bad game is over the way. But you guys already had em. He got one more in he listen you gotta say game five school, he gonna kill game three. Gonna be like ah man, You know and my ankles just been killing me this whole game. I had 35 and 18. They Can't afford this one. Jay like he can't have a bad game. Three and four Cannot have a bad game Either one. They have another bad game. It's over bro. Can't do it. Yeah, they, I don't think he's a strong team. You have to play Denver. Perfect. I know I was talking shit about OKC just because y'all get me going sometimes. Pauls like y'all make me turn to like evil Jeff sometimes. Like where I gotta talk shit about random shit KC defensive just, it is too much bro.


It's really good. Like they got really good defense bro. It reminds me of those days when I used to play Boston and you like shit man. Or even like when you play Chicago, they was everywhere. They always there. It remind you of that, the difference between this team and those teams. If they score the ball at a crazy rate. Yeah this is more of a Boston team than me, than like any other team like Boston could score the ball. I mean even though they played slower 'cause they had all 'em old dudes but they defense is very similar. Yeah. Even I don't want to hear it. What's the keys for Oklahoma City to come in and steal the game three. We just need Che to have a big game. Y'all ain't doing nothing with S-G-A-S-G-A Gonna be, I think.


I think this gonna be SGA game where you have a tough game. I think Game one was tough. He shot a lot of shots. But I Think you gonna have a tough game here More so him missing than them stopping him though. If he do that we, we Got a good chance. I got the Pacers winning this game. I think it's gonna be a tough game for SG. I said, I said it a while ago too, that y'all was gonna get game three 'cause I didn't even think y'all was going get these first two, one of these first two. But I'll stick to my guns though. And I'm saying a tough game, like a tough game for SGA is good. Still get 30, still getting 30 points but it just gonna shoot a lot more shots. How It come? I see what you Saying. Yeah. It is gonna be a tough game just because the way they play at Games Bridge, bro. Like DJ say it all the time, them sliders go up and this little country town they turn up for the Pacers bro.


They do. This is all we got man. What? Well they go crazy. That environment be crazy. I expect the broadcast to be better tonight. Who on it? Not from the team. No, but I'm talking about from the energy in the arena. Oh I thought you were saying No I I'm not expecting anything from them that's, it's going to be low vibrations as I've seen boy Richard Jefferson can't wait to Tyrus Mr. Shot. That Need Jalen Williams to come in there to not to play good. If Jalen Williams come in there and give y'all 25, he ain't play good. We might blow y'all Out. He do. It's very possible for him to come in there and not play good. He ain't play good this whole series. I mean he been okay. He he kind of do that too. Yeah, he disappeared too man. I don't wanna sound like that fan but realistically what they scored what 120 something last game.


We're capable of doing the same thing and winning the game. We just have to play. Well I mean you can't give up 20 to Caruso. You can't give up 18 to Aren Wiggins. But I don't think that's gonna travel. Yeah I I'm sleeping on 40 from both of them tonight. He not doing that. Nah. S getting 20 and I 18 minutes. Car. Car Wiggins turn up on these niggas. Caruso not getting 20. I don't have time for that shit tonight. That was Carion in Oklahoma. Caruso get 15. No that was Caruso game for this series. And y'all know I'm a big Caruso fan but that was his game. He might get you about six tonight if he's getting 18 consistently then we're gonna lose the series. Hell yeah. Nah he got about, he got a good six in him. My boy check. Damn that was crazy. He got good six points tonight in the game.


18 every night is no way we can win the way he playing defense and get 18 bro. That's cheating bro. He not getting that. I'm Still gonna play good D though. I know he gonna be out there. I can always play Defense. You have good D tonight. That's crazy too. That's What you gonna Have good D tonight. Come on bro. Y'all got y'all old bro. Y'all passed 30 bro. Grow up bro. Say we gotta stop with the pause that, that was kind of crazy. He gonna have six in him tonight with nuts. And I was about to say so, but I, I'll leave it alone Bro. Say that for the poll later. Nah for sure man. I expected a really good game night though. Good energy in the bridge. Okay see it's definitely gonna show up. Patriot should play with some urgency. The last game it kind of came out like they were satisfied with, You know what I'm saying?


Still win. Okay C which is fair but it's for all the marbles man. eBay finals gotta go crazy. You ain't got nothing for Chet either. Che in a dub. Don't Worry man. We gonna show up too. We got something for Chet, you feel me? The bench has won the games for most teams in this series so far. True. The Pacers like we said, our bench, we struggle sometimes but we at the crib, we need all them game sliders going our favor man. Yeah, go crazy tonight for show. Alright, if the Pacers win, what they win by four. I see the Pacers. If they win or tonight it's gonna be like a, yeah, like a 10 point win. Okay. And if OKC wins, is it built to as Oh yeah. Yeah. If OKC win it's gonna be like a eight. Like either way it's gonna be a 10 point game.


It ain't gonna be like a down to the wire type game. Yeah, okay. Yeah, especially with the Pacers man. Like when they get rolling they kind of blow you out. Especially in Game Bridge, they they, they blow you out. So I mean I'm excited for the game of night. It should be the energy and hopefully it's great. I mean the city not really buzzing right now. It's 'cause we a working city so we don't really got that vibe right now. But hopefully about five o'clock. Something to turn up. Most definitely man, we going tap me in tonight. Sure. Be some good bump. Alright. In super chat for a second. Jay Milli three said win the five 20 live roasting sessions. I'm front all y'all, especially my dog. Be here. Fuck with y'all. Shout out to you. That's a good idea. Shout you bro. Mike get wicked though. All right Steve and the super chat says shout out to the pod.


You guys are the new sports center you guys tapped in with Love Island Bay Finals ratings are down because everybody watching that mess. Hey love Island is wild. If you not tapped in, tap in. I ain't tapped in. What happened? What's some, what's going on on there? Yeah it is, it is. It is a reality show bro. But they be on there on some bullshit bro. You would definitely, I I thought we talked about Love Island before. We have. That's the dude Spanish dude seen his girl. No that's different. Oh I swear I thought we talked about that before Island. I ain't never seen that. That's cool. We can move on but yeah, No be here to watch TV shows. We gotta get my boy tapped in. Yeah. Which I Was that I know Love Island Some freaky shit. The preview is crazy. Like what is that? Hey bro, that look like that like some other 9 0 2 1. Oh It's on Peacock so we're safe.


But nah, it's, it get wicked for sure man. Shout to Love Island. What is like a bunch of singles got out on Know Island? Yeah, tweak it. That's cool. All All right man. In the super trade game. Me only me said ah, I don't know what the vibes is. Okay, I saw the NBA expansion video man on the East Tampa Bay. I'm talking about the dream beating the fever. My fault. Tampa Bay needs a team. Louisville could have one in Pittsburgh, St. Louis, Baltimore could all have NBA team. Honorable Mission, Jacksonville, Florida, Pittsburgh, Tampa. Real for real. Those are some dope cities. But the NBA will probably disagree with the majority of those because those cities that don't have teams take away from fan bases that's already in place.


Kind of same with baseball. I feel like Snapchat have NBBT. Yeah Florida already got two NBA teams so Tampa, I mean Tampa's a cool city but no St. Louis. Nah y'all drive y'all teams away. Yeah. Pittsburgh. Nah, Baltimore. Baltimore too dangerous. I'm cool. They go to Baltimore. I gotta Bring Bull. Well for the for the girl. Oh NBAI thought it was for the WNBA. Oh WNBA. Oh them need a team. Yeah Because I was about to say Baltimore, that that's another stud city. They got them ready right now. Shout Out to the wire. They got a strong 10. They just need a chance.


WNBA scores. They just need a chance. They need the Baltimore Raiders WNBA scores moving on the Baltimore Raiders on me, the Raiders. The real Ray Lewis That a game. Alright Man. NW yesterday On the dream took care of the Baltimore wire. Nigga had to be fired. The Baltimore wire. He trying get it. He trying to get on a team set up man. Oh Omar gonna be the mascot That game. Alright man the dream took care of the fever yesterday. 77 58. That's a ass situation.


CCS to the dream may have no problem. The Asha Howard had 15 to 10. Alicia Gray Hooped out 23 and six and Breonna Jones had 21 and 10 dj. I see you getting, getting busy. 21 to 10 real tough man fever. Yeah they need Cece real bad before it get too bad. But the liberty took care of the sky. They remain undefeated yesterday. Belt to ass as well. 85. They having, are they gonna have an undefeated season boy Are they gonna have a perfect season like they went to Yukon again? Nah, they gonna have to see, You know what I'm saying? They gonna have to see the links at some point. Facts. They gonna have to see links at some point. But outside of them they gonna probably lose nobody. Sabrina went crazy. 23 and seven. Breonna Stewart 1875. Angel Reese had a good game yesterday despite them losing with 17 and 11 0 5, 13 from the field held it down.


13. We always highlight, You know what I'm saying? We ain't playing well but we gonna respect when you playing. Well shout to her Great game. We gonna put the highlights and And not only your low lights. Yeah we real ones. We going, we gonna show love when you Q 13 is fire. Yeah, That's what we need to see. She's capable double double for sure. Alright man. Some more games that took place today. Well there's one take place tonight. Excuse me. The sparks in the ACEs Lord Kelsey Plum back. Shit these are 200 achieving teams man. Man they are underachieving the sparks or selling me. Why are the wings so trash? The wings. The wings take on the mercury tonight because they name, they, they just gotta know one pick for a reason and typically it don't turn around that quick. The wings they going through rebrand. Oh okay.


Like Jesus the Wings is crazy. That's a name. It was from the Todd Harris Nap Town Legend. She got a knee injury man prayer up for the game for for Oh man. Damn. Come on Ty. Yeah. But yeah they, they got a lot going on. And lastly we said the links in the storm should be a soft game but You know what I'm saying, NVP is in there so they might get the dub but we will have a recap for show in the Morning back in the super chat. Agent 12 said rather play 2K then watch this series K, senior five. Oh Man. Respect. See that's, that's that shit I'll be on 2K. That's that shit. What's your, what's your gamer tag So I can w Agent 12. Agent 12 game tag. All right man. I give him buckets. I already know I can he, he a dribble dude. I can tell he got one of 'em. Little guards don't even mount six three.


Yeah he got a six three got profile to 2K players to turn up. Yeah. Six three dribble guard. Damn. How big is your guard supposed to be? Six four. Six six. Bare minimum. Your guard, your bill is six four at the guard. Oh yeah, I play with six eight. Oh you don't rock. Oh I thought you still play. I be bad. He sad torture him. Yeah he do. No he do no moves. We used to torture him. He don't do no moves. Matt, was I killing though? Did I torture Jeff with no moves? No, he got good late. No. Oh we was really outside. He was a free bucket. Was like Jeff you wanna play talk to him. We used to streak on him bro. That's like playing, that's like playing a 8-year-old and you 25. I never played, I never played two cats.


Yes. Come out here and let us know. And I told him I said nah, he good. I I I said I kind of like playing this game. Yeah. I'm gonna be better than everybody. They was like no and he got all his, he got, You know I had my special player he didn't work for, we didn't respect what he was doing because he didn't earn, You know they gave me all, Ronnie tapped in. We all had to, You know when you was an All star before they just knew you in the game. They just put you in there, Ronnie him in the park. Yeah, I just come to the park with all my nice clothes on, all badges, all my nice, we started Brown. They got, they got Brown T-shirt, gray Sweat, got nice clothes. Shout out to respected bro. I mean he, he wasn't good but we still used to win. Yeah, I, I was, it wasn't him bro because call an 8-year-old, he called her for real.


That played the game one day. But listen here they talking like they used to win. They never won. We did used to win. Nah, y'all never used to beat us bro. We used to beat y'all. I used like Malcolm score all 21. Nah we beat y'all 'cause we had Ju and then all of a sudden one day about said you gotta shoot like this. I'm like, oh they ain't like the old game. He like, nah you gotta do this. I scored 10 on Buck. Oh after that with confidence through the roof. Now I'm better than all of 'em. Yeah, now I don't play no more. Yeah, I I, I ended his just, I ended his 2K run. I two run. I'm done. Like that's crazy. Score. Imagine. Imagine these dudes, it is not real Buck. They used to be like man he's so sad now they calling me, I can get on your team.


I'd be like oh we got five. No, no he put in real hours on Tuesday. We got five real hours. He got the laugh. What they taking my bills buck like that bill crazy. I'm about to make that bill. I know, I know to out to my little brother. I seen both of y'all posting man y'all was on Twich with it, You know what I'm saying? You going mad. You on the 2K? We live, I'm getting back on the game this year. Yeah he, he can dropped. I'm getting back on any I'm hours sports games. Mooch can, he can't fuck with me on those sports game. I ain't watch Call of Duty hours bro. What you call that when the scream be going too fast for you? He don't want no smoke. Call of Duty. Call of Duty. He green. What you call that? Huh? He lay in the bush bro. The whole game. When you, when it move too fast and you start getting dizzy.


Epilepsy. Yeah it kick in. When I play Call of Duty about good at everything though boy. I try to play that with them. Boy that thing got to moving. Like I said about it's moving too fast. Look it was, we did a, we did a two V, we did a two Chill for I had a pistol. They had real guns. Hold on bro. Tell the truth that pistol was cheating bro. That wasn't no regular pistol. Listen it was me and Mal. He's lying. It was me and I it was for, it was four of them. It's me and Automatic Pistol. It's four of them. It's me and Mal. Mal had 68 kills in their, I have five kills right now.


Like just hide. They go try to chase you. I'm gonna kill him. When they looking for you they sitting in the bush shooting people and every time he right here mouth, every time they run by Bow I'm like they they chasing me about come get him. Hey sad about he ain't ass on the game. Nah, mouth was, mouth was, hey they was ass about. They was so mad. Chuck you sad In a bitch messing with the good can play, play without Mel tap into the five 20 Twitch. Man we going up playing all game. I'm back on. I'm back on Call of Duty and we back, we back, we back. Yeah we back nasty. Alright man, the Bel B man some crazy scores yesterday.


Oh yeah Tiger took care of the Orioles. Five to three. The Reds defeated the Guardians. One zero Marlin's got the victory over the Pirates. Three to two Cubs defeated the Phillies yesterday. Eight to four The Red Sox defeated the rays three to one. Please load the clip. Trevor's story beat the cover off of baseball yesterday man. Mm Lord. When you drop the bat like that, You know you did damage. God damn Bro. That was a 96 mile hour fast ball that he just destroyed. No souvenirs bro. Look at the bat though. That's the swag. That was second to Ken Griffey. Oh damn. Yeah, Whole new respect bro.


You see I dropped the bat. That's crazy. Trevor Story Fling that joined out the stadium yesterday. No souvenirs man. Crazy, crazy, crazy crazy. Man. We got some more highlights coming up to man that was a, that was a bomb but can you imagine that Barry Bonds did that shit like oh God, every day. That's crazy light work bro. Baseball man some hell of shout Out to the juice Man. Yeah I want the, I want the juice back in the game man. No disrespect to the purity of the game. Still was cold bro. Yeah you gotta hit the ball. I care. You gotta hit the ball bro. I don't care. Yeah you gotta hit the ball. But it was better when everybody took steroids. Facts. All the baseball peers hate. That was before Sammy. SOA look like Michael Jackson. He was elite. What was the other, my white boy Mark McGuire.


McGuire. So You know what's crazy Jose Ko, both of them was on the Roys but that was a legendary race that even casual people who don't know shit about baseball still remember run Chase. That's what I'm saying. That was damn near like Magic and Bird bro. Real shit. That's crazy For sure. Man. Shout was like psycho ho. He out on everybody. Yeah. Pull up on you. You though. Lemme chill. The real gun. Yeah he'll pull up on you. Hey the Mets took care of the Nationals man. Five. The four Mets fans asked me to show some respect to them because they going crazy this year. They are respect. Shout out to the Mets man. Mets. Y'all definitely darn my God Braves bro. I'm about to retire. Yeah man the brewers took care of the Braves yesterday. Four. The one Yankees put belt to ass against a royal state. Man. There you go. Yankees. Hey man we got load up to Drake man. Aren judge 469 yards.


I Like y'all dropping clips man. Blast way Judge can't stop. Stop. Nah he got a bar 94 Miles per It's so crazy though. Like when you look at like look at the baseball players now and when we was growing up they small as hell. Oh they are? They look normal now. Yeah. That's why people think they can do it. Yeah because you like oh man this a game Bro. Like Broda hit that last home run. Yeah like I'm like damn was regular. He probably 180. Man what's crazy is when I used to work for the Indians bro. So You know it was the AAA affiliate for the Pirates. So they have their picture come up and down and stuff. Man you might get some of the dudes out there with beard guts. They don't run do nothing. Oh yeah, they had slang across that plate a hundred miles per hour consistently bro.


It is not a joke to look at bro. Yeah I much triple story away. I mean 6 1 9 2 0 9 2 0 9. He my my size. He literally my size. His vision different though. Oh For sure. His vision Different. He not small though. 6 1 2 0 9. Hell no, but I but you gotta go look, when Barry Bonds and was playing they was 6 2 2 45 2 50. Now Aren Judge is an anomaly. Aren Dodge is? Yeah he's, he's a monster. Mark McGuire was, How big was my boy Craig bi for the Astro Shout to Craig bi. That my guy I need to meet you one day bro. Got a legendary story About you. How much was Barry Bonds when? Like when he went on that run?


We don't even have his wing. Yeah that's he came, you just look at him bro. Yeah, 2, 4, 2 sport. Come on bro. See, You know Two if you, a lot of them players, none of them got bigger as far as like Body weight. But he was though Bro. I was gonna say it's all biceps later. They had it's two, two Sebastian. That nigga like my pops, pops look like bro. Pops will never wear that earring Though. Nah, never. He never disrespect his ear bro. That nigga smack his shit. That nigga big as shit. Is that the before and after bro? He look like, bro come on. Damn too hot too. No that's not him. Yeah Huh? The is him. Oh okay.


Nevermind. I already talk real bad. Sorry. That's how, That's why they started putting the allegations on Bad bro. Look at that bro. When he first came in the league, I Think you still this big still running around these places. The same speed. He owns something. He supposed to slow down when you get big. Nah, Barry Bonds wanted the coach to do a league League. Yeah he probably the greatest baseball player. He though He really didn't have to do Roys I heard. Yeah he was, he was already cold. He was already, I heard people talk about him in the light of like Michael Jordan like on me when Chipper Jones said Barry Bonds was the best baseball player I ever seen and Chipper Jones was like that. Oh yeah, chipper Jones, Braves legend. Yeah for sure you remember Babe Ruth though man. Yeah I don't believe Babe Ruth. Babe Ruth is black.


He like Ruth is black. He was bro. I love a.com for Babe Ruth bro. Yeah for sure bro. I don't believe Babe Ruth bro. Look at that nose on him. Yo. That's a nigga. Yeah Bro. Yeah that's a, that's a Nigga. That's a black man bro. Yeah that nigga got that. That's secret baby he got that, he got that Michael Jackson nose before the surge. My mama called out a bell. Pepper nose All got a little seat on this shit. He got that Go Root. Hey ESP could never Rose baby. Like we just For no reason, No reason nigga. I'm talking about nigga. No like my shit ain't big motherfucker. Hank Aren, Hank Aren was a couple. He ain't use no Roys though. Hank Aren was one. No smut, no smut on Hank Aren and Willie Mays.


They was like that Mickey Manley, Mickey Mantle. Damn Barry Bonds being eight on that list is just insane. That say enough. Yeah Bro his stats are insane bro. Nah but shout to Pedro Martinez. We fuck with Ken Griffey Grey. Nah Ken Griffey the call Ken Grey for the people in the hood. Ken Griffey's the number one baseball player ever. Oh he facts talking for like Ai. Yeah he the AI of basketball I mean or baseball facts. That's a good one. Yeah because he, I Like that with his hat back like everybody wanted to be in Ken Griffey. We, we wore his shoes. I ain't never had no Barry Bonds. So Babe Ruth Is Chamber. Yeah, we don't believe it. Yeah we don't believe it. I do, I do too bro.


I do. And my nigga had a fire gambling hand. No. Barry Bond Fire gambling hand. Nah, Barry Bond's not jewelry he call it. That's, that's tough to put the goat in there. We have just more research we put that up there like that. I ain't gonna lie. Barry Bonds baseball Tap in y'all In my, in my mind Barry Bonds was Michael Jordan bro. We gotta get some real baseball heads though. Y'all tap in. But Ken Grippy is my Allen Iverson like he my favorite player. Oh yeah that's everybody. The vibes Randy Johnson. That nigga was the Big, his nickname is crazy. Yeah, Paul's the big unit. Yeah. That's nuts Bro. That's Hard But imagine a six. I didn't know that. They called me the big Hey Paul, they had a hot dog at this.


You know I told you I used to do man verse food challenges. Every city I went to, it's a hot dog in Arizona that was named the Big Eunuch bro. That mother was like two feet long. They used to be, it was named after him bro. The And then his last name being Johnson is crazy. That's a fire nickname y'all Named after me. I'm cold. That is wrong. Alright bro let's get through these scores as well. Ben. A Raven beat the sleeves up. Up What? Skip. Skip. Come on bro. We trying to get us. Yeah that nigga nephews and shit. Watch his mouth. We talking stupid about baseball bro. Shout to Jackie Robinson man. Yeah man He the production team right now I think. I think Jackie probably did what he had to do in his time.


Yeah bro, he probably be cold bro. If he didn't have to fight racism on the way to work. I mean my nigga was getting cussed out bro. Yeah bro, he, I shouldn't even say my nigga, my mans was getting cussed out bro. He was getting called crazy bro. Bro. Mike's coming from racist. Hey y'all run? Yeah what's wrong Ro hill man talking about Babe bro. My man even get a hot plate bro. Ro Adversity bro. Seen the movie. That's my man couldn't even get a hot plate to eat man bro. Bro he's golden bro. You heard that day we had to eat fruit when they ain't had no food. He was on that. He had to do that every day. I would think. Michael True Car if You know no better man look how you Doing Our big daddy, you Michael and boy that boy from the neighborhood aint that some shit Know that is not how that conversation Went up too late fixing hey this how they be doing me.


You see, you see why be getting mad Take, you went from talking about his skillset to now the racism, everything that kicked in. Yes Might been better if a motherfucker white man wasn't throwing kid juices at me. What the fuck Had to deal with so, so much off the field bro. You see how that man got here with that baseball? They was trying to do that every day to him every day, every time with the back. Oh Mike Harris had Mike just great on Instagram. Yes. Put the email out too. Mike Harris Home Y'all fry man let's get through these scores better. Rangers beat the sleeves off the twins yesterday.


16 to four. The Blue Jays in the Cardinals of the high scoring game. Esterday 10 to nine White Sox got a dug best day over the Astros four to two. The Giants defeated the Rocky six to five. No surprise there 'cause You know they ain't trying to win at all anyway. The Angels defeated the athletics to the one another belt to ass situation. The Padres defeated the Dodgers 11 to one. I had highlights for that game but damn near every inning was a highlight so we couldn't even clip it. And last we certainly not least me and my diamond backs took care of the Mariners yesterday. Sure. Belt her ass 10 to three against the Mariners. Alright man, super chat Soah 6 1 9 says hopefully Kyle bless the team with some shoes when he get on a pod. Speaking of shoes, did you get those Triple Bs att Luke from San Diego?


Parlay? I got y'all today baby. Nah, I ain't got some Triple Bs ever. Nah, nah but nah, we work with Kyle man and so we got a good relationship man. We've definitely got some care packages from them before. Hopefully we can get some more. But yeah man we working on that Kyrie episode man. For sure. Alright, be here for, we got outta here man. People trying to wear some bread in this finals game. What you got for him Light day today man? Take Alex Caruso for 10. No TJ McConnell for 10. Aren wigs for 10 no and math for 10. No $10 When you eat $300 bro. 300 light day. Safe bet bro. It's a safe bet. I Like that. Now you just start hop what I'm saying with two Caucasians of PG or the parlay, this is the first time in history we've had to double up like this. Play the late man play the LA put the hot 10 on it.


It's, it is a light tin. It ain't gonna hurt you. Okay, Wiggins will not get 10 tonight. Nah, but I like the bet man. Okay, I like the tens across bro. Yeah, this tens it safe. That's, I mean, it's $10. It ain't gonna hurt nobody.


Come on man. Tap in. You know the vibes man. Use that promo code on DraftKings to your first time user club 5 21 time for Boost Mobile. We appreciate Y $25 unlimited talk text data 5G nationwide. We'll be back same time in the Morning. It's five 20 in the Morning. The volume


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Okay, have you heard about this last year Degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


I know a lot of cops and I get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right Back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes Sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and oh sports. This kind of starts studded a little bit, man. We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. This is an iHeart podcast.