
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Good morning, happy Thursday. It's five 20 in the Morning. Favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Everybody pulled it up this morning. Bishop. Five 20 Moog Teague Fells. Good morning. Y'all doing What's up bro? Bro, what's going on man? I be here. How you feeling man? You know had a conflicted night last night. No I didn't. You know what I mean? My team got the win. We team also got the lost too but fuck it. We on the road to the finals man. Get well soon to the Wolves man. Shout out to them boys man. Shout out to my my OKC thunder. Knocking off the Wolves. Aw man we, we don't want you over here. You hate it. You put smart on us. We play bad basketball, all kind of shit. Stay on your side. I ain never said they played bad basketball.


All I just said we could beat them. Nah, y'all can't though. But we're respect. Probably not. That's how we started to show off. Probably not. Oh, and you got the 49 ERs hat on Too. Yeah man. Okay. I know he on the whole team. He won't be on. Nah, I Who you a coach fan right wall Bro. He Wallo. Who? You Bro. You a Patriots fan bro. You a Patriots fan? Yeah bro. That's why you got that hat on bro. Because it's just a hat I chose today. I got a whip at the cri. I'm, I'm a true 49 ERs fan. I've been a 49 ERs fan since I was little since Joe Mont. I know. I just like the players bro. I ain't the, I'm not a fan of none of these teams bro. I could carry less but You know it's funny.


People really get offended if you wear another team's logo like bro, maybe I just like this shit. Nah, I'm a pacer fan. I don't think these niggas were, I don't even wear hat. What did hashtag say? 1967? He don't even, I've been locked in. Is Mel Daniel? Is Mel Daniels. Man I, I got cussed off for wearing a Lamar Jackson jokes like you a cowboy. That's like damn I can't like Other players bro. Jersey fly. That's all 1967. I've been a pacer. Locked in Chill man. What? What's w On today man? Built a ass situation to go to the finals. OKC dusted the Wolves yesterday won 24 to 94. It was over in the first quarter. Yeah, it ain't even much to talk about from this man. Shout out to the Thunder man.


Going to the NBA finals man. I know we watched a little bit of the game but, oh shit. It's not even much to talk about man. We seen, we seen this from the last game though. Yeah, when you go down three one you go down three one man, it's like if you don't got LeBron, But do you just say forget it though. Like if you, most People will, unless you got LeBron you shouldn't say that. But most people gonna be like bro it's Over bro. So it ain't even about people being tired. It's just a matter. So We can't, we can't Why we down three one bro, we can't come back bro. But You know like when you got LeBron, you remember the guy that told you that beat us that dude when you could come back from three one? Yeah you can do anything. That's it. Yeah. You remember but you remember how Low said LeBron? Yeah You know, You know you right.


You got LeBron, you right. Some things can happen. I mean yeah. You know what I'm saying? Now comeback has happened this way and in favor of OKC before. You know what I'm saying? That three one but that also another generation. What's his name? Steph? Yeah. Oh okay. Yeah, Ardell's on that team. Okay. And he ain't just walking through Minnesota's door. That's what about to happen tonight man. About to, about to reel it back tonight man. You hear what he Just said. LeBron ain't in that locker room bro. And Ell does not play New York. How far off is LeBron and Kat? Whew. Oh my god. Light years. He, oh he's, he's having fun today. Light years. He's bringing the smoke. How far is LeBron and Jay? Bru? Oh God. Yeah. Disrespectful. You can combine both them together and still have a little ways to go.


For real. For sure. You still wouldn't have LeBron. Dang you combine them together, you still wouldn't have LeBron. I I definitely didn't think they was gonna beat them like this though bro. I did bro. For Real bro. That first quarter bro. When it was 25 to seven bro. Yeah that's nasty. Nine points bro. The T Wolves is a they play well I told you when we series first started they play well against old teams. Yeah. Slow teams. Yeah. I was like they met, they match, they got a young team just like them that play harder and faster than them like they met they match. Yep. Nah. And they just was like the talent, they got a talented team, thet Wolves, but they really don't. They got Anthony Edwards is really good.


Jay McDaniels is great. He is a good player. He's not like a superstar, not an all star but he is a really good player. And then the rest of the guys are just role players. Like your starting center role player. Nas Reed's a good player, role player and MCAD started center for Crazy yo $200 million Center is a role player and he's not, he's not effective at all really. Julius Randall start being back to his old ways. So and Julius Randall is a good player but he's not a superstar. Like he's not a all NBA every year. He was playing playing like it for a little bit. Yeah but I'm saying You know, he had have spurts where he liked that but he went back to his old ways.


Yeah. End of the season early play out. Julius Randall was hooping came back from the day they got the ball rolling for them for sure. But yeah, spooky the series. Yeah. Another superstar, just somebody else. Yeah. But Mike Conley, You know as much as we love Mike, he in his 18th year, he is the ultimate role player. Mikki Alexander Walker role player. Yeah. They have to find somebody who has star written on them or star potential. Which I think they can to Rob Dylan. Him. I think he could be dynamic. Yeah. If they ever playing. I think he has that potential. But like the thing about the Thunder, they have that Chet has all star potential. Yeah. Jalen Williams already all star, all NBA player. S-G-A-M-V-P. They had to build them to that but they did it in that right now they're flourishing and and them don't have that.


Yeah for sure. They they they gonna need another superstar too just so teams can't guard them how OKC was guarding him. They took AE out the game and they was done. They need a dynamic player though. And I'm like, I keep saying Rob Dillingham 'cause he own their team but You know he can create for himself, get a bucket, he can do some shit like they had nobody else that can create. Yeah like Nik Alexander Walker is a catch and shoot player. He can drive the, You know, drive the clubs and get a lay up is too Dante shooter. You need somebody that can put it on the ground a little a dynamic player. They just don't got that. And Julius Randall supposed to be dynamic but I told you he just a bully, bully ball and he ain't really dynamic like that. It Seem like he was on that this series though.


Hmm. Didn't seem like he was on that bully ball this series. He wasn't on nothing. He wasn't on nothing. I mean he tried it with Lou do he seen he couldn't and it was over. It's over. That's all I got bro. Couldn't bully Ja. Jalen Williams. Yeah he's had two single digit games. This series that ain't gonna cut it. The other ones he scored 20 but man 28 and 6 24 and five. They need a little bit more consistency of that to get past this C team. Yeah. He's just not dynamic enough. And that's my like that was just I my only problem with them. But that's my same problem with New York. Mm. They got quality players but if you look at 'em, they role players Mikel Bridges at one point in time was a a go-to player. Yeah But he don't get that same look but he not dynamic enough with the basketball to make Jalen Brunson slide over to the two a little bit like hey you gonna catch and shoot tonight?


Yeah You gonna have to get some open catching shoots. They don't have nobody on the team that's dynamic enough to just do that. And that's one thing the Pacers do even though TJ Nash. Yeah he not the most appealing person like oh my god when I think about a bucket. But he can create most definitely. Yeah. You know what I mean? He is a creator out there. He he pushed that tempo. Yeah he a creator, he bucket for sure. And he's the type of point guard. If you give him anybody who can roll off a screen, he will be a problem for next. Yeah. Creator. He's definitely a creator. Nobody else like that is really a creator. Yeah. So it's kind of like that's what make Indiana still go with Tyrese was even out. He still, You know he have a game. He got 20 and 10 fast and you don't really see that with Minnesota.


I wanted to ask y'all this question. Obviously big off season for them, You know do this random probably he's gonna opt in but more money he's played well this season. Especially in the postseason. Nah Reed looking to get more bread. You talking about getting that next dynamic piece. Where should it come from? What position you think it should be? I mean you got Rob dealing him in the wings, you go get another guard or do you need to get another wing to play us? I a even though he got Jay McDon, they got They gave or bro just need somebody else to me. Okay. You said it don't even matter just as long as one of 'em somebody else. I think they got it in house man. Okay. I think they gotta let Rob play. They do. They got at least C bro. They got C, he got the talent to do it bro. They gotta give him a chance. I like him and Terrance Shannon Jr being I like young too.


They young guns next year. That could be a bench help right there too. They gotta give 'em Chance Younger or Energy. I like that bro. They gotta give 'em a chance and they gotta change the way they play a little bit even though they push the pace, they gotta push it like the Pacers. Yeah like y'all gotta be up like you see that be doing and I think they gonna have to get off. I like Rudy Gobert but they gonna have to get off. Rudy go damn ain't nobody gonna sign him. I mean take that contract. Maybe the Lakers shit. Yeah somebody might though the Lakers would somebody take But you need something for that. Like He just don't fit with they got going on right now. Yeah Why but you, you gotta fulfill that role Bro. And I shouldn't say that some way form or fashion because they made it to the Western conference finals but seeing them play OKC make you be like all right this ain't gonna work though.


Like bro we got Caruso switching on to Rudy can't get over the hump. This ain't gonna work. Caruso was switching on But that's a, that's a big, that's a big loss. Yeah he got a pocket for the Caruso Shit. Alex Caruso really being the big killer. It's crazy 'cause I mean he was switching on yo so yeah I'm gonna respect his post game skills right now. Yeah I you right. But that's nasty Rudy co It was not, it wasn't. He I Know how I feel about it. He can go to the mad ends for all I said. I'm just saying it is hard to fulfill that role that he like, he actually do be locking shit up in the pan during the station. Yeah, he hold it down bro. Seven 10. So we gotta fill that in with something. He did have 27 to 24 against Lakers and eliminate, which is hilarious. You know what I mean? Hey Jeff, if, if the Knicks had Tys Jones you think that'll help a lot?


Give him that little extra push off the bench and then take, he could put Brunson to the side a little bit. I'm gonna tell you this. No Ty Jones. I Think you do a type of Ty Jones and Tips. Oh nah they did that. They did that act before. Oh yeah. Yeah but Tys, I get what you're saying 'cause he can play, he can make plays, he can do that but I think they need like it sound crazy. I get what you going with Tys Jones? I get that they need like CP might be a little too old. Yeah he's too old bro. But they need somebody like that that'll like demand it like Tys Jones will get out there. He can do it but he ain't gonna demand it. They need somebody who kind of demanding like they need like Jordan Clarkson or like somebody who can still play the point can score but kind of demanding.


I don't know. I can't think of nobody who's kind of demanding of the ball like or that would command that respect. Yeah like I need, I we need to get him to rock to be special because CP would be, I mean obviously that'd be perfect if he was younger. Yeah Because he gonna be like Hey y'all tripping, hold on. Yeah go here Jalen come off of here, do this. Yeah OKC Chris Paul be perfect Man. Like it would be dynamic for them but I can't think of nobody that could even be like that. Like even like Dennis Shroder would be good for them. Yeah I could see that. You know what I mean? But even though he probably gonna stay in Detroit 'cause he was great for Detroit. Yeah but he would be good for the Knicks. Like they need somebody like that when they get on the court. He going he kind of demand the ball a little bit.


Nah he do. He do like he push he don't care. Nah he can run the team. Yeah he gonna shoot, he can run the team man. He'll push K to the side a little bit but they need somebody else that can create Man, I couldn't imagine a bigger villain than Chris Paul in New York. Mm. Where they put Chris Paul in Nickey uniform. I wish CP was like five years younger man. He'd be perfect. Okay. See Chris Paul in that situation with Jay Jim into immediate title contender for sure. Yeah bro. Alright man let's slot to the super chat for a second Lake show. 1996 says Atman Batman, Superman, OKC and five Lakers Nation. Welcome to T Woods their fans and a and Jordan, US and Cancun Dale. I like that type of hate my team out. Fuck everybody else. Lonnie and Super Jet said be here got the night Spitted on Super Bowl on the way.


Don't bet your money on. Nah not this year bro. We, we down bad man. Y'all just paid Brock party though. Yeah we that's why we down bad get well soon came up and the super jet said knew Jeff to reassess that FIPSE Hawks KC nobody guard shade and Jelly Williams is killing all star pound Milat love the podcast though. Okay see you five. You know, You know what's man, everybody a prisoner to the moment. I heard somebody say that on here before everybody You know it's the hottest shit out. Let me guess KC better than Boston last year. No I I mean that's what, that's basically that's the best people saying it's the best team they ever seen all that shit. I Have seen people say that. You know what I mean? It is their defenses everything.


I saw that You a prisoner to the moment. That's crazy. Their defense, other team That's crazy. Their defense is the best defense I ever seen. All right so they better than Boston last year. No. Yeah bro. Until we saw that Ingles was dang near dead this year bro. Everybody thought the boss one was about to to add to the final, You know You know how it go man was real back to back. Yeah it was dude that probably wrote this bro. You probably was nine when we was playing 2015 so you wasn't locked in. Yeah he probably ain't know you still, you ain't know. It's all good. Shout to Kdo. Let me, alright so is this OKC team since we here is this OKC team better than bro and them bro and them Cleveland? Yeah. Hell, hell no. Oh okay. Hell no. I'm just asking questions.


We got bro, bro and Kyrie No just asking some questions. They're not the best OKC team and Kevin Love. Yeah they not better than Russ. Kd James Carter James. Oh damn. Nah they not better than them. They're not better than us. They're not better than not the best OKC chip chip or not. They not better, they not better than the OKC team that lost the golden Stage. I, this is just the only thing I say like with this and I mean maybe KC don't feel this way but bro if I win bro I get it. I am. No if they win for Sure the pinnacle of this shit bro. I get It. You can like I get it. Y'all gotta, y'all give real basketball analysis on shit and niggas do be tweaking. They are prisoners in the moment. Yeah but I think people just like They prison they, if I win the chip I can say I'm the best team.


Like Shaa is the best. He he, You can say that but Realistically none of unique is better than me bro. You gotta show Me. Is is this team better than my, my, my Championship Milwaukee team? Yeah. You crazy as hell. Oh nah. Hey G. Honest bro. Man no we, we dope no Holiday Giannis Christmas. No we, we, we, we go. I do bro. My mama Are you going, you going with C team be here. I'm going. Ok C. Who? See they could beat that. Oh God I'm OK CS in October. Baby name another team. I just don't shoot For it. They They good though but hell Nah. Oh these niggas are 16 bro. About to win the NBA championship bro. That's, that should tell you a lot. Hostile musical. That should tell you a lot about the NBA and the state at the time bro.


It's The same Vincent St. Barry bro. They about to win the chip bro. Bro that should tell you about the league. So you Think they was better than bro and Kyrie bro This year you can't stop putting teams against you But they want a chip though. Let me live in my moment. But they was the championship Team too. He said I'm living in the moment. He don't care about nobody else's history. Alright man the sleeper, the super chase said Jeff what's one move all ball handlers should have at all levels as a sl guard men's league on the way. Shit, everybody should probably have a Shit Jalen Bronson. Nah, between the legs hesitation move or something. I don't know everybody. You sad bro.


I don't know. That's His move that we did in our crib. Yeah you He call, he called him sad lower guard. I got Gabe, I got game. Just help me out bro. He's an advanced tutorial. You asked me for moves bro. You sad bro. That's crazy. Back you because you over back is crazy. I could see if you was a young man and you was like 20, You know 18 like what can I do See if you was teeing bro. Yeah You know he coach should I have? Yeah 35. He sad bro. He finna play us In the team. Yeah You sad bro. Jeff y help kids. Yeah I Help because he said he wanted to slower guard 2000 bro if you, if you ain That's why that training shit then man a horrible example.


Aint nobody training on 30-year-old. You sad bro. You sad. Come on. What doing that's like when Michael Kyle went to Jordan camp. You sad bro. I I can't give you no hill. You 30 bro. You sad? That's nasty. Alright man. Aren will said Gerald was looking like Andrew with all due respect he has no moves. That was definitely disrespectful talk. Somebody said all due respect is no me dis disrespect. Yeah. Oh man he give Wilson to JR. Alright Alexander Gray says they better did the 2050 Hawks and to my girl can't guard SGA nigga nobody can guard SGA. Y'all missing the whole point. He's getting 30 on everybody. He never Said they guarding when it come to winning. I never say he stop the Superstars bro. Yeah bro that's we're not dumb that's the problem. Yeah like we're not going double, we are not going to do stupid shit.


We gonna make Lou dork, he went four for 10, he gonna have to go five for 25 against us. He's gonna shoot every shot. Damn. This is how I know we did that to Kevin Love and Kevin Love is a 10 times better shooter than Lou Dork. Kevin Love was a supreme shooter and we said fuck it, we gonna double Brian, we gonna make Kevin Love hit 10 threes. That sound crazy too. Yeah, yeah that's how good LeBron was and Kevin Love that nigga end up hitting like seven threes. That what I'm saying Crazy. We like fuck it Ari. Next game Cheddar fry Ched fry at seven three. We like damn fuck it. JR Smith Jr said threes we like God but y'all live with that though but Lord we just gotta take it 'cause Paul like You know they all made they shots.


Yeah because You know who who you can't stop. Yeah. You know what LeBron gonna do. Yeah but we I would live with Lou Dork for sure. No shade. We need them real breakdowns though. Nah for sure. Alright, one more time with Super Chat Local said Jeff what pizza advice you always shared with rookies that you play with also shout to DJ B here and go podcast untouchable shout I used to share with rookies man always be the first one in the gym and be the last one to leave. Never be late to anything and be excited every single day. You can never have a bad day as rookie. You can't never come in the gym and be like fuck man we here it. You always gotta have great energy And I tell all young players that anytime you step in the gym your energy gotta be at a high level.


I don't give a fuck if you regret and recruited by the best colleges in the world. Anytime you step in the gym your energy gotta be high. 'cause that's what people look at. If you got good vibes and good energy, they automatically are drawn to you. If you walk around with your hood up and your head down and I'm untouchable, nobody say a word to me or you just look like you got an attitude. People just don't wanna be around that like who he think he is. Like he think he the one like don't You know I coached they start running him off on you. Like imagine if you went to Arkansas and you walk around like that. Who who you Think you are. You know I coach Anthony Davis, John Wall, Marcus TI can run 'em off. Yeah I hadn't seen this before and kids don't realize that.


We all seen y'all before. Somebody's been you before. Like I tell kids at our school, you're never gonna be greater than Marcus. Everything you wanna do. Marcus did it. Yeah. McDonald's, USA Jordan game Top five. I seen it before and he lived in the house with me so you don't impress me. True. Do You know what I mean? So it's like you can have energy bro. So Guy how you, how you hold on, how you give this Rico ha speech to the rookie But my 30-year-old bull as alo guard asked for one move. 'cause he told me the kids Shit here, his life is over. His basketball, his basketball life is done.


Life is, He just gave this amazing speech. My boy asked for one move. I told Him to go see his dad. His life, his basketball life is done. If you ain't already got that movie bro. Yeah your life is done. You 30 to get the head 30. Crazy done. It was Mike nigga Mike trying Mike Burner. It was Mike Burner account. He do got a one-on-one game tonight. It was Mike. Oh. Nasty Mike at the five in trying to figure out how to beat out. That's crazy. And in fact you only think we were $5 for question As the employee here is crazier. I'm taking Mike, I got you.


Step back to the left y'all. That's R But listen man, the timber w they went out a little bit sad but had a hell of a season. You know what I'm saying? Off season made a big trade after being back here back to back Western conference finals. Regardless of the roster. I know a lot of people put a lot of smart on a's name right now, but realistically man, what's the next step for them next year? They gotta retool the roster. Yeah, they just told the shit like you said they wanna let Rob let Rob Rob. They gotta, they gotta let 'em play man. I don't see why not though. I love Mike but like Mike, Mike probably won't rob the play. Yeah Mike probably Mike Mike's still a quality player but he He done.


Yeah he probably like, man it's your time bro. Yeah, well Mike 37. Yeah. Been a long time bro. That sounds fine. As 18 years had a great career bro. Like what? He average eight? Yeah, like eight ain't at your starting point guard right now in this generation. Yeah. Eight ain't eight ain't gonna get it. Yeah you can go off the bench if it's eight. Yeah, eight ain't gonna get it. That's the start. I could get the eight off the bench for sure. Oh yeah, for sure he can do that again next year. But that ain't, that can't be the starting guard. Not now. Mm. That's understandable. Now with Rob, do y'all think he about to go kill the summer league? Is that the like the trajectory? What does Rob have to do to be like all right I'm ready for this role and they definitely see him at a row. Need to set the tone in the summer league.


Okay. Kill the summer league. I mean that don't really matter. Summer league don't matter but I'm just saying it'll get him off to a good start. He get get stronger and then he just gotta be like demanding bro. He gotta come in. You can't be denied bro. Yeah. Like I remember having that same type of moment where you gonna get to play as a Ricky your second year. He gonna have some up and down moments but he just gotta show flashes of like yeah like okay. Yeah but they gotta give him a chance though. He got a guard that that'd be a lot of his problem. Why they don't wanna play him? 'cause he, he's small, he don't guard good. He just got yeah got a guard. He gotta take that TJ McConnell role. I'll tell anybody to come in the league, a young player, whatever. He's small but go be feisty like him.


Pick up full court. Yeah. Just be annoying defensively if you can be annoying people will start overlooking shit. You get a couple steals in the back court, make a person turn it over, get a charge some shit. They look, they look past some shit like yeah just nobody feisty bro. Nobody really notice that TJ be getting cooked. Yeah 'cause it look like he out there going through a wall. Yeah but like if you really go see when TJ get like man to man and half court niggas be Jalen Brunson be bumped, he's too little But yo full court press the whole entire time. Get the free the line every be like, all right bucket Tommy, I see you there. But it is easy bucket. But to what he's saying, it looked good. Yeah. Picking up fool facts, playing all as hell.


Might he had knock the ball away from you a couple times? Yeah. Get hype. You look good bro. Like you said, the energy is there bro. That's matters the most. That's you trying, that's all you need. Yeah, for sure. But man hell of a season for the Timber Wars. We'll talk about what they can do a little bit later in the show.


This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the DraftKings sports book and official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that code Club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's Code Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes. But there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser The Revolution, but not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser told Them from Lava for Good and the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This Is kind of star stud a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug fans. Benny the Butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Cara Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early in ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. Would others dismiss as niche we embrace as core? It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasters.


You know what I'm saying? Let's get to it. The real game tonight. Game five. Yes. Yeah. Starting to pop Champagne and Master Square Garden Pacers versus Nixon. And I think everybody's predictions should be here. They used to holding on Dale Beck. Yeah, I mean this coming back to Indie Guy, You know what I mean? Another, another after the game show, You know what I'm saying? Brought to you by five 20 at night. I got my indie hat on. You know what I'm here for. It makes you going for Knicks. I told you I took reverse. I took my, I took my reverse psychology out. Oh man it worked for y'all. The last game I wore a Knick's hat to the game and I was like I'm done with it. I'm on the, I'm on the pacer bandwagon.


I was tired of people sending me death threats. People that you see in culture. Oh you old. What's up boy? This shit gets cool here tonight. Like they just called me out yesterday. Its cool. That's how people are though for sure. Y'all think the page is gonna blow 'em out tonight though? I don't know if it's a blow blow out. I'm gonna tell you right now if it is, I would love it. I would love like have last night I would love a about to have. It's a blow out. I'm we gonna come here I a fool. The only thing is they at the garden, the only thing they at the garden. So it's gonna be a good game. I can see the Knicks winning. I can just 'cause it's at the garden but I know it's serious over though.


But if it come back to Gaines Bridge they gonna blow. They gonna beat them by 40. That's when it's gonna be a blow up. Yeah. Oh YI got my boys messed up man. Nah Bro. Either way Pacer's going to the finals man. Mix tape. Yeah Bro. The T-shirt's already printed bro. They're not going to Africa bro. Yeah, Pacer's KC baby. The fact that they sent all them t-shirts to Africa is fucked up. They probably got some fire mech bro that nobody has ever seen bro. You see, you be seeing them like they randomly pop up like hats that they had printed already. Yeah, they'd be like 2024 champion of Dallas Mavericks and they be having to like send them away like for real bro. I done seen it a couple times. That's Crazy bro. I need some of that verse tap in. You got the irregular, There's so many other countries and cities and shit.


Why y'all showing Africa bro? That's racist bro. Yeah, I mean you're right. Why y'all ain't said to Germany man? Well coming To racist so that shit the Bagdad bro keep showing my people on the screen wearing these stupid ass t-shirts. They probably, that motherfucker like this Have y ever seen before internet. I can imagine. That be crazy when y'all birthday come. I had, I had a gift for one of y'all. You know the little dudes that be sending the Happy birthday be this. I was gonna get one y'all that and I was like I'm out pocket. Yeah that's out of pocket. That's the same thing you said. Would you let somebody sing to you, sing Happy Birthday to your Bro. Man niggas is kids man.


They kids bro. They bro Send that shit to Bagman. For real bro. Blow that shit up. That is, he can't say that bro. Bad words to say with that country. Oh let's go see the super Chat. Bob is over now. That's what they do over there. Andre made the whole song about it. Mm Mm That was different times. The sleeper said damn that's crazy. I'm 21 so I guess I missed a mark by here. You trying to play me like a old head. I can't get no go to move. I just need handle. Yeah the sleep you side, you asking to me questions. You 21 ain't got no back here. You 21 bro. You supposed to be in college, you still ain't got no moves.


He, he tried on the man league with us bro. You supposed to be hoop just reclass bro. He did. He try to get that and I he he a freshman in college. That's crazy. Nah, let me stop bro. Greg just, just work on your game man. Go to YouTube, type in Kyrie Irving get a bag man. Easy money Uncle Todd said be here better than Rudy. Give him a 10 day next year man. Goodwill song Rudy. Yeah For sure. Alright. If you gotta get him in his soul jersey bro. That be here Rock out with the timber Ws next year. Yeah he can have his zero. Dante ain't do nothing with it. Damn. Nah, shout out to my Dante. I just, I'm just messing with he always be talking shit. I Know he furious this morning though. Oh. Dante Is really mad.


You think so Nigga He is on vacation. He is. ID I'm gonna call him. I'm gonna call him later. I ain gonna buy that shit over with bro. Man he gonna be like man wizards, they ain't gimme ball enough. Alright. Why can you bet on anything now? Oh they betting on what j did you see the same bitch bet on Andre's Mr. Shots or betting on Kat? They bet on him doing something Zest and game. How you just devoicing post game interviews. How do you bet that bro they they wild it bro. They making that is not on DraftKings. They making, there's no cat zesty parlay under these circumstances. If it is, I'm tapping in they, they had a bet that somebody was gonna cry one time when they I think Luca, he was gonna cry. Wow. Oh yeah when he got that tribute they hit bro. Yeah, he got that tribute dude win a hundred thousand.


Yeah, could bet on Anything. Oh well that's real then. Okay, that's But how do you determine what's a zesty move? Whoa, that was the president of that club. Tell me what's, what's the term that Kat Dozey but what's, what's Man, why am I the president? I said who? The president. You said my name you, You told me who was gonna be at the WBA game. So I was figuring out that you probably would under like Oh. Oh Man. I don't know man. I Don't know. Like if you was to bet, 'cause You know you got the crash out parlay. If that was on a crash out, what would you, what would be considered a dusty? Oh Catino always said relax. Okay. Shout to Catino. He see the future.


Shout to the og. I ain't doing that Y today. Okay. I've been going Viral Alright. In the rare case cooking with Kai. That got me in trouble too. That got me in trouble too. Ah. That's a dangerous song to sing in your house. Be careful. Had is every boyfriend a dump or didn't He? Yeah he left her bro. That's crazy. He'll be Back. They crashed out Par Light. He got lit. Oh his Twitch and said yeah did my job. You're outta here. Dropped the Dream University fucking them homes one weekend at a time. In the rare case that the Knicks do win tonight. What they gotta do to get the dub? I see Kad as questionable tonight. Ah yeah they lost.


That's What I saw that said People questionable. Yeah they he play Bro. He has to bro that damn knee when he fell knees. That nigga is sad bro. How you just that uncoordinated bro? It's crazy. He do a lot of like flare like flop, flaring and flop. Yeah. Them to hurt himself every time. Say he better play or they are gonna get blew up. Yeah if he don't play it is smoke. I think Jaylen Brunson going to d her go for 50 tonight. I could see that. That's the only way they gonna win tonight. Jaylen Bruns have to have one of them Epic games. 44, 45, 50 point game. Yeah. Just do don't pass, just kill. Get 50 50 don't pass. I like I Oj OJ gotta go crazy. I OJ Oog gotta go crazy too.


Yeah, he can get to. Okay then we gonna beat y'all 90 to one 20 because ain't nobody else gonna shoot the ball. I I for real bro. I really don't see y'all blowing him, blowing him out in the garden. We don't gotta blow him out. We just gotta win. I don't Think you gonna win tonight bro. One Point I I don't see him blowing him out either, but I don't see a blow out. The cat don't play though. I see a blowout bro. I ain't gonna lie. I just think this series is over but Cats, it's, it's just a matter of time at this point. Okay. But if we got out here and whoop they ass, we really, we really send a message if we blow 'em out. Okay well let's look, let's look past this game then. Yeah. What y'all gonna do with the Thunder? You know what I'm saying? I wanna hear from a Pacer fan. Yes sir. Who's locked in? Yes sir. What are y'all gonna do to win Game one against the Thunder? What are we gonna do to do Game one? I think to win game one in OKCI think that our bench has to play really, really good.


I think that we have two players that has not really given us consistency this entire postseason. And I think this is they time to Sean, we need Andrew M. Hart to really be the Andrew Newhart we seen last year and we need Benedict Mather to give us two of those games like he gave us in game four. If we can get two of those games off the bench for him being aggressive like that because then we can match that energy. 'cause they gotta, they gotta bench too and I think if we match they bench then we can win. But if we don't and we get caught up in that Alex Caruso, Cason Wallace, Tyre Isaiah Joe, they gonna get us outta here 'cause they just as deep as we are. But our bench gotta match their energy. We got the capable players but it's time for 'em to show up. It should be a goodie but like, like Behan said, New York still got a chance so I ain't gonna write 'em off like that.


But can't write it's all good. No y'all have to. I will side sell delivery give them the fuck We can't write 'em off but I think it's, y'all gonna be sick if this if they win too back to back. This shit go get spooked. They more than capable. They more than capable. I don't see it but Cash shoot that shit in your knee tonight brother. That's why the patient should have swept they ass bro. It should ain't gotta worry About all it. We as being gentlemen, You know what I'm saying? We try to build our hopes up to the find people in New York City. But Lord we just gonna break your heart at home. Don't worry about it. Respect. Respect. We going there and act fool tonight boy. It's up. Yeah. Wait, so the NBA is just thirsty for the final. Let's go ahead and get it out the way. Stick this over with. We waiting. Let's get started. Nah, they don't start till, they don't start till June 5th anyway. Yeah but you saw they sit in fucking Scott Foster game three.


Yeah bro. Yeah they would did it whatever they could. I ain't gonna lie to the Knicks might win tonight 'cause they need more game. Like the timber was so bad they couldn't even cheat for 'em but they was getting smacked. They like bro y'all can't hear the shot. They literally could not hear the shot. Yeah. They like point, they like bro we can't even, we can't put the fix in. So it is like Yeah I'm, I'm Betting like if it's a close game, New York gonna win some foul calls. Gonna get spooky 'cause they need more games just for the TV deal. We need a, we Need around eight. Eight to 10. Yeah. If it come down to the end they they going to Is New York gonna get a foul call? And I hate that we had to carry, You know what I'm saying? The entire conference finals. 'cause the weapons conference is, man It was just terrible. Poo water, basketball, Broce two ass games.


You have not wanted to watch any of these games. We just watch a Team. I watched my teams nine points Bro. Yeah, that that finals was trash. That was bad. That was bad. Yeah, that's the JV first one And it's all, You know why this finals was bad the Western Conference final because they traded Luca to the Lakers. Literally. Yeah. I ain't mad at that tape. It messed up everything in the Western conference. Yeah. Damn. I ain't mad at that tape. I just think we all thought the Lakers Yeah. Was gonna play the Celtics. We did. Yeah. Well that right. We all said that bro. Why? We literally all said the Lakers of our Celtics bro. Like niggas had their respective teams. Of course, but I ain't Gonna lie, that would've been a crazy final stuff Just off the history.


The world wanted to see that the NBA would've been proud of that. The Raiders would've been oh My Lord. The NBA would've been ecstatic. How disappointed is the NBA right now that it's gonna be place for Oklahoma. They're hot but the NBA is furious. They're pissed. They like Yeah it's good in a way 'cause it's promoting small markets and like now you got another star and SGA has been born and Tyrese Halliburton's been born. But as far as the global of the game, this is Yeah like people in other countries only know Celtics. Lakers. Nicks, Nicks. They really wish to make Chicago. Yeah they like, I mean it. It is good. It is good. Like you said, it's good for the small markets though bro. We can take one on the chin.


Yeah, I could have a different script next year. Yeah and as long as it's good basketball I think it's gonna help a little bit more. Nah, if it gets to being blowouts or Yeah, bad ball, it's gonna look terrible. Yeah it cannot, it can't be one blowout. Nah nah. Every game gotta be. Yeah. If it's a blowout, people gonna stop watching it. Like if OKC blow the Pacers out game one, it's over. Nobody gonna watch no more. All they beat these nigga about 20, it's over game. One has to be real ball, it has to be epic game. Gotta go down to the wire. Somebody gotta hit a last second bucket or You know, minute to go Target Halliburton did something special. Yeah. That's the only thing that's gonna save this whole championship thing. And for us though, both teams play up and down so at least at the worst case scenario, some exciting gonna happen.


At least we could be walked in and it was a lot of points. Yeah and Elite ain't gonna be safe against both them teams. They get too many possessions. So yeah, I think worst case scenario would be good basketball. But in the super chat, seven of em Anime says who gets the conference Final MVP. Pascal Tyrese or Knee Smith. That is a hell of a question. It's gonna be Tyrese. It's gonna be Tyrese. Hell Have to Tyrese Come. They gotta build the Star up. Yeah they gotta make it something. Yeah, Pascal is called but he Not the star. He not bro. Re is the star Bro. Pascal might be the best number two in the league bro. I don't think he the number two. I'm not saying he the number two. I'm just saying not number the star. If you saying he number two, he ain't the best number two. He up there bro. He up there. Nah you got Jalen Williams number number two.


You got Jalen Brown in number two. You got Kat the number two. Kat you love Kat. I love Kat bro. You said Kat better and Joker He Is. You got LeBron the number two. LeBron is number two. That That's Luca. I don't know that. They not real number twos though bro. They stars bro. They are number two. Pascal's not really like a, he's really like a Jalen Williams type of player bro. He's not no LeBron or no ad or no Kyrie. He not that I'm Saying who shout to jw say Legit number two. LeBron is a number two because he got a cold nigga on the 10. LeBron Or legit number two. No. Yes he'll be a star on another team. I feel like anywhere passed Out though. He is Star. I Think you saying Be he'll be a number two.


He's saying he'll never beat his number one guy. No I really don't think Pascal would would be the number one guy anywhere bro. Mm. He was fired number two with Kauai. That's what I'm saying. I mean y'all naming Doug. I mean the goats for sure. I feel what you're saying. I think he's like the Best one two player. He probably, you think JW would never be another number one? I can't see him. Who y'all Picking over him Healthy? I like Both Pascal. I like Pascal for jw. Mm Yeah I'm taking the Champion. Let me pass Cal bro. Respect. That's all I want to say. I got him for Sure. That one question, I don't know if I read that but Mx Mo said I need to sign T 44 Jersey but freaky Mike signature on it. Only what type of that's nasty Freak Freaky Mike Why you on his name ain't on my jersey?


That's just weird. He, he about put that in a movie. Oh he wanna to put it in a movie. Oh the one you used to film. Oh I don't know what mouth on with these. Oh my nigga brings you Mike Silk Press back in the day. These Super, there's A word that we can't use anymore but big bad booty daddy. I'm not reading that shit man. What? Give that nigga his money back. I'm tired. I was supposed to use N word but you are yuck bro. What question is crazy? The homie Police is Cat biggest super fan. The homie that Take that question off man.


That's a wild answer. I just want y'all to know there's a lot of super chats in here and Mouth is That's crazy. Is Pocket, that's Gimme a different chat for that one man. He was, I need another, I need a different, I need a different, I need a different way. Hey that's next level. Hilarious bro. Alright man, let's move on man. I got a question for you guys though. This is about college. What's up? Did did NIL save college? No it heard it bro. No. Did it it? I don't know bro. Nah, it go both ways. The reason I say it saved because some boys is going back to school. Yeah. Now you getting talented players who usually leave for the draft are going back to school.


I went from Auburn bro. He went back to school. We talked about a little night. Yeah we talking about Flynn bro. He going back, he getting a check bro. It ain't, you ain't thirsty for the league bro. If I can go get 3 million and I'm about to be a 17th pick, I'll probably go get this three 4 million. Try to go lottery next year. Mo, what did you have done National championship to ask you to come back or go into the league with NIL? What you doing? I'm going back bro. I'm gonna make more money where I got picked. I'm gonna make more money in college bro. I'm go back. I'm try to go lottery bro. Facts. You a different player though bro. I don't know. I don't know man. I don't know Bro. They give you 3 million. You gotta, you gotta get that though Man. You going to get there bro. Man, you only hoop it for what, four months?


Because I was five months saying about Todd Tad Thad, whatever his name is. Pet ta pet To hide. To hide Like at the hottest. You a killer bro. You went to the combine, did your thing. To me it's a big risk going back to college. Risk injury, bro. Yeah, That's part of it. It is a risk. The risk. Or he could play, he can come back. He got higher expectations now. He gonna be, yeah, Jim said he could be a top five. I'll Talk to, he gonna be a starter this year so they gonna expect him to come in kill and they still gotta win. If he come in and lose and putting up to, he's still gonna drop. So it is a risk. But nigga who the, the risk is though, if you stay in the draft and you the 29th pick.


Yeah. Or you the 30th pick or you the 33rd pick. Now you gotta go prove yourself and most of the time you're gonna be on a contending team and you ain't gonna get a chance to play. Yeah bro. And now your life is gonna be a little short list. Fell victim to that bro. Literally 29th pick on the bulls. They a playoff team. You just sitting there rotting bro. But if you go back to college, get 3 million and get a chance to up your draft stock. Bro, that sound, You did experience that you are right. Yeah. It Sound like a winner. And I, I, I go further like Marcus got picked in the first round bro. It was a kid named Kennedy. Chandler. He went to Tennessee. I was scouting at that time. Yeah, he was in the same position as this dude and he entered the draft and I thought he should have went back to school.


He entered the draft. I think he might be the 31st pick, 32nd, 33rd pick or whatever in the second round. And his career is over now. I mean he might be overseas playing, I'm not sure, but his NBA career is over. Yeah. Yeah. He could have went back to college, got a bag killed and if he went second round, you was going second round anyway so Yeah. Yeah. Least he going second round now with $4 million. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I got you. I got you. That's a hell call. But yeah, ta, whatever his name Pettiford. Not to disrespect you little bro, but he got a better chance of being a top 10 pick Now, like I told you, not too many people with top 10 picks coming off the bench. Only Marvin Williams and Rob Dillingham and they were so good.


Yeah. That it was like alarming that they were coming off the bench. Yeah. And then you look at the guards got picked this year. Even with Ree Sheer going this high, still got minimal minutes. You look at Rob minimal minutes like yeah, you might as well go get that bread. 'cause if you, especially at his statue height, you gotta be top off to give you a chance. But Rob, I mean Rob, she, Reed Re and Rob, they went so high that they had to go. Yeah. Yeah. And they were can't turn that down. And they were so dynamic in college like it was like embarrassing. Like people was like, take DJ Wagner out. Yeah. Like what are y'all doing? Like the people that were playing in front of them was just looking crazy almost. Yeah, I agree. And they, that was, they was making DJ life a living Hell yeah because they was playing so good.


It was like, bro, y'all have to take him out. And they literally was doing historic shit. Like re she was literally like crazy bro. He was doing histor. He like the best shooter in Kentucky history than me now. So loyal. He never changed that shit. Yeah. He was like, DJ gonna get this. He getting into the league. Fuck this niggas just passing him by. Like he getting there and DJ Waner a good player. Yeah but they were just such, they were so good at Kentucky that year and you couldn't even deny it. So only if you a top 20 player guarantee that y'all going test the awards at the BA as a freshman. I'm saying a lot though. Really Lottery. Yeah. With the money they can get. Now Lotto, if I'm not lotto bro, I'm going back to school. What if you for sure. What if you're a sophomore?


The older you get the, you get trickier. The older you get. The older you get. The trickier get. But not really though. Yeah, because the NBA is a plug and play league now. Like it used to be old. Potential. Potential potential. Now if you young and you play and you sad, they will draft over you. So it don't matter no more. Like think about all the kids that played in Houston. Oh yeah. These like all them young dudes that got Houston, Josh Christophers and yeah man, somebody got drafted over Reid Shepherd came, he gone. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's a fact. They just gonna keep draft if somebody get drafted every year. So if you young and you sad, you gonna get drafted over. Yeah. You see more and more in this day and age them GMs, I don't care if you, I'll get it right next year you can be off this roster man.


What patience bro. All the draft picks we had did not play for our team anymore. No. Think about all the draft picks y'all got like OB topping was with the Knicks. Yeah, knee Smith was with Boston. All these dudes, all second round situations you got for, but they don't care. They draft somebody else next year. So you can be young and sad if you want. Yeah. Shit. Get spooky.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes. But there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no across The country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, but not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser told Them from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In A very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star stunned a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Fan Benny the Butcher. Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Kara Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide. And hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Alright man, Duardo Flores and Super Chase a JT Delusional. He talked about the 2015 Bryan being the reason he would've lost a claw KD Curry. He lost to no love in two games from Irving. This underdog walker your squad. Mj, Kobe SJ King's lineage. Man. Okay, you ain't even from here. Shut up nigga name's. Eduardo nigga. Shut up. He ready? The tweet I got, I got about, I got about two minutes for you Eduardo. You better leave me a fuck alone. I'm stand out of that one Respect man. 22 said how I feel about Paul George being the reason. Okay. Seeing the patience and the finals this year dude. To the fact that he got trade from Bo.


Yes, we talked about that on the pod. Dropping today at 12:00 PM Tap in. Shout to PG for blessing. The franchises for show showed a lot of love. Appreciate you gang. Donald Cox II said they should just let kids go outta high school now and have to stay two years before you can go to the NBA. No, they should just let kids go to the NBA. Yeah. I don't Think you should have to stay two years, but they should just open the flood gates to let people go to the league. 'cause you are either ruining people's lives And when I say you ruin people's lives, you ruin like college coaches' lives. 'cause they getting you for one year now it's kind of cool 'cause they can pay you but they know that you're not gonna be here. Yeah. Like you don't wanna go to college bro. Like AJ Deens, like he shouldn't have to go to BYU man.


Nah. He wasting his time. Waner wouldn't have went to to college because a lot of people gonna treat it like Ben Simmons bro. Yeah, yeah. Go there. You like bro, I'm about to tweak out. I don't care about y'all Scholarships. Nothing. Nothing. Top tier documentary bro. Yeah. Like you haven't seen it yet. That's something with the fire, It really ruins a couple players lives. Like DJ Wagner would've went outta high school and now he is his third year in college. But Mikey, not Mikey Williams probably not made the NBA but he was on, he was projected. Yeah. Y'all think Lalo would've went straight? Yep. I mean shit. He did that anyway. Yeah. But all these dudes would've went straight outta high school and a lot of guys' careers like Marcus, you probably been a top 10 pick outta high school.


A landslide. You know what I mean? A lot of guys would've been top picks outta high school and college. I Didn't open that back up. When did that shut down? Was that oh four was the last class oh oh five. Yeah, it was been a long time. 20 years. Like imagine them Making LeBron had to go to college man. What? That'd been awful stupid Bro. That'd been fire old state though. But that would've been stupid bro. It would've been Bro to me in the NBA. It was a waste of his time. A lot of people who else could have went outta high school and Greg Old should been Kevin Durant. Yeah. Wasting my time. Greg Old wasted his time. White Beasley D Rose. Mike Beasley. Yeah. Dro wasting my Time is crazy. OJ should never been to us. Should never touch Us.


Never. No. Never See people Careers would've been totally different too. Yeah, Because they would've had priority in the franchise. Yeah. And they would've been different. 'cause I mean you gotta think about how much confidence you had when you came outta high school, bro. Yeah. One like man you like Greg Oden would've just went straight to the league. Oh even though he killed he Was at his highest right there. He was. Even Though he killed Ohio State, he might not went to Portland. Yeah, yeah. That's what I'm saying. He might not have got hurt. He might not have broke his hand. He might have went T had a bad body though bro. I was. You thought that nigga grew up with Bill Russell Boy. Technology was not on his side. They tried everything to get my boy right.


He was breaking down. I just feel like, and like players like me, not to say I'm, I'm happy with what happened to me, how my career went, but I would've been at Duke. I wouldn't have went to Duke. But I'm just saying. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like you take Derrick Rose and all them dudes outta college basketball. Yeah Dude. Like me who's a 50th player in the country. You looked at a little different. Yeah. Now you shit. Yeah we know we not getting him. So now all of a sudden, shit, we might get Jeff at Duke. Shit You would've stayed at Wake though if Wake was perfect. That shit Pan. Nah, wake was, wake was cool, cool for me but shit, I'm saying all them Your class is gun smoke.


Yeah. Was the best. That's 20 going to the league out the gate. Yeah. At least. But Wake Was perfect 'cause he got to just do him. You go to these other schools, he might have went to Duke and been there with still five other six Other people. Well you've been cool with no one. Smith and Cal singular do. I Wouldn't have went to Duke average 20 something he Might have ever. UCI. Ty Lawson was going to the league. I wasn't no Duke guy. Think Ty Lawson was going outta high school. Hell yeah. The smallest hit nigga Basket nigga. Nigga. Damn. Average of triple double at Oak Hill. I, I wasn't, I wasn't no Duke guy. I probably, I probably, 'cause I would've been so highly sought after 'cause everybody's going to that. I probably would've went to like Indiana probably would've rolled out the carpet for me.


They probably would've. I mean they did that anyway. But that've been, I probably would've been like, shit, I'm gonna stay at the crib. You would've Been out Without conversation Let cook. Yeah. I wouldn't have to worry about Eric. DJ White. Yep. Eric would've went to the league. Yeah, Eric was league league. You, his shit would've been different. Damn him outta high school to the bro. Bro. What he was so different was So d he was that nigga was and he was ready to, the league averaged the dove actually. Yeah bro. Didn't he average like 20 when he first got to la? Yeah, When they started playing. Yeah. He was one of the hardest people to guard at that time bro. I'm telling you he was different. Nah, that's Some shit to think about for sure. Shout to ej legend in the city for sure. I definitely would've. I would've been lit.


I've not, I had Kentucky, duke, Carolina, Nah, I facts dude. Because you top 10 players. I would've been boo, I would've Been boo. I would've pick where I wanna go. All the boys gone. But he only rank Hogg because everybody goes to the league. The journey. I might have been one and done though. You gotta think about it. 'cause in high school you would've been playing like we went to You know Vegas and we playing all the dude NBA Scouts would've been there watching these dudes go outta high school and you killing. Yep. And you might have nigga might have been second round p outta high school. Oh shit. You know what I'm saying? Like yeah you already had the dark story to match. You know, check that bag, the draft Story.


But you think about it though because you would've been playing against NBA scouts in front of these dudes to see Eric Gordon like Brandon Jennings would the one outta high school all these cash. For sure. Yeah. That's crazy. Alright man. Super Chase Jalen Benitez said shout to be here. For real bro. Responded to my message when I said y'all should put the videos up so we can see what y'all talking about. Shout out to Jeff too. One of my favorite players. For real. Oh, shout to you man. Shout to. We're working on that Bro. For sure. Alright, two kick 17 said Y'all think Jake Richardson should go back? Yes. Think so Mo. Nah he gonna be a top top two. Ah, a top five pick. He gonna be top 20. He's he top 20 Dude like him. You got strike with an iron hot. 'cause I ain't no no shade to lil bro. He good but like he don't jump off the screen.


Yeah he don't bro. But he had, he good enough to make it to the league like shooting down 50% bro. You Yeah, I'm rolling. You efficient as hell? Yeah, I'm rolling. You got strike with the iron hot. He don't need no bread neither. Oh Bro. Chaser dreams bro. Chaser Dreams the right In that portal Bro. His little brother got a 50 inch vertical. I was gonna say the younger brother, he Yeah he would join him in the league in a couple years. That boy jump out the gym but, but he, he got a strike by the iron hot. 'cause his dream might not come true if he go back to Michigan State. Respect. And we've seen a lot of Michigan State guards have great success in the tournament and all that stuff. It still not be high pick so. Yeah. Take advantage. I ain't mad that that for show. Yeah, don't Kaylin Lucas this name bro.


Shout out to him but damn give well some R-W-N-B-A scores from yesterday. The mystics took care of the fever. 83 to 77. I told y'all Chelsea Mitchell had 14 shut the league down. Yeah, Dewana. Barer had 21. Brittany Sykes been killing, she had 21 and nine and Kiki era. A rookie going crazy this year. Just the only game. She doesn't have a double double basically 16 to eight. Yeah man we ain't got Kaitlin people might on a little losing streak. Right. It just started. We shake backed up bro. For sure. Shout to Angel re become the fastest player in league history to get 500 points. 500 rounds. Damn. 3 38 games. Excuse me. Tina Thompson said we're 44. There we go. Shout out to Angel Reese man. Okay. Angel re making some noise. Yeah.


How many Of those are offensive? Re I break some records. Yeah, it's a lot of me bounds in that but You know how I mean, excuse me. Shout to Her. Me, me bounds. Yeah That's swinging. You throw that bitch up. What? What was your boy that got the triple double? Ricky Davis. She got a little Ricky Davis. Me bounds is a bar me bounds is fucking hilarious bro. You know what I mean? Me offensive rebounds. You think she got outta those 500? 400? Oh man, Wait A minute. I'm gonna say at least at least 200 is offensive rebounds. Hey that's cold. And I, and I fuck with Lisa Leslie, you or Tristan Thompson. Lisa Leslie told her we gonna get in the gym and work on your layup package because she shooting 33%. She's a big man.


Yeah, yeah. We got you. You'll be, you'll be kicked outta the NBA Nah as a big shooting. 33%. And are you taking this layups? Yeah, you'll be fired. And That somebody showed me that yesterday. I said She shoot 33%. Yes bro. From, that's insane. All you do is shoot, Lay up bro. That's bad. No way. She shoot 33%. She Does bro, I hate that we had to talk about Angel Reese, but she is a polarizing player in the w nah. Yeah. And this her offensive rebound diner 200 offensive for Her career. For her career. She shoots 38% from the field. 38% for the field for her career. Yeah, It's right there. Yeah, That's that. That's a big that Is. No, that's damn That is, That's a big man. So, So, so far this year get some grace.


He shoot 21 from, she has 56 rebounds and 30 of them defensive rebounds. The other 26 is crazy. She's one of the worst offensive players in the league from percentage wise. I just saying Percentage is crazy Bro. She's literally Dennis Rob now she, she did have a wrist injury just last summer so I don't know if You know, said that impacted the workout game. But yeah Lisa, Leslie, we gotta get it back in the summer at Lisa Leslie. We gotta work on that. Somebody man get asap. Their ASAP With her. We got race Lock. Lock was the nigga that you in Get in, get in character nigga.


Get in character because baby girl gotta at least be 50 from the Field. Hey You know what's crazy? What's That nigga? Miguel? Oh shit. Is that new picture nigga looks, You can't say that got Boy, he got a body. Hey you might wanna take the joke.


He killed the nigga. Yeah he got a, he got a murder on him. Yeah he trail lightly boy. Whoa. He in jail for 15 years for, let's confirm that. Know that's Him. Stop. I just, I just see him talk about life man. Right. Don't be scared. So what that nigga told Brian? Yeah we gotta verify who that is. He told, he say nigga Michael knew that drill who was a out here. He told, he told, he told Martin don't be scared after that. Fuck fuck him. See I showed up people from my hood that got body Nigga. I ain't scared of that nigga After I seen that with Martin. Nah Miguel boy he played hell out the road All seriousness for you to be a star in the WNBA.


You shoot 33%. That's why I said I could play. Me and Jawa would the ran shit in that movie at pick and roll nigga would've been crazy. 33% bro. You miss all the time. Oh man Man you Miss all the time. Okay but the thing she do well is she get her own rebound so, oh me, she has 56 rebounds on the season. 26 of those are offensive. So Yeah me bound. God Bro. The me bound is crazy. Which I like that though. Y'all coach when nigga keep missing. So keep fighting, keep Don't up. I Heard Jeff say that.


Don't give up. Don't give up. Follow your Shit. Don't. Oh shit. Hey he on a generational rug bro. That picture is classic right now. Add this to the picture man bro, this nigga's funny. New as he get over his hands. He said his hair was painted on man what is y'all? Oh bro. Oh shit man said be Handed did it again. Oh God.


Max showed up this morning for show. What Y got W highlights. Lemme see man. We need to start really putting these up though guys. We be doing the WNBA disservice because all we do is Joan bro. Who? Who is that? That's Angel. Oh okay. With the laugh Man. Let's get to these baseball recaps. Hold on. Good finish though. I like that though. She do pop her shit though. Okay. Who that? That was the highlights. Okay. Good game by the sky. This show is a joke. Good game by the sky. We just talking about W but I'm not watching the sky highlights. For real. We said this yesterday.


We need from each game at least give us three solid highlights to work with y'all. We really want to tap in like Nigga watch, watch the game at home. No bro, we wanna tap in. I'm trying to learn the girls bro. I wanna see one of these windmill layups bro. You know what I mean? Keep watching the game like you have been. We be watching the game but I'm trying To learn about the players bro. Like we want y'all to show the love to the fans can't. I'm trying to, don't look at me, don't look at me. He say I wanna see a win layup Nigga finna Jason Richardson. They motherfuckers gotta start somewhere Is insane. That's bike shot layup.


That's nasty.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes. But there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Cross the country. Cops call this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser told Them from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star stunned a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music Stars, Marcus King, John Osborne For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Van Benny, the Butcher Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Kara Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast


AM Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures. And your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Alright Man, now this is my sport right here. Get to it. So actually yesterday White Sox took care of the mess. Nine to four the guard took care of the miss against the Dodgers. Seven to four the Tigers beat. The Giants. That's a big win by them four to three. Seven to four on the Dodgers. The big win. Shout out to the Dodgers. The brewers defeat the Red Sox man instead the inning for show six to five the race. Secure the twins five to oh Belt to ass sweep City Astro Secure the athletics five to three. Look at that. Pirates. Yeah, the Diamondbacks keep getting their ass shit. 10 to one gets the Pirates get better. Please keep them off the parlay. Nah. Yeah man. Well take the other, You know who team the league though? Who? I, we ain't gonna talk about respect.


I'm going go to the end. They ran it up. Yeah. Eight get to the end. Good game. Yesterday them got damn Rockies boy Carter Royal six four. The Royals beat the Reds three to two Cub Care the Rockies two to one shut out C against the Rangers. Boo Jay Care business. Two zero Yankees got the ages. One zero. Tough game at last. It turned out least belt to ass it against the Mariners and Nashville took care of business. Nine zero. I'm pissed if I'm at a baseball game and the end of that motherfuckers one zero, what fuck is we Doing? You know what's fucked up Out there? Bullshitting. It's either really good baseball or really bad baseball. Well that baseball game three or four hours bro out here playing Bro. The Colorado Rockies are literally so bad.


Yeah they trash bro. Bro. They might be the worst team in MLB history. They, they trash. Wow bro. I, for real, like I I bet against them every day and I win like I'm about, I'm about to literally start betting against the Colorado rival. It's like, it's like the Angel Res first shot thing. It's the same thing bro. For real. I swear to God bro. They so bad bro. I don't even know they record. I think they, the Rockies out here feeding families. They definitely got single digit wins Bills bro. What? What's their record bro? They off. No they are the worst team of the league. Nah, of 46. Six they getting smacked bro. Oh. Every night They still got a lot of games to play. They more hundred more games. A hundred more built to ask season. Literal. They literally worse in the Wizards in basketball. Wow. They Bad bro. Dj, you played baseball. How many games did y'all play in high school?


20 ish than that might be ing Because I'm like when do, how do you prepare for 200 games? Like the Call season ain't as long as double headers and shit. Double headers. Okay. Pitchers get to sit out. They got All kinds of baseball's. AAU basketball. Yeah. Essentially. Yeah for real. Anytime if you playing the game you just one say running back in professional sports. That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. But they legit like on a pace for the worst team in MLB history though. They, They're nasty bro. Man it's a bad team bro. Bad bad team. Yeah they tank bro. Four seven bro. Ba boy. Diamondbacks. I don't know what we got going on but tap back again. Look at my Cubs though. Yes.


I'm gonna start tapping in with y'all with the, the bets for the, for the baseball. My Cubs is hooping Cub. I'm a little em Braves fan. Toot feel is nice. Do you bet on the players smoke or you just Nah, straight up teams. I might take the pitches sometimes Pitch straight outs. Mm. But yeah, we gonna get these baseball player back rocking for show. We gonna tap in feed the streets this summer for show. All right man. We go back to this topic ae listen man, crown the face of the league. I don't think that he wants to be the face of the league. If he wants to be the face of the league, I think it could happen. I think he just wanna keep killing. I That's the NBA's problem to figure out. I was talking to Will Barton yesterday. He he, he said LeBron's still the face of the league.


He was like people more excited to see bro than any of these other people bro. And I was like you damn near right. 'cause if LeBron was in the finals right now, everybody be watching LeBron versus step finals right now. Today would go crazy. If there was a Lakers, warriors Western Con responded, the world would be talking about it every single day the Pacers Nick series would be overlooked completely. That is a great point. Are you damn near right? LeBron is the face of the league. 'cause we, his story was written more about him being 40 and doing what he's doing. We were more excited about that than anything else. Like every day we came in here, Brian just had 30, like he doing this at 40. Most definitely. Him and Yoic we talked about them every day. Facts.


That's true. I agree. Brian is still the face till he leave bro. It's too polarizing bro. But even, even for 20 plus years, I think even the year after, bro, they gonna all ask LeBron's thoughts about everything that happens. Like how could you fix this? Will you come back? That's gonna be the whole area after that bro. It is still LeBron did already asking is he gonna come back? He Ain't retired yet. Yeah, I don't think he gonna come back to the league once. I don't either. But once he hang him up, I just wonder what he does next. I wonder if he stays around the NBA. He gonna Be an owner bro. He gonna try to be an owner. But do you think he'd do what Mike do? Yeah. You know how Mike working for NBC and they offer him 40 million. Do you think somebody offer LeBron 50 million or do LeBron build his own?


He's that type of dude. He'll build his own shit. Yeah. Building shit bro. I think they already laid the uninterrupted is gonna be the, the segue to all things bro. That'll be fired though. That'll be tight. If LeBron had a like a, a morning show or a talk show And let his guys come On like three cool dudes. Yeah. Let his guys come On. Or four. Some cool camera guys. They put him on uninterrupted. Nah, that'd be lit because he already doing the podcast shit. I'd rather do a morning show with my guys especially But I don't think he'll get up every morning and do that. I don't know bro. It is gonna be hard for him to cut that off. Yeah, you never know.


Nigga say he got up at four five. Matter Of fact don't do that actually bro. Giving our blueprint. No I I was being funny if you didn't hear what I was the crowd. I respect it though. I think it is smart. Yeah I don't think he gonna do it. I think it's too much time. He gonna try to be an owner. Yeah. Like doing this. He be owner. Yeah doing this every morning is too much time and especially when he do movies and he do all that other stuff and he, he a billionaire like yeah he ain't gonna want to talk ball like this. He want to talk ball his own comfort with wine and just chilling with one other person. LeBron don't mess around, just sit here and tweet everything bro. And just dominate that way. But this was an interesting point that I just brought up.


You think they brought Mike in for LeBron's last dance? That'd be crazy if last year LeBron was narrated by Jordan like throughout like capture throughout the season. That'd be crazy. And if y'all do this NBCI owe a check. So pay what you weigh. He should do it. But that'd be far. That'd be cold. Y'all think y'all think Mike doing that shit? Yeah. Y'all think Mike gonna get up there and just be sad anyway so No I don't think Mike going, Mike going. They gonna like we going, Mike ain't gonna ever be in the studio. Mike going to be in Grease somewhere and we're tapping in with Mike. He's in Greece. Hey y'all, what's going on? Mike gonna be remote. Yeah, I mean KC they they were good last year. They still good. Yeah. Yeah man gonna Be surprised. They're really sad But they, Mike Pulling up to the stove.


No, when you, I see that bro. When you were the owner, when you were the owner of the Hornets, what did you look for in a player? Well You know I, Nah, he goes, I Just went with who was winners in college. He might be the worst draft. He ever though. Mike, Mike goes down as one of the worst people to pick somebody. He better pick that nigga in Chicago. Oprah runs nigga for the future. If the Hornets was draft for you then that was a bad sign man. Man he picked Adam Morrison. I was like yeah, yeah you really like winners bro. Like people who won in college 'cause there's no way you thought Adam Morrison was about to be him. Get well soon for sure man. All right. Five buckets b hen who was getting to it yesterday? Yeah, SGA man.


It should, he coulda sat out for the game. He actually as bad as Timber Wars played but SGA get it. Get your numbers anyway. 34 8 and seven Gonna show some love to Che. Who had 22 N seven last turnout least man shout to Sam Presty. Keep remixing squad man back to the finals with a different rendition. He the goal bro. Nah, You know my verified bucket, this is silly. What's that coach name? Okay. Yeah. Mark Al. Yeah he, he need to be a verified bucket bro. What he did with this team, all these young dudes and he got them to buy in like it's so hard to get people to buy in in the NBA 'cause it's about money. Yeah. And you got a full team of dudes who trying to get paid.


Yeah you got Lou Dur got paid and you got SGA got paid and Isaiah, Joe and Caruso. Right. Them like the big money guys on their team. But you got Jalen Williams who need a check. Yeah, he's good. You need check about to get a check. You got some other dudes on that team who trying to get paid. Stein paid too. I forgot. Yeah, they took care of him. Who? Hartstein. Oh yeah. But then the rest of these young, you got some young dudes who trying to get paid like Carson, Cassie, I mean Cason Wallace and all them. They trying to work their way in to getting a check and to get them to buy in like they do. Man, that's, that's pretty cool bro. No, for sure. And he's 40 years old too. One of the younger coaches, they got a dope picking him and Carus so on the G league ducking it out.


He a great coach bro. I turned up like so to see what he did with that team. Got this young group going to the finals bro. Pretty impressive man. That's hard. Be the best team in the league two years in a row now I'm going to the finals possibly win a championship. Pretty impressive for sure. I mean I know we about to get out here. I wanna ask y'all a question. When you come up with coaches in that situation, like for you Mo to see him in that level, to see him now as he's the same person, same philosophies Or you can see it early on that he was gonna be in that head coaching spot. He smart as hell bro. I knew he started off in Florida so I played against my Kentucky but I knew after playing for him I'm like ah you gonna be a head coach in the league at some point bro. You know this game too well bro, he had, he just thought different bro. I knew he was gonna make it.


That was dope man. That's like you already talked like Kenny at and stuff like that. Yeah. Your sisters went on to be prosperous head coaches. You could see that early. Yeah, I knew Kenny would be special. He didn't even wanna be a head coach but he would say his mind was different. Like he said, You know like I knew whenever team he got, they was gonna be explosive offensively but nah, that's, that's what's up man. For sure. Alright man what the hell did Burner in the super chase that yo beat? He in this PJ Tucker five three a lock tonight. Man, My boy ain't getting in. I was screaming his name too kept doing me like this. Well hopefully You know what I'm saying, it's belt to As and he would get pretty minutes tonight so he, he can get those attempts up. Alright get well soon we start off with the T Wolves. Nah, first quarter points. Yeah. Disgusting. Yeah that's nasty. Yeah that's nasty.


I ain't even show up. We go ahead wrote a clip anyway. Nas Reed Nas posted. Somebody argue with him? Nah somebody posted his but he was going crazy. What did he say was he was going, he was violating the dms. We playing with people phone man. What'd he say to him? Somebody was talking about betting broke. Yeah, him betting and missing one shot. Oh that nigga went crazy though. He said and you still broke and fat. Shit sad. I fuck with that conversation with him too. He said damn you still on my nuts. Na was talking greasy. I love that. I love that too. Disrespect the fans, they deserve it. You gotta interact every once in a while man. But you gotta set the tone let niggas know not to play with you bro.


And the fan posted it. Yeah he laying here. Look what the look what the fan You bitch you so ass pissed bro. The second bar being you mad broke fat. Nah that really be shitty though bro because he probably fucked up the whole leg. That's his thing. Yeah bro. He was fucking up his whole weekend bro. Oh yeah? Nah is pissed. He's pissed bro. Dang man fuck you bitch. Hey he's hot. He said a couple para. Nah they gonna open they DM and see a nigga screaming. Fuck you bitch they gonna piss me off. Yeah, fair. Stay out people DS bro. People will clap back and they got more money than you Anytime he explaining his himself I missed four shots.


He he's pissed bro. Yeah this is crazy. That's wild.


We appreciate y'all. We will be back Monday morning. Dope episode of Club five 20 day. Drop it at 12:00 PM Eastern. Tap in one more time for Boost Mobile. We appreciate y'all $25. You know the vibes unlimited text data nationwide. 5G Man it's nationwide ain For sure. You know the vibes tap in. We appreciate y'all. See y'all next time. Five 20 In The Morning.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they ed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Traveling is one of life's greatest joys, honestly. Can anything be more exhilarating? Well actually yeah. With Chase Sapphire Reserve, it's your gateway to the world's most captivating destinations. First, you'll earn three times points for travel and dining and the card gets you into the Sapphire Lounge by the club at select airports nationwide and access to one of a kind experiences. Whether you're booking a once in a lifetime trip or your next weekend escape. Discover more with Chase Sapphire Reserve at chase.com/sapphire. Reserve cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Subject to credit approval terms apply.


This is an iHeart podcast.