
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese, ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat Cops, new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Did You know that in the US paper comes from sustainably managed forests? That's important because those forests clean our air and water, capture carbon and provide healthy homes for wildlife like that. Guy. Plus paper-based packaging is designed to use just the right amount of material to better fit what's inside and can be recycled up to seven times, which reduces landfill waste. So at the grocery store or online choosing products that come in, paper packaging is the smart thing to do. Learn more@howlifeunfolds.com slash choice


The Volume. Good morning. Happy Monday's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a full house this morning. We got Bishop Young Nacho five 20 Moog Fellows. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening? Five 23rd? Yes sir. Oh yeah. Should, before we get to the final four, you ready your ICEO now? Nah, I'm gonna just do it when they, how they did within the Florida game. Keep Elijah one. It's gonna be Very, very fitting for what I have to say for sure man. National Championship day. But first man, let's shout to the ladies. Yukon got their 12 title yesterday, man. 12 titles is absolutely insane. Shout to Gino. Shout out to Paige Becker's. Paige Buckets got that chip we talked about a little bit on the pod man, but MOOC Man 12 national Championships is crazy.


I see Leap bro. Paige where to get you one on the way out. Yeah, They, they didn't think you was gonna get you one, you snuck you one in there and they won by 40. Shit. Yeah that beat they ass. It was definitely a belt to ass to get South Carolina yesterday. We were not expecting that. You know what I'm saying? South Carolina got the better them early in the season where they matched up. But shout out to UConn man handling business man. Legend. Another legend UConn, another Yukon legend they got Nah, You kind beat him in The earlier. Yeah you kind did beat him. Oh no I thought South Carolina got them incorrect in that situation but yeah You Know we just gonna hold each Other accountable. Nah, I appreciate it bro. Paige got the dub for show man that's far our last college game getting the chip too. Especially everything you wish she went through man Them injuries even though the other girl, what's her name? Izzy Ozzy? Yeah, Ozzy F.


Yeah. No, no disrespect Ozzy. Is she top five in Yukon history? Paige, that's tough to say bro. They got so many people, they got Her statistics cut. Yes. You know why she, it's not fair 'cause they teams were so much better that they didn't even get the hoop today. Full potential. Yeah, Like Stu got four chips in a row 'cause True that's yeah And like More they got crazy people like Think about the teams d Diane Raz them didn't even really get to shoot and do all that stuff because they had so many good people. Facts. Yeah. But also to be fair too, in that conversation the play devil was advocate. The competition around was a little bit different too. You come at that time was becoming the powerhouse and they was that for sure you had Tennessee back then but Now you had a couple different places where it was heavy.


Had LSU, you had South Carolina Honesty, it Was really a two team race for sure. It was UConn Tennessee for sure. And Notre Dame gets sprinkled in there here and there. But it was definitely a two team race. Oh yeah, you look at the link. Oh yeah, Tina Charles, she my class. That's crazy. I forgot she went there too. She Was a beast too. Real big. That's a lot of people that went there Bro. Yeah. Shout to my Moore. Just got addicted in the hall of Fame as she should have Sue Bird as well. Sue Bird, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Tiffany Hayes Kia and nurse was cold. It's Hard to make they top five bro. But you look at all time scoring too. Even with the injuries. She's, she's up There. Nah, she be killing. She, she did her thing. Shout out To her. Most definitely man. Shout out to the ladies man. But the men's tonight we got a nice game.


But first let's talk about the final four man. Hey Duke, y'all fumbled the game Bro. Bed with T. Let's go. Let's, let's get straight to the Duke. We gonna move to the Duke game. All right man. They Had the game bro. They fumbled. So did Houston went, did Houston take that or did Duke lose that? Lost Houston Took it bro. Houston took it. They lost It bro. No they took it. They Locked. They locked up the last 10 minutes of the game. They took it to They ain. Score field goal They up nine bro. You gotta win the game bro. I'm sorry. Talk About it Mo. They lost the game bro. Houston did they part, they made shots of course, but Duke just, they fumbled towards the end and then Duke they was trying to get it to Cooper flag too much bro. They should have went to PLE down the end. Let him go hit the free throws and they, they just gave it to Cooper flag too much.


They was trying to force feed it to him. You think that moment at the end of the game was too much or or your best player get that shot at the end of the game? Nah, they, they got the shot they wanted. Yeah. Okay. But the thing was that Houston guarded the rest of the game like that last 10 minutes. Houston started playing Houston defense and they took him out of being comfortable. They did like these stuff like that contesting that bro making plays down the stretch. It is a big moment in the game right here. Choked it up right there though. Oh. Back in the possession. He Hit a shot every time that Three right here. Wow. So, so that big 360 1 30 Took 60 30 seconds basically to take it. 64, 67 was a big shot.


Big play. People blame man Cooper flag for the, you gotta run him off the line. He did his job. But this right here Unacceptable Stuff like that bro. You That turnover. Hey Box out that turnover taking the ball Out. Be here with the box out. That's how you do it. I seen them drills that Samson got 'em on. He And then Big Buddy gave us nothing. Yeah, I was gonna say we can break down assassin of this game crying when Christ, he had 26 Cooper flag balled out with 27 74. But the big man for Duke man zero rebounds 30 minutes gave Us Nothing. That's unacceptable man.


Rappers made some big free throws down the stretch or whatever. Zero Rebounds is crazy. You seven two bro. Yeah But it was a hell of a game. Houston fa. I mean I know the world wanted to see Duke in a championship, You know they got the star power or whatever but I knew it would've happened. You was locked in. Yeah They just ain't got that, You know when I look at Houston they got a bunch of dogs. Yeah and they all, you could tell they obviously they both two well coached teams. John Sharp did a hell of a job this Year. Most definitely. But it's just something about Houston, the way they prepared, the way they looked, the way they played it just looked like they never defeated. Yeah like I never once looked at the game and was like damn they gonna lose.


Yeah, I said That. Yeah but I never felt like they was defeated. Said oh we gonna always be there towards the end of the game we gonna be there so. And to your point mo down 14, eight minutes left then you going to the 15 to three run the last two to win in the game. Super tight. Agent Realis Morales whether respect Jet and Mo, how the fuck did Duke have so much trouble inbounding about at the end of the game? At what place would you have? Right. I can't even make fun of because we had this problem when I coached school ball. Yeah This was our biggest problem trying to get the ball inbound when we up eight or nine and people started pressing we, we struggled a little bit and bounding the ball. Yeah I know it sounds really simple but it is really hard to inbound the ball in in them situations. Like it ain't as easy. Everybody Actt it is not.


It's just people be scared. They be Scared. Boys don't wanna go shoot them Free throws. They don't want the free throws. They don't, a lot of people don't want that ball man you scream Roll back to the ball, you roll the other way. It's simple. It always been simple Throw. There's a lot of people want the free throws bro. When them moments happen, You know we all prepare our ourself. If you in the backyard down one, you hit the game one and shot. Yeah but when it's 20,000, 50,000, 60,000 people in the stands and everybody on the world with social media watching And you gotta be that guy to shoot those free throws or if you miss it, everybody can't live with those results. Yeah. Oh community hates you. Yeah, everybody can't live with them. Results With a hundred thousand in them stands. So. And that's interesting to hear from y'all 'cause both of y'all press breakers like y'all ain't got no problem in them situations bro.


I want the ball, the ball bro. Yeah this was my thing at the end of the game I used to go get the ball 'cause I used to guarantee me two points so at the end of the game, if I got 12 points and I'm averaging 16 I to be like shh need these, I need them free throws. I do, I need this. But some people run from that moment. Mm This what you built. Like that's All like some people go to the free throw line, they shake it. Yeah that's true. I've seen that before. Yeah That's why they don't want the ball. That's why you get them turnovers late game Them get a little brighter boys into that game. Real Bright. That's what it is. It ain't no play call just bro Get open, get the ball bro. Ball Ball won't off you get the ball bro. Yeah y'all say that real simple. That good. Say we got bro a clip of people in the moments of all field too. So They scared or they scared of pressure different.


They scared of like pressure. Yeah Turn the ball over. Turn over ball. Like you can't, if you gonna be a good player, you gotta have failures, you gonna fail. That's a bar You can't be scared bro. That's what make Kobe and them so good 'cause they was like I don't care bro. Yeah you can't be scared to fail. A lot of people can't handle failing when it comes to sports 'cause of what comes with it afterwards. Yeah the tweets to mean especially today. Yeah. Yeah because back then, You know what I'm saying, you lose, you might see the newspaper today but that meme is getting clipped up before you get back in the locker room. I remember we talked about it me jokingly like with Jimmy Butler when he passed me that ball, when I had hit that shot against the Timberwolves, You know the playoffs like I was, I'm not scared of that moment.


I was joking because you the highest player player. But I'm not saying Jimmy scared of that moment at all. He just made a basketball play. But like I would've got hated forever If you would missed a shot against the Nugget boy they hated you. Like Why? Why is Teague shooting that? Like why would t have the ball with a minute ago? It's like why the fuck do I got the ball but I ain't scared of the moment. I gotta do what I gotta do. I'll live with the results, I'll just turn it off. Most definitely Now Cooper Plague probably plays his last college game for sure. National player of the year, fourth freshman to ever do it. Is he one of the best Duke freshman of all time? Where's he ranking that? Definitely. Yeah for sure. He probably the best. Duke freshman. Yeah Over Zion National player of the year. You lead everything, you lead your team and everything bro.


Okay. And we made it to the final four. Did I Say does Zion make the final four? No Of course not the final four Bro. Yeah he's literally the best Duke freshman ever. Yeah Man. Statistically. Yeah He killed bro. He had a great year All over the board though. Like he was the most polarizing like Zion was highlight Central like Yeah but the stuff Cooper flag doing the stats because Ain't killed Zion killed. Yeah If He would've hit that straight away B killed Jason. Killed Jil, all them killed as freshmen but I don't know he just Taleo team in every category dominated bro. Flat player And you really supposed to be in high school. High School. Yeah you Dominate. There's nothing more he could have done.


He like nothing More. Yeah Somebody else help him. Nothing More I can do the Most And I left for 27. The most impression most impressive freshman year is is my, my guy from Ohio State football receiver. He was impressive this year. Yeah Cooper Flag and then the other freshman from Alabama. That was like 16, 17. Oh Yeah I know you talking about He was nice too though. Nah, Cooper flag is up there for real. Just freshman period in college. Yeah he held it down. Most definitely man. Shout out to Cooper Flagg. Is he better than Melo in college? Ooh I can't give him that just 'cause Meow won. Meow won it bro. Melo won and he had less And he's a double double machine. His team was good But it wasn't good. Melo Was the best freshman. Yeah. Won Itall.


Oh yes ever bro. Or y'all niggas. We already had this Talk wise stat wise I'm going Kevin Durant though. Well we Almost, we was a double double. Oh I don't disagree with as probably Almost 30. It was a double. Double. Yeah I'm wild. Cooper Flag is not the best freshman ever. I Agree. Say ad should He the best player But boy Stat ad had a big, his blocks was crazy. He had more blocks than every other team bro. Yeah Bro. He was a, he's the best dude freshman ever but KD the best 26 bro. The best freshman ever. Yeah. I'm gonna go with Kevin. Yeah. Only reason why I couldn't say Cooper over that. 'cause like you said the A CC was down the shooter and Melo had to go do it. It was, it was Wicked in the Big East. He got Anthony Davis number one. I ain't mad at it.


I'm not mad at it Dude. Stats just ain't like them other people's Stats. Yeah I'm just 4.7 blocks per game. Yeah, that's crazy. That's crazy. 14, 10 And you play with all NBA players. Yeah that's But that's like you gonna get, I mean they giving them the No but that's like getting knock like Jason Tatum and them for playing on the team. That's too good. Yeah, stats ain't gonna be like Everybody's, I'm gonna still go Kevin Durant though. I love KD bro. He average 21, he average 26, 25, 11. You don't do that in 26. You don't do that in college bro. Boy, on average KD was unreal Man. He was unreal bro. Come on Man. Yeah but That's 37 to 23 is crazy. Yeah Meow, kilt, Meow Run just so crazy because you think everybody Go there bro. They was leaking at the beginning of the year bro.


Yeah bro. That's why I'm saying his, he did way more with less bro. Bro. Hakeem shout to Hakeem and You know I mean the point guard. Yeah they was Good but Hakeem war, Jerry McNamara, We didn't even know them before the season started. That's the fuck. Yeah. So I got to give it to Melo just off trip. Shout to Melo too. He was dark Zion accused of whoop shit though. He Killed 42 and nine, He Came outta his shoes. That's still a crazy moment in college. Basket Ain't no more for no reason. He was killing. That's crazy that to wear somebody else's shoe would have more historic moment in them than PG is crazy Young size is crazy. Greg Oda had a moment Tray Young average 27. He Always forget Greg was playing with his left hand bro. Yeah he ain't even playing with his real hand. And he played against probably the best college team of all time bro.


Yeah. And I Almost Beasley average 26 and 12 Murder he was whoop shit And I, I ain't know Dros average 20. Yeah average 26 and six. Who? Dro? No that's 20 and six. Oh yeah, I ain't know Dros average 20. Yeah J Little Oak for. He had a Great not look for first. Yeah And I, they bought an interesting point. They said they always get on Kentucky, You know what I'm saying by having all the talent And I win the chips and they were just like, well Duke got one in the last little in stint. It's It's, it is the Coach Cal thing bro. Oh it. They ain't got nothing to do with nothing. They just don't like Cal bro. Okay. It yeah that's it. They just don't like Cal. Ah yeah Duke got they that one they most talented.


That was one of their least talented teams that won the chip. They ain't really had no guys on there. If you go look at it, you had, I mean you had your little OK four and Ty Jones. Um-huh. Was Quinn on that team too? Was Lint Cook on that national championship team? Yeah, he was No disrespect to Quinn but nah, I was just bringing it up the Squad. I'm saying like when you think of like first round picks and the guys like they ain't really have that many. Nah. And then you also look at the team that they we thought probably might got that was that Kentucky team that fell short to Wisconsin. But for sure man the other game was crazy as well. Florida and the Auburn 79 73. Hold On I got one question Now talking shit if, If Kat and them won the chip, well they would've been better than Florida.


Yeah they've been the best team of all time for sure because they was cold, they had debug come out a thousand, a thousand percent bro. Ooh that's tough. They was cold. It's a con. I don't disagree with the conversation but they would Book her off your bench But they ran it back to back though. Nah they did. Yeah Suspend the block and get a chip is tough bro. They was all freshman bro. Yeah they would've won a chip. Yeah. Tyler Uli off the bench D book Bro. Twins. Yeah. Yeah. Respect. Before we get to the Florida Auburn game, we got the super chat. Tyrone Johnson Jr. Asked on Gil's winner Shag Gill talked about how K don't know how to grade defense. They brought up CP three and how NBA teams actually put it in the game plan for PGS to attack him because his defense is overrated. Can you explain, that's a hell of a question.


How casual don't know how to grade defense. They brought up CP three on high NBA teams attacking the master. Yeah, I mean CP three is really good at stealing the basketball. He's probably one of the league leaders and still he's probably number two, one or two all time I would imagine. But he's really good at stealing the basketball. It's hard to keep people in front of you but people used to put him at pick and roll and get switches and attack 'em but he wanted a stronger guard so you couldn't post them. Mm. That's the thing. But like quick guys and faster players could go SCP that wasn't a problem but like those bigger guards couldn't post 'em 'cause he was super strong and he could steal the ball from you. So when Bigs tried to post him up or stuff like that, he was really good at that.


Or you trying to make passes in the pick and row. He was really good with his hands but one-on-one situations. Yeah you can go by but that's anybody. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Just picking your mismatches, that's all they doing. Yeah right. Most definitely. And underwriter status is live players where he may be the best. Best defenders on ball. Pretty good at steals too. You look Atty Hella Burton terrible on ball defender but he's always gonna be top steals because he know played passing lane. For sure. Defense Is overrated bro. It Is bro. Good offense will Always win win. Somebody says that the plays basketball Good offense is always going. I mean you gotta get some stops but you gotta score more points to win the game bro. Yeah. CP know how to play the game like yeah he know how to guard you and force you to somebody like just one on one flat you can go by cp.


Yeah that that never was a thing. Like I don't think anybody looked at CP and was like yo, the last shot, I can't get a bucket on cp. You can get a bucket. Like I ain't never Yeah Go ahead. I ain't never seen him take CP out of a game. 'cause his defense defensive Line Defense. Yeah. Yeah I've never seen that. Nah. But I've seen him take Rudy go bear out. He wasn't defensive player of the year. Yeah. Yeah. So like you said, it's all about getting your, your mismatches for Sure. But well against cp, if you bring that ball anywhere around him And you ain't for sure with it, he will steal that basketball. Oh he, he good at stealing the ball. He got all the little tricks, all that stuff he hold. Yeah you about to cross over your, hold your hand, take the ball from him, got all that. But you can definitely go by him Now. You saw Jason Titan when he said Pat be was tickling people.


That's crazy. That was crazy bro. Oh that's what they said about Pat Be Yeah Like bro what are you doing? You need them tricks in the NBA bro. Yeah y niggas are too. Don't I don think Saying tickling is crazy but the little titans that Jeff talking about that Grab somebody arm All that. Yeah Jeff even was showing little Bobby how to steal the ball, You know what I mean? In a different form of fashion. But it's always gonna be tricky. You need that bro. Y'all are way too good bro. Bro. You trying to guard nigga like your coach taught you when you was seven. I Only know, I know like Three people that really could guard you like even though Pat Bev like one defensive player or I mean made defensive teams or whatever. Yeah. I don't think he was really like that on defense. Like He had more energy than Yeah he was a good energy player. Like Y'all.


He did though. Like he wasn't just locking boys though. He had a Lot of Nah I mean it's impossible He gets stops. Yeah. Yeah. Like he'll get a stop. That's defense though. Got motor two outta eight times he gonna get a stop and that's good defense. I'm just being real like against some of the be you guarding the best player on the team might Get one stop on hype, you stop KD one time you be like I play good defense bro. Yeah KD bro. But the only people I've seen that do it on a consistent basis at like a level where it was just like damn was like Avery Bradley and Drew Holiday. It was, that was the only people I seen that guard me And I really was like okay, like I gonna get and ta. When TA used to guard you, he used to be like Okay I can't get by, I can't really score on him, I can't get by him like that.


Like I'm gonna need a pick and roll. I'm gonna need some advantages And like, like I said Avery, Avery Bradley was special at that. Pat Bev was a good defender but he wasn't the quickest so against me I could get by him 'cause he wasn't that quick. Yeah but he had the good hands. He gonna swipe down, he gonna take the charge, he gonna do all the little stuff. But him as a defender, he was better guarding bigger guys. That's why you see him guard LeBron because they not as quick. Yeah. I mean that's just real but real Using that leverage for his advantage for sure too. Yeah. But Avery Bradley and them was like this Just to chest what's up. Yeah They just as quick as you just as fast. So it was just a little different How they bigger than you? Strong As fast. Just as quick, quick.


Yeah it was different. Yeah For sure. Also, You know it started getting into that category. Dyson Daniels fact. Oh you don't wanna play with the basketball around him? Yeah bro. He gonna take that for sure. Yeah. Alright. Lake Show 1996 is super chat. XOKC, Thunder, fla, the flounder zero free throws for Shay, Gil Alexander, Lakers N five. I'm telling you bro, they gonna take away that free throw line in the playoffs bro. He, he, he look different without he's cold. Don't get me wrong bro, without t them fowls it's a little different bro. Okay. Play off with. So it'll be a little bit different. Look like He look like he ain't, he wasn't enjoying himself as much out there bro. Without all the calls Bro. For sure. We gonna talk about that game a little bit later. Last but but not least Dio the trio.


That's a wild name my boy shout to you. Super chat On the scale of Tys Jones, Seth Curry and Reon. Where you see Walter Clayton Peak? That's, I don't know, it's a little early for me. I have no Idea. He remind me of, he remind me of Tys. Okay Obviously he played more years in college basketball. Tus got to his fourth year. He probably be doing the same thing that Clayton did. Yeah. He kind of play like tires. They don't really make too many mistakes. Can shoot the ball. Not that explosive but good enough athlete. Okay. Speaking of the game, Florida took care of Auburn. 7, 9, 7 3 Man Walter Clayton went crazy with 34 in the win.


That's crazy man. Is he been the best player of the NC tournament so far? Yeah bro. Yeah for sure. Yeah. And the most Clutch. Yeah. Reliable. I told y'all man, every time I even turn the TV on buddy stinks it up Man. What's crazy Everybody Kept writing me like turn your show, turn the TV off, turn the TV on. No, I'ma tell you what's crazy, we was in Dreamville Fest, we was chilling on what I'm saying between sets And we watching the game. Right. He looks away, Petr go get a nice reverse lay, he looked back again and he missed a shot. He's like see I told you, I said I swear to God when you just look away he just hit a leg. I swear bro. Every time I watch this game he never play with. I'm like damn am I really hating? I'm like giving this back energy. Yes you because Like everybody, I swear I had like at least 200 dms like I know you watching turn your TV off so my boy can make a shot.


And I'm like damn, I thought about that T little B. Yeah I'm like with the curse on my point. Damn. Damn I, I would like You, I would be a fan. I just saying I never seen him play good. Yeah man, I don't know it it looked like big fella. He was a little tired. Yeah Bro. Yeah, at 15 to seven he Looked a little tired That his Last college game. What Did dude? Yeah he I, oh shit he 32 So he got another year. You A wiper? He done? Nah. Bullshit. I about to say. Yeah he done what? How did a little dude do though? Tom Pepper. Oh he just solid. Cool. He ain't do nothing crazy. Yeah, He, he had a solid game but Because I stopped watching when everybody told me turn my TV off. I'm like shit. He was four for 12? Yeah. Ah yeah. Like bad But nah man, Florida.


Y'all think they got what it takes take care of Houston tonight. I I'm about to stop down in Houston at this point bro. No. Okay. I ain't, I told you it's a year of the cougar. I'm click down It off the court. I OGs That's The perfect name for that team Cougar. They got show heads on that squad but I just told you it was that year bro. Okay. I seen it from the beginning of the year that people they got in the transfer portal just fit what they wanted to do. Coach Samson got them dudes believing they still running Miles nobody else in the NCAA running miles. That is Crazy. Nobody else is doing that. No. Said nobody Do they need to bring it back Obviously working.


You see how they, you see how they bought in? You see how Duke crumbled? Yeah. Because they ain't run no miles. Nah, I shouldn't say that. It Might be some truth today Though. Nah for real. The physicality too just look crazy. They Like a old school team brother. Yeah bro, Bro. Which they really are. They really are. And that's my problem with college basketball. They are Like You know No hey shout out to them. Shout out to even all the old heads we know that went to You know Houston. But that's like if we playing in the 16 U tournament bro. Bro y'all niggas are 20 bro. They Do guys, I One of they one of they seniors Supposed to beat us. One of the guys is a six year senior Bro bro.


The dude that Hit I'm well, well within my rights bro I can do this. This is legal. How 24? How old is j Roberts Age? Not specific. A don't even matter East. I'm not breaking no Rules bro. On man Cooper flag bro. 18 bro. Everybody, you feel me? P Pro everybody young bro. But respect the game as a game, You know what I mean? We On different time frames Bro. I need That's right. So shout out to y'all man. You know what make me happy for Coach Simpson, he was ahead of his time for the NIL. Now my boy get to read the benefits. He was talking shit in that place. He said hey we ain't play no bullshit teams all year. Yeah we locked in. He's old that though he deserve this. Nah, facts he do. Facts because Indiana hated on him. Yeah he wasn't doing nothing wrong.


Jwan Roberts 23. Oh yeah. Respect LJ Kry 23. Okay. They all well Right. So ain't mad at it. Yeah. Niggas is getting a section tonight To the wind. That's fire. That is hard. That's crazy because when I won I was really 18 Bro. Nah for real bro. Turned 19. That's crazy. What y'all do after y'all won? Nothing. Went back to camp. We stayed there. We went to campus In The Morning And we got to school. It was crazy but we just went to a hotel. We didn't do shit. But y'all acted a damn fool all year so. Oh we acted a fool when we got outta school for sure. But that night we ain't do shit. I wanted To ask you where y'all went at New Orleans. Ah yeah we couldn't do that. We yeah Y'all too young.


Yeah. Ah that's great. Nah, somebody gotta make the play for y'all bro. Alumni t in bro. We just wanna chill bro. We went to the hotel bro. Our families and shit was in the little dining room. That's all we did. Damn. So how much longer was you on campus after you won? We had to stay. Coach Cal was like, y'all gotta finish school so y don't mess my scholarships up or I ain't rocking with y'all no more. So everybody stayed. Yeah that's, that's what happened with us. That's What happened with us. Lock the door switch the boy The He said would not be able to call me again. Wow. So we everybody just stayed. Nah, Nah that's a fact. Thats what happened though. That's our wake forest. I mean I stayed some other people had dipped off. Ben Simmons didn't give a damn after that last cable.


That's her he lead. They probably Didn't say that to him though. He got Ben Simmons at LSU. You can't say too much to him bro. He sl His documentary is so far bro. Yes bro. He on a dock. He already wasn't all you gotta watch itt, you ain't seen it? Nah, I ain't seen it bro. He did have it Already wasn't going to school or nothing. He said I'm not here for This shit bro. Yes bro. That doc is fired. I figure that shit Out bro. Please watch it if you have His sister was a blueprint. She said yeah while he in school I might go talk to Jordan and Nike. She said yeah we are not regular Nigga got like a hundred million bro going into the NBA from Nike. And He said hey if y don't want me here on campus, that's cool 'cause I dip anyway. I really Be, I really don't care. Talk is Least he said I'm not going to class though. Yeah. Oh he said that. Yeah You Of time not here for this shit bro.


I'm here to hoop. Yes. Respect. I Can't believe you never saw that. So He never went to class? No. No bro. So how he Grades were terrible At LSU? He aint, he wasn't qualified. He But it was the NIL before that. Well You know they got in trouble right after that. I mean pre Will Wade they had some issues with His guy. Father was like an assistant coach or something. Yeah He was a coach. That's why he went there. Oh Yeah bro. He had a one A, he Had a white GP Bro. A one college the day After the game bro. College is so easy bro. He got his whip bro and slid bro. They were showing him leaving the camp bro you have to watch it bro. It's one of the best things ever. It is up there with like through the wire. I through the fire, through the fire.


Damn. It's the real through the wire on the low. Nah, for real though. I Got, I the Bassy bro. That movie was crazy. I gotta watch that. Nah be shout. I was a fan ever since bro. Shout to Visit. Yeah, that that's I he was been Eligible for awards. Yeah. Oh he is out of pocket Bro. Fucking And he used to kill bro. He was killing bro. They were so sad though. They used to get thumped but they be UK that year. Here. I'm here to kid. Why they Say that they be uk. Was they There with him too? Yep. Yes bro. Some people bro. Damn Jeff, you gotta watch that dog bro. Dude was an For all of post seasonal awards. Yeah Bro, I, he did not give a damn bro. Number one Nike came with that bag.


They signed that deal bro. I think on the dock he went to go see Adidas first and they wouldn't, They wasn't talking about shit Everywhere he went bro. Yes Bro. That's why he's a legend in my book bro. Signed for like 90 to a hundred million bro. Entering the NBA with Nike bro. True story. He Got, nah he ain't get that much of that signature shoe. Nah Bro he did. I don't know if it was that how He Got back. I think it was maybe nine to 10 off the, off the red Shit. No, no, no, no. It was bigger than nine to 10 million bro. May Would've had a signature Shit. I mean like yearly. But he got it back. What were, what were we Vincent at? For sure Go ahead. He could look it up while we shout To Ben Simmons. Man. Legend for short his time period. Yeah five year, 20 minute, 20 minutes. Excuse me. Yeah, Don't ever put that 90 on him like This. I thought he signed for way more than that bro. Nah, he would've had a shoe for sure.


Yeah He had a Shoe. I remember the conversations was nine to 10 of the stuff and then you, He could have went to 40. Shout to Ben Simmons. Man always get bad. That dog is amazing. That's way through life Boy. Keep going. Yeah bro, I hope no too many kids watch that dog because that's gonna fuck up. That's A bad example. Nah bro. Tap in if you can go do that bro. It's not robot bro. Do not bro. Bro. Ben Simmons is up crashing out if you Inspire athlete. Do not watch that. Yeah you gotta be six 10 point guard to do that. Ms. Simmons is on the max deal. Right. He changed his family forever. Why His family different?


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the EBA player props. New customers BET five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Be instantly. Take it to the Rack with Draftking Sports book where every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino when resorting Kansas 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


Yo what's good it is Jeff t from Club five 20 Podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite, they were Duke beat, Alabama, Florida beat Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida beating Texas Tech. What a win by them. Coming up big in the end. Now with my final four is set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Junior And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in a 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast foods Gotta be Wendy's right Now You can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here We go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh that's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh and he stumbles Oh Right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eat his protein packed OCO With 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos Stronger makes everything better.


Dash Pass has a members only deal for the 24 25 NBA season. They swoosh you save when any player scores 50 or more points in the game during the 24 25 NBA regular season dash pass members save 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Shay has 50 point games. So the A VP front murder might get you another soon. Use your promo code NBA 50 today after the 50 point game during the 24 25 NB. A regular season from noon to midnight. Get half off of an order when a player goes through four throttle and scores 50 points or more in a single game up to $10. Yes it's any player in any game but it's only for dash pass members now remember, sign up for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus exclusive perks like this one valid with use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game or eligible orders at participating. Merchants must have an active dash pass account in terms apply. Don't forget that's promo Cole NBA 50 valid for dash pass members only from noon to midnight the day after any player scores 50 points or more in a single game. Dash pass members say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off sign up for dash pass


2025 Hall of Fame class. We top out the poll a little bit but we're run through it anyway. Billy Don got in for sure respect to one of the best coaches in college basketball. Oh eight redeem team got in there. Now I'm gonna pause here and ask y'all question. What's better That oh eight team or that 2012 USA team? Mm Wow Can we pull up that 2012 USA roster please? That had Kobe on it didn't it? Kobe's on both of those teams. But I think the 2012 team is the one that had KD in there if I'm correct. I don't know. Yeah we did not wanna see the team. They just had. They are not on any all time list respect to them. I said Halliburton, I said no. Okay Hold on. Move squad. Hold on Mo. We need we need the Floyd General bro.


Tap in. I feel it. But the best ever, he can't be on there out of pocket. So that 2012 team come on you had Tyson, Chandler, Russ, Brian, KK kd, James Hard and Dar Williams, Chris Paul Mellow ad and Iggy Squad. That's a squad. Go back to the oh 18. It goes To the oh 18. I'm cool. Shout out ad my boy was on there at 19. Nah for sure. You gotta respect it. I remember I some about maybe Cooper getting on that team that went last year. Yeah. Yeah but it was quiet for that. You go to the oh eight team. Couple differences. I'll name a couple names that wasn't on the other one.


You had Boozer. Who was on the oh eight team? My boy Michael Re was on there. Tayshawn Prince J Kid and Bosch. I'm gonna take this and Dwight too. Yeah I Probably like this team. Nah, I like, I like 'cause they got KD on the other one but they don't got, who is they Center? Tyson Chandler. I'm gonna take Dwight Howard over Tyson Chandler for Sure. I'm taking the team with kd. Yeah, I Was gonna say that on this team too though. He on that one. He ain't eight. Ain't nah That's too young. Oh Yeah, J kid And that oh eight team boy. He be Gimme 2012 D Wade and Kobe was going crazy. Carmelo Anthony, he on Everything. One of the best oly of all time.


You know the vibes. Eric, USA, James Harden and Westbrook. Yeah. Darren Williams ccp. I'm gonna go with the other team. Yeah, that 2012 team is different for sure. Yeah but man, shout to to him getting in there. Sylvia Foul, Sue Bird, Maya Moore, Dwight Howard, ed Carmela, Anthony all got in. Shout out to those individuals for sure. But let's get to some NBA action. Last night you talked about earlier MOOC belt a ass situation. Lakers took care of the Thunder Luca with a 30 ball 1 26 to 99. Luca had 37 to six. LeBron had 19. Austin Reeves had 20 and SGA even though he didn't get no free throws still had 26 N nine yesterday. Now the Thunder have lost their last two games to the Rockets and Lakers by combined 41 points. Is he just saying they just ready for the playoffs or this is something we need to look into?


Bad timing, Bad timing to start tapering off. Bad timing. I don't know if they wanna play the Lakers bro. Bad timing. No bro. Is that a bad look for them? Let's go to the standards. It is Bro. Bad timing. It's a scary team. Especially when you got the best player on the opposite team. You know what I'm saying? Shout to S-G-A-M-V-P for sure. But I don't think any of us up here is taking him over Luca Dantes. Mm. So you got the best player with the Lakers and then you got LeBron. It's gonna be a lot for the young boys overcome but obviously they might have to see them to probably the second round but man, but That Lakers Warriors match up it, it's gold and it seem like they can't get away from each other. Yeah Be and the NBA don't want meant to Either.


It be, it's meant to be bro. Let's, let's just get it, let's get it going Brian v US step. I pray it ain't the Lakers Nuggets though. They Going, You don't wanna see Lakers Nuggets. Hey The Nuggets. I'm sorry bro. I watched them yesterday. They, they sad bro. No are you saying that because they, because the pace be on Mo. Nah, they they are sad bro. Yoki has to do everything for them Bro. Yeah, I don't wanna see he has To do everything. I don't wanna see that. He gotta score rebound, he gotta do everything bro. He didn't even wanna pass. Nobody the ball 'cause he, he was just looking like can't none of these niggas do nothing if Murray ain't out there. Yeah No place. He's just really good bro. That I hate an MVP but that's another We'll talk about the last show but in the West man like is the scariest team. Yeah okay.


I ain't gonna say the best but the scariest team, you look at the Thunder at one with 64 wins, Rockets at two with 52 Lakers right there. Third spot with 48 Nuggets with 47 as well. It's like we said at three through six. Well really seven realistic. It's a two game win streak. Hey the Lakers gonna win the West. Hey Shit. Excuse me. The Lakers gonna Win it. Lakers gonna win the west. Are you On that? I ain't Mad at that. Yeah I ain't either but I seen some, I seen LeBron describe their rotations And I said man LeBron can get them to do that for four quarters. That Lakers gonna win. I ain't met at that bro. Man Because they got two offensive juggernauts three Really? 'cause Austin Reed can go for 20, 30, 40 points any given night. Yeah. Not everybody got a three piece like that.


Yeah. Yeah. Look at I think the Warriors are sad but They kinda are. If if Steph not killing Yeah and Jimmy Butler don't shoot the ball bro. For whatever reason he don't shoot the ball a lot. He not be aggressive bro. Man. You said you said the Warriors He pool Pool. Hey I watched him yesterday. They kind of are bro. Okay. Hey your clippers are snuck up. They in the fifth seat. Yeah we just, we just happy to be there. Four game win streak. I like The Clippers too. Nuggets on a four game lost streak too. That's nasty work as well. But yeah that's a hell of a matchup in the first round. I Don't know man gonna have to see the, that Laker shit looking good bro. They might come out that west bro Way. I like the Lakers man. I'm not a Lakers fan. Them jerseys as weak as hell but I've been watching bro.


I'm like dude they kind of sad bro. It was kind of sad. The Nuggets is sad bro. I swear to God they are. Okay We gonna talk about the Nuggets too. I'm Them they rolling with the Lakers out the west. Okay For sure. Let's move on. You talk about it Steph man got locked up yesterday Hill to three points. Career low Rockets took care of business yesterday. 1 0 6 to 96. You know they was a little bit shaky for everybody. Fleet was hurt for a minute but the Rockets have been rolling man. 15 to the last 17. Yeah. Looking good man. Brooks went crazy. Dylan had 24 yesterday. Jalen Greed had 21 and five. Sha gone balled out with 19 to 14. Steph only had three points yesterday, one to 10 from the field. One the eight from three and Jimmy had 13 to five. Man, is this just a bad game for them or we gonna show some respects for the Rockets holding it down yesterday.


Respect to the Rockets bro. But and a playoff series bro. Gimme Steph Facts. I a lie of Dylan bro. Brooks one of 'em. He's a game changer bro. His energy Okay. Memphis should never let him go bro. Nah they shouldn't have. We Talked about That. I was watching yesterday bro. He he one of them pieces you kind of need on the team. You know why you Memphis shouldn't let him go 'cause he was always the villain. Yeah so it made Ja. Yeah look like the good nah say look like the good guy. Not as much on the good guy but it wasn't so much because You know Dylan Brooks was gonna do some bullshit. Yeah. Facts to keep the heat off of Ja Facts. He just played his role perfectly and Ja come over like chill bro. He don't got nobody to deflect with. Like somebody talking crazy to Ja.


Yeah Ja gotta defend himself. It's not saying he can't but Dylan Bruce used to go in and them their elbow and get ejected. Yeah for sure. I don't think they realize how much he meant to they team bro. Yeah they don't got nobody to step in for him like that. That's A, that's a hell of a take t. I'm rolling with that for sure. Listen man, show some respect to the Rockets that got a chance to do something. We keep doubting them. They could climb back up to two right now. Like we said locked in possibly with the timber wolves. I think they might get that serious. You know I like, I like them against the timber wolves But then that second round matchup is where it could get shaky. You Know why I like them though? 'cause inmate and coach facts and he gonna make game plans like he'll trap you. He'll do whatever he want.


Like he, he don't care. He talking he not like a shit. Yeah he do. Yeah he be talking crazy. He not a traditional bless you. He not traditional NBA coach like some people got the same game plan. Game plan. We gonna ice the sides, we going weak in the middle, whatever it is. He like shit we gonna send a ball screen And we gonna trap Anthony Edwards everywhere he catch it on the wing. We just gonna send a double. He don't care. Yeah he coach like that. He really coaching. Yeah. Nah he Really coaching, he like coaching the win. Most people just got the same game playing. Hey we ing on the side, stay with Steph. If it's over fight over screen with Steph, blah blah blah. Yeah we gonna put two on the ball with Steph. Maybe Dre mom make a decision, blah blah blah. He don't care. He'll get the ball out your hands Steph Star ice on. Go get 'em like thanks.


I like, I like, I like his style. Yeah that's very interesting. Say the lot coaches stick to their disciplines and they, they philosophies and know being much in situations if you that adapt has been situations definitely gonna win. For sure. Yep. Super Chat asked Mason sold me Yo Teague is PM's little cousin for the record. Love y'all Hawks teams. Hey y'all beat Brian at six both times and yeah what? What the Celtics have to do to fumble the repeat this year? Oh you talking about but I'm guessing Paul Millsap Little Closer shots of Hill but for the Celtics to fumble injury, unfortunately if somebody gets injured there might be a chance but I think other than that it's probably, Yeah He's probably built to ask going forward.


Alright Jay and the Super chat asked. I playing on the team with Josh Smith and the Rick yesterday hits homies trash. He need you on the squad. Alright Josh be on the game. I'm about to hit him up man. Oh yeah, he told us he was good man we gotta see if it's Cap or not. Rodney Spears and Super Shot as Jeff pulled out the black BGA shirt for the fest. Oh yeah. I told you that's my a thousand dollar shirt. It gets worn. It is through now though. He's, he's, he's done fact, Somebody calling that out. He, he's done now. I retired him Dreamville Put it in the Raptors Store. Yeah. He no more dream there. Yeah, I got three, I'm buying three more shirts Man. This nigga, Anybody wanna send me some fly designer shirts or some quality sheet T-shirts.


They going on tour with me. I buy three a summer And I shirt And I wear 'em to all events. So last year Balenciaga made it through a whole year. So yeah, he Definitely turned that mother fucking to a hoop, hoop tee. That dream. Yeah, I can tap in. We did sponsorship. It it is, it is definitely over for that shirt. I retired, I left it in the hotel. Oh Man. Shout out to that shirt On the PO one day. What's talking about all the things he left in the hotels. Does the jersey hangers? Nah, retirements for Sure bro. For sure. Patriot took care of dunk yesterday. 1 25 to one 20. Joker went crazy yesterday, man. 41 point triple double like you said Mo ball out 15 rebounds.


13 assists. Chris LeBron bought out yesterday too with a 30 piece and eight rebounds. He had 10 points in the fourth quarter. Made a close game. Yeah. Shout to the patience for getting that dub hollered. Burton had nine and 14 yesterday. Largest stat's Up There? Yeah. Nine Because he had 14 assist. Oh My fault. I didn't see That. Respected. O Top has 22 of Miles had 24 as well man. But the Nuggets four game Skid man. What they going to do? And I know DeMar Murray didn't play yesterday. I know it as a big, You know what I'm saying? Push for that team. Oh. That's why they lost. They need him bad bro. Yeah. And he, if he don't hold up, they in trouble bro. I think he will bro. If, if he twists the ankle any, they are in trouble. The Season's over y'all. I think we putting a lot of emphasis on this shit, bro. Nah, it's playoff time. Yeah, but he supposed to be at your best.


Huh? Oak is Really cold though. He's nasty. He almost beating teams by himself bro. He's MVP. This is amazing to watch bro. Bro, He's Cold here they go. Oh, I watch bro. He Has no help bro. If, if LeBron gotta give me 30 Christian whatever his name Christian Brown. Yeah, brown whatever. If he gotta gimme me 30 for us to like, he had to get that 30 And he was hoopy Yesterday just for him to compete. We in trouble. We just wrestling to the playoffs. He went 1260 Yesterday and three for three from three. He was balling didn't miss a free, they missed four shots yesterday. He needed every bucket just to make it a good game, bro. That was a fact. 41 triple doubles crazy. That's crazy bro. And he put Team N PJ man n BJ didn't have the best shooting. I mean six for 14 ain't too bad. But yeah, one for nine from three is not good.


But He gonna work Man. We talk about this nugget scene possibly like you said with Jamal Murray in full strength. Man. Could they sneak somebody where they at right now with the Clippers? Yeah. They, I don't think that's the best matchup for them. I nah, they can beat the Clippers Bro. They can, but it's not Shit. The white big zoo been playing. I ain't saying he got enough yo. But bro, they, they gonna be easy, weak bro. It's, it is not gonna be easy against the clippers. Jamal Murray playing y'all. It is. If Ka come out, out on some bullshit, bro, they, they could lose to the Clippers. Kop been hooping too. That's a, that's a game. That's a serious go either way. But I wouldn't be surprised if yo is Jarvis 50 and 50. He, he's going do that all 15, 10. Yeah, he's gonna Cook. That's gonna happen no matter who he plays. Yeah, if you look at the role players or the Clippers and the role players for No I ain't saying role players, but you take out the two stars take out Kauai.


You take out, yo, Now you look at the rest of those rosters. You got James Hard, Jamal Murray, You know what I'm saying? They might put up comparable stats. Yeah N peasy. He might be the, he might be the deal breaking that situation. I Hit some shots bro. If he hit shots, they, they different teams. I love the Clippers bro. But I mean the Nuggets Championship Pedigree. Yeah bro. Bro that was a different team bro. I like, They don't got, They don't like KCP No more. They don't got Bruce Brown no more. They don't got KCP no more. It's a different team bro. We're okay That Bruce Brown No Y are not, he was playing good for Them bro. No don't start Marx. Yeah like don't Give Bruce Brown no love on here. If you Do You care. But don't start that pace of shit. He ain't On Nuggets bro.


He was killing. I said that he was. I said Bruce Brown was nice. They bro They they were mad they traded him right now or let him go away. Not trade Him. Shout to Bruce Brown but it's quiet. Hey shout to Bruce Brown 'cause he helped us get Pascal aka. So he my dog forever. We locked in Twin. I appreciate you but like you said man late, he pushed man Yoki, I'm sorry He broke Wood Chamber's record for most MVPs in the season by center man. And he gonna be what? I don't know where he is all timeless but he's gonna be Triple double Bro. He's gonna record. I was like most MVPs Triple double with my apologies. I said doesn't make co MVPs. Sorry. Yeah He killing so much. Everybody's like you gotta at least do CO MVP bro got, he gotta have a part of his MVP got To Kg, You know what I'm saying bro you gotta at Least, nah nah, I don't give a fuck what KG talking about.


I'm not holding no truffle with no nigga bro. But he killed, They not making What? Fuck just give it to the Joker then bro. No as G Got sent this one out 'cause this Nigga y'all already told me. Sit out one more time. I'm sick. Sit down. Try get next year. Last year was His year though. He shoulda won last year Bro. Last year was his year. This year. His year. Did Y'all see the coaches get the co VP who in college basketball? Patino and s head coach. I guy Bruce per league? Yeah. I don't wanna share no trophy either though. Sweet Bro. Either one or didn't. Yeah that's A ass. I'll take a call. Both Of them the same type of nigga though so they probably like, bro we did it bro.


Pearl that nigga the Same lineage on it off the court bro. So I get it but nah bro, if I'm SGAI am pissed if I got a cheer bro. He's playing better than you bro. Flat out he's Bro. Now we looking at the Eastern conference match up on time please. I think the patience right now are is against the buck still. Oh yeah. Please stay there Now let's talk about Giannis. Hold on now because people been writing me like, nigga you disrespect Yon, you Right. 'cause what he been doing these last couple games is amazing. Hey, what he did over the weekend? My bad. Yo, he is cold bro. Yeah bro. The whole team bro. I watched, they putting a whole team on him when he's playing.


He making a right pass. He really throw dimes. He's making a right play every time. And then he dunking. Hey he's he's silly bro. What's that game he had over the weekend? Bad. We Had like 30, 20 or 17. I sorry. Yeah, That was my bad. YII disrespected you And Loki. He, he kind of like Lokey looking geek to the play where he can pass by what he want to Oh he's throwing Dimes bro. Oh he's, this is, it probably ain't the dream scenario but this is where he thrives in. Yeah. He's like all right, I get to do everything he Is killing And I, I apologize, I'll start my team with you. I Apologize. He's nasty man. I'll, my team. Yeah, I apologize Bro. Shout out to Yanas balling for sure, but with not Dame. Yeah, we'll see y'all Pistons.


Y'all ain't ready for this conversation yet. You know what I'm saying? Get Well Soon to y'all, y'all gonna have to deal with the Knicks, but yeah, I like this for the Pacers. We ready for whoever we good money. Yeah. Speaking of the easy accomplishment, You saying bro, I can't wait to the playoffs story. We're winning the First round. I can't wait to see bro every day when we the Wait thank, I hope they lose the first round And I ain't no place for haters. No worries bro. I ain't even actually, But I ain't no hat. I, I wish the worst for y'all but I ain't no hater. I played for the Pacers so I'm, I'm I'm loved You always say That after a my, I'm beloved by the Pacers faithful Voice. The pacer always a pacer.


Every time we lose I'll post a picture bro. So you tap into the Pacer C you literally give more praise to their medical staff than the actual team. Best Medical staff in the history. Best medical staff in the, That's the only reason why this nigga is locked in semi because they revived his career Best. Literally best medical staff in in the league bro. Shout to the face. We good muddy for sure. But speaking of Eastern Conference, the Cavs took a L yesterday to the Kings 1 21 13. Jack Lavee balled out with 37 D had 28 s seven Sooni had 27 9 to seven. Don had 19 six and 16. Moby had 16 and nine Mook. I see some mic comments. You was talking about the Cavs on the internet.


Man They not, they are mid bro. I'm Telling they They're Cat, they are mid bro. It's Darius Garland for me bro. He's good bro. But he just, I don't know, he just not, he don't move the needle bro. Mm. I'm sorry bro to be my second score behind Donny. Donovan mentioned I need something else bro. Sorry. Nah, I'm nothing bro. I can't Do it. Watch the games bro. I can't agree bro. I'm watching the game. I told y'all they gotta always combine for 50 points. If they don't combine for 50 points, they not gonna win there. There's Gar a rhythm player bro. He need the ball more. Donvan Mitchell got that pill a lot so sometimes he, he, he can't catch his groove bro. It's hard for Him. And if I'm not Mitchell Yeah, you go get your touches whenever I pass it to you.


Exactly. It's my squad. I don't know. That just ain't a, I don't like that fit bro. That regular season is cool but the playoffs, it ain't gonna work bro. Man They got combine for 50 and Darius Garland average 20 points a game. But it is a, I ain't gonna say it ain't a convincing 20 points Like he cold but it just, it don't move the needle bro. Like You know like he good like Darius Garland is good but his 20 points is gonna be a Like yeah he just got it. Like it ain't gonna be an impactful 20 bro. I'm not gonna say impactful. I'm gonna say like he gonna have, he gonna have a bunch of games where he might have a 14, a eight, A seven, then he might go off of a 38. Oh He's gonna have a crazy game where he go crazy. Yeah, but he's gonna have a eight Ball but he have more games with 12 points and 14 points than he has 38 and 39.


Well they For sure can't afford that in the Playoff. Yeah. And I can see it's Gonna happen though. He Can have games like that. And You look at last night he had nine points in 30 minutes and then Ty Jerome had 20 and 21 minutes. I don't need, I shout out to Ty Jerome, but I need that from Garland bro. Yeah, it's just different. I need it from him. Yeah. Four For 13, go cut it. I can Get 12 from Ty. Jerome, I need 24 from you. Most definitely. They Got a combine for 50 though. I don't care how they get it. They got a combine for 50 for them to win. They have to. Bro, they could not stop Z Levine. DeMar Rosen was going at 'em too so Most definitely King's in the playing right now. Man, that's Exciting. King's in the play in they had a hell of a season but they right there a nine Matchup gets the Grizzlies.


Who the win one off Man they fuck around and beat the Grizzlies on accident Bro. Gets Cold. Real. I hope they do. That's the BS about the play in Somebody gets sneaky. Hey because Zach Levine is a problem bro. And Saboni they a Problem bro. Bro. I hope they beat him and You know why? Because I just wanna see what the hell happened in the off season. I'm for all the bullshit. Yeah, they fired The coach. Yeah, we fired the coach gotta go now we gotta get rid of Ja and when Ja go play for the who they gonna trade Ja too. I like Phoenix. The Kings better than the grill. They Phoenix legit. They gonna put John Phoenix ain't gonna trade Bradley Bill a bunch of people. Brad ain't Gonna sign. Ain't ain't trade Bradley Bill Somebody else.


He gonna be Brad. He ain't going to Phoenix. Brad is, he's thugging him right now. I Love it bro. Y'alls to Brad Bill. He's a legend. Y'all said John brand about to be in the portal. This office these is crazy too That first round. How how long they gonna let you keep not winning bro? Mm. At some point they gonna be like all right now. Nah, it's just that they changing everything around him. Yeah so whoever But if he was to run to the finals real quick he'd be cool. Yeah I mean he still might be cool. I mean he the guy but I'm just saying the way they moving changing stuff, They coming for job bro. Yeah I can see the writing Man that is tough for sure.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff t from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite, they were Duke beat Alabama, Florida B and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players and Florida B and Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in the 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in Fast Food's gotta be Wendy's right Now you can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior Bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to Friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method to send the money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's Tough. Jim looks like a five Trip load. At least he grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh and he stumbles Oh Right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed Ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple Zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos Stronger makes everything better.


Dash Pass has a member only deal for the 24 25 NBA season. They swoosh you save when any player scores 50 or more points in the game during the 24 25 NBA regular season dash pass members save 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Shay has 50 point games so the A VP front murder might get you another soon. Use your promo code NBA 50 today after the 50 point game during the 24 25 NB. A regular season from noon to midnight. Get half off of an order when a player goes through full throttle and scores 50 points or more in a single game up to $10. Yes it's any player in any game but it's only for dash pass members now remember, sign up for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus exclusive perks like this one valid with use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game on eligible orders at participating Merchants must have an active dash pass account terms apply. Don't forget this promo code NBA 50 valid for dash pass members only from noon to midnight the day after any player scores 50 points or more in a single game. Dash pass members say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Sign up for dash pass but some more games from yesterday.


We'll get through 'em. Nick took care of the ceilings yesterday. One 12 to 98. OG had 32. My boy been bawling man. My boy been hooping for sure. Bridges had 22. Kat had 19 to 13. Brunson came back with 15, book had 40 yesterday though in spite of the loss, the Bulls took care of the Hornets. 1 31 to one 17 Kobe White, 37 5. Josh Giddy. 23, 10 and eight. Mark win at 22 and nine bro. Hey listen The Bulls bro. Kobe White be killing bro. Be white. I told you the end of the season he the best player in the league. He do it every year. You can't trade him bro. Free Kobe White bro. The realist. Nah, every time he do that, every year he be, he'd be just okay during the whole season.


Then that last two months he go crazy And you be like man he the future man can't trade him. Gotta give my boy a chance to hoop out somewhere else man. For the real Can't do that either. The Raptors beat the net one 20 to 1 0 9. We don't care about anybody in Notes game so we'll move on. The Hawks beat the Jazz 1 47 to 1 34. Big O hat seven's A lot of fucking points bro. That's a lot of points bro. One seven. The Game 1 34 is more impressive 'cause who the hell scored that team. But Reon bought out with 23 N 15. Kyle Sexton had 27 is six. The Celtics beat the sleeves off The Wizards yesterday 1 24 to 90. Peyton Pri had 20 and JB had 15. I imagine they all played super limited minutes 'cause it was definitely an ass whooping.


The Blazers beat the Spurs one 20 to 1 0 9. Shayn Sharp had 21 and 10 and Castle had 22 and seven. Devin Ell had 21 to seven for sure. The Bucks took care of the Pelicans yesterday. Gary Trent Jr. Balled out yesterday with a 30 ball. He had 29 and five and KPJ had 28. Alright Mook man how you feel about Jamal Gibson? Man? Who? I don't know who that is. Oh Yeah, Master P went found him in a portal. We talked about him on the pod. Man He 27. 27 he Did. He didn't play basketball. Yeah so it's yeah a unique story. He dropped Outta high school bro. Dropped outta high school, became a tattoo artist. That's why he got all him tattoos Bro. I'm not recruiting him bro.


Nah, he ain't not too many tats on your Facebook. Nah, he was a tattoo artist. I'm a Little scared bro. Nah, Master P went found him bro. He at New Orleans now. We Gotta chill out bro. His Freshman we do a lot. Tell him how much You average last year. Freshman year in college. He average 2115. He Should he 30. He the same age as me bro. Fuck I got a couple years left. I got three left No matter bro, Come get me. You did it the wrong way. You supposed to drop out a pike. Y'all fucking with that man. Start doing. Yes, I'm fucking with it 'cause the story is fired in me. Nah, I like the story but that's crazy bro. Bro. Like we said bro, what it up on campus bro? Tag everybody up bro. Get 20 and go home. That's fire 20 Boys now Pete. Get him on the free throw line. 50% from the line is crazy.


Oh God, You too old. You get the free throws bro. For real. Outside of that man I, I love the story. I hope him, I wish him all the best percent Take that much time off from hooping and Then come back and kill. How y'all criticizing all these kids for being old? What Did you say yesterday? Him? That's a good point. Nah be him made a good point yesterday. He ain't started his journey to like the rest of 'em been playing basketball. He quit basketball, quit Basketball. He started his journey bro. He he Never played. He quit. He Didn't play basketball. He hooped Somewhere outside something he used to hoop and he gave up on that shit bro. At that point you done bro. He, he did not come back at 28 bro. He was a tattoo artist bro. He ta he dropped outta high school Mo Where was he playing Out outside.


He plays over. He no, first way he hooped kids Gonna get back outside. But he tattooed his way back in. He paid for himself to go to college. That's If I take, if I take 12 years off of playing basketball And you, You shouldn't be able to 'cause you're 30 now bro. It's a, it's a age limit on this shit bro. That Crazy. Oh no it ain't. Y'all are so crazy defensive bro. No I've been saying it's an age Limit. This, if you've been playing basketball all these years nigga and you're 25 still playing for Baylor and shit in the league. And I come in playing for New Orleans And I 30 And I took 12 years off And I kill you on my mama. You sad You're grown bro. You sad bro. You grown Bro. You're sad.


You sad For real. 12 years old Know what he been knowing. He been hooping. Hey y'all About tell me he ain't got nowhere hooping hoop out with The mini fuck with me. Hey okay. He probably be hoing them kids though. He Ain't scared of him bro. He looks crazy Bro. Not because he, look I'm saying he boom out there. Hey Hold my mama boo. You gotta be fucked up if feel he's killing, he's killing. I don't like his game though but 12 years off, No. Okay. Yeah he little rusty. Hey that dad that a rebound behind back being the clip is crazy by The way. Master P going to hell for This is crazy. What are we doing? And this look like shit. This like shit bro like, Like some shit from the seventies.


Nigga got juco. Man Man That makes me even more of a fan. I swear a guy p Please send me a jersey on my mama bro. I'm supporting him a thousand percent if you that nigga y'all supported a nigga cock bro. So if I stopped he didn't play basketball since he was four bro. It's A nigga in the CA tournament right now. Who has a chance to win a national championship with two teams. Nigga you're too old. He won in basketball. I took 12 years off bro. 12 years off. I went to go Yetta hoes bro.


Bro got a scholarship from Master P I'm nothing at New Orleans University bro. Bro Hell no. If he has a good season bro. Y'all got him fucked up bro. You 30 bro. 20 expect Bro he get to graduate from college bro. He, I fuck with all that but you should not be out here playing basketball with these kids bro. You are 30 bro. You still League. He there 25 right now. We not, we don't care that you took 12 years off. That's on you nigga. No You shoulda Kept moving bro. They get to do that at BYU though. Yeah they yeah they go on their, That's different bro. They didn't come back with face Tags and all this judging Bro. That's For their religion bro. That's Different. I mean he had did that when he was 15. That was his religion bro. He For the Lord. That's for the Lord bro.


It's Different. I'm doing it for the culture. They're scared of him bro. Hey I love seeing move turn into the OG because he said Ian Jackson Cut his hair face. Oh this is crazy Bro. Got when he was 14 he talking about Not my face bro. People make decisions bro. Not on my face bro. He was a young, You were judging him bro. He was a youngster bro. He Got, I'm nothing bro. If I'm 25 years old and I've been playing basketball my whole life and I'm in college and this nigga come up against me and kill me bro. Remove me from the draft roll bro. Oh god bro. For real. We Had a great conversation about this on the pod. Man. That's drop us today at 12. Please tap in. We gotta move on with man. Shout to about get Man.


I swear to God I ain't gonna Lie. That's my ear bro. Bro. That Is crazy like a bro. He got sleeve his teeth underneath the jersey. Bring Somebody like this. I say what we doing? He Got a Next strip on or is that the head? What is that Headband? He a og. I I ain't gonna lie, he scared the shot. He Scared the shit out of me bro. That's why he gonna kill. We Need bro the show. That's my favorite player to the best shit bro. Brought pistol to The game. I'm Scared of him. Favorite? Yeah, favorite Player. Lock in with bro for sure. Shout out to him though. Couple games now. Wanna see how I feel? Kings at Pistons. I'll take the Pistons. Yeah I'm gonna take the Pistons. Okay And then 76 ERs at Heat. Heat and last but certain not least National Championship.


Where y'all stand tonight? We gotta make a call be here. Who you got tonight? I I'll take Houston. I rock. Nah nigga Houston stay over there. Oh okay. Rock, They beat, they beat us so I gotta rock with Deal. Okay I'm Going Florida. I'm Rocking Florida man. I got the hat on today. I got he for sure. Alright, verify buckets. Who was getting to it this weekend? B Here N Kobe, white man. 37 to five. Best player in the league at last two months of every year. I ain't mad at it. Who Better Kobe White or Quinn? Grimes. Quinn Grimes. Kobe White? Yeah, Kobe White Quinn Grimes In my book I'm going with Quinn Grimes. He the best super guard in the league. Yeah. Oh Man. Five 20 ground. You know the vibe more important than all NBA baby. That's crazy. Teague, what you got?


I'm gonna go with Nah I'm gonna go with Giannis 'cause what he did this weekend was impressive man. Nah you back to being my favorite player boy. That was cool. 36, 15 to 10 he back boy Cold. That's what Joker did. He had a 30 20 game. Yeah so Yeah 30, 35. Yeah. Bless you. You back Boy Mo. Who you got Going with the MVP man I'm going with Joker. 41 15 to 13, 40 point Triple Dub bro. Just had a 60 point triple double For sure. Man. I'm gonna go watch a Clay Man 34 piece over Auburn. He gonna get that nasty little chip tonight for show Get Well Soon be here. Who needs some encouragement this Monday morning? Kevin Hooter Hutter. Kevin. Kevin Herter. Herter? Yeah it got a little spell check in there.


Hmm? Hey Stephanie Keon Seth McKeon plays Bro. Lemme see how you did that. It was nasty. I put that in your Back. Yeah, I'm trying to Bow he a Step in, step out go through That light crazy Though. The right on the left hand side too. On A terrible angle. I'm but to hold the hand like that Very disrespectful bow any a, I ain't gonna lie. That look kind of awful though. Him and them white jerseys. That just Stone. He look like that's crazy. He a buck though. I Forgot he was on that team. Boy give welcome to the Bulls for sure. Yeah. Damn cash. Alright. Rob Drape ine Bonner Get Well Soon.


He caught boys Lacking he punched on him. Hmm. Hey he got, he jumped so high. He the Best downhill player in the league bro. He be jumping Off a trampoline bro. Nobody score going downhill. Hell He bumped him before he jumped Bow. Excuse me. Hey Look at, look at what's what's my old head? The coach on the Sixers right here. You seen he gonna tenset up. Oh right here. Oh Rico OG Rico go back again. Oh shit. Like you said Jeff always at the bitch. Oh Shit. Now listen, if anybody get in trouble for laughing, what happened on Six Bitch? Yeah all right. A lot more things to worry about. Hey why is he We Rico we caught you.


Ooh Yeah. Yeah he punched that Coach can't do that though. Coach gotta just chill Rico we caught. You Just I'm human bro. Yeah, Coaches gotta stay professional bro. Bro. All The things, all the things they went through to season Luke bro. They can laugh at that bro. Lock in Baby. He said oh shit. Skills in development did not help me. A whole team injured. He, he held it together good Though. Oh shit. Caught him off guard For sure. The final two get well Suits. Where we get outta here today man? Seth Curry last night. Three. It's not enough Steph. Three points career low. We know what you do man. You average 41 last week but Three points is crazy. I ain't mad at Steph bro. Yeah bro. He had shot enough. He has made enough. He's good bro. Yeah Atlas certain least good boss on the Duke man collapsed man.


Hell season man. National player of the year. I'm so glad y'all lost Cooper Flagg man. He did well bro. I love to see Duke losing Big, getting zero rebounds bro. Yeah the world is a better place when Duke Loses punch Him. I'm so happy Duke lost. For real. Yeah It looks so good when y'all was walking off that floor and just crying. Confetti. Even better. Being in North Carolina seeing all the Duke fans say it made me happy bro. It made me wanna go out. Hey If they ever do Hakeem like that again though, hey my man, get on the court. Don't you ever disrespect Hakeem Lomo like that ever again. Come on Man. What we doing man? But what like let's be real like what coaches supposed to do? Like the coaches didn't disrespect him at all, You know? But I, the Security needs it's A game man.


They they doing they job bro. Fire Him bro lot tomorrow bro. He may. Houston bro. I mean on the court bro. I'm my mama, I'm a king bro. That's true. That's a very distinct individual. Yeah, he not smart. That ain't Mugsy Bowes pulling up bro. You Know who this is bro? Yeah bro. I'm on the court bro. Hey look, Hey bro, ain't nobody gonna kill. I just can't allow it. It is like dude that was working Ville. Yeah, facts. Yeah but respect to us bro. We not, That ain't the old school. McKim kin would've snuck Slapped the shit outta him. The nigga don't play. You know him from that lineage too. It would've came, would've crashed out right there though. That'd be fire. If we'd haul off a smack buddy, It would've ruined the celebration. Yeah, you can't do that back In the moment.


Bigger than hell Just chill. Let us talk shit for you came just Chill. Let's hit the locker room. Hit the showers. Okay, Sorry. Nah bro. Turn up bro. That your shit be Houston tonight, y'all. Oh that's, that's the play. Be Houston tonight. Yeah, for sure. Aw man. Alright we go see man. Listen, we appreciate y'all. We got a dope episode of Club five 20. Dropping today at 12:00 PM Tap in. We'll be back, same time tomorrow. Five 20 In The Morning. The Volume.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method to send the money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


This podcast is supported by better Help offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone, or chat. Here's better help head of clinical operations. Hess hug Joe. Discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off And you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit better help.com today. That's better. H hlp.com.


Are You still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report


Diets and Watson's been making meats and cheeses the right way since forever. What's that mean? It means never cutting corners ever. It means cooking, not processing. It means our Virginia brand ham that's cooked to perfection then twice baked to layer the flavors. It takes more time, but you can taste the difference. We come to work every day to do it the right way, even if it's the hard way. 'cause if it's not right for us, it's not right for you. Diets and Watson, it's a family thing since 1939.