
Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything, even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop With Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what choice Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere and boom, you realize you're missing a part. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay, they've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


Now streaming on Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. We Have to catch this serial killer. I don't care for Foot And created by Ben Watkins. This thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. Clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I know I can't 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video Watch now


Shop Dell Technologies's Black Friday event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core ultra processors. Black Friday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade but it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit snh u.edu today to get started.


The Volume, Good morning. Happy Thursdays five 20 In The Morning. We are here to keep you up to date. Everything's sports related, especially basketball. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. I got my Esteem co-host with me here this morning to my left. I got Bishop Hendrick to my right. I got my brother Teague Fellas, how y'all doing this morning? Cool and nasty. Let's get to it baby. Mm, cool and nasty. Let's get to it. It. Who made the tagline first? Me? Y'all know bro, if y'all been tapped into five 20 Bro, niggas love being Milli Vanilli bro. Love been tapped into the club. Five 20 y'all. Those Raps are not his raps. Y'all know how I started this. Come on man. I love this. We ended the week off crazy.


Listen man, if you went to the Wizard Spurs game yesterday, you got your $4 worth, we looked up the tickets you could get in the build for $4 and they damn sure put on the show yesterday. Oh my God. Come on man. 1 39, 1 30 wins. Spurs got the W yesterday Wemby with a light 50 piece. Man, please tell me y'all saw that game. No, I, I didn't watch it. It was a two B original but when I woke up I seen Wemby went crazy and I seen Jordan Pool went crazy. So that's one of them games that I would wish I would've seen. Most definitely. Like Wemby dropped a 50 piece and we gonna break it down too but shout out to Jordan Pool a smooth 40 piece yesterday. Gotta show some love that was putting on the show yesterday. But listen man, 20 years old, the fourth youngest player ever to dropping 50 piece only lb.


Brandon Jens the different booker did it. And listen, we talked about some of these people who drive 50 at a young age. What was more impressive Wimpy's or Brandon Jennings 55 piece. Brandon Jennings. He did it his rookie year. That's very true. Early in the season. Two early in the season, rookie year. Nobody really expected him to have moments like a 55 point game but to draw 55 in like your six or seven game, that's impressive. Yeah that was a hell of a confidence builder for him and it was swaggy how he did it. Yeah, most definitely. Now obviously we ain't gonna put too much on the Spurs, but what's one player in the league or young talent? We talked about this a little bit, but who would y'all like to see play next to Wimpy? Who is the young talent if, if hypothetical It don't matter how it work out.


If we could put them next to Wimpy to see how they could build together in the future. Alright. Called it yo, I told y'all if if Lalo gotta go, that's where he needs to go. Lalo San Antonio. Yeah That's it for me. I'll go with Trey Young just because he from Oklahoma and San Antonio, Oklahoma. Damn near the same place. Push The agenda. Low key. Nah, Low key. Yeah Low key. That'd be fire though. Him and Trey would be, that'd be fire. Trey play with nobody like that And he did a lot with what he had. So for him to get somebody like that, like Wemby. Yeah that might turn up. I Mean and respect to Clin Capella. But we seen what Reon did with a older clink Capella. Yeah. You give him a young Wendy. Oh yeah. It'd be dangerous for sure. Facts. That's a crazy game though. For $4.


If you was in that building you came up yesterday. Oh you had a hell of a night. You had your money's worth. Oh you had a hell of a night. I'm nothing. Y'all don't ever gimme no $4 ticket. I am. 'cause I probably walk down. I definitely walk down if it's $4 tickets, you know it's some empty seats down low. I'm definitely getting it at least a second one. I had a $4 ticket. I ended up with a 200 seat. If You, if you think you gonna be at the top of the arena and gonna walk down. Ain't no way bro. No nobody's that lucky. I I just got call. She, that's how easy to do. She is a scammer but shout out to she with the Finesse. I used to do that with the pacer games. Buy your family $4 tickets Man. Walk down. Wait, wait, wait.


Walk down. So instead of getting fresh to family tickets, you was behind. We ran out. I I'm from here. I need 35 tickets. I bottom nose bleed. Just get 'em in the bill. They'll walk down. Ain't nobody here. We playing Charlotte Hornes ain't nobody here. Now my question is That's crazy. I know obviously the media fan but how the hierarchy goes with that? Who gets the fire season? Who just gotta get it out the mud? My that. So that's how I did it. So they can blame everything on my mama and daddy. I just be like hey y gotta hit my mama and dad up. They got the tickets. Oh that's light dude. Yeah take all that off. Take all the words off you The tickets. I ain't got 'em. That's like we licking somebody. They be like hit my, hit my line bro know ain't got your phone number. I do that all the time.


Hey I catch Up with you. He good for that. I will catch up with you. Call Me hit my ig. I don't, I ain't check ig He's filthy. They be all the guests that don't get off for the podcast but I hit Jeff up. Like what? You didn't hit nobody up. I me You didn't hit nobody up. For sure man. Shout out to the Spurs. Hey Giannis man. Trying to get back to it Almost dropped a 60 piece yesterday. The OT win yesterday against the Pistons crazy game. It was a lot of good basketball yesterday. We caught that a tuby class yesterday. We had to messed up. That was definitely should have been a prop time yesterday man The Pistons a lot more competitive than we get them credit for it. I told y'all the Pistons was a good, I'm never, I'm not really off when it comes to basketball too far.


I told y'all Piston was a quality like they a good enough team to compete every night. They just as good as the Pacers. I said that what they sitting there like five and eight right now. I don't know why you keep bringing us when Brandon the Pistons, you don't have to do that. I'm just saying they y'all lost to the magic. They lost to the Bucks. That's later in the show. Yeah, I'm just saying. Ooh that is Na. That's too well the magic way better than the Bucks. But respect, I mean 59 14 is $7 to be honest Is fire though 60 for 17 free? That's hell Of a Game. I ain't know he shot from the pill like that. That's pretty decent. I wanted to ask you this completely off topic 'cause you was around when this was happening, like when y'all was going, you know what I'm saying to the chip. I remember like early in the playoffs, Giannis couldn't hit free throws at all. Yeah. And then by the time that got to the Eastern conference finals it was, it wasn't a problem no more.


Like how was that live of adjustment to see 'cause when even when he got to the finals, like everybody was the ten second rule taking forever but he started hitting that consistently. You know what's crazy And I ain't even trying to act like I, I helped him make free throws or something but I used to, I was a, you know I'm a stupid dude, I'm a jerk. I'm an asshole. I would run around, I wasn't playing. Yeah. So I would run around and he'd be shooting free throws working on this shit and I'd just start yelling 10, nah hey s like doing that shit. And then like I kept doing it every day thinking it was funny and thought it was funny. Then he was like, I didn't do it one day. He was like yo, keep doing that shit. Keep doing that shit. Like I'm like oh damn. And he started like speeding his shit up and he started making them.


It's like nah. Yeah 16 for 17. It's crazy. So Yeah because I remember that was his cri, that one he was like you build a wall shot, its make him beat you at the line. And now he getting 59. I'm sure he did hit too many three. Like it's just crazy to see the transformation for two threes. Come on bro. That's tough. One three, you want one For two? Honest of my boy a training fee? Nah, hell nah. He was, he the real let the shooter. Nah hell nah. Now we getting to the, okay now we see where it happened. Now This is where Lethal get the gimmicks from. Nah, Ain't say that. I just said I was yelling at 10. Nah he shit. Oh okay. Lethal Tap in All that work was on pause. He put all that work on. So I wasn't doing no mechanics, none of that shit. Oh. I ain't know Yos was in there shooting the Har Bros in Milwaukee like that.


Okay, now we get to it now. See he Gets the voiceover. Yeah. Oh God. I was the voiceover shit. That's crazy. But the game was ridiculous because the first quarter he was the only person to score. Right. Phil go for the Bucks. He had 22 or 24 points. Like he was on a mission last night. But man come on man y'all just, y'all just deserve some help. I know Dame wasn't there but come on man. Yeah when you playing like did you get 60 pieces just to beat the Pistons because the game was absolutely crazy too. Shout out to K Cunningham. We gotta show him some respect. I know they ain't get the dub we say that again but consistently playing great basketball bro. Yeah he, he be hooping Shout out to Ron Holland. Boy Tough Nick Anderson. That's tough as a rookie boy. I hope he bounced back. Yeah but he missed the Courtney Lee layup and then, and that call was crazy too.


To be real. The end of that game was crazy. You get K Cunningham falling down, finding somebody to get the shot, shot the running three to tie the game up and then for them to call LA Foul. It's crazy like Ron Holland a rookie getting a superstar call. Guess Giannis is crazy. A rookie messing too for he damn air balled the he from Rim shit was scared as hell. I been there before. That's tough man. Now he got tap in with you bro. You gotta fix the free throws bro. Nah, he was too scared. Well he probably like 19. He was probably, yeah He probably never been in that moment. Hell nah. So crowd going crazy. You can win the game And simple as simple as that. I, I'll ask you this, you know being at the line of intense moments, that's gotta be nerve-racking to say I don't care how good you are at Free throws bro.


When it is intense situations bro that's gotta be a little, it's gotta be a little bit in your head. I love shooting free throws. Free throws was easy. Like I would rather have a free throw than an open three to win the game. Damn, that's interesting. Yeah you know some people I shit free throws shit. Okay now open three or you gotta hit three free throws. So with the game three is tough. I ain't gonna lie. If you gotta foul on a three like to tie the game up, I ain't gonna lie. It's tough like two, I ain't tripping. I can do that but that third one I probably be god damn my elbow get the shake and shit. I'll make it though. But Bet knees free. Throw one man be in knees man. But the way he shocked them, I knew he won comp and then you know when you missed the first one you start laughing and smiling and shit.


You know that second one it's a brick. He like yeah I'm cool, I'm cool man that shit broke. That's all good. He gonna get better. Yeah. Learn ruck. Learn Isaiah story yesterday. Pull Ys out the air. That shit was crazy. Isaiah Stewart to crash out. Nah for real he needs some black forces. You need to send him up to Detroit for sure. Yeah I don't know what Stu on man we got, we gotta get better Stu Stewart trying to fake LeBron today too. Elbow Come on man. They gone. Yeah. What's my boy Ivan Johnson? You bro. Straight up bro. Crash up bro. Yeah like what's wrong bro. Get some help bro. You about to be out the league. You cannot do that. Especially the Giannis bro. That's crazy. But it's probably some beef. Giannis probably said something slick to him And and listen, they made a montage last episode we was talking about, you know Giannis don't have a reputation, a dirty player.


They start going back and show all the fry shit Giannis does during the game. I don't know if he gonna beat them allegations so soon man. Nah Giannis G do some fucked up shit though. Yeah elbow nigga he do all type of crap. So he probably hit Stool one of them. You remember when he knocked out Buddy out the air Mike Dunlevy? Hell yeah. Yeah he was crazy. Yiannis crazy. Yeah don't Giannis is like that too. He African too. That warrior come out. Oh man the African warrior is crazy. Hey they said they need to set up a tag team match him TA and his brother versus the Yoic. Treman. Gimme yos now. Nah I'm going with an African every day. Nah I'm taking yo. Oh No the Yoic brothers club Up. I love, I love Dr Er.


I'm sorry for this take but I'm going, I'm going with Yoic now bro. They was finna whoop up on Morris. Yeah because the Morris ones ain't no play thing and it's all respect but they was, they was from like Yeah we here it. They was on that. They Was just drunk. Nah, some drunk seven footers bro. It might get wicked. What's the other Giannis? What's Gianni's other little brother Alex? It's 17 of them niggas. I guess That's a lot. It's 17 of them. Nah, He be, it's a lot of, he be giving a lot of Greek freaks when them shit come out. I didn't know it was that many G Tobias, this all type of motherfucker. Where the fuck Alice come real? He must got different daddy COEs.


There we go. Yeah. Coast Francis. Yeah it a book. Oh they might Small buck. Yeah everybody had a special guest Now he got the football last Name. Nah, nah now pull up the yo family. I ain't pull it. I ain't pulling up the yo family is Stephen Adams family you don't wanna smoke with neither one of them. Stephen Adams got 20 brothers and sisters. That is crazy bro. They're all above 6, 5, 6 8 bro. Yeah I won't smoke from YI don't even know how say Bru first name. I'm cool. I no Ra give me Sru over any over any optimal stru. That's a mugshot. No. Straight up Stru beat the sleeves off Ta. Thanks. I got TA for that nigga. S Strug is, nah I it's all respect bro. But Steven as playing bro.


His sisters won gold medals bro. Leave him alone. Yeah. Nah he got that ain't all his family. Them Are just the athletes. Them are just his the ones they know. Yeah, Them is just the athletes. They got 18, they got a real lineage bro. They Got em. Yeah. Nah it's real. All his bros are at least six foot 10 bro. Steven Adams family is coming through whooping shit. Yeah those were just the athletes. Oh My mom you gotta get it together. You fuck look at them. You don't even look tall next to them bro. That's crazy boy. Shout to that family boy. That had some boy, that mama Mm nevermind Queen Shit. That sister boy. She about six six. She a good breeder. I'm cool. What Bill be okay cutting him with her or Miss Trench One or two Miss Trench case.


Hey man, but that was a crazy game yesterday. Please get Giannis and Dames and help man we tired of these dudes killing themselves, making historic games just for them to be mid-level teams. Man that's crazy. But if you got that game on, on tap running back for sure Kat another day. People going crazy yesterday they lost to the Bulls yesterday 'cause Jaylen Bruss run down a shot but Kat does me does Best Man. 46 and 10. Everybody was getting too yesterday. I don't know what was in the water last night. Five bucket day every, everybody trying to make the highlights. Everybody going for going for broke yesterday. Dang. Nicks fall to five or six on the year man. Hmm. Shout to the bull. Zach Levine went crazy. Hey going crazy. He trying to, we talked about it.


He trying to get a New Jersey. Keep hooping my boy. You deserve to be free Trey. Deadline what? February? Yeah. Right before Allstar break. Yeah. He'll be outta there. You think he'll be outta Chicago by then? Yeah he'll be. He be gone be good and gone. He'll be gone. Welcome To La brother Or the Knicks boy. Get well soon. Which la? The Clippers or the Lakers? One of 'em. Ooh that's tough. I Like him. I like the Clippers though. Better than the Lakers. He'd be Going somewhere. You see Paul George got killed. He was just like, I didn't say y'all was the B team. Y'all just act like it. Oh wow he said that? Yes. Oh See he said about the Clippers. Yeah, he said I didn't say y'all was the B team. I just act like it. He said see Wow how that shit, I mean how that organization showed you love like that. See I don't know bro.


I don't fuck with that.


Danbridge Ember's NBA cup is here and you can win big. Getting in on the action at Draftking Sports book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in a single elimination and season turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the drafting sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the Draft King Sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right. Club five 20 CLUB five two oh and bet $5. And you can get up to $150 in bonus bets. All the on DraftKings the Crown is yours.


Now streaming on Prime Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't care for a foot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of speakers out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're Gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years known cross. I learned to trust his gut. Get inside his head the clock's ticking. It was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can't 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video Watch now


Shop Dell Technologies's Black Friday event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core ultra processors. Black Friday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade. But it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


TT Sports on True TV is here. It's bringing you action for some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There's also a newsletter of original shows of podcasts like the Steam Rub with EJ and Chuck and above the fold with Jemele Hill. TNT Sports has taken over prime time making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starting at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit sn hsu.edu today to get started.


Hey it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season. Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seed. I appreciate the support people. Keep that brazel. This will never get old. Use more nap kids. Okay this is starting to get old. Save on tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours? Restrictions and limitations Apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Yeah but I don't wanna see nobody to the Clippers man. But the Knicks, what they gotta do man I have no answers from That's them is his friends. This is game. Those are his friends. I dunno what they got do. They shouldn't trade. Dante, I chose that 18 was wrong when Dante left. But Kat been hooping. Can't say nothing about Kat. Nah. And I gotta ask this question. Forgive me if this is blasphemous but if I got 46, should I get the last shot? Nope. It's JB team move around. That's tough. I don't disagree. You go with your stars. But if I got 46 bro, I dimmer need to see that bro.


Like that's you dimmer hating. Like I know how hierarchy goes bro. But if I got 46 bro, I I should be, I could get you a chance to take us home tonight bro. But if you Yeah that's true. I mean it's situational too though. Yeah, most definitely. I don't know how the last two minutes of the game went I ain't get to watch. So if Kat wasn't really cooking in the last two minutes and JB might have had something going, they might have been like all we're gonna roll with JB going these last two minutes. I was gonna say I, I ask you that question 'cause you, you kind know how Tibs thinking those situations is he like that? Like I don't, I don't care how we got here. We still going with the bread and butter or he like oh yeah tibs going bread and butter. Okay, that sense. I don't give a damn sense. Yeah he going Jimmy ain't hit the shout out game Jimmy. He gonna draw that motherfucker for Jimmy. I gotta have 38 Jimmy getting that ball now I'm ask you as head coach Teague, what you doing in that situation?


Whoever hot, whoever cooking I'm going with whoever got the hot hand at that moment trying to get a bucket. Yeah I'm trying to win. I ain't really got no stars need this. Yeah. You know how I feel about, I still hate Paul George for doing that to Tyree. So I'm definitely going with Ka. Kat got 46 and got a cook unless Jalen Brunson got a crazy mismatch. If you's what you want. Yeah listen if it makes sense, I ain't never met a Jalen bru taking the last shot And the shot was a great shot. It rimmed out. Nah bro. Yeah He probably hits that eight outta 10 times. Nah He he lived for them type of moments. It wasn't nobody random, you know what I mean? It wasn't OG taking a shot so I fool with it random. That's crazy. The funny part is if you ever see like random montages like role players taking like last shots and it'd be the star players be in the corner pissed off.


Like I looked at Anderson ver I taking the hook shot for game and pissing off. Brian in the finals is one of the funniest clips of all time bro. Yeah CJ Miles, Nick Young, that's a lot of them that got him up. Tony Allen got a couple. Somebody need to make a full montage about that where niggas is just out of my not passing appeal Jeff Cat, he ain't deserve a rock then It's a lot. I'm to the podcast today nigga. I'm JB Whatcha talking about There's a lot of them out There. How was JB motherfucker watch out. Okay I corvin to called off Joe Johnson a couple times I got Hell nah, nah nah. I girl say boy ain't nobody call off Joe. Joe wanna talk to you for two. I See that boy Common.


You see Joe ignore you Joe. Nah no nah he on that. When you talking about MOOC Falling. I'm talking about yeah I'm saying Joe ignore you if you're pass him to Bar we can we went to Atlanta. He still ignored us. I can he ignore you for a podcast? Yeah, Here you go all the way to town. Go to Atlanta, go to ISO yoga. We drove passed it twice. He still would answer. He wouldn't open the door. We see him in the building. He switched the sound on us. He actually was stretching when we knocked on the door. He that is crazy. He still hit the lights on us but shout to Joe Yoga, yoga Joe. Man Shout to ISO Joe. Man yo Cavs stay undefeated yesterday man. Yeah good game yesterday. Davin Mitchell almost a Triple Dub.


2313 Best two guard in the league. Okay DG 25 and six Best back court in the league. Young TikTok Jerry McClain yesterday 34 and 10. Best rookie in the league. Awesome. Now you out of pocket. Who better? Who playing better than him other week? My boy in Memphis Young Wells. Hell no you Crazy. Fuck my nah ain't tapped in. It's okay. Don't worry about it. Nah that was a crazy game yesterday. Calf stay undefeated. Hey man Jeremy McCain just now getting his opportunity too Man. He cooking taking advantage of it too. I love to see it. What are you averaging these last couple games? Probably like 25, 26. It's up there bro. 13 and a half. But I know the last couple games he's been above 20 at least for sure. At least last two 13 and a half is a rookie off the bench.


Nah, Rookie last 27. Last four? Yeah. 27, 23, 34. Gotta respect it. 18. Yeah I 18 in there. Nah. Yeah ain't gonna disrespect. He doing his dig at 17 And them minutes. Look at those minutes. He just now getting an opportunity. Yeah. 31, 31, 30, 30 12, 12 Minutes. Best rookie in the league. Okay I'm rolling. Listen man I don't even wanna talk about the six. It's all my fault. The back to back situation. You know they didn't have nobody playing yesterday boy. He kept playing with the mic. Hey yo. Well boy he there. They said boy DJ love a two head twist. I said y'all wildly Shout to the queens So don't ever send me no shit like that.


I don't be looking at that nigga doing that. No crazy. I never even noticed that until just did some that. I mean what is that? They said I'd be cursing too much for the morning. You do? Yeah bro. Bro you was filthy yesterday Bro. I did not cuss. You were a lie. They were a lie. I only s when y'all brought up the fuck nigga. See, see No, but I'm saying besides that what Stevie did bro was not going crazy yesterday. Yeah you was Cussing during the show. We got a counter on the show now. Yeah you, you cursed way more than me bro. I you made me start cursing 'cause you was cussing draft. Can you shake the over under? Who? Cuss more between Teague and I know you fucking lying bro. See, see I boom I won't cuss the rest of the show. I bet you will.


Oh that's the bet. Who will cuss first him? I don't give a fuck. See because Y'all hear lying today bro. No way. I cuss more than him. Yeah, you like that's crazy bro. You like Lamar Odom Broh. Whoa okay Fuck the show up if you wanna not The do not the dog part. Alright hold off the court. Alright. You can't remember dj. DJ What got next? Okay y'all, Hey man Listen y We gonna move on to Cavs just a 16 minute man history. Go to 13 and oh their next eight games. I'm gonna ask y'all, we all feel like they might catch a L at next game. Verse the Bulls next game. Verse the Hornets at the Celtics verse the Pelicans verse.


The rappers verse The Hawks. I ain't gonna lie. They schedule week at the Hawks and then the cel. Well they got the Celtics twice. That's tough. Yeah. Yeah them Celtics games might be some tough games but them hawks bro. We ain't, we ain't no play thing bro. We we get, we might get a game. I hate that Home at home back to back stuff too. It is like alternate games. Listen man I don't, I think they probably lose at the Celtics 'cause I mean Boston's a tough place. Don't get a dub after for sure. Yeah but outside of that it could get spooky from them. Hawk Clearing. I'm telling you them Hawks on they schedule a week y'all. They have A chance bro. They really have a chance bro. Bro. The Hawks is they right Theory, they compet. They got a chance to be 21 and oh bro.


Damn something slight. That's a crazy schedule. I mean the cell because I think the cell is gonna get 'em At they Got a strong chance of only winning one or two games bro. Mm For real. If it's not Boston, who do I think could sneak 'em? All of the teams can get, you know any team can get hot. The Bulls like look at not to go ahead in the schedule we got on here but look at Portland beat Minnesota two times in a row. Yeah we ain't expect that. So anybody can get beat If it ain't, 'cause all these teams is trash outside have night I'll give a, I'll give it to the Hornets beating them Melo can get high. I might throw 50 on that. Oh that's in the crash out Parlay money line Hornets. I might throw 50 on that.


Okay Listen man you got respect what the Cavs are doing. They get into it Best back Courtney back right now? Yeah by far. By far for sure. Listen man the Sixers we keep talking about this, we talk about the the guards they got the rookie going crazy. Do they have enough time? I know we say this a a lot but do they have enough time to wait for everybody to get back? Yeah. Or is this to watch season? Because I've been seeing a lot of people say this is too early Bro. I've been seeing you know, early reactions of course is what we do in this industry. But people saying you know if it ain't, if it ain't looking great by game 25, 30 sitting in beat down. Oh yeah. If they can't get it together by 25 it's time they just go ahead and move on. If they ain't at 500 by 25 it's over with Sitting down for the rest of the year.


Yeah If by the first of the year they ain't at a 500 or they showing good pace or they're not showing good health across the board, you demmer might because at the what do you have to gain from it? Playing hard to get a plan and then you gonna face a really good team. He gotta play bro. I'm sleep on him just sitting just because we said Well he not, he not playing back Toback. They already said that's not gonna change Paul George maybe they changes but they already said how they work with him so if he ain't playing back to backs and PG ain't giving him enough to win and Tyrese Maxey gotta take more time to come back. It's a thought. 'cause I mean you, you spent a lot of money for him. Jared, just go to The NBA is trash. Jared Just go get rookie of the year man. Get your TikTok on. Yeah, TikTok rookie of the year this time. Dang that's crazy man. Get well on those Sixers.


Hey man, Brian yesterday got the dub yesterday Gets the Grizz, he's won 28 1 23. We know Ja didn't play but old man Brian Trippy dub 35, 12 and 14 light work. I know he bro hit on my parlay too. He went crazy. Hey guess You had a couple people covered for you yesterday but you had a lot of help. This shit was only what 13 points off on that par left. Y'all better tap in the crash Outs. Brian's special bro. You be that old bro and still hooping like that Generational Talent bro. Them boys is seven and fourish crazy bro. Yeah Brian Can't even hate on him for real. Nah and ad killing too. Ad took the backseat yesterday so it had 21 to 14. Like listen man still a team I don't want to deal with but I feel like they still need to make some more additions to be for real, for real.


Your boy West side connecting with crazy Yesterday too at 19 didn't he? Yes Sir. Him Austin Reeves made some shots. Nah, for real. Oh they scary. I ain't gonna lie. If they clicking like that they scary bro. Now on the other side of this conversation, you know shout out, you know what I'm saying? N Town's finest. Jerry Jackson Jr. He had their mayor 30 piece yesterday. Ja didn't play yesterday and they own, they barely won that game. Now I know wins the win however you get it. But it's to say more about Memphis and more about the Lakers. I dunno, I like it. Yeah. Straight up. I like the Lakers how they look though for Real. Too many capable players in the league. So when one, I mean obviously we know how important Ja is to Memphis but like it is always somebody can step up and have a night. It's just one game man.


So Scott P Junior had some success against the Lakers before he just didn't do it last night and he said he had his game circled. He said this meant a lot to him that game. So I don't know that came up a little short but a stat that we missed over the weekend I I thought was fire him and his pops was the first. You know what I'm saying? Father son do all to ever get triple doubles in the NBA. That shit kind of fire. I know we talk about the bro and LeBron stuff a lot but for you and your son nigga a triple double the league is crazy. Bronny and LeBron would never Would bro gonna get in that in that little arena. Wait talking about I'm still A NBA player South Bay. He getting in the JB Jam. Hey Bro, get a triple double in the G League. Do you know how crazy they gonna act? Oh it's gonna be unbelievable. It's Lit bro. Well we Know it's gonna be a home game.


I'm still pissed about that. YI ain't gonna lie. Broy James only playing home games as far, he's a legend. We talk about way more in depth on the podcast but the fact that he only play home games is elite to be still Respect. Lord, I had to ask this question man. I know who you feel about mj but if LeBron keep doing stuff like this, are we really gonna keep saying that he's not the goat? I just think it's just two, it's two different levels to me. Like I think Michael Jordan for me growing up it is just a different, like people wanted to be like Mike, I've never really heard nobody and I'm not hating, I've never heard nobody say I wouldn't be like LeBron. Yeah the the impact to me is different. LeBron's shoes is trash. It's a, it's a few of them that are cold but Charles Dom Kennedy, One through 18 of a Jordan sneakers, somebody got a pair of jeans on with those, you know what I'm saying?


So it's just, it is. I'm talking about off the court and on the court though and he just changed the league bro. I don't know. Yeah, For sure. I think the sneaker legacy like plays a big part in that too. And, and nobody ever catch him in that situation unfortunately. It just is what it is. They, you can't replicate the area. It's just different levels now. Straight statistical and hooping. Nah, LeBron for sure. But Yeah, the goat though, like when you say the goat, it was like nostalgia. When you, every time you talk about Michael Jordan you can go back to a place like, man, I remember when he did the Shrug or I remember when the Pacers almost beat him. Like you don't really, only thing I really remember about LeBron is like when he played Oak Hill and he got that dunk when we was in high school.


Yeah. And obviously people remember when they won a championship in Cleveland. But like any other highlights, I don't really like, I don't go to the moments. I don't really got, I got moments with Jordan though. Jordan was Michael Jackson. Bro. Those, when I watched that USA documentary, that dream team and this was before social media, how people was reacting to him seeing him bro. Bro, he was a guy. Yeah, that's different bro. And I think One thing that sneak here is talking about a lot is the fact that we saw Jordan make these historic moments in those shoes that made us want those shoes. Yeah. Like we like LeBron shoes, LeBron got some heaters, don't get it messed up. But we haven't seen too many moments that LeBron had those shoes on that made you say, I want those shoes to commemorate that moment. It's a lot of shoes. You can look back at Jordan's situation, but like yeah, I wanna live that moment.


That's why I love these shoes so much. Like them Jordan Ace the Aquas when he was in the Allstar game. Come on bro. Bro wanted them. The Colombians is about to come back out bro. He wore them in San Antonio Allstar game bro. Like those was different times bro. Yeah, I wanted them, this Is a different vibe bro. The vibes s even the fors bro. Him hitting the shot on Craig like at different times bro. The boy oh seven in the Allstar game. I wanted them. Yeah, come on Bro. Jordan always had the coldest sweatsuits like I don't know about this new Jordan. This new Jordan with them big ass jeans is crazy. But you know he's just, he's tapped into a different world so Yeah, he kept his soul patch out like oh my God I He had the Jacky line up. Yeah, but even when he went to the Wizards bro, when he was hooping in the suitcase Jordans it was different bro. Different bro that's And that's why I'm saying I don't think wore the cool Grays.


Yeah, I don't think LeBron has that type of impact on the culture. Nah, not that way. But from every another standpoint I gotta get respect for it because I don't think Michael Jordan had as much power around the league as LeBron does. Like I'm sure that Jordan could definitely swing some things his way, but LeBron has done a lot of stuff that I don't think a lot of people could have ever done bro. I don't think Jordan cared. Yeah. To have that power. I think Jordan cared about himself. Like LeBron kind of care about the better. Obviously he care about himself but he care about everything around him too. Right. He want his dudes to be lit like all his guys, he put all his guys on. Yeah. He gonna take care of the young guys too. He gonna make sure everybody, he gonna leave the league in better hands when he got it.


Yeah. MJ ain't give a fuck. Yeah, MJ said I come to get my check, I'm trying to win everything and then when I leave I don't care what the league look like. Yeah but it was in shambles when Mike left. Yeah. League was trash. Ron making it a better league when he leave so I give him credit for that. For sure. Most. And that's why I said you said it's level to that conversation because you just said Jordan was more individually based. LeBron like nah, I'm making everything better than I touch. Yeah. So when I leave everybody gonna feel my my void for sure. Nah, facts. But how long y'all think LeBron keep playing at this level? Man, two more years. Two more years At a crazy level. All man. I say LeBron playing for as long as he wants to at that level bro. For real. He's never seen nothing like it. We had never seen nothing else like it. He, he the goal bro, When it come to hooping and like longevity, nobody in sports ever can match him.


Yeah. Mm. Like nobody at his age ever played as well. Even Tom Brady. Yeah. He didn't play this well. He wasn't MVP Caliber playing when he was in his last years. He unbelievable. He never gets hurt. Crazy. That's the crazy part. Nah, he never get hurt. Super soldier LeBron bro. Bro. Something ain't right bro. Yeah, that's a different type of covid shot bro. I dunno what the fuck is going on bro. I need to know You threw, I don't even want it for me bro. I need, he just need to serve. I just need it like I need that X Man, whatever. Nah for real. He Wolverine bro. Xavier gave him but when we fight out Brian and Bebo, it's gonna mess everything up bro.


For sure. I wonder what's the longest LeBron ever sat out in the NBA? That's why I don't respect him Beat and him bro. This thing been playing last year with Dar 39 years bro. And still going. It's no way bro. Brian never Think he, I don't think he missed more than, I don't remember LeBron missing like 30 games in the season. 30 40 games all that one year. The Lakers, that Lakey year where they was trading everybody. Yeah. That first year in the Lakers I think. Yeah, when they was ass they had Brandon Ingram in them. Yeah. When he was trying to finess the roster for 80. I think he missed a lot of the end of that season too. Yeah. Brian Deman greatest athlete ever, bro. Crazy. His ankle was hurt. Greatest athlete ever bro. I really think Brian could have played football


Now. Streaming on Prime. Video. You Can call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for afoot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of stick out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of the masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldi Hodge is DC's funnest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut against inside his head. Clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can't because I know I him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video Watch now


Shop Dell Technologies's Black Friday event for their lowest prices of the year. The Future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core ultra processors. Black Friday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade. But it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


TNT Sports on True TV is here and it's bringing you action for some of your favorite leagues, including live games and events from N-H-L-M-L-B, US Soccer and More. There's also a new set of original shows of podcasts like the Steam Rub with Eja and Chuck and above the fold with Jemele Hill. TNT Sports is taking over prime time, making it your new destination for sports moments. Watch every night starting at 6:00 PM Eastern on True tv.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s hsu.edu today to get started.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season. Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seats. I appreciate the support people. Keep that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save the tagline. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours? Restrictions and limitations Apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


I definitely agree with that but he, he look at him his first couple year he played 79 games. Yeah bro, we looking through numbers right now. Games 79 78. Look at the 70. 71 year he played 62 with the heat. Could never put no smut on Brian bro. He played 45 Lakers LeBron 40. Yeah that when she got Yeah Laker LeBron wasn't, they was Tank too though. That's Covid though too. Laker LeBron Nasty work. And that year with the heat. I think that's lockout year. Lockout year man. But that's crazy though. 'cause LeBron at this point, the minute should have been tapered off the game. Should have been tapered off. He shouldn't even be in the sixties. And he'd be in the league Denver 25 years. Six LeBron legend man. Yeah. Shout out to bro.


Shout out to bro. Shout out to Lakers. A couple games tonight. Thursday night Football Commanders The Eagles. We y'all rolling with NFC matchup? Eagles. Eagles go with the Eagles. Okay. Turn up Mavs at Jazz MAs. Yeah, Mavs Jazz is asshole. Oh I gotta, we gotta talk about my dog. Chauncey Billups. They not that bad. Oh they record ain't as shatter as I thought it was. They got five wins. They they run up with two in the last couple days. Yeah, the last couple days. Cooper Flag is going to Utah. Oh yeah. That that's the, the pipeline is there. Yeah. Yeah. He Cooper flag going Utah came bro and he don't deserve that man. Not BU bro. Mant the Salt Lake.


Ain't no good shots on BYU campus bro. Bro you can't go There bro. He can't import. Nah bro. It just, it's not worthy bro. I mean he, he gonna be in heaven. Nah bro, That's all they think about Now I got you are crazy. Shout to Brad Davies. Did y'all see Cooper's Spur game against Kentucky? Oh he killed 26. Oh nigga in the game got wicked. Yeah, he them two possessions. He, he got, he don't got no bag like that. Mm. Like he ain't got no moves bro. And he get some moves bro. He just like an energy player. Disrespectful. Gotta Keep horn. Yeah, he like an energy player bro. I ain't lying. He play hard. He got Athletic.


Nah, energy player is crazy bro. Did you watch the game? I watch him play bro. He's not no damn energy player bro. You, he got a game bro. He got a clip bro. He got a motor bro. He Gotta pull up bro. Play hard. Yeah that that's, that's his the best part about his game, his motor. But to say he hoop like Tony Allen is crazy. Wow. Tony Allen way better than him in college. All right bro. Tony Allen was filthy Oklahoma mistake. Not Even Tony Allen was A go go tap in. No disrespect bro. I'm telling you Tony Allen Had handles it. He is a better all around player bro. Man He's 16 So that ain't his problem bro. Yeah, power To his. But what I'm Saying is like shout to his breeders bro.


He can't ice, he can't iceo nobody. Who Cooper? Yeah. He gonna have to develop that that I feel confident he's gonna be the number One thing. He got that Giannis kind of game bro. Hell nah. Yeah They use their athleticism. They energy their motor. This Yiannis has 59. You think Yiannis ain't got That's now bro. But I'm saying like he really has legit game. He can put the ball on the ground bro. He got a pull up jumper bro. It ain't consistent like that bro. But look at what he shot from the field. That's one game bro. It's in his arsenal though. He's athletic as fuck bro. Super athletic bro. Crash, crash. He Crash for boards. What the shit name? Cannis don't have a Pull up energy Player ain't Giannis don't have a Pull up.


Most definitely don't. I'm sleep. He an energy player bro. Sleep bro. He shoots the basketball way better than fucking Giannis On super bro. I mean so we gotta move on. But still saying Cooper to Utah. That's the play right now. Yeah. I Don't give a damn where he go. I hope it ain't there. That's crazy bro. No buns in Utah bro. They going Tim Tebow you. That's crazy. Listen, verified buckets. A lot of people was killed last night. Who was getting to it B here. N Well I'm I, I ain't on this list. I'm giving it to Connect man. My boy had 19 yesterday. West Side Connect. Yeah, west Side. Went to West Side Connect bro I'm going with Giannis 59. Man that's tough dude. How you supposed to bro? Hey man, Wemby had 50 yesterday. I'm I'm high Wemby. I gotta show respect also another person who's skin the game.


Shout Jordan Pool ball 42 piece. You gotta show love. Yeah. Fuck I got Giannis crowd though there. Yeah because bro, look, look what they did here in the first quarter bro. I gotta carry out by myself bro. Two points. Ain't nobody else get a bucket bro. Oh for 12 they hit free throws. That's crazy bro. That's nasty bro. They Said They making Giannis earned that money up there in Milwaukee bro. Oh God. Kat had 46 10 yesterday. You gotta show respect for it was too many verified buckets. The league was popping yesterday. Yeah. I gotta ask back when you was going like younger in your career, you know 30, 40 balls is their mirror taboo? I mean it happened more often than not but now we're seeing people getting 50 pieces. Well we see war people getting 60 closer or like higher points like that because obviously as the league is going, defense is going down as well.


Everybody's shooting threes. Yeah, three balls would change the game. You had 50 when I first came in the league. Boy you killed because we weren't shooting that many threes. Yeah, but now it's more common. People shoot way more threes people shooting 10 threes coming off the bench. Yeah. Like you know what I mean? He got Peyton Pritchard man he probably average 10 threes a game. That's crazy. He coming off the bench and he's killing, he's another person who, if he was on another team he could definitely have some more opportunities to go crazy. But I'm saying he probably have a 50 point game if he was on a different team. Do they do coaches value that though now because of three? Well I'm just saying 50 points like, 'cause I mean they're like all right if you get 50 I'll probably get you some more minutes. But everybody's like, it's an opportunity league now. So if you play, you might get a chance to do that. I mean 50 is 50. I don't care how you get it straight up.


It is some value in being able to score the ball and getting that many points. But I mean it's more common 'cause they shoot so many threes. For sure. And last but not least, man, we got your love the old man LeBron man. 35 point trippy dub. He was getting to it yesterday. No, For sure. Listen lot success yesterday. So people need some encouragement to be here and get well soon. Who needs some encouragement? This wonderful Thursday morning man. Everybody but yo on that books roster y outta pocket man. I don't know what they gotta do. I'm blaming you Doc. Be him. You right there with me, bro. It's no way bro. Y ain't making no adjustments bro. That's that's crazy bro. For him to have to play that hard. It's, is it is insane bro. And I just wonder how he talking to them in them huddles.


I know he talking crazy in them huddles bro Got to bro. Unless he don't care. But I think that's I Doc don't care doc about to go to the front office. He about to pull up, what was that Brad Stevens? I ain't getting fired. Getting transferred? Yeah he about to do a Brad. Yeah, Brad got transferred bro. Why they trying to guess that ja stuff bro? I ain't even say get well soon. Ja. Yeah they, they try to put Ja in the blender but that one man, what happened? What? Ja Somebody hit a three. They say you he hit the blinky. That ain't the hey guy. That's definitely a blinky. Yeah, I say that's a three to hear Lord. Or Or that's a pistol. That nah three is like this bro, That's a, this is, that's oh oh seven.


Yeah that's a shoot up thing. Hey yo chill man. Ja Ja ain't on that no more. Get well sooner. See your ass down somewhere before they make up something. Shit. He can't do nothing man. Him being on a straightened arrow just chilling man down. Oh my was since Jared McClain yesterday played a great game but what diving Mitchell did to him to end the game, that snatch back three to go ahead and put the game outta reach was very disrespectful man. Welcome to the league Ru. Yeah, welcome to Best two Gardner. The league don't worry about having to the best of us all B hit. Devin Booker did that shit to me in the playoffs. Damn. But I spun around, tried to block a shot. Damn Luis find a clip. Nah, don't clip that. That's crazy Man. And then he started talking shit.


Fuck you out here for Devin Booker said what? Yeah, I locked in the God end this season for you blah. Undercut the shit out. Shit I ain't playing for nothing. You See what I did to Bra, I ain't playing for nothing. I ain't playing for nothing. I on my way out. Yeah I ain't no deep book talk like that. Nah. Deep book talk shit. Nah, he be talking crazy. My fault just not to look at My bad. Nah. Deep book talk shit. But nah it was a good move. What's the fuck you doing out here? Said damn Stupid. I just ran back, Ran back, ran in my head. I said all that shit now Mike pulled it up on the screen, undercut this shit out you but damn. Oh damn Not. Oh it's got that motherfucker got motion, shoulda got Abo hat on it.


That Motherfucker got motion But look they gonna get me switched on. Look at me now you switched on argenx tough. Hey look at a ain't talking about shit. Okay, roll Rotate you on campaign all that. He said nah, I'm setting the screen. Oh shit. Ooh the contest was there though. That's I had a bad niece. Damn. Motherfuckers spun to around like Dwight Howard and dancing with the Stars ain't it? Oh that's crazy. You don't wanna be like Dwight, fuck y. Why y'all always finding the clips? That's a good move. Shout to Deep Book man. Shout out to you on my highlight. Be here. You almost got to people some money yesterday. What you got for 'em today? Man they trying to go to the weekend. Solid.


Shout out to the game man. Get rid of our asap. So tonight is light. So these bets are for strictly for tomorrow y'all. We doing Minnesota. Mm over the Kings. The Warriors over the Grizzlies. The Clippers over the Rockets. The suns over the thunder. The Lakers over the Spurs, the Wizards over the Hawks, the pistons over the Raptors and the heat over the Pacers. Throw that a hundred in grand total of $59,552. Y'all we locked in baby it's over. This is her last weekend in the house. I swear to God bro. It's over with. Say the grandson one more time for the people. $59,552 bro. And 50 cents bro. Get her ass outta here immediately.


So if you win, tap in bro. I pull up to your city bro. I say fuck them bro. Yeah take a PTO day so we can celebrate bro. To Thanksgiving single rocking will be here For sure. Listen, we appreciate y'all new episode. Dropping today at 12 Cub. Five 20 iso. We know y'all been asking about it. We appreciate y'all rocking with us. We had a crazy week, we enjoyed all of it. Shout out to the team for getting a tech coach technical difficulty taking care of. See I had a difficulty myself technic, I gotta get hell up outta here. DJ need a bouncy ball. I need a couple things right now. Hey shout out to the chat man. Patreon subscribers. Yeah that's nuts. Patriot Subscribers. We talked to you earlier before the show. We appreciate y'all tuning in Live chat. We appreciate all the interactions man.


Y'all keep us going. We got a couple minutes for him right now. Freaky Mike. This is where Wicked early in the week. We've been testing out DMI too. Shit Fooly. Damn. I'm glad we at the end of the show. No song. Here we go. Glad we at the end of the show. We really did. That shit in the middle of the show. Fucked it up. When Mike got on there, they ruined the show. They called dj the Tbu Chi be Chico Beat is crazy. Shout to who? Is that Holly Mobile or Hollis Mobile? I can't see Turn. The. Volume up Turn The Volume up. Damn bitch Hol Mo. We got a Android Good dj A fidget spinner.


They say Freaky Mike interview is crazy. They say he on the spectrum man y'all fuck damn well we calling Freaky Mike. Hell Alright. Tucker. Him on your ass. Be a bigger shirt. Shout out to Tucker. The B. Yeah, shout somebody sent us some money. Shout out to the homie. He be showing love on Twitter. Hey shout out to bro man. Shit. How we get it? The Hawks need more love. No they don't. Nah. Sport page shout Tre. Young Bro. Love BY nigga. Yeah, what's Up bro? Send five to the chat man. We'll shout y'all out man. And we a we a Zoom with y'all so. And 25. Jeff shout you out on Instagram.


Yeah, We like undersized on the practice squad. Yeah. Patreon Five star. We do. We do live chats. In, The, Morning on Patreon. Tap in. Send us some money in the chat. We'll follow you on Instagram. Aquarius boy Aquarius. I know you Young. You send money in the chat. We follow you on Instagram. Aquarius. You send enough I I'll zoom you. Oh that's nasty. Thousand dollars for nasty. Thousand dollars for the Zoom. I'll play 2K with you for $500,000 put on live 4k. Fuck you said I was dressed like a cam counselor. Why you want me to slot them Miami my boy? Relax. Oh he you out. Same name Twist.


You start putting numbers out there. Relax. That's wild. Y'all crazy man. Listen, we appreciate y'all rocking with us. Have a great weekend. We'll be back on Mondays five 20 In The Morning since one 50 we play y'all on 2K. The Volume.


Hey it's Kevin Hart and this basketball season Chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seed. I appreciate the support people. Eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tag one. Cash back like a prop With Chase Freedom Unlimited Chase make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank and a member FDIC.


What's good Justin Jefferson here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway, the holiday season is here. That means that it is time to start doing your holiday shopping this holiday season. Shop in store or online and get great savings on holiday favorites like Royal Dance, Danish butter cookies. A signature select LightUp, retro ceramic tree, Sylvania mini lights, village candles, and multiple scents. Pokemon Scarlet and Violet card sets and more off ends December 3rd. Restrictions apply. Promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com. For more details.


Hey, listeners, have a gamer on your holiday gift list, but you're still not sure what to get them. Head to Lenovo to shop unexpectedly. Great deals on tech this season. Gift your number one player with a brand new pc. Help them go beyond performance and game without compromise with Intel. Core I nine processors. Gaming happens with Intel. Shop now only@lenovo.com


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa, when she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the stable boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.