
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay. It's for clauses. Get filled with statement pieces and vintage vs. Or must have sneakers wait for you. And Designer handbags are the real deal on eBay doors. Open to stacks of the rear trading cards in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do-it-yourself. Job eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Shop Dell Technologies Black Friday event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core ultra processors. Black Friday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade, but it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at Dell dot com slash deals. That's Dell dot com slash deals.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from The Today Show. Nobody does the holidays like today from festive performances and great gift ideas To tips for the perfect holiday Feast. Join us every morning on NBC and make today your home for the holidays.


The Volume. Good morning. Happy Thursday. It's your favorite sports show. Five 20 in the Morning here to keep you Up to date, everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Joined us morning by my tools Steam Co-host. On my left I got my brother Bri Hendrix. To my right, my brother t fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up Brody? What's up? How y'all doing man? I know we listen man. We was grinding last night. We got a great episode. Dropping today at 12 PM Eastern Club. Five 20. We was in the in the lab late last night. My boy t got the breakfast here. Man, I wanna ask y'all. I'm 50 Tyson. Oh. Oh, that's, that's a hell of way to start your day. Listen man, we always, you know what I'm saying, using that DoorDash, get us some breakfast. What's the best like breakfast you can start your day off with?


I focus with Chick-fil-A but I usually, if I'm on the fast food tip, it's a sausage egg McMuffin with a hash brown inside the sandwich. Oh, is that custom? I don't eat pork so I used to love the, when I was young, before I stopped eating pork, I used to like the sausage croissant from Burger King. Mm, That's a, that's a slapper. Yeah, I gonna say back in the days that that bacon egg McGriddle used to do numbers for me when the McGriddle first came out that was gun smoke for show. But listen man, oh the McGriddle had the syrup in it, right? Yeah. Little little mini pancake freaky Sandwich. What's The, what's the, what's the place I be getting the chicken and waffles from?


Ocos? Nah you're not Chicken Scratch. Nah, nah nah. Chicken scratch. Yeah chicken scratch. I like, I like they joints Shout to six and scratch. I need you to know what I'm saying. Sponsor some breakfast around here. Five 20 DoorDash is paid For more than enough. But listen man, some crazy basketball last night. A lot of built to ass situations. We gonna start with first things first. LeBron got smacked yesterday. They got 40 ball yesterday in Miami. I'm saying well I know we had some opinions about who was gonna win that game but damn we didn't expect this at all. I told Y'all man, those niggas say Bro, I told you that it was Miami. That boys went out. You said LeBron had the party. I mean he still had 30 but it didn't matter. Yeah, I mean you know LeBron just trying to get his stats for, for show now. Oh damn.


Your favorite white boy man, Mr. Consistency down in Miami. Yeah, 31 and five Tyler Hero Seven threes, you know what I mean? Third quarter Big big day for my God. Tyler Hero. We looking like we trying to make the Allstar team on the low. It Is dead. It's low, it's very, you know what I mean? We might get there. He On a max deal though, so Care. Yeah, he don't care. But I'm saying I think you know, if it's a random that they throw in the All Star man, give it to my favorite white boy man. For sure. I mean we'll talk about later in the show, but if it come down to Tyler Hero and Jalen Johnson. Oh Jalen. Oh no. Okay, okay. No disrespect For sure. Now listen man, the Lakers obviously they got some things they need to address. Let's start here.


Who, who can we blame right now? I know we like to play the blame game. It ain't always right players. The players right Now See you might have a different opinion but Yeah, probably the players, I mean y'all play shit Coach coaching, honestly, coaches can only do so much. You can try to put people in the best position. You can try to sub think who gonna give you a spark or whatever. But you can only do so much. The players gotta play the game. Like I could put you in a formation or run a play, but you gotta be smart enough and have a high enough IQ where I could make adjustments on the fly in that play. So coaches can only do so much. They can only put you in position. They can't play for you. For sure. Man, listen, I only brought that up because you know the coaches situation you look at last year, I know Dham got a lot of flack, but them, them Numbers is looking the same.


The Numbers is the math. Look starting the math and you know we giving JJ some graces, he's a first year head coach and we know that ain't the prettiest situation to walk into. But hey you was talking all that talk. Look what Look what they look like right now, man. LeBron's the greatest player of all time to me, him and Jordan, however you wanna do it, go back and forth. I ain't getting into that. I don't care. But nobody's gonna be able to coach the Lakers till he leaves. Hmm. Let's be honest. Like you gotta, he's such a polarizing person and player that you gotta adjust for him. Mm. And you gotta do whatever your philosophy it has to surround bro. And y'all might have different philosophies and that's okay. But while bro's there you gonna do it bro way.


And JJ Reddick might have a different philosophy from bro. So he not gonna really be able to show what he can do as a coach until bro is gone. That's interesting. But he wouldn't be the coach for without LeBron. I was getting ready to say that's the crazy part about it is he probably wouldn't have a job without LeBron's blessing. Facts. Facts. Now you look at that team and you say, I see JJ was talking about, all right well I'm gonna go through the players like we, we feel a little disconnected right now. I'm gonna go through and see what's up with everybody. I think the player in him, that's the smart idea to say, all right, I'm not blaming nobody, let go tap in with everybody, check the temperature and see how to adjust from there. I thought that was dope to hear him like adapt to that situation. But also at the same time, listen man, expectations, expectations. Whether it was Frank Vogel, Darvin Ham, you play, I mean you coach for the Lakers bro, they don't care. You better get some results in. I just, I think he just understands players better than Frank and darvin him though.


LeBron just trusts him more so I don't think he'll get the same criticism you no fuck him being white or whatever. I just don't think he's gonna get that same criticism as Dar ham bro. It's literally clips of Dar ham saying alright guys get in there and kill them niggas Fuck It bro. The clipboard be upside down. Yeah bro. I think D him was like knowing D him, he cool dude but I think he probably was trying to be they friend and be cool with them and you know 'cause I know him so he going what's up boy? I mean he was a player too. Yeah but I think JJ he got that Duke shit in him like he can do both but he more of an asshole than he is cool Coach K's shit bro.


Yeah the Lineage. Yep. And listen man Ad started this season we was talking about M-V-P-D-P-O-Y conversations we got, we gotta walk those back right now. I I'm not doing it bro. You still locked in for ad. This Is why I just, I fuck with NBA players like I don't care about who win or lose but bro you, you in the NBA bro you bound to have some bad games. You human at the end of the day, fuck all it's gonna take for him is to have another streak And we gone forget all about that. I don't want to strip him from that NVP and defensive player of the year. 'cause you still like this ain't like a Jeremy Lynn. No disrespect to Jeremy Lynn but AD is a for real proven player in the NBA bro. For sure. For sure. I don't wanna put too much on it.


It was interesting to see some of the discourse around it. They were just like, you know the stars of season off ad was killing and they were just like those numbers, that's what yo Kish and Yonas doing a consistent basis. Facts, that's all facts. But we was just happy to see him playing. Yeah happy him to see him Thrive man. Especially like after last year playing most of the season and not being Injury Pro, he know he had a history of death. We wanted see Anthony Davis be the player with yo and They criticize him for being soft. So to see him come out with that killer instinct bro I think he still got it in it. He high. And For your, to your point like they people were saying that they, those are Giannis and ish numbers all the time. Well shit they went MVPs like so if he played at the MVP level we're happy he's playing like at their level MVP level. For sure.


That's the trade off on the perception and all those conversations always be like wait, just to prove your point rather than just looking at reality bro. Yeah like yeah he's he's getting yogi in them numbers now. Well they win MVP what the hell? That's a crass of hard people to me to. Yeah like but like two Best niggas in the world bro. Yeah like I'm doing great then like they win the MVPs, they go back and forth with the MVPs. What's this number like 20, you gotta pull it up again. But it was like 26, 27 and 13. Yeah bro, I'm having a hell of a season. I'm killing, sorry 27 to 11 and and three. Yeah I'm having a great season. No I'm killing. Yeah. Yeah. Having a wonderful season. I'm fuck it Hooper bro. So let me have a couple, you know I mean down games bro. I'm human bro. It's all good. I ain't fucking up the church's money. Not at all.


And we lost my 40 boy. You can't blame that all of it. Yeah that's crazy. I think that's out of pocket though. 40 balls crazy. So being in the NBA and lose by that much. That Is kind of crazy though. That's A lot of points to lose by 40. We competitors bro. I mean t they ain't even hit your rule. Like you said you don't score a hundred you cheeks no man you cheeks. That's crazy. You well soon man you well soon to the Lakers. Listen you had a tough time yesterday man. You had to pick between your bucks and your Hawks. I told you what I was gonna do. Nah man I told, I told y'all the Hawks is on the pacer run right now. Just say on a run. Don't put us in that. No I'm saying they having a last year pacer moment Barbie.


I didn't know I was gonna need a drink this morning. Right on time B end. Yeah I had for this for you King. I appreciate it man. We're going through a lot right now. Listen man Jeff's still gotta give His Spiel. It's Thursday but it's our Friday. Shout out to Barbie working the AM shift. What we got Mimosa Scared of that Ette to see who got the shot at it In there. Excuse man we have a show. I ain't touching that shit. It's not Being roofer himself Barbie. I said we better start fucking with you. I can't give a break. I got Barbie working In, The Morning too. 360 deals all around this place. What is this a black shirt?


Yeah. Oh okay. Oh This wasn't at all did she went crazy. Ain't play with the fruit. Might be a new, Might be the crew. I ain't doing this with y'all this morning man. Hey appreciate you Barbie but thank you Bar we shout to Babe with the T right here. Listen man Hawks took care of the books yesterday. 1 19 1 0 4 Jalen Johnson looking like an all star 23 or 13 Trey Young 17 seven Gianni still do what he does. 32 and 11. But like you said man your Hawks is on the run for real for real Right now they looking good. They playing at a high level right now. I mean they on that like I said that Pacer run not even trying to be funny. They just catching a good stride at the right time And Jalen Johnson's leading the pack.


Trey Young's playing good. He is not shooting the ball well at all in this run. Mm. But Jalen Johnson is playing at a Allstar level and hopefully man we get to that fifth four, fifth seat and he can make the Allstar team. Nah for sure if if they're not playing but if they a RA playoff team. Yeah you gotta look to get him that, that consideration bro. He got Allstar nine man he playing great but how you think Trey Young will feel? I mean obviously we know he is a good teammate but how do you think he'll feel for getting snub so many years Allstar when he's had crazier numbers and then they have a season like they have this year and Jalen Johnson get it. I mean it's just position like I mean Trey Young is still having a phenomenal year 20 and 12 Elite. Is that 20 and 12? 26. Yeah 2012 is still elite numbers but Jaylen Johnson man he been carrying that scene when Trey was out.


He just been having a great year. It is like you can't hate like straight up you and as a point guard. There's just been other guards playing better in the east right now for sure. Like Jalen What you gonna take Jalen Bronson out? No. Mm take a game out Miller. No I'll take Lalo out right now. Lalo? No so it's just a, it's a little tight squeeze for him. All the point guard position I guess you would say Bulls for sure man listen man you talked about it a little bit last year but it's all evident this year. Quin Snyder got the team turned around looking a little bit different man they playing different. They playing good. You can see that they gelling I think getting Deonte out of there and I like Deonte Murray so it's no slight on him but having just a point guard now he got wings to work with instead of two point guard and trying to figure out how to balance playing them together and playing them opposite of each other.


I think it's just a easier team to coach for for sure. That make a lot of sense. Like you said it take away a lot of, not that said there was tension but when you got two players that caliber. Yeah it's always gonna be a little bit of friction so it's probably easier job coaching right now too. Yeah, I mean somebody want the ball, you trying to get the ball in both their hands. It just a lot of decision makings had to be made. Now he know his team and Quinn is a good coach though. Great Coach Quinn coach did I in Utah with Shell and them too. Yeah great Coach. I did great with them for sure. Yeah listen Giannis man 32, 11 to six. That MVP type numbers in always. Yeah that shit like easy Much as I hate on Giannis like 'cause I don't think you can teach how he hooped to a kid but he killed bro. It is.


It's undeniable bro. It's undeniable. We make a way outta no way for sure. I fuck with Giannis 'cause he play hard and it just, it comes out to crazy numbers bro. His numbers always His skill says is probably one of the worst but As far. Alright, James Harden. No I'm saying though as hard as he plays James is right bro, you can't stop him though. Like niggas ain't hating bro. But bro you don't want, come on bro. If yo, if you building a nigga on 2K bro. Yo yo jump shot is Giannis you dick ride bro. I Don't care what he say. Gianni's bills on 2K Elite though. I know he probably a killer but my, you know you, you make your a jumper bro. If you make your shit yohanna's bro You game bro. But hey quiet as ke he won to, he shooting one of the highest percentages from the midrange this year.


You, you saw, you talked about that. You're gonna say he's sneaking in there in the video range. He making shots bro. He might not be shooting a three like that but it's mid range. He didn't figure hey he done added a new piece to his game. That's just even scarier bro. Yeah We need to look Ronnie please let us know is there a TA bill on 2K? Oh Lord I ain't never seen that pop up. We needed the nais Lord Bill on 2K. Please let me know if there's one out here. Know what Ronnie need to do. We talk about 2K so much he need to just put us where players come and talk to us on the podcast. Come on for sure. You know what I mean. We be the five 20 they come sit down with us. I'm sure they probably gonna have podcast P on there. Yeah, somehow. 'cause he play, he was on 2K We We get thrown on 2K.


That'd be nuts. Yeah people come sit down five 20 and chop it up with us. That'd be lit. Mike you might have sent that email out to Ron. I like that. Be hard. We gonna be in the park. Where you in the wreck mean they gotta, you know on the story story. Oh turn this up. Come they come talk to us. It'd be hard if you could just pull Up to the five 20 podcast and your creative player go talk to. So it is 2K like grand theft K? Yeah. Got the strip club and stuff on 2K? Nah, they Don't got that on 2K. Nah you don. How much BBC Using there? Nah, I didn't know How lit 2K was. It was e for, it's an E for everyone. Oh okay. That's a family game. Oh that's the, that's what's on the front. Yeah. Yeah. What's on the front of Grand Theft Auto?


R Oh oh. Mature, mature, mature, mature. Respect. Hey you Know it's crazy. Imagine spend all your BC at the true 2K. The little kids would be messing they mama debit card up. I just, I shit I don Dunno What's That Grand theft I don. Where your car used to just move? Where you got the prostitute? I mean Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's where the car just move up and down until the game graphics got better and they got more wicked. Whoa. That game was crazy. That's crazy man. I mean listen, where you going sweet daddy. That's what they used to say. Get up, pick him up the car. Just move up and down. Hey while we here what's the best grand Ito? The last one? I don't know. Nah, I like, I like, I ain't gonna lie.


I like Vice City. I love Vice City too. I I don't get to send that Dre over Vice City. I love Vice City Vice but I might be showing my age though. Whatever was on PS two? I don't know by City. Oh okay. You might have three. Three and then Vice City for sure. But listen man, even though seven game wind streak got S Snappy yesterday your bucks, you think they figured it Out? I think they good. Yeah They gonna be all right. Yeah they fine. They good Bro. I told they gonna be a problem when 'em playoffs roll around and everybody healthy. That's gonna be a problem for, for Boston. So We talk about this Chris Mil and we'll go through a couple people, you know what I'm saying? Questionable about their return to the team. Chris Milton expected be act real soon man. What's up? They gonna do it. What I'm saying if they get him back that's gonna set them on a path to have that score that they looking for.


It's just, I just gotta see how long it take him to get back in game shape. Okay. And see how he's playing when he get back. You know, coming off of surgeries, you know people be a little hesitant and stuff like that so I'm excited to see him get back but I wanna see how he's gonna play though. Who is he like on the Celtics? Like if you had to cancel somebody out with Chris middleman Mm Cancel each other out. I mean the playoffs Chris Milton is just as good as Jason Tatum, Jalen Brown. Yeah he, he, he performs in the playoffs regular season. Obviously those two guys are probably better but in a seven game series, Chris Middleton. Chris Middleton can be the best player on the floor at any given game and say what you want to about the Pacers. But I, I saw Chris Middleton Denver beat us last year. Yeah, yeah, yeah but like if he didn't get hurt bro like even when he was hurt I saw what he did.


He's capable and remember when obviously he was there and the trip runs a lot of fourth quarters, Chris Middleton was holding shit down. Nah yeah when we played Brooklyn it was Chris Milton. Yeah when we played Phoenix it was Chris Middleton besides that game 50 point game Giannis had Chris carried us. Mm Okay. Yeah that's a dangerous person I don't wanna see in the postseason get 20 either way. Zion expect to be Revit in a couple weeks man with this injury history that done came out and said they still wanna build around Zion. Y'all believe that's Ka or y'all just think the pelican's still holding on to the Z dream. Y'all Rather keep he go anywhere it's over. I just not I don, I like Zion, I just don't ever think he's gonna be healthy. Damn his body type don't say healthy like no no shade or nothing.


But he's too heavy at that size and the way he play it is not going, it's not gonna happen bro. I love when people just simply go to situations and be like when players are bigger they need to recon confine black just lose weight. It's probably just not that simple. It ain't that simple. It ain't that simple bro. It is It he got like he's a athletic player, like he's not a shooter, he's a driver athlete in a way that much and have knee injuries, leg injury, hamstring injury and your game is based off athleticism wear and tear. I don't see it man. Trust me, I I was an athletic player. That shit about to come to an end. You think he could play below the run but all be in, do you think he could adapt his game?


He's such a explosive player. I don't, I've never seen him play under the rim like that. Of course I've seen the nigga shoot a layup in the mid range jumper. He got that in his arsenal. But for him to go strictly to that I don't know if he'd be comfortable with that. I don't think he got that because he can't shoot like to play below the rim. You gotta have a jumper. That's a fact. And he, that ain't his To put him solely as a a pull up y damn near turn Zion Williamson in the Sam parking. He would, that's exactly who he would be if he learned how to shoot and not move Big smooth number 14. But the Thing is had a clip. Yeah big smooth six 10. He's six five. Damn Zion like six five.


He damn near Barkley. I didn't know Zion was that little. Yeah, Yeah Zion ain't they? They listen to six eight but Zion's definitely not six eight. He 6 6 6 6 7 being gracious but oh Damn he was age Barkley. No wonder why Barkley be on his top so much trying to help him, you know what I mean? Yeah. I still laugh at when he was the point guard for the Pelicans, Stan was out of pocket bro. Yeah but I don't know if he get in shape. It is, it is. He's back to that damn 24, 25 he out. Nah he kills when he out there. I gonna say when he on the court he is an Allstar for sure but He gotta get well soon For sure. KD gonna be out for maybe one or two weeks.


Hey I feel your sons can they hold it down without him again getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're also a DraftKings sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect The number one place to bet touchdowns, grab some tds of Draftking sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the DraftKings sports book app and use code club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Game on because ES esp n plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and nicks followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76ers and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu watch the terrifying sci-Fi thriller Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew stirring Jude law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com For details,


For details. You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days New finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Shop Dell Technologies's Black Friday event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core ultra processors. Black Friday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade but it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at Dell dot com slash deals. That's Dell dot com slash deals.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit join signals.com today.


That's about eight games. Shit, they'd probably lose all of them. Damn. I think if they got Brad and Brad got kill bro, Brad and book, they'd be all right. We can't while Katie's out, Brad can't average 16 points a game. You gonna have to be you and John Wall in Washington like 25 a night a piece, you know, random 40 point games you can't have no 16 point night they can't be Out. They played the sun they they played last night didn't they? They say yeah we go through the recap. I don know what freaking Mike's on right now for sure. Ask y'all a question. Obviously you with experience, you from a fan standpoint, when you have a star player that's injury prone, do you feel a ways like do you wanna keep them because you know maybe it be a fan favorite or do you at some point say I have to move on to more reliable, durable players Should depend on what the rest of my team looking like.


Okay. I'm a hustler at the end of the day. So if I know he gonna keep The fans in his hands. Yeah, I'm a man. I told you I don't give a fuck who win or lose. How we gonna keep this chicken rolling in? I'm Jerry Jones. He Can the jabs today. I'm just trying, I'm just trying to get the money bro. If I'm an owner of a team, I'm just trying to get the money. Yeah. Now if I'm now it's okay to kill baby. When I talk about Jerry Jones filling these scenes I can telling us how sad the fucking cowboys are. That's crazy. Now we care about attendance. I'm Just saying that's what I do. But if I'm a GM and my job require me to win. Yeah, yeah. I'm already start looking in a different direction. 'cause I know my job is on the line eventually.


So I'm gonna start trying to figure out how can I get the best for a injury pro player. Like I gotta get rid of him. And I was seeing something yesterday, it was like man the New Orleans is basically not the city to die but like they got the worst look in the league. Like every player doesn't, every star player that goes to new New Orleans, they have injury problems. When AD was there. Yep. Hurt CP was there hurt A hundred percent. Zion was cousins hurt Tyson Chandler too. Mm. Everybody that go to New Orleans, man when they get there they get hurt, they leave, they start having better careers and stuff. Eric Gordon hurt. Leave six man a year, motherfucker Fool bro. What You think it is? Shit, my cousins down there, they, we here to kill you.


I hear you. That gumbo got boys in DNP. That's up For show. Shout to the French Quarter man. Everybody that go there get hurt man. It's crazy. We love the Orleans man. Can't wait to go pod down there. Couple of other games. Met T Woods. Three wins. Strike took care of the Clippers yesterday. 1 0 8 to 80 belt to ass. Yeah man it's, it's different. I told y'all Ju Randall came out high the first quarter was 16. Yeah, give us time man. Give us time. We went in there and scoring 16 bro. We okay. I think what Ann said in the media kind of sparked their team a little bit. Yeah they probably had a good conversation on a plane or wherever they was at. And now they rolling though. Yeah He talks to them real dusty. So I guess I'm sure that conversation was real interesting.


For sure. They ain't get leaked out. That's funny. Celtics took care of the Pistons yesterday. 1 31 20. Not a bad game for y'all. Pistons boy. Hey man they close losses for show but man JB was killing yesterday like I know we gonna talk about later in the show but he had one possession where he dribbled through his leg six times in a row, hit a spin move and hit a bucket bro. Like he really be hooping For real. He do be hooping. He do But poor Z. Yeah Come On cheating. Yeah, a light 26 and nine. Peyton Prichard the light dub and four, he's six man of the year. For sure. Yeah. See Detroit just don't have niggas that could score 26. Tobias had 27 yesterday. No I love that for bias but No he get them averages. I'm just saying the Celtics literally have eight to nine players that could score 20 facts for Wicked over there for, you know what I mean?


Detroit. So for them to only lose my 10 to them, I fuck with It. Hey K Cunningham with Hoopy yesterday almost had a triple dub 27, 14 to nine. Man K Man come on the show. He might, he might be your number one guy you keeping him be man he rock with you. Niggas be hooping man. You definitely cold but he always vouched for Kade Cunningham. Come on boy. That's his lead number 23 number. That seven and 10, that's lead numbers. This Where he At? Yeah that his numbers are crazy. I ain't gonna lie. Shout out to K Cunningham and people was questioning him for a while, being the number one pick and you know had some up and down years but this year man, nah He on the show And like you said though, I mean even though the record ain't as great, they look like a totally different team this year For sure.


Yeah, yeah, yeah for Sure. The Dubai is 27 nothing afterwards. I love that for you. Na keep cooking No other attribute. This 27 nigga ain't love That. Keep going no matter after that ain't nowhere. Your contract is for buckets only. You don't get paid for assisted rebounds. My boy respect Mag got took care of the sixes yesterday, 1 0 6 to 1 0 2 Bronze wire on the the kill streak still Man All star all five And seven All Star Damn Jalen sucks. 17 to six and one of the craziest outlets I've ever seen in my life that behind the back recovery he threw down to Fran. Yeah it a slow step. That was tough. Young TikTok Jeremy McCain 24 7. Tyrese had 26 and six man Paul George Set out.


Yeah I move. I ain't gonna say Rookie of the year. Allstar fans Wagner. I was gonna say 13. All NBA mm For real. Nah he killing bro. Yeah he gonna be 13 all NBA fucking around and be second team. He hoing. I think that the dope part, we talked about this before. The fact that he get the Hooper his brother. For real. That's cold to me. Yeah, that's hard. Hard. And y'all actually like good and ain't no bullshit. I wonder how that feel. I mean obviously it's your brother, you're excited for him but to be like the older brother and watch your little brother be like the star of the team and you like I know it's a great feeling. Him like damn my little brother killing like yeah but I wonder how that feel though. Just to Hoop was your brother period. It'd be dope at the NBA level.


Like JR. R Smith got his brother signed to the next Bro. A legend. That was hard. That's hard Bro. I'll be hyped to watch Mo like kill in the league like Oh Yeah, that'd be hard. Like sitting on the bench. I be talking so much shit. Damn. Yeah They, they should have found a way to get y'all on the same squid. I Don't know about Mookie in Atlanta. Oh nah he, y'all Bump Pacers Been he'd have live With In his own spot. He probably missed the game He had to live with Big bro. That'd be you and Jordan Clark support him Two together. Oh man.


The lineage for sure. No that shit would've been I. don know why we put this on here. But the Patriots lost again yesterday. Oh Because they're part of the NBA, that's why they're on here. Barely. That's, that's why here The score closer than the game was. We got smacked yesterday. Tyree had a great third quarter with tj. Cam Johnson's still killer right now. Smooth 26 piece Ain Lou out of pocket for putting y'all record on here. Yeah. Hey Lou, what's up with that family? We'd be locked in. I I, I didn't need to see that. I know how bad we are. Cam. Cam might be the number one trait target right now. Yeah, the biggest. Yeah. You see how you talking Now here you say hey I ain't really tripping if I leave or not. 'cause There's love up here too. The Heights love. Yeah for sure.


The contract is signed. I seen Joe Button Snapchat Instagram you want, you follow Joe Snap story. Oh the shit from the other day. Legend. I said that motherfucker right here I got a hunter Falco. Oh me. When that crash out, parlay hit to the Heights. We go man Jovi having it going up on his Instagram. I like damn I don't even like strip clubs yo. That's crazy. Shout out to Joe man. Five 20 alumni next took care of us yesterday man. Pacers listen it's a lot we need to do. I don't even know where to start. This is lot we need to do man you just scroll past now.


It is what it is man. Couple days we get tonight. This is crazy. Yeah, I, I don't know what to say. I'm Not doing it today. Go ahead. I'm a pacer alum man. We just gotta get better now. Don't, don't, don't come over here. Hey we got enough issues. We don't need you over here right now bro. Let's try suit up. We got 10 days you bro. We got you bro. We can pull up around corner right now. IB shit. They will pay Meco. I can't believe it after pay got waved too. Yeah, that was crazy bro. Yeah it was kind of crazy. I told y'all in that team I tried to tell y'all but In that team as many the Pelicans been going through this year is out of pocket. I Don't never want that man out of the league. I told y'all Jeff played in the NBA bro. That shit be smoke. What do you call it? Smoking beers bro. Mm. They want you to kill D Nigga we gave this little chicken.


You better kill go out here nigga. Show up to work. Be a little bow. Wow. And like Mike soon as we do with you nigga you They done. They done for real. Hey you know what's crazy like Mike is so wild 'cause wa more's chestnut to Sergeant Togar. That was nasty. That's a terrible basketball movie. What we got to Wait? Nah don't do that. Like Mike like Mike ass. Come on. Moore's Chestnut is crazy. You like like Mike Mount. I can see that Malcolm is childish though. That's his not childish He was a kid. No I'm saying that's, I didn't mean to say childish mouth. I ain't gonna lie. Grew up you see a smart guy growing up now? Nah you ain't seen him with his family?


Nah, he still look like that nigga grown more. Yeah. Yeah right. I see with made five heartbeat. You gotta get your mouth lip on. Damn you look at That's that first pick building You still look like you he got a beard and shit too. Now Mouth, The beard is on the way. Yes. I'm still looking alike on the way. Yes you ain't boy you got bro and to your family. How Beast That picture with the blank tie. That's how Malcolm Malcolm be smiling in this picture on me. That's crazy. Yeah that is Lee. Welcome to the family man. Shout to the production team man. Yeah I put that together because that's what Malcolm looked just like I ain't seen that nigga since. Smart Guy. That's crazy. I seen a picture when he was in the family and stuff.


I'm like damn he still look like damn shout. I didn't even know that. That one's his sisters T and Tamara tonight's games man. See how y'all feel about some of these matchups nuggets at Cavs. Mm mm Big game. I'm gonna take a cav. I'm gonna roll with the Nuggets tonight. I'll take nuggets. Damn that's a good game. Mavs at Wizards. I'm saying list. I don't even know why y'all niggas are asking that. Yeah, sham got Kcu one on me Wizards On the, on a record run right now. That is nasty work boy. Yeah we don't even gotta say who gonna win that game 'cause we know it ain't the Wizards Hornets at Knicks. I got Nicks.


Nick's hooping right now. Nolo not playing. Yeah Not playing. I can't put no money on them but take the over on B Mill for sure. Thunder at Raptors Thunder. Mm Yeah we smack. Yeah Thunder. Thunder. I'm gonna go with the rapper. Scotty Barnes been killing RJ. Bar been killing. They might make some shake today. Why not? They match up kind of similar anyway. Oh hell no. What? No we gonna dust them. You gonna thunder over the rappers like work. I'm going Thunder too. About 20 Sha back home too. Yeah About 20 The Vibes. We gonna see Kings at Grizzlies. I don't know about that game. Damn. It got quiet as hell. I don't know about that game.


That's, I ain't never heard of Contemplation of the game with this show Took the Kings and the grizzlies to get nigga Flustered. Little similar that Dion Fox and Ja match up is that's what be Hell match. That might be the game of the night. Nah. Low key. Okay. Damn that might be the battle of the role. Players And my boy's shoes dropped today. Turn up. Who? D Fox? Yeah my boy had the samples in here Flexing? Yeah. D Fox they dropped today. Oh you had the, you had. Oh yeah I had 'em early. Yeah I tapping. Nah shout to D Fox. Yeah that's love. Nah up this nigga the early drop. Yeah. Fuck. And he didn't sign with everybody in the motherfucker world. Converse Under Armour, Adidas, Nike, SHA Shay sit my shoes. That's Love D Fox.


You a real one for that. Oh God I fuck with bro. Fighting through the barriers is crazy. Somebody made The best man wins. Fuck somebody Had somebody had to show love. Oh damn. So Becausecause. He didn't wore the idiot answers yet. So I Wore one. I wore one. Jason Taylor, anytime Mike look at us in the Morning show we outta pocket. Damn. Okay So it's at Peus. I'm taking the Grizzlies for that first one and and now I'm taking, I'm taking the Grizzlies. Who y'all got? I got the, I got the Kings. I'm gonna roll with the kings too. Sons of Pelicans. Sons. Sons, sons. That's tough. You about some of Pelicans bulls at Spurs.


Spurs. Yeah. Wouldn be my hat 40 tonight on them niggas. I'm gonna go with the Bulls. They randomly win games like this. Rockets at Warriors. That's gonna be a hell of a game. Damn. Another good one. I'm gonna take the Warriors. Right With the Warriors? Yeah. Huh? Warriors. I'm gonna rock out with the rockets one time man. Shout out to young boys. Killing Thursday night football Packers at Lions. Mm That's a good game. I'm gonna go with the Lions though. Yeah, only The lions to my nigga side from there. That's it. Hey man Lions look like they motherfucker around. Get a Super Bowl bid man. Listen a lot of buckets yesterday. Verified buckets. Who was getting two yesterday? B here N Oh Yeah know I'm going away with my favorite white boy. McCulley Culkin Tyler Hero for sure. Man. He did cut his hair. Yeah he looked like the boy off of higher learning now Out of pocket.


Who was that mug rapper? Where he get that fade at? Nah, tall Hero don't go to Great Clips. Don't do that. Don't do that. He go to the nigga barbers man he killed 21 and the third. I'm rolling. That's my verified bucket For sure. Man listen I'm gonna go ahead with R Wagner even though you don't never produce one. I put him on my ticket 35 and seven bro. You kill it right now. Your team what? 12 outta the last 15? Yeah and he the reason for that man I gotta show respect for sure. I'm gonna go with the old head man. Giannis after Kupo? Yeah. 31 11 rebounds. I mean a normal knife for Giannis but I think he's a verified bucket two time MVPI think maybe. I don't know.


That's crazy man. Him being an old head is funny. Yeah he a old head now. Giannis being an og funny And all his post post-conference interviews would be hilarious bro. Yeah he'd be talking crazy. He actually a cool dude man. A funny dude. So verified Bucket G. They want me to ask you about this here. They was talking about his campaign with like with his shoes and stuff but him, they said it is the widest thing ever. Him having the freak over the Nike sign as his logo The Freak? Yeah. You know he had the shirts, the first shirts had the Freak with the Nike check on. Yeah. Oh yeah I had one that motherfucker got wore out. What? He Said this to me earlier. Like D Fox Wore that motherfucker to a pool party. Real we t-shirt contest. So no that's definitely out pocket that you could wear a Freak openly.


Yeah because they Got a Nike side Of their Yeah I told y'all foreign motherfuckers get passes. You could be fat and outta shape in the NBA and you can wear whatever you want in the NBA. That is very true. We just criticize Zion Williamson so much for being bad body. He don't produce these niggas is doing whatever they want But they play though. They play. That's how they Play. They play. So as long as you're durable, it's okay. You could be bad by everything as long as you do. Imagine if they were the game Zion the freak. Oh he deserves it. He deserves it. Him and Dope Li need to take couple pictures back to back of them motherfuckers for sure. Oh my God.


Mayak music what they Hey Somebody clipped that up and it's funny as hell bro. Somebody used the Mayak music tag up here. Yeah y'all bet. Send. That's about dl. I love the supporters, the show man. Y'all are the best man. Listen man. Thursday end of the week for us. Be here get well. So who need some encouragement to get to they weekend? Let's clip up. Mad Christian getting dunked on by. Bam. Oh yeah that was filthy. Charles Moore being on the screen was not what I anticipated at all this week. Little out. Damn that Abby got the, the the cardigan though with no shirt under it. Oh that's wicked. Mark said by getting to gym too Out the gate definitely Cardigan with no shirt.


And see this be the technical difficulties y'all okay come through. Everything comes off the KU So. let see it again. Shout out to Max Chrissy for giving that damn Ducker Robinson. I forgot he damn Ducker Robinson in the league. Same contract. Oh yeah he got paid. Oh yeah The real 55. Damn. Come on Rick one shit I just wanna see the highlight. Don't Ask about no motherfucking Seizures. I swear. Yeah. Little Soul. Y'all playing B Dog boy I got some names on this motherfucker. Charlemagne Angela Ali. He was called Charlamagne Gay so bad.


Charlemagne Angela Ali said Charlamagne. Oh I got some names. My girl DJ Envy. Charlemagne Webby got some of the best interviews of all time man. Oh my God. He said there's some names on this bull fucker man. Man listen man Mikey, well Soons going to Derrick White man. Y'all know I rock with K cu to him. And listen man, stay out the pain. If that ain't what you do for a living man, nah for sure. Yep. Sound about right boy. This nigga Mike. Thank God it's Thursday. Freaky Mike need some days off my boy tired man. Boy that's not in our story. Huh?


Way to split the trap. What the fuck? And he dunked on him like a little kid straight. Andy looked at him. Yeah you you deserve to look at him like that. It's okay. Yeah I would've got a tech on that. Well if you were Derrick White or you KKI would've went crazy. Maybe dunked on him like a little kid after yesterday if he was Derrick White. You pushing K right there. Nah, I got you. Don't worry about it. He said me me. I would've been like fuck you looking at whole ass nigga. Oh Lord. That's what I would've said. Oh man. The good guy though. But I would've, I would've snapped right there. Derrick White locking shit up next time. Well he would even got that dunk off on me.


Oh okay. Ooh. No, no, no. You would've grabbed him, grabbed his arm. Yeah I already know. Straight up Pure demon the show man. Listen man we got another good one yesterday. Brooke Lopez. Listen man we know you supposed to be down there big dog. But that's Jalen Johnson man. Jaylen Johnson porn show. That's Jaylen Johnson man. You know man, my favorite hawk, Jaylen Johnson the youngest in charge. That highlight was nasty. How old is Jalen Johnson? Like 22. Yeah and we talked about it a little bit like his whole situation, him going to Duke not being there long. Yeah they wrote him off. Tried to say a lot of negative things about him. I mean 'cause he took a really different path. Normal. Look at this, it's right through the middle. Shout out to Freaky Mike. Getting the audio back. I mean the video back up.


I'll set it way too soon 'cause it is going. Hey two hands bro. He is so athletic bro. But like we everybody kind of rode him off 'cause his shot was a little funky coming outta Duke. Yeah he went into Duke highly recruited. Yeah, for sure. And for him to leave Duke with Coach K still being there the way he did. Yeah. People like really wrote him on saying he was a, you know, questionable quitter. Yeah. Kind of person he was. They all questioned him but to see what kind of player he is become and kind of teammate he is like only hear good things about him. So for sure And that's the crazy part about it is like you said, you get a kid in a situation he felt like it just wasn't for him. You get in a ruthless fan base like the Dookies, they go crazy for theirs.


Yeah. But at the end of the day you gotta make business decisions for yourself. I don't understand why they get so mad at prep players who take alternate routes like yeah I went here didn't work out, I had to go about my way. You look at it like the dearest basic situation, getting an internship and then going to the league. Hey man this is business for a lot of different people. Y'all can't get mad 'cause they don't wanna play for your team bro. Yeah don't get mad but I on some real shit bro. A lot of times that shit don't work out. Yeah that here you a rare case so No for sure. Yeah So I understand like both sides like I don't like don't bash him but and I don't know I don feel like that shit might not work out. It is nigga It might not. Yeah and I don't know what happened at Duke with him. Like I never really heard the story story like that why he left or whatever or I haven't looked into it but usually that shit don't work out like that.


Yeah. Yeah he just Happened to be a rare case. Super Talented for sure. 'cause like he said in in normal world in that situation he's probably a lottery pick like 17, 18, something like that. Wherever he failed to. But we were happy to get him for sure and listen, I'm sure they're both happy he got paid and they got him on a crazy deal. For sure. Yeah for sure Be here listen man. Oh for three this week man you got one more chance and make it right with the people man. The holidays are approaching brother you got for him? Yeah so today I threw a college team in there that for some reason Purdue was the underdog against Penn State. So I'm taking Purdue for the win. That's plus 1 0 8 mm Luca to get 35 on the Wizards for sure. Sham got the shit outta Cal coma.


Donovan Mitchell will score 25 points. Carl Anthony Towns gonna get a light 25 RJ Barrett he can get 20 Bradley Bill give us 20 tonight not 17 D Aaron Fox to score 25 against Ja Morin in the grizzlies. $500 wins your grand total of $66,569. Or I think that One can hit, You can take a smaller bet at a hundred dollars and win $13,000. I might take that a hundred on that one. I like that one. I like, I like what we're cooking up here now the 500, you know what I'm saying? That really, I know you trying to mess up some homes but you know what I'm saying. The holidays are approaching you get get you a diet bet for a hundred. Yeah. I'm here to kill you, not heal you, the crown is yours. That hundred. I probably can do that. I like that one.


Yeah, for sure man. That's gonna sponsor our trip to Washington Heights man. Let's make sure it goes through fellas Joe. Tap in for sure Lead the way. Listen man, it is been a great week. We appreciate y'all. Y'all be safe this weekend. We'll be back on Monday, five 20 In The Morning. This show The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it, the thrills at their 15 world-class theme parks followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.


What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Get in zone. AutoZone, Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? I think my battery's dead. With free battery testing and charging. We can help you get back on the road. Get Zone Auto. So what if I need a new one? We have the right Durast battery for you. Only at AutoZone. Get zone Auto. And what about my old battery? We can recycle it right here at America's number one battery destination. Get In zone auto zone Restrictions apply.


Our Kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community of values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real, accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North. New residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live.