
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed.


Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday, five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here. What's up to y'all? Oh, you just put them in. First of all, we, his his own phone case. Yeah, I thought you actually had to slots in the back of that. You just Yeah, that's what I thought. Paul, you sitting back there, there and just put your phone in there. That's crazy. Shout to my favorite people. The Arabians.


We locked in in Cal. So I keep everything stock. I mean they not even Arabian. Shout out to the Arabian. Apparently Wednesday morning Bishop, my brother, fellas. Hey, I do it today bro. Chilling. Can I come over? Okay, that's, that's what you were jiming with tonight? Yeah. Yeah. I worked out this morning. So can come over. Nah, we was playing. Oh, y'all hit the gym early today? Yeah, we went out to the early time at seven. Why Mike? He got a belly ache. Belly ache sounds crazy.


Listen man, it's been the basketball world man. Let's go ahead and get straight to it man. Dara Fox said it's time. I don't care about this winning streak. I don't care how good we've been playing. Get me the fuck outta here. I wonder why though. Hmm? Why you think he wanna leave? I thought Doug Christian was making it, you know what I mean? Yeah. Chrisy do everything he could, but I'm just asking y'all as a, you know, everybody loved basketball. We all wanted to be the the guy before you, the guy while leave being the guy because I'm in Sacramento, he probably ready to, to really fight to win. Like I think he said I don't wanna misquote dear, but I think he wanna go play with in San Antonio.


Don't wanna go to a big market. He just wanna play with a top quality player. Are they gonna, does that, that a winning team with him and Weby? I think he ready to build with somebody like that. Oh, the Future Future's right now with Deer and Fox there now another motherfucker might pull up on him. All right, I like that. Listen, let's go. We can start. I like your question. You said why would you wanna leave? I think that all the things he's probably asked for he hasn't received. Like, hey, I keep asking y'all for Wing help. I mean I did get Malik Monk for sure, but the things I've asked you to upgrade. Yeah, I didn't upgrade. I I try to get a side coach that I rock with. All right, cool. We got Mike Brown. That was my guy. You fired my guy. I've had a history of being inconsistent. Like every time y'all need to add like roster help y'all just go do some wild shit.


Y'all keep getting guards? Yeah, Y did draft two guards while I was there for no reason that you didn't need to fill that position and then you get rid of the one that I don't know I would leave too. What the fuck are y'all doing? I, I, I like, I like Dear Fox bro. But it's, it's hard for people to come to Sack Town bro. Yeah, this ain't Bibi and them Sack Town bros. It's different. It ain in the organization. Everybody talks about how Piss Porter ran. So Yeah, I can understand why if I ain't getting nothing here, I'm leaving Bro Sack damn near New Orleans bro. But same type of franchise bro. Top Dogs for sure with their draft picks. But you just, you can't bring no veteran help.


A KD will never go play in Sack. Hey you got Deebo to go there? Nah, Deebo. You know what I mean? Deebo is he like us bro. Like you feel me? He just wanna, he just wanna hoop. KD won hoop too but KD trying to win the championship. Deebo just love the hoop. Not saying he don't wanna win the championship but I think players like that. This nigga was trying to go play with Weby bro. You trying to go play with generational talent? Nah, I I feel him. I mean seven years having a chance. Yeah. Having a chance to go play with Weby in San Antonio. I don't think it's gonna happen but I understand it. I just know. But you gotta give up to get him though. If you say San Antonio right now, the way that he played this Soul Master fleet probably at first in the young talent, how he play it Master because he didn't like officially push their, you know what I'm saying?


Push the button until now and they have like less than a week to figure this shit out. If he to draw this out, it could have been, they could have got a bigger pool. I think he got one more year on his deal though. Yeah. But yeah, he's gonna be gone so they got a whole nother year to figure out a trade. He's gonna be gone by next week. I'll be very surprised. The teammate we're just probably going for that shit. He'll be gone. I get it but I'll say just chill me personally but I ain't there. But he did seven years bro. He did a bid in Sacramento. Yeah. Y'all know me. Anybody offered me a Max extension, I feel you black out sign me up. Yeah. Hey look sign me up but I understand if you want to go get out of there, he from Texas too might wanna be closer to the crib but he from Houston.


Yeah I saw some, you know people speculating about the, the Rockets and the rocks were just like hey shout out to Dre but we just gonna figure it out. Yeah we we ain't messing this up right now. We gonna see hell we can ride his balls. That don't make sense. Well it could nasty you though. If it got him that's too much. You think me out Hear me out. If you gave up Fred Van Jabari in the first, could they get the job done for Dre? Yes. Jalen plays the two. Yes. D Aaron Fox at the one. Jalen at the two. Dylan at the three twin at the foe. Chalen at the five Man you still got Reed. She to Ken Whitmore off the bench. You got fucking with that and Tar East fucking with you got one of the best closer in the NBA with a team of fully young talent. Now that money gonna get fucked up at some point somebody gonna have to move on to two years because you gonna have to get Thompson to Max deal.


But can Deon and Jalen figure it out together? That's definitely like Donovan and Ris Carlin. Well I think it'll work because I'm not saying they're the same player by any means but how they kind of play Jalen Green plays like Malik Monk now the personality gotta mesh but obviously that worked beautifully. They do kind of play similar. That's a great comparison. So that would be, they seamless and you got young killers on the wing with you. But I think Fred Van Fleet like better in leadership, he kind of calmed them down means a lot. Even like when they like wow he know they started doing some wild shit. He always liked the calm common voice and the way he play is super calm Champion. I'm not saying that Dre Fox can't play like that but I don't know if he's at that point in his career where he is ready to be the common voice.


Like he's still trying to get 30 a game. So maybe it, it might be it won't fit but or San Antonio they need him to do that. Yes. Yeah they need him. They need his skill set to be aggressive. Get buckets to take a lot of pressure off Weby. Yeah man listen, just imagine d Aaron Fox and Weby pick and roll or like him running the break with Castle on that. That could be dangerous bro. Like you said though, getting free agents to go to San Antonio. Oh no they get Fox Castle will not be there. Oh you think it gonna happen? You can't go in Detroit. You think about to he's gone. Well they're the kings. I don't know man. He's gone. Is ti still there?


Nah. Oh they don't even got a was there he would've been gone for two second round picks. Who they playing Guard? They give a B Fox. They gotta get a guard. Listen, we don't even know what the Kings are doing. Like are they in full rebuilt but like if they get rid of him, what are they doing? Are they gonna blow the whole team up? Man, I dunno what because Sooni can get you draft capital. Devo gets you draft capital. I don't dunno if he's eligible to get traded or not, but if he's gone you gotta go through a full rebuild bro. I mean I don't know. Yeah, send Keegan Murray up out there too. He got DeMar de little Romeo picture up there. Damn They do. Oh God. That is his high school picture. That's crazy man. Yeah that was great news though.


We shall see what happens but I, I believe we'll just ask how I feel. Y'all think he gone by trade deadline? I I I don't know bro. No you don't know. I don't think So. You don't think so? I think so. I I don't think that this ain't no other stuff man. Rich Paul and 'em two calculate for this to happen for him to say that. Yeah it is something in place man. But you see some potential teams, the Nets. I don't know why but the heat, we didn't speak about that. That'd be, I like that connection. How you feel about that? Be him hear me Your favorite white boy in the same back court potentially they trading you ain't that deal. Yeah they gotta, you know you getting something back? No I think it'll be, I think it be a three team shoulda.


Who you think you gotta move Jimmy Outta there. I said Sacramento. Sacramento take Jimmy. It's a three team jump hypothetically. So somebody else would be in there. Who was gonna Sacramento? Not Jimmy. Who? Who in Sacramento. I know this trade shit better than me but hero ass is outta there. Yeah they you not keeping Deer and Fox. Bam and Tyler Hero unless you about to give up picks at Draft Capital. Yeah and I don't even know any young players on the heat that anybody want. Like nobody's taking Dunking Robinson even though you got an expiring contract I think coming up. But T Row JR can go t Rowe now you can give up t Rowe and shit. They might have to give up Khalil We and they nothing on that.


Yeah because Kevin Love being messy so he can go shout out to K Love. Yeah kt love got the best. I smoking right now like Khalil we're like the most unless you wanna give Nicole Josh Richardson. You are a Sacramento King Nicole Vic. That's my guy. Yeah he can go too. Yeah, I mean people love him. Nicole Vic Ham, he got some young players people like though. So, but they could have a nasty starting five. You could have Bre Fox, you could have Tyler Hiro. Damn Josh Ri gotta get outta Miami game after three ba after four Khalil after five. That's a whip. Mm. I dunno but's hop with that. Good luck. Luck. The Spurs would be cold though. Yeah I like him with the Spurs.


Him and Wimpy would be unstoppable. Yeah that'd be a nice doula for sure man. Hey shout to Isaiah Thomas man we crazy in the G Loop debut. We was talking shit 40 ball was we we was talking that shit. I think we was command like yeah we, I only, only thing I pushed back is when y'all said he was the best point guard in the league at that time. We spoke high on that nigga for sure. I said he gonna have to get 40, you know what I mean? But he already, I I knew he was gonna do that. He didn't did it the last three times a year and for him to have an even 40 yesterday. Yeah boy was watching. I'm saying I fuck with you bro and ate assist though. That's a fire apart. I knew like he was gonna do that the it's too and he just love the hoop bro. Yeah it's too Ous stints. He did that his first game. He dropped 40 last year.


He dropped 40. Like I knew that was coming like he not, he been preparing for this. That's just so hard to do bro. It is not though. He averaged 29 points a game. No I'm just saying for him to still be hooping at that level bro. Because I'm telling y'all he was one of them battling all them injuries and shit bro. And you could still go get 40 against some pros bro. Yeah that's hard. That's fucking crazy. And that speaks like you said bro. Like despite the injuries he was averaging 30 in the league. This is life. He really bro it was really, really good bro. That's how great you are to go through those type of injuries and still just pull up to a G one day and buy. I got 40 piece in me and dip out his five ain't you 35 and you five nine. That's what I'm saying. Is he one of like is he a top five under six foot guard ever?


He's the best of the six foot guard ever. Easy. Yeah, I was gonna say I'm rolling. That ain't even close. Like nobody, nobody fuck Spud Web up then. What? Yeah Speedy Claxton is getting unless Tiny Archibald is shorter than six foot. I don't know. That's how I was tiny. Oh know say because I know Isaiah Thomas I like six two. So what we got Earl Boykins not close. Mie Boes Mie Boes was raw. When you google somebody name and they pull up their worst season it's crazy. They gotta stop that six one and I'm still something on Isaiah Thomas cooking him too respectfully. Ooh hold on now I know he is a legend. Legend ball led the league in a scoring in assist when?


Yeah that's tough bro. I'm asleep. Yeah I seen Isaiah Thomas 30 in the league with John Wall. Kyrie Irv Stiff. Yeah. Nah bro. Nah, averaging leading the league in scoring Star. Yeah I'm gonna take it over Damon Starer, I just, I'm just looking my boy Ty Lawson man fuck I take you. I'm gonna take it. Yeah, it the best for sure. Guard shout out to it man. 40 ball debut. Last but not least though. Jimmy. Prices get lower and lower. Man see move. I don't know what's the, what's lower though? What was they asking for before? That's what we really need to know Like was it two first round picks but now one, I just know this, this fool is gonna go somewhere and kill.


Oh you know he gonna kill. He's about to go somewhere. I heard Philly back in the running. Yeah Philly trying to get him for Paul George for sure. Where do you think he goes though? Do you think he makes it to Phoenix? Do you think he goes back to Philly? I would rather him go to play with kd. Kd. I would love to see him go to Phoenix and Hoop and that team like you said it'd be really good arrested him Bill. I wanna see him go to Philly. Philly would be funny because it's gonna be so funny. Joel MB gonna come back 'cause he actually like Jimmy. Yeah. And then it is like he gonna start hooping Tyse. Maxey gonna be hooping. It'll be scary out these if they get together. Yeah that that yesterday Joe B he played four oh games stood out four.


Oh missed more games he's played, he got two max deals. That's fire Josh b and a mvp. I ain't trying to get off subject. I'm taking Damon Stein i, Isaiah Thomas, mighty Mouse. Crazy as hell. That's Damon Somar I Isaiah. So I mean did Damon Star ever make a Allstar team? No, he was raw though. We just like him. We just, I ain't hating on him. Dammar. He was cold. But shout to Coach Somar, we just liked him from growing up his first year in the league. He was raw. I ain't gonna lie with tomorrow. I'm gonna have to take it over Damon. But somebody quiet bro. 13. Yeah he, yeah it's, if y'all tell me Nate Archibald can't say it down, I'm not gonna, I'm shout to it man.


Keep killing these niggas Brody.


The action is always heating up on the field at the draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draftking Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL All new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sports Book. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits if you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see eng.co/audio.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville, we're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink.


It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah it was like, do I send the heart now Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexi Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok and We've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday.


We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view and I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeart Radio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin Today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League.


It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deir, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Burki, That's short of Kaza Ruckus.


Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Respect man. Speaking of seven Sixers, they beat the hit outta RS yesterday one 18 to 1 0 4. Tyrese Maxey went insane yesterday with 43 points. Kelly Uber had 28, LeBron had 31 8 n nine unfortunately AD did get hurt in the first quarter. But a what Tyrese Maxey did to bro yesterday was very disrespectful and I know he didn't squat on points on him but the highlights is gonna show you all the ones he scored on him. So we gonna talk about it anyway. Yeah, that's a hard guard though.


You he came in, threw a turnover then got his mans punched though. Yeah it was, he the reason why 80 got hurt. Yeah. I said damn bro you been playing good too bro was getting sham got it all night. The first thing they said was see that G League shit don't matter. He was just killing it. Look at this shit like come on y'all. He was playing well in the G. Yeah bro. But it is a adjustment bro. When you go from having a chance to have a ball and being yourself and then you gotta go and I could play with my dad and I gotta like throw post entry passes. I ain't threw a post entry pass in three weeks. That's a fact. Like yeah it's about to be a turnover. I ain't even hitting the elbow.


Yeah they getting the ball screen. What's so funny about this game because you know Laker fans was like alright let's not overlook this game. Like this was supposed to be a gimme game for them. The Sixers haven't been performing well Ronnie get rotation minutes earlier. They thinking they about to have an easy win. Nope. Iris Maxey kicked they ass yesterday. I mean Mad Max bro. He he cold Tyree Maxey looked at that like hey stop fucking playing with me. Nah for real. Put that nigga in verse the goddamn jazz. Y'all playing with the church's money putting this nigga on me. Fuck wrong with you jj. I ought to throw this ball at your motherfucker head nigga putting this nigga on me. Y'all know bro. My young nigga. But that's out pocket three turnovers in 15 minutes. JJ you outta pocket.


Yeah Brony wasn't ready for that. Nah, not Tyree Mexican. One of the elite guards in the league. Yeah bro. I'm not saying Brony can't guard but he can't guard here. That's a, that's a lot of people can't. That's some fire to be thrown on. Yeah bro. And I feel like you know that's like a nigga guarding you that you know not to say you don't feel like he's supposed to be in the league but you like league. Alright now y'all playing too much bro. But anytime a rookie got on like you've been in the league four or five years, you get a rookie. It's like oh he Christmas, it don't matter who it is. They always trying to give you a welcome to the league moment. Yeah he got welcome. Yeah so shout out to Bronny bro. Getting a minutes for sure though. You just said Tyree fucked up you, your daddy and jj you your daddy Who made the call yesterday?


All three. Who you think bro? Bro said you ready Brian? Woo. Hey we averaging 20 in the G league. What we doing? We ready? We we're playing 15 minutes is a lot Brian first half minutes. What was his stats? Zero for five, zero for three. One thing I why I fuck with Brownie too. He is gonna shoot that motherfucking ball all me. Get them FGA up. That's one thing I do appreciate about him though. Yeah bro you in the game for a reason bro. That's crazy that he's shooting the league. That nigga would not shoot in college or high school. Yeah for real. Well he, he don't have a choice now you have to shoot the ball now they can't just put you in the game for defense. Yes they can bro because they put me Intyre Maxey.


What did he do? That's a hard guard though bro. So you better shoot the ball on the other end. I what Kim Reddish be doing. I love Cam man it was cool as hell. We played in there but damn bro. I dunno man Kim and Josh Christopher man are two of my biggest, nah I ain't gonna say let Downs but I'm like what Ifs like yeah like what the fuck happened? Yeah Kim Reddish was supposed to be cold, you know Who was mom? It was Ken Rad. Ken Radish is definitely one of mine. He was supposed to be cold Josh Crisp. I knew that wasn't gonna really be what it was supposed to be. You didn't had no fight for that? Nah, I seen it like they was, he was, nah this is red. You know who else I felt like that about Justice Winslow. I thought Justice Winslow was gonna be, I had quality years early.


Early but coming outta college, niggas thought Justin was up was the next one like he thought he was gonna be a next elite wing. I didn't Are you asleep? No I didn't like his game at Duke. I I understand Cam Reddish had hype like Adam Cam Reddish was like outta high school was like nah we thought he was gonna be tmac. Swear to God they played just a light. Nah for real. But Josh Christopher I knew I wasn't sold on that. Damn. Yeah I used to be like just 'cause you shoot a whole bunch of shots on me, you're gonna have to be cold. And I'm starting to look at, I like aj but if you really watch them play, nevermind You say that for a different conversation. Yeah I But you really watch his game. I watch his game like playing Mount Bird and shit. Yeah I'm like nah you ain't fucking winning.


Nah, it's gonna be a rough, it's gonna be rough at BYU. Okay. It's gonna be rough show man. Give Russell to Lakers man at ad. Hopefully he's not out for a certain period of time. We'll see the updates So you know if he is that means they will not be winning games. They went back home yesterday and took a L to the Blazer. Just watched 1 25 to one 12. Where they got the dub yesterday? I watched this game and we need to, hey we gotta ease up on Portland. They actually fun to watch. Okay we need to show some respect to Portland. Yeah I swear bro. Them young boys be hooping. They play fast. They picking up fool Court. Mm. I actually want Cooper Flag to go to bro. You wanna say Cooper de Chauncey? Yeah Chauncey. You know what's crazy? They'll fire Chauncey if they get Cooper bam they'll be on that.


Nah because Chauncey got something going with them young boys. DJ in this fire and shit is crazy. I'm not being funny. You How many times did that happen bro? He, they don't get black coaches some type of situation bro. DJ is worse than Amazon after peak season boy. Nah that's true though. They might fire, that's what they be on bro. I'm, I hate it. I would love for him to get a chance to play for somebody like Chauncey Bills bro. But you know how they go when new organizations reset. Oh we got a new savior coming in. All right. I need a new coach. New whole new. Yeah speaking about that you laughed at my 2K build. I'm on your ass when I see you nasty. Somebody sent me that. I'm on your ass when I see what, what's the, what's the boy's name that was was at the Wizard Avi what's his name? It was a Wing.


He played for the Wizards. He gone, he had 30 last night. I don't know how say his name. You know we butcher everybody. Sia? Yeah he was hooking shot. He had 30 or nine. His last name. I'm call him whatever Sja he has No his a. Yeah he got J. Y'all got some names on y'all motherfucker and a boy. Y'all got some names on that. They be bad at us too. I don't know nobody name girl. This is not, we dunno nobody name, you know. But we watch him though. He was cooking last night. He got 30, he was cooking, he'd go to the basket strong. He made some threes too but he was getting to that realm man. And I like the every Simon's name back and forth a little bit too.


Mentor regimen that was fire 25 and showed game a lot of love after the game telling him, you know he basically built the player that he is. Yeah, but I'm watching that Sharp off the bench. He coming in Sharp code, he can shoot that ball. Get to the realm Athletic Deandre Aen was playing well 21 and 14. Yeah. And then they got the big white boy from Yukon come in. Yeah do K Leman. Yeah they they got a solid squad man they play up ten four fast. I'm, I'm actually rolling and put him at the four spot because Jeremy grin got hurt. I think he rolled his ankle in the, at the beginning of the game and they end up putting what's this dude named Kamara? I don't nigga I I'm making this up.


I I know he start with a C he was a nigga. I didn't know he got braids light skinned fella but he was locking up bro. Like he was really, I ain't saying he was locking down but he was making motherfuckers frustrated out there. Yeah I seen GNI throw an elbow at him and I'm like Yiannis definitely. Hey Y should be doing some. Oh God. Giannis hit him with an elbow at the end of the game at the end of the quarter. Act like he was shooting the jumper. A full court shot like you ain't about to shoot that Giannis hit him with the bow. I seen it. But if you trade him out for Cooper flag man they gonna be solid bro. Hey what's crazy? I just had 39 and 12 yesterday. There you go. 33 what's his name?


Oh yeah he got a name on him. Yeah, Kamar. Yeah that's him. I was watching you last night young fella. He was locking up. Oh playing Will please scroll down a little bit because look, look how they missed a Rob Williams name. August said ask crazy. Yeah Robin didn't get in last night. He he gotta be on that trade block. Oh yeah they definitely all right. But I like, I like what I seen last night from Portland man. Alright, we got a question from the chat that said what's the difficulty in playing with Giannis bucks? Fans are complaining because we are better when he is a passer. What my name gonna do with that? Yeah I just, yeah he, he I was around, I was around what's the diff like what he such a dominant force but he's super ball dominant.


So usually when you are a power forward or a wing you usually are getting set up for buckets like right. You know the point guard will set the table for you. You run the lane point guard dish it to you, you do pick and rolls, point guard hits you on a pocket pass. Well with Giannis it is kind of different. He has the ball majority of the time So you gotta play off him. So Dame obviously Dame can play any kinda way. He can be a catch and shoe player, you can play off pick and rolls but with Giannis you become a catch and shoe player and it's kind of difficult to play like that if you used to having a ball in your hand. So once he becomes a passer and he getting guys open shots and he is looking like that, the game's a little easier if you got a bunch of shooting. But that's why like guys like Brent, Forbes and all those guys had career years when they was with Giannis because they just catching shoot players but dominant ball guards like I'm not dominant but I wanted the ball in my hand.


I wouldn't play well Giannis Drew Hol had to learn how to be a slasher damn near and I pick like playing the dunker playing with Giannis because he couldn't get the ball and it took dang to adjust. You know he had to adjust the way he played. Obviously we not seeing the same Dane we seen in Portland getting 60 points and shit. Like we ain't gonna see that from Dame right now 'cause he plays with another dominant player. But you gotta adjust your game playing with Giannis for sure. And then like we said game before last they both had 35. So obviously when it works it works. I may have just had a bad night for sure. Yeah I mean Dame so good that you, he gonna play without Giannis in the game and he gonna go off for quick 15, 16, you know what I mean? Yeah but when Giannis in the game he's such a dominant force that like why wouldn't you give him the ball?


Yeah it's proven to be successful for sure. Shout to the players man almost three wins away from the last season total with Chauncey. Man we talking about we had him on Goodwell soon a lot but show some love man. Man they get Cooper flag man it might be up in port. Keep Chauncey man. Keep Chauncey. They get rid of Jeremy Grant and put Cooper flag right there. They got a nice little young Cooper. Them having a white front court gonna be crazy. Jeremy Grant will be good somewhere else. Yeah free him for sure. Yeah he'd be solid somewhere else for sure. Him and Dominic Kleeman being a white front Court's crazy though. Nah Deandre ain't gonna be there. You don't think he going nowhere? Nah. Alright. Who he play yesterday? He keep doing that. He all for sure ain't nothing matter at that. Just happy he ain't a pacer. Rockets took Carry Hawks yesterday a hundred to 96.


Jalen Gray had 25 yesterday. Trey Young had 21 to nine. I don't care nothing about those stats. Please tell me do you see Billy Brook the back neck like that? He why he was on that with my young fellow bro. That was weird as hell. Like I swear I would've crashed out. It looked like that video of Nas where he performing A dude wiping the back of his neck. I crash. That's what that was outta pocket crash out bro. We got a picture of that, a video of that. Nah I got you right here. You post crash out right here man nigga my life. Why he cuff the back of his neck like do that the the to the ladies bro. Bro. I swear to God Supposed to crash out.


Yeah that's out pocket a wild boy like what is that he got, he got on Armband. He don't bullshit. I don't know why he do that. Oh that's a bandage but why did you grab the back of his neck like that? Like he like ooh I wanna hurt you little. Yeah I'm shitty. Yeah you gotta crash out Trey. Oh damn Scott. Hey that's what, matter of fact I need to talk about that with Atlanta. I love y'all. Y'all know how I feel about the Hawks but we gotta get a goon. Ain't no no where is James? Isaiah Stewart? Yes. Yeah ain't nobody supposed to be able tore can't somebody gotta protect re gotta Trey, Isaiah Stewart and I looked at our roster.


Can you go down, can you go to the Hawks roster? Where was Clint at Capella He supposed to probably back in Nigeria. He ain't from Nigeria. Come on Clint. You damn near from Switzerland or some shit like that. Oh that's why it neutral bro. Looking at our squad, we we don't got no squad. We don't got no we don't got no crash outs Dyson ain't he? He not gonna crash out that nigga. Gee he's on Visa. He chilling. He might be one of Lou Alde for people. They are. Larry Na died last night. Yeah we don't got that nigga Daquan plowing Daquan. Yeah you got, you got.


Oh I know he might be on there. Damn my boy Cody Zel is still in the league. Baby keep running that bag of my boy still in the bag. Nah, ain't nobody, we don't got no crash up. We need to, we need some, we need enforcer bro. Ain't know where in hell where Big O was at. Yeah y'all need Isaiah Stewart, y'all need that boy the big dude he used to play for O KC Big O. I ain't seen big old poster run on the court. I ain't, you know what I mean? It's all good though. Nah, they need to go back. Get your O team got nigga named Kean on that team. Go get Ivan Johnson signed him to 10 Day Ke Wallace definitely look like Amigo. That's Carson Wallace Brothers. Oh for real here. Damn. Oh that's hard. They family line issues though. Yeah two boys. You say look at Amigos for sure.


That's crazy.


Hey it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff like it's all colored. They changed it and the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah it was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexi Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view and I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full Circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's Up everybody? Id named RK today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way. NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah, You're still gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts. Burki That's sure to Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


But listen man, we talk about the All Star game bit. Jelly Green deserve to be an all star. Rocket's gotta get one. Right. Come on. He ain't gonna make it gonna be the one about say that's crazy. He having a hell of a year too. I give a damn. He better not make it over Ello. Well those gonna be the east and west situation. So from the west he gotta beat out James Harden. He ain't, you better not make it bro. Dang, that's tough. Yeah, he ain't gonna make it this year. He having a great year though. He a killer too. But I'm sweet for sure. More of this game at the end of the show. Definitely worthy for sure. The Warriors got a dub yesterday, 1 14, 1 0 3. It beat the jazz and know Steph. But they are the jazz, they're trying to win games right now.


I know they are in the Jimmy Brother Sweet Steak. So we should see how much that price is. I'm very interested to see if that can even happen and what they would give up. Do you wanna see Jimmy with them? I don't know. Yeah because I, I feel like if they get them then he gotta give up wig so if they could keep them together that wouldn't matter. Oh I'll get rid of wig. They probably won't come. Meana and some other people like I, I'll give up wig for sure. If you give up wig. I mean you got, Jimmy might not stay a high level of Jimmy Buter. Yeah, I'm swapping 'em out. There's still more than happy to do for this roster to do something though. Like I don't think that's dope. Yeah, I don't that shit unfortunately Jimmy ain't gonna fix shit over there.


Him and Draymond will be hilarious though. We shit good because I wanna see it happen. But send him to Phoenix man. It be a good team bro. They got, they gotta make another move. I mean of course they got competent champions and people who play the high level but I don't think that moved a needle, especially in the west this year. It's gonna be kills up top for them. Yeah, I, I don't know man. We'll see. But the jazz, they got a lot of trade pieces. You think they gonna get rid of anybody or they just chilling marketing. Everybody want him Walker Kessel too. And they not lowering the price. Yeah, they they, they want premium. I wonder why they want to get rid of Walker Kessler though. Yeah, for what? He like a young big like Yeah what are they building? Like I don't understand like Yeah I don't know what he, what he like 23.


He look like the nigga from Stepbrothers. Which one? The other brother Will Ferrell. And what's the other dude name from Taylor Knights. The one that had the drum set? Yeah, John Riley. What? How old is Walker Kesler though? I know probably 40. Joel me got the same birth certificate. Ain't no way that nigga go 30. He 23. Hell no. I'm saying that's why I understand what the jazz is. Why they want to get rid of a 23-year-old center that looks promising. They don't want anybody on that team.


Every guess. Somebody like come Dre for He's decent too though. Yeah, but I'm like he's real solid. He's a starting center in N nba. I'm like what do you He just like that dude. What do you, where do you start building at like a K Cooper. That's what they are like. But I'm saying you gotta have something around him like Yeah like damn you got Colin sex bro? Nah, that's they him. That's who you. Yeah like I don't understand. They said everything's for sale. You talk. So you said who gonna be here? Yeah, that's what I'm trying to figure out. Yeah Patty Mills, they out here just bullshitting around. Yeah, Kyle ows. Oh yeah. Lead a family for it. That's what they keeping.


They said we don't need so we got him. He too locked in. Yeah. Fuck the jazz. Yeah, don't watch the jazz. I know what to say about that but a lot of games tonight. See how y'all feel about em. That's at Hornets to B Game of the day. Hornet's by 20. Hornet's by 20. Gotta I ain't watching again. I'ma go Hornets as well for shits and giggles. Pistons at Pacers Pistons Imma take. Damn they coming off of Trip from Paris right? Yep. I'm gonna take the Pistons. That's cool. Patriot Monday line tap in rappers at. I'm just saying because y'all coming off a long flight. Respect, educated bro. Know how that be.


Yeah it's gonna be a little rust. Yeah we, we got smoke with them too so it's gonna be a good game. Rappers at Wizards go take a nap. Go y. If you're gambling on this game, call the hotline. You are degenerate. I don't know. I promise y'all when y'all talk about this tomorrow I will not know one stat. No I did not watch this game so y'all can talk all the shit y'all want. Yeah go crazy Rules at Celtics. I got Sed. Yep. So Calves at Heat Calves. I got the heat. Mm. I'm gonna go calves nuggets at Nicks nuggets. Nicks I'm gonna go Nuggets. Kings at 76ers Kings, Sixers they playing on high every away.


Team for me. Team. I wonder if D Fox gonna play tonight. I'll go Kings as well. Mavs at Pelicans Mavs bro. Most definitely. I'm taking the Pales Clippers at Spurs Flips I'm going Spurs. Yeah I beat our ass last week. They better keep playing like that. I'm going with the Spurs too. Yeah, well soon. T TSS sons. Mm that easy Rolling right now. I'm gonna go T Wolves. Why not under at Warriors? No, no question at all. Verified Bucket Behead. Who was getting to it yesterday? Yeah I'm have to give it to my excuse.


Can Ens man. Yeah, yeah EYU perfect game. Perfect game against Baylor yesterday. You know what I'm saying? Shout out to shout out to the young dog for sure. He was hooping man. Yeah my Verified Bucket ghost to Louis ARDS to games in a row. I think we played Wake Forest last night, something like that. Keep going crazy kids Pat. I'm going crazy. Yeah I for Pat Kelsey. I ain't mad we locked in. Yeah Wake Forest don't they don't send me shit damn out the gate. Pat Kelsey talking to me. Shit tap in Pat. Pipeline going. I'm doing recruiting for Pat Kelsey. Oh turn me up. Yeah shit that is true.


Five 20 we can't beat NIL for Louis required Don't step in Wake Forest don't talk to me so it's all good. My Verified Bucket. Send that nigga honorary diploma please. Shit my Verified Bucket bro. I'm gonna go with Avi Avida. I don't dunno how to say his name. Y'all correct me but my boy I watched you last night boy. You used to play for the Wizards. I know who he is. God Then you from Israel Double a man. That's what we call man. But I seen him hooping and now he was killing So he had 30 or nine. Yeah Tyrese. Maxey had 40. Come on man. 40 ball. That's crazy. Also a guy show some love Giannis man 39 is tough man. Even though he took a LI know that's normalized but still Giannis really be hooping.


Yeah his stat line this year is ridiculous. Which is crazy 'cause he would be MVP if he didn't already have VP that voted for shit crazy. If they gave it to him, I don't think nobody would be mad. I mean he not playing better in the state. No, no. If he got it would be criminal this year. But I'm saying the stat lines is like oh his stats is crazy. It's always ridiculous for sure. Man. Last but not least man, Colin Sexy had 30 yesterday. Who cares In case Y. Love the cares man. Shout to Colin. Man. Somebody got score. That team gotta get well soon. I hope they get Cooper flag because if not we just lost a French house for no reason. I pray they don't get Cooper Flag. Speaking about Colin S Sex and his Where he, did he go to Alabama?


Yeah he had one of the greatest performance observing. Is Avery Johnson still coaching out there? Hell no. Damn they got freaky out there. I been gone. Avery Johnson doing YouTube like us. Is he? Come on man. We about to bring freaky a on the show. Why the, why you calling him freaky? Oh that's allegations. Ain't no damn allegations. The real aj. Hey you see, you see that Polo right there? Def allegations. Hey I pop a fuck Google with that polo. I definitely was on some bullshit. Nah that nigga got no allegations man. That nigga do YouTube like us man. Oh for real. I got bro. I ain't lying. That nigga don't do no you look.


I ain't even, I ain't even here bro. That nigga do. That's some nigga playing football man. That's his grandson. He telling, he be telling stories like told one about how he got drafted and damn. What year? Shit. 86. That'd be 84 pre segregation. Talk about how he got cut after going to David Robinson wedding and shit. Oh yeah, he talked about how his wife but he was some about his wife paid all the stuff till he got to the league. Yeah. Yeah. And then he's queen, she held it down until he gotta league and then he got waved nigga after David Robinson wedding. Yeah he went to his wedding, got waved or some shit. You gotta keep her. She fun your life until you get to the league. You gotta, you gotta keep her.


Damn that's all the white girls in college. Alright man you'll sir. Moving on. I'm just speaking the truth. Y'all see them Alabama pitchers. Come on bro. Shout out to the New York Knicks. Y'all act like y'all see them pictures. I ain't seen them. No we see the pictures I ain't seen. Alright now they ain't Gobar talked about it. He said the reason why they're there. He said y'all see the potential. I just know about the black women taking care of niggas in college. Queens. I love my black women. I never seen Howard, Hampton, Alabama a m. They there to get they education, they taking care of those niggas.


They be there rambling. They not taking care of niggas. That's Club 20. I respect them but they not taking, listen I got black. My sister, no. If they was, I'd be like, nigga you look dumb, why are you this nigga's life that nigga is not making to the league. But Avery Johnson made it. He wasn't about to, you got a story. He was a right. Acting like what's name sister. Anytime Mike tells why you he ain't gonna the league. Look what Move dj.


I'm trying. Yeah, I'm just saying my, if my, if my daughter funny nigga, shout Johnson. My daughter better not be funny though. My dream, I swear to God. Oh man, if you using the money I'm sending you to help this nigga get a mix tape, we gonna league by his podcast microphone. Yeah, he's great. I'll be like this. I, I tried Especially because I think he went to like Grambling or something where he went, he went to a, he probably went to a prestigious black college way. That nigga talk went to hbcu. Yeah.


So no shade to the HBCUs. But not a lot of people go to the league out there. So yeah, your daughter funded Shannon Sharp. He went to a, I mean not a lot of people go to the league out there. So I'll be a little like, damn what we doing? You really believe Then she get with Lil Derrick for post row. Did you be shitting? Nah, because nigga Lil Derrick he had sixth grade kids. I would, no, what I'm saying is they, they a college man. Like my daughter, they a college man. No man. Let's talk about later. I wouldn't care. I'm just saying funding that shit. Like why you taking care of him? They get N bro and they get NIL now. Nah, every wouldn't get IL more food stamps. No. Nah. But shout out to her man.


For sure. Queen. She love here. Who Encouragement Mant. Y'all, y'all, y'all the the Alabama pictures. Y'all just see a nigga propose to his girl though for the Reds. They been killing Saquon Walkie too man. Killing me. Drop the video man of Larry n getting dropped by jg. Man these niggas crazy Niggas get y'all bad at Qua but she been holding him down alright. Oh my God. Good mood. Jalen. Yeah Larry Doll last night. Yeah sir, I wish he would've dunked it.


They put the Donnie Larkin sample on there. Mm. That's nasty. Wow. In and out. Killed his as Death of Blurry. He hopped up so fast. I would've found this shit out girl. I grabbed his leg. Michael Bus goes to Dyson Day. He was in the white bro. His boy right here so special. I'm telling y'all man. They looked at that nigga. That boy right there is special. Yeah, he different bro. Excuse me. Hey shout out to OTE man. I know y'all hype man. Yeah they're definitely de Prodi for sure. No I'm just saying that's a good look for them.


Hell yeah. I mean no shade the OTE but they was going be Yeah but I'm saying you know when they Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They feel like they came from us, we built them. We, nah that's they, that's they guys. So you Rob you know they got claim to Fame for sure. Yeah but them niggas was gonna be whoever they was gonna be for sure because Godly, I know 80 got hurt but still get well soon. Man. Ronnie set him up yesterday. Lemme see this what I'm ah this ain't bro. That ain't bro. Yeah yo zuna. But this what I'm talking about. See bro been in the G, he ain't been making no entry yo. Ah, you can't see me. Don't reach and get out there.


Oh yeah you gotta foul. You gotta do something bro. You gotta foul foul hard bro. You gotta take a charge you league nigga like Anthony Anderson now then nigga. Right Today Blackish Anthony Anderson. I watch that movie. Why Y DMX nigga this why we can't get on the show. Y'all just be roasting niggas. I like Anthony Anderson bro. Ain't some funniest hell what's the movie? Him niggas too bro. Hey dmx bro. I want nigga getting Yeah, I know what you're talking about. I want niggas stop getting so offended bro. Like Well they're offended.


No, no I got people still calling my phone. Dante quit calling me man. Hey Steven Chin quit calling me bro. What I say about him? Nah, he just sending me old video like this funny is fuck, I'm laughing at this for three hours. Yeah shout to Dante 'cause he get it bro. No because he ain't gonna say that shit out loud. Y'all know where he laughing at and I ain't saying it no more. Shout out to the twerk of th but I swear to God bro we just be joking bro. Like it is all jokes bro. Ain't coming at nobody, nothing serious bro. It's y'all can join on us. It's all love. Hey dude they do man. Have fun with it for sure man. They start calling me F freaky t yo. I wasn't even on shit. I just started singing a song. You, you was hype.


No I wasn't. I was hype 'cause they hit the fucking lights. I don't know where them came from. We been hitting this motherfucker for two years. I ain't never seen the lights was different. Production plan. They ain't tell us about that. We was all in. Yeah we was in the vibe. But anyway, glad everybody got me with my head there. I told you I didn't even, I don't even know them girls was coming nigga you picked them. Nah, I'm lying. That production team, I don't that are Party for 20 tonight. Yes, we're okay. Well on that note, where some crash out?


That's the best one we did so far. I fun today. I must have worked out. I got all but well it's nigga something else for N. He told on me like that. Nah, I was displaying but shit. You nigga you do that shit every shout man. Hey, somebody had his head down draft Kings. The Crown of George Never heard. That's a fact. Jordan Pool 20, RJ Barrett 20, Tyrese. Halliburton 20, yo Yoic 25, DeMar Rose, 20 Steph, Curry 20. Anthony Edwards is gonna get 30 on the sun tonight. Steph playing tonight? Yep. Okay. That's a random one. 2 67 gets you $12,000 today. 2 67. Yeah. I had a dream about them numbers so.


Alright. 2, 2, 6, 7. Get you 12 bands today. The Crown of George Never heard. Hey what was that one show called? Hey, I was wa this is just random. This is like some pie shit. But y'all ever watch Thea. Thea Big Thea. Yeah. Got the first Lipo 360 man. All right, fuck all that. But did you hear you ever seen the dude cut on Thea the Sun? Yeah. Yeah, on everything. He got one of the weakest ones. Him and the Black Power Ranger is crazy. Him and the Black Power Ranger, bro. I swear to God bro. Real talk. They should. I've never seen Thea before.


What? I swear I've never seen, bro. Oh, DJ you out of pocket tap in little bro. Cut was crazy. That's just a random damn. His shit was weak. Yep. I seen a nigga on Instagram posting the weakest haircuts on sitcoms and he was number one bro. And I was crying for like, damn, I had one season. They got them outta there. Yeah, that's why I ain't see this shit ninth through 94. Yeah, she went under the chamber after that. Child's a Miss Thea man, legend. Yeah, well I think I seen her on Wayne's brother episode. Brandy was on that motherfucker. That was a good show dj. That's crazy. You missed that one. I definitely did. I got spin the block on that for sure. Yeah. Well, hey Wilson, we appreciate y'all tuned in. I can't wait to record a pod tonight.


We gonna have a great time. We'll be back tomorrow morning. It gonna be five 20 in the Morning, The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeart iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexie Brown And Mariah Rose and We've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've Got you with analysis, insight, stories, and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.