
You're at a bar looking for a new beer. When you smell a citrusy aroma, it smells like sunshine and oranges. You see the bartender pouring a beer that looks refreshing. Only one problem. You have no clue how to pronounce the name Jayla. Is that even English? The bartender is now heading your way as you're about to order. Nice cold ally, you hear? Can I get a highlight? Highlight the best beer you probably can't pronounce.


I'm partnering with PayPal. This Black Friday Why settle for just one deal when you can stack them with the PayPal debit card. Earn 5% cash back on Up to a thousand dollars of monthly purchases in the category you choose. Apparel, health, groceries, beauty, or new for the holidays. Tech. Yeah, tech. Don't just pay PayPal terms And limit apply C terms at PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. This card is issued by the bank or bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard Internationally incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound on the tear. Be so light on your ear. It's like a dream For more. check out Bose dot com.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere and boom, you realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay, they've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch Up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


The Volume. Good morning. Happy Tuesday's five 20 In The Morning your favorite sports show here to keep you updating everything sports related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined by my esteem co-host. To my left I got my brother Bishop Hendricks to my right Teague Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing today? Chilling brother. Let's get to it baby. Yeah, cool and nasty. Let's get do it. They started off, they said the copyright laws between days. They said you gonna sue him like Drake. Who knew it'd be like this. What's up with your boy Drake? What He on? What he doing? Oh man that's a, that's a, that's a podcast question. Nah, It's bringing down his legacy we here. Is it bringing down his legacy?


Is that some whole ass shit? Some people is always funny but obviously this is a bigger play than some personal stuff. This is big business play probably above my pay grade to understand to be honest to you. Well he's a hoe. Fuck all that. That's sweet bro. Just rap bro. Get in the booth bro. Like Lado said, get in the booth. Yeah it is crazy man. I hate he doing that but whatever. Who Knew it be like this. Hey man listen, Celtics back in full power. Poor Zigs returned last night and you know what I'm saying? They beat the sleeves off the clippers about 32 yesterday. Came back with a smooth 16. Did y catch the game last night? I didn't catch that one but damn that's crazy. Listen Man, I knew the vibes. I told y'all You did but I did listen man, we always knew that this was gonna happen and we knew that the Celtics already looked amazing but him coming back last night with that team, man ain't nobody want nothing to do with Boston right now man.


It's pretty evident at this point. Like we gonna talk about how great they play 'cause they just keep finding ways to invent and make history and keep killing and I ain't gonna say under the radar, but we're talking about a lot more teams that we talk about the Boston Celtics and I guess is it just expected at this point since say champions? I mean they, they the new Golden State Warriors bro, they about to go on another run like that. Yeah they gonna go on a run. Hopefully they can go back to back three in a row, whatever, but they got the team to do it. I mean getting poor Zingus back, another Ram protector, another shot maker, they shoot 50 threes already a game. Then you get another pro, another great shooter that can shoot it from deep ball. But like they team just get better and better each day.


For sure. And listen, we talking about so many options that you have. Obviously we know who one and two is. Who would you say is the third option on this Celtics team? Or does it even matter? It probably don't even that don't even carry I don't think. Hmm. I mean it can change every game one day it can be Drew one day Derrick White now Peyton Pritchards in the mix and then another day it could be Zenga so then Al Horford he comes outta nowhere and have big games too so they just got a well-rounded team man with a bunch of guys that can make shots. Yeah man that's one of 'em teams that just say y'all don't need nothing, y'all just gotta stay healthy. Like you said get back before Thanksgiving. Now he's well arrested, know what I'm saying? That says he hadn't played since the finals but it's just crazy 'cause you look at this team yesterday in the second quarter they go 12 from 17 from three.


Yeah that's that's dangerous bro. And you don't look at that team thinking that they're an elite three point shooting team but realistically they are because they produce man name Saying Prichard. He's coming into the game just to do that. Yeah, Come on. Got a sniper. Yeah so they Got all their role players can shoot. Yeah. Which is crazy. Which is dangerous. I mean it's today's formula but they like executed that to a t, shout out to Brad man. And what's crazy is like, I mean injuries is part of the game but they got so much talent and so many people that can play if a injury you know happens they got enough depth to be like be able to cover like KD getting hurt for the sons hurt, the sons real the season for is being out for Celtics.


All right. You know what I mean? A lot of people low key forgot he was on the squad. My mama bro For real, people forgot he was on the team so for him to come back and them to clap them like this. Yeah it is wicked. I mean what's so crazy is like you'll have spurts, you'd be like dang the Celtics is cold. And you'll see somebody come in and kill one night like you said Payton pri come in randomly hit 6 3 1 game your next name, same house will go for seven. You be like, somebody gonna kill tonight. It don't even matter who it is, but they just gonna find a way to win. Man. They got too many pieces bro. Man listen we talked about the Clippers, you know what I'm saying? They just ran to a great team. Harden still killed last night. 19 8, 9. Almost a trippy dub. Derrick White, another 19 piece man. It's just crazy. Like they're going to do this to a lot more teams going forward man.


Yeah. Is there anybody in the east right now you think could deal with them in the series? No, Not in the series, no. Okay. So who's the team in the east who could give them the best series? Probably the Cavs. I think they fit for it. Like they got enough people to play with them. Hmm. You know like the way they built Evan Mobley can guard on a perimeter. Not most teams can do that like Giannis can. But Brooke Lopez is a handicap. Okay. He can't guard on a perimeter. Jared d can guard on a perimeter somewhat, but Evan Mobley is different so he can guard Jalen Brown or Jason Tatum and it's not like what is he doing out there? Yeah, nobody else can do that.


I was thinking that too. I was I star Paris. I wanted to say Milwaukee. 'cause you know Giannis iss a lot to deal with in the playoff series. Him and Dame can go win you a playoff game for sure. But like you said the versatility on the wings is just different and you need that for that team. Yeah. I don't I don't know if Giannis can consistently guard. I was just about to say that. Yeah. Mm That's I was just literally about to say that they too deep bro. Ain't no team, they damn there in the wants the playoffs star bro. They might lose two games And we'll get to this team a little bit later. Do you think the Knicks could match up with them in the playoffs at all or just from a personnel standpoint since they kind of built that team to have enough wings to combat them? Nah bro. Too much ain. Nothing yet. But chemistry ain't there yet for the next season. Next get it together probably, but it's probably a Wrap.


You know why? 'cause Kat, if they start Zenga Kat gonna have to switch all ball screens 'cause Zenga shoot all threes and that Kat got a guard. Jason Tatum, Jaylen Brown, Dar White put a bow on him. Yeah. Christmas tree. Yeah. And we know Kat liked to foul too. Yeah for sure. Man listen more Star power return Jaws back man came back yesterday for the team 22 and 11 G took care of the Blazers. 1 23 98 Belt to ass. Listen, anytime Ja Marin plays basketball you need to tap in 'cause his first game back, he already given a highlights man. Nah Ja, Ja Marin's that guy one of the most exciting players in the NBA man Who? Who more exciting him? Ello I don. I know we ain't there yet but just you know what, That's not a bad question.


It's not a bad question. I feel like the unfair part of that question is because Charlotte doesn't get as much exposure. Ja. 'cause we gonna talk about Lamella a little bit later in the show. Lalo be doing some shit. He doing, he be doing some OD basketball shit like the basketball fan that step back is ridiculous bro. That's first of off after he came off the screen on gun baton they dribbled like eight times in row like NBA street and then the snatch back one foot fade away three bro. Yeah he that's crazy. Ja Marran just more athletic. Oh yeah. I mean Ja Moran's dunk last night was crazy Bro. So that, I mean that helps a lot so far as the exciting conversation. But I'm, I'm taking Lalo And we ain't even get to the best highlight the the no look behind the back. You know what I'm no in the pass. Yeah that's crazy. We had a conversation on the pod about who was a better passer between Lalo and Tyrese.


Who would better pass between Ja Lalo Lalo Nah Ja is like nah bro that's Ja game highlights in passing like Dunking in passing. That's his game Bro. He can't pass the ball buried in the Lalo ball. Y'all wild. Ja Mar's a hell of a point guard. I'm not disrespectful but nah that's his eye is different bro. Nah, that's what Ja do. Lalo eye different bro. I'm asleep bro. Now I think, I think the difference from me in the conversation is I've seen Ja have to create so much for his team and distribute it may not always look as pretty as La Melos but I've seen him had to distribute the ball just for them to get a chance to get buckets in the playoffs. Nah, Ja I different I he average tennis in college.


Like I, that's what made me like him as a player. Is that the way he get his team involved like the athleticism. I didn't even think he was a like great scorer 'cause he couldn't shoot. Really? Yeah and I was like man he, he was a good point guard he could make plays but he so athletic and that way you Willed that team for sure. But his scoring developed more, you know what I mean? His eye, his passing, that's what made him good. He's more important to his team than Lalo but ah, so far his passion, nah John can take over a game better than Lalo. I thought Lalo always was Score Is trash. Always looked at Lalo as a scorer. Like ever since I ever heard of Lalo, all he ever got was Buckets getting 90 in high school Gooder.


Yeah Volleyball on threes. Yeah. But all I ever heard about him, I never heard about passing 'cause that Super City has passing ability. I mean to the eye. But I really think bro he's, he's dynamic I don't know what he is averaging for the year for a assist bro. But he one of the best point guards in the league for a reason bro. And it's not just 'cause of score. He definitely a capable passer but it's a difference between like a passing point guard and a point guard that can pass Lalo a point guard that can pass 'cause he really a score score. You giving him James Harden like I think he saying Trey Young like, like Trey Young guy a crazy eye like he can pass pass. Yeah but LA Mellow more of a score that I can make two people guard me.


I got enough skill to get two people to guard me and I can find an open man. So you'll throw him like in a a Russell Westbrook or a James Harden type? Yeah he not you gonna put Ja with like Chris Paul the Kid. Yeah Ja they like that because you gotta think like Rondo the best passer 'cause you gotta think Yeah people was guarding Rondo at the free throw line, under the free throw line. Kind of same thing they do with Ja. They go under a lot. Yeah And they gotta navigate like you seen that pass he threw last night. He gets stuck in the lane. He turned his way, throw behind his back. They got, that's how they had to play 'cause they weren't never known as scores and shooters or whatever. But Lalo always had a burner like since he was a G. Nah Facts so you know what I mean. It's like Steph Curry effect. Like I could shoot so good so I get two people on me.


I can make you close out and now you have my mercy and I'm a good enough player to throw dimes like Lonzo had a better eye than mellow. Yeah, I'll give you that. I'll give you that. I like that breakdown. I'll roll with That. And the way the Hornets got, the hornets have to win with Lael scoring. I mean Ja obviously he shoot 30 shots. He shot 30 shots last night. Like he is, he has to Score. His niggas only had 84 so shit what y'all Want? I'm just saying what Y'all want me to do? No we gonna, we gonna break that game down a little bit later but I saying like Imma score if you can shoot 30 times you'll score that's not include free throws not include free throws at all. Before we get off this topic man the grizzlies at full strength. Are they dangerous in the west? No.


No you yo the job factor ain't good enough to him Get a first round Win. I look I love Ja I told y'all at the beginning of the season he is the most important player to any team in the NBA bro. Mm. What he does for that Memphis Grizzly team Like I don't know when he's not there bro it is different a sucking place bro. So I just don't see them competing with the Dallas Mavericks or whoever else is up there. They can't beat the different nuggets bro. They fuck around the sweat. I just, he, it is just hard for me to see 'em being healthy the whole year. Yeah because we haven't seen it in a while. Yeah and I'll ask is there, what piece do they need to be contenders in the west? They need, they too like y'all just said Zenga leaving, we almost forgot Zenga own Celtics bro.


Yeah straight up there's nobody and no we didn't, of course you can't replace Ja but it's nobody to fill that void just a little bit until he get back. Like if he's out for the season they might be a lottery pick. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You saw they got Zack Eddy off the strip All last year but that's what I'm saying. So they need probably like two or three more players bro. For real. I think Ja needs another Allstar. I mean you got Jerry Jackson Jr. Obviously he is been in that situation a really good big young talent in the league. I think He don't who without y though. I'm saying they need another wing like they need another for, I can't even see another player that could be dynamic to be with them. Mm. Could they use a camp Thomas somebody who could come off the bench and just get FGA up? Shit they could use Zach Levien.


They need somebody who can score bro. Yeah. I wouldn't be mad. That's a good thing. Exactly. Ain't a bad situation though. Damn. That's interesting. We'll, we'll we'll look on that subject for Sure. They they need somebody who can score the ball. Hey when, when Ja out like y'all said he draws the defense so much you in the NBA bro. So if I pass you bro I'm gonna, I hopefully you'll make this motherfucker but he needs somebody to take over the game like Ja let me see it bro. Take a rest. You know what I'm saying? I got it bro. Sit down, I can carry the third quarter. Get your rest in the fourth. Yeah, that's interesting For sure. Hey man the Knicks beat the sleeves off the nuggets last night. 1 45 1 18 OG and nano 40 points man fresh off the victory. Three conversation we slide and we showed us he and there No wonder why the Africans was in my dms.


I didn't know that. Oh 'cause of og. Yeah I thought it was DoorDash comment. Nah Og they was just like well be here. Why don't you tap in with og? My fault I'm out of pocket. OG had a 40 ball yesterday went crazy Kat 30 and 15. He went 12 for 15 from the field goals Jalen bru to 23 and 17. We slotted that big three yesterday. They put the belt of ass to nuggets last night. Man that Is cold in The Yeah Cat be bro bro Catt be killing man. I say it all the time. One the players players I ever play with is just his voice bro. That's it. That is crazy bro. 30 or 15 man Is Kat in shape or outta shape? Shit he look like he in shape Cat Bill Crazy be to say bro.


That's crazy. Nah but he really be killing bro. He's super, super efficient for Sure bro. Damn he, I mean Joker had a light night happen 22 7 to seven, you know bad night for him. But shout to Russ Rus Brook man he may hit. Yeah it's crazy that Yoka light night is 22 7 to seven niggas would dream for them career averages bro. But show some love to Russ. Man he went crazy yesterday in the fourth at 24 points. Man. Only two other people have done that over the age of 36. That's MJ and Jamal Crawford man All Russ, Russ special. Yeah I know he to him he a winner bro. I don't think he, he probably don't give a damn they the way they got smacked he, he just out there hooping. Hey I still, hey listen man the Lakers years the way they disrespected him bro for him to go kill like he did yesterday, I'm happy just to have no moments Russell West bro.


Bro he's back in the accolades bro. Y'all see the video where he was saying ad was soft? Yeah he was talking crazy Jack. Yeah he was talking crazy. He real a winner bro. I like that. I told you I'm be making this I don't be making it up. That's how Westbrook talk bro. I believe it. He Goes crazy Bro. I believe it bro. Remember that game where they, I think it was one of the first games they played Golden State where K was there that was getting smacked and he was still talking shit like in the third quarter. He was like I'm still coming pause. He was just like Bro look at the scoreboard we 30 money. He was like nah bro I'm still killing y'all. It's like Rush just on that no matter all the time. That probably fueling the play though. Hell yeah. What I think is dope about it is everybody talks about him off the court too. They're like yeah on the court Russ gonna compete. He's a great teammate off the court. He a solid one and I think that's universal right.


Like you said he takes the game seriously but off the court he a real one too. Hell yeah I I heard good things Bounty. For sure, for sure. Man look Nicks five of the last six man they getting dubs, they kept catching some chemistry was going on. They trying to figure it out. I see getting a a role win in Denver is so tough 'cause of all the cer sacrifices you gotta make like the day before you gotta go run in Denver, like you gotta go to the court and like real life sprint because the altitude so you gotta like try to catch your breath and all that stuff the day before and it's like that's not normal for a NBA player to go run sprints and stuff the day before a game. Damn. But you gotta do that in Denver. Damn that's game.


I I never knew that. Yeah They were talking about the altitude and feed people like you like playing in Denver on a back to back. It's crazy. I heard about that part. I'm just saying this nigga's talking about you got a Usain boat out There. Nah you do. You gotta try to like catch your win 'cause it's I it swear like Hakeem Elijah couldn't even play there. Yeah like he had to sit out games there 'cause he couldn't catch his breath but like the day before they tell you man that they called this little man, this little man gonna hop on your, on your hip bro and you ain't gonna be able to breathe. And I ain't believe it the first time I played there but that first game I tried to go out there, I was huffing and puffing, couldn't catch my breath in the first quarter but like nine minutes on the clock I'm like I need a sub like yeah I told you better sprint day before so Yeah And it's kind of tough to sleep there too.


Damn Like don't be a fat like, like a heavier set dude. Damn Hennessy don't set this the dead Damn ember's.


NBA cup is here and you can win big Getting in on action at Draftking Sports book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in the single elimination and season turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the Draftking Sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right. Club five 20 CLUB five two oh and bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. All the on DraftKings the crown is yours


Yo this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite desk style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rare trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any Doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling, their retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and follow what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


What's good. Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream For more. check out Bose dot com


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit SH u.edu today to get started.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now that the holiday shopping season is in full swing, my PayPal debit card, a real MVP, I'm out here stacking deals on deals and with this card I'm maximizing every purchase. That's why I'm calling Black Friday stack Friday. One of my favorite ways to rack up cash back tech love it between holiday shopping and grab-able gifts. I'm shopping for tech more than ever are you? I am with family and friends visiting those gifts pile up fast thanks to 5% cash back. I'm earning every time I shop for tech. Here's the best part. Each month I get to pick my cash back category and earn 5% on Up to a thousand dollars in purchases. So for me, tech is a no-brainer. Whether it's gifts for my family, latest products to add to my collection, I'm stacking up those deals. So this Black Friday, turn it into Stack Friday 5% cash back on a category of your choice. Health, groceries, beauty, apparel, and just for this holiday season tech don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit apply. See terms at PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. This card is issued by the Bankcorp Bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated. It may be used everywhere. MasterCard is Accepted


with millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's. Who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies. Which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from HA to to Amazon books. That reading feeling awaits.


Oh for real bro, that that's too different bro. The real homeboy band bro. I swear bro. That's why they used to smack people in the first quarter, bro. You be tired bro. If you ain't tired boy they had the loud up there. So between both of them boys is in there taking Ls in Denver. Boy man Ls bro. That's crazy. Alright. What's what's crazy though is not to do that but like one of the guys that played for Denver for a long time told me they play home games and then when they went on the road they'd get used to like our altitude. Right. You on a five game road trip. Then when they go back home they gotta get back used to that again. So they'd be like dead tired. I was like damn, that's crazy bro. Yeah. You know what I mean? I'm like damn. So we gotta show more respect to yo 'cause Yolk is up there killing, you know what I'm saying?


With a disadvantage low key. Yeah because he's definitely not in shape, more shape, hip or Cap. He probably in the best shape though now as he play up there. Like Kobe and em used to go train in the altitude in the summer and boy that's tough. Alright y'all ask y'all to rank these Eastern conference teams. We got the bucks, the Cavs, the Celtics in the Knicks. Who at four bucks, bucks at four or we got a three. A Knick knick calf. So calf two suit. Okay now of those outside of taking the Celtics out, who you think will win between the Knicks and the Cavs in the series? Cavs?


Are they on CVEs? I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say the Knicks because I think that's a better matchup for the Knicks. Break it down nasty. I think they match up well because like you said they got wings and stuff like that but like the Knicks got Cat. Yeah Like he's a definite 30 points. Yeah and Jared Allen coming out that paint guard cat for shot. Yeah. Jared Allen got a guard cat and it is different than Guard Portus. Yeah. Like poor Zingus is a stretch five. He going to, he gonna get 15, 16 points. Cat getting 40 in And out. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. He going to the three the block. Then you got Jalen Brunson who's a little different than the Celtics.


Like he's a point guard dominate the ball. You gotta guard pick and roll all the time. You can't switch Darius Garland on Ka no. Or OG NanoVi blah blah blah. But with the Celtics he can kind of hide a little bit 'cause of Drew and Derrick White, they kind of more of his size like, you know what I'm saying? He can guard them but the Knicks is a little different. Jalen Brunson post up he played super aggressive and ain't gonna get you in foul trouble too. And then OG N and Nobis 6 9 6 8 Mikel Bridges six eight. Yeah they got big wings that are a little more paint driven I would say.


Hmm. Ball and Celtic shoot with a lot of three. Yeah. So a little bit easy for them to go hot in the win and switch off and fade to the corner because you know how they go with JT and jb. Yeah. I think the one thing that people are interested about the Cavs is like yeah early success, everybody rocking with it. They're like, are they gonna be that one team that has a great regular season but they get in the playoffs and realize all y'all played out your mind but when it come down to matchups, y'all can't really just beat this team. Y'all trying to say that 2015 boy Hucks. Oh we made to Easter cabs spot. I just, I I wasn't gonna put that some on y y'all, y'all killed differently than them. Y'all was whooping shit bro. I ain't going, I ain't gonna put the allegation on them Yet. No they was too. They good the Cavs were too but I just think I don't know man. We ran to bro though. I, I say they, they killed a whole season too so I gotta show some Look Every ran in LeBron.


LeBron did LeBron different LeBron. Yeah. Yeah they keep put up the JR r Smith clips in the game for y'all. We'll talk about that on the podcast one day. Yeah but last but not least Nuggets is they tied up with no clothes man. Do they need to make another edition or they just need to get to the playoffs? That'd be cool bro. Just get them to the playoffs. Okay. Yeah go ahead. I think losing Caldwell Pope hurt them though. Mm. Like that chemistry that they had. I think it might just, you know they might have run they course now bro. I hear what's my boy Murray saying like they ain't focused and stuff like that. Ah like spending days in la. Oh Jamma Murray on that? Nah, he said that he was like when they got blown out he was like man we not even focused bro.


We stayed an extra day in LA after being them. We ain't focused. Mm. And when you start hearing stuff like that, maybe it light a fire under your team a little bit. Like let's lock in. Yeah but that's just chemistry like or you know what I mean? Stuff that they don't Stay in the extra day in LA is crazy. That Sometimes necessary. We talk about the home court in Denver man sometimes La undefeated too. Yeah, I don. But that's crazy that he said that the way that he started this season. Obviously somebody respond to that. That's what I'm saying. Like a PJ gonna come out and bite you. Damn I don been locked In the room. I hope that locker room ain't breaking down because that'll matter. I Doubt especially with the type of coach they got bro. I, I match. That's probably Austin in tech. I think he just trying to light a fire under his team. Like let's, let's get rolling 'cause we better than this be better than that.


Jamal Murray cover these parlay you've been playing in my face all season bro. Yeah you these Interviews bro. Josh Hart told you yesterday on Twitter he does not care about your parlay. Well if you're taking anything the overrun Josh Hart then you probably need to call the number in the hotline. He Was speaking for the NBA. No we why he was taking the unders. I'm taking the over on his rebound. So now he nah I cat there now. Oh I forgot all take the under. Yeah, yeah take the under C it all the rebounds for sure. Man. The Thunder took care of the Kings yesterday. 1 31 0 9 SGA 37 and 11. Nah that's light. Light day. He is crazy bro. Light day The New Jay wheel 20 a five man. He allstar ball him bro. I swear he gonna keep playing like this. He gonna have to get in the Allstar game man. He, he is a Allstar.


Okay. Talk about it. And he don't make the Allstar team. He gonna get paid like one Jalen Williams killing right now with That. Yeah. Pain like one. Yeah pain Like one all 22, 6 and five. Yeah that's an A SG bro. Show love Isaiah Hartstein do what he do best. 19 and 10. DeMar Rose killed yesterday 30 and six but man the kings struggling. Kings are struggling man. They, you know what I'm saying, they been losing a couple but if Isaiah Hartstein gonna do this, imagine what they gonna do when check it back. They're gonna dominate the paint bro. It's all bro dominate. I gotta see how they play together though. I have to see. Yeah you can. That girl That's what scary ass team bro. The Thing I like about OKC coach though, he said he don't got a set star in lineup so he said I'll start anybody like I might start harden star with Chet.


I might not. It don't matter like whatever the game say. Yeah if everybody on the same court bro they, that's a scary team. They damn near just as deep as Boston. Hmm. That's interesting. They are though. I don know. I don't know they deep bro. That's, that's a deep team. They eight man eight, nine men then They match up. Man I don't even, I ain't gonna say they match, they do match up well 'cause Lou Dot started making threes. Yeah he shooting a high three now. He yeah He can guard Caruso is Caruso. I mean he ain't Drew but you know what I'm type of Derrick white type role. Yeah, similar. I'm telling y'all that's a, but Jalen Williams is more of a, a Derrick White like he get blocked. That's a fact. He do a little bit. He, I think he a better, I ain't gonna say a better player, I like Jalen Williams more but they very similar of a player.


Yeah. Only thing that's hard with the Celtics mode is that you got two elite wings like that with JB and JT because even though you got SGA who's probably one of the best guards in the NBA should be the MVP hopefully, you know what I'm saying? He can get it this year but that wing situation different when you gotta go between them two but but they got two elite wings Jalen and and SGA. Well I'm if you count him as a guard but I'm not But if you saying Wingy I agree for sure Then Che cold y'all I'm really cold so I know y'all not saying he sad but he cold Y they front court I think is is definitely in comparison with them for sure. But who if Chet play the five cool then Jalen at the four like Jalen can match up with JT Can play if Che is at the five.


Huh? Al Horford can't play. If Cheddar is at the five, why not? You can't guard him. Ah. Oh that's what du that might be a tough one. No, no, no, no, no. I think that chess cooking him for sure but He is bro but I've just seen Al Horford compete in situations where I doubted Him. No disrespect bro. No, no We were, it's a great conversation but after what he did to the pictures last year, bro I'm not doubting out Holford every day. That's my ptsd T that dude guard I love Al. That's Jeff man for sure It ain't 'cause of that. No I'm not saying, I'm just saying I don't want nobody to feel like I'm sliding. It is just different. Che is different bro. But Chet's supposed to be able to cook him for Sure. Yeah this Point. But I'm cool with Chet trying to go out out Horford you take away him like SGA having a rock going at.


Cool, that's fine. I would love to see that matchup But it gets spooky after that. Like it get spooky. Like who Guard like Lou Dork can guard Drew or but Lou Dork gonna be on Jason Tatum. Yeah. Mm. You have to. Yeah that's a Wi Night then Jalen Williams gonna be on Jalen Brown. It depend on who hot. That might be a game. It depend on who Hot that Derrick White and that that Derrick White and Drew Holiday match where get kind of spooky like if you got Yeah that's what I'm scared of. Isaiah Joe Drew holiday cook session. Oh yeah it is gonna have to be car Blender mode For sure. Or if y'all got, what's this Carson or Elgar? Carson Wallace? Yeah they get kind of spooky right there.


That's when it start getting weird because they, they fourth and fifth option are all stars. The Celtics. Olympians. Oh Olympians. They just have a crazy as it is hard to compare them to anybody else. That team damn are not really fair For I was thinking that was the closest thing to them. And then like, because Drew Drew fuck around hit you for a 30 on accident. Yeah bro. Here run off three threes in the third bro whole game up. Like Okay, my bad. Why Cliff? I I forgot about you, I forgot About you. Four fifth option are like really good solid player we call lesbian and all Stars our four fifth hundred percent. Yeah. It's just not bad free. We still here. My bad. Once what they say in the beam, once you assaulted you always Acel. Shout out to Bell Simmons.


Who said that? I don't know. That's what they said in the Bean. They told me, listen, I I didn't live there. I'll respect a you Oh One five is good for life. Shout to E will. Oh Nah, hell nah. What, what the third need to do to compete in the west man? Just stay healthy. Yeah. Yeah they be cool. Yeah, they'd be cool. They cool out there bro? Yeah, get healthy. Oh we sound like Ja Morant we cool in the west? Yeah. No, no they are bro. They gonna make the playoffs. Yeah they got, oh no for sure. I mean they they're expect to be a top tee. Yeah they can get shut back and Chet whatever his name is when they get him back. I like to see that whole dynamic.


Okay. But I think they're good though with heart and style playing like he's playing. They good. I'm a double machine with the Kings. We expect a little bit different results this year with DeMar. They start off solid but they ain't been as good as late. What the kings seat to do?


Yo this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion, our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and ventures pods where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any do yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


What's good. Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound on it to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream For more. check out Bose dot com


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now that the holiday shopping season is in full swing, my PayPal debit card's a real MVP. I'm out here stacking deals on deals and with this card I'm maximizing every purchase. That's why I'm calling Black Friday stack Friday. One of my favorite ways to rack up cash back tech love it between holiday shopping and grab-able gifts. I'm shopping for tech more than ever are you? I am with family and friends visiting those gifts pile up fast thanks to 5% cash back. I'm earning every time I shop for tech. Here's the best part. Each month I get to pick my cash back category and earn 5% on Up to a thousand dollars in purchases. So for me, tech is a no brainer. Whether it's gifts from my family, latest products to add to my collection, I'm stacking up those deals. So this Black Friday, turn it into Stack Friday, 5% cash back on a category of your choice. Health, groceries, beauty, apparel, and just for this holiday season tech, don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit supply. See terms at PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. This card is issued by the Bankcorp Bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century. Viking is different to Luna's who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies. Which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from to to Amazon books. That reading feeling awaits.


They got too much of the same position. Mm. And Malik Monk been out too though. But like haven't had Malik Monk. Ke Ellie's been playing a lot of minutes, but yeah, but I just feel like DeMar and Keegan Murray. Yeah. It's like they all like these wings. Yeah. Ke I don't, I don't like Ke Murray with DeMar Ke Murray cold though. But I feel like they, they don't know when to let the other one shine for real. I mean Deebo is more of a score or he can facilitate too. And Dion Foxy gonna get buckets too. I just think the, it's like a whole bunch of scores on one team with no like set roles.


Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Like when Malik Monk get back, he coming in and get buckets. Kevin herder, he want to get buckets. It's like a whole bunch of wings and they all shooting guards. Yeah, that's and just like, and then you got a scoring point guard. It's just like a weird blend. Yeah they, they gotta mix it up a little bit. Man. I think they need less is more like if they just had, I could see that DeMar DeRozan and Dere Fox and then they just had like Keegan Murphy is a good player but he is a catch and shoot type of guy that matches some bonus and somebody else, another catch and shoot then they might have a different team. But when you got Kevin Herder, he's a catch and shoot player. He can shoot but I play with Kev, he want the ball, he wanna run pick and rolls.


He wanna, he wanna be the guy. Then you got Malin Monk. Shit he a guy too. He got paid to be the guy. Yeah. Yeah. So it's just a weird blend for sure man. Yeah. Gonna say my boy gotta get back healthy but yeah, well soon Kings man. Yeah it's all good. Listen man, we got a couple good games going on tonight. Start off with the Lakers and Sons now. KD without Brad Bill. Man, what they gonna do? I think they back KD Play tonight. Yeah. Oh he playing tonight? Yeah. Shit. Okay. Yeah he bet he'll Man. They been won to six in eight absence or five since Bill went down. They gonna bounce back. Oh Yeah, they smacking the Lakers tonight. Oh okay. Yeah I'm Lakes are two games loose. Strict too. Yeah, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take the sons KD K third Time's a charm.


Said he was looking good in practice so I'm gonna go with KD 30 piece tonight. Okay. So that's gonna be in the Be Him Parlay today, the crash out Parlay? Yeah. KD with a 30 piece tonight for sure. All right. So who getting the dub tonight? I'm going with Sons. There's, there's no question my Boy Bud looking. Oh he stressed out out there in Phoenix. I thought the weather was better. Yeah. Yeah. Boy Bud on no Marl Pearls Bud looking like Hupy Brown boy. But I some water out there. Why they do bud like that? They coulda gave Bud a dad cap to throw on man. Yeah. Why the had my man looking like that? He ain't that old Out Man. I'm gonna text you man. I'm just make sure everything alright out there man. Them niggas stressing him out. Yeah. All they wanna do was smoke weed.


Get It ain't a lot to do with Phoenix though. Shout out to Phoenix last night gained Lewis we talked about a little bit earlier but the magic beat, the Hornets 95 to 84 was killing. He had 21, Lalo had 44 9 to seven and B Mill had 20, they had 64 of the worst 84 last night. That's wicked bro. I told You you can't score a hundred points bro. You're gonna lose, you can't score 90, what is it? You suck at this point you trash, you can't score up 90 points in this NBA In 48 minutes. That's tough. And what's crazy is people were just like why would Lalo shoot that shot? He had 44. He can shoot whatever he wanna shoot if he's the only person scoring like this. Don't ever ask me why I'm shooting this shot.


Which shot? Oh that, that that highlight the topic key? Yeah. He just don't Get Lalo in Australia right now. He went back. Yeah Fuck bro. He shot 30 times last night. It's Chino Hills bro. Yeah For real. That's how he who bro. 17 him Last 17 for 30 ain't bad either. Damn. 44. Yeah It's a good day. That's a great day. Yeah but damn the confidential shoot 30 shots. Yeah. How many Sissy had seven. So that means all them probably went to be Mill. Yeah so that's crazy. Them too. They out there having fun. I like that Bro. A ball working. Your stats bro don't better.


Yeah I like that Don. That all. Oh the Pising took care of the rappers yesterday. 1 0 2 to a hundred, Jayden, Ivy, you know what I'm saying. Got the call 25 a yesterday with the game winner. That was tough. Shout out to them Detroit boys. I told you I'm a fan. Glad to see Tim Hardaway back out there walking boy. Yeah we thought it was over with. He caught a couple people's elbow one game. We thought it was over for Tim. Glad he bounced back Facts but Jayden Ivy is a player man. He having a great year. Yeah, Kade Cunningham was out. He stepped up hit the game with her. Shout out to him. What? What you call him Boys counted the Jay Ivy out man. What You call Jay Ivy? Oh the pastor Kurt Frank. That's choir boy from Five Heartbeat Neath that You caught him an evangelist. That's Why.


That's why Evangelist Ivy. Shit. Jay even got baptized and turned up. Hey that's far the real rebrand. Nah for sure though man he people, a lot of people counted him out bro. For Real man. What was the coach who got fired last year? I can't think of his name right now. That was Sidney? Yeah, I can't think of his name. He came from Phoenix Mon Williams. Mon Mon Williams bro. Monte Williams almost messed his career bro. He playing his face bro. Fuck Keely and Hay's story bro. Yeah, yeah Monty, listen bro we know you was trying to get that last shake and bounce back bro. But you always messed up his career Bro. Nah, dead ass bro. Playing at what's his, that boy name Kee Hayes. I'm nothing on over Jayden Ivy bro. I'm nothing on Keean Hayes ever playing no shade bro. I'm just telling you bro. I played against him.


I said he is not an NBA player. I'm not haying bro. Yeah you saw baby early on that I was like nah bro, this especially not with Jay and Ivy on the bench. Nah facts. So see him get his shot bro. That's that's what's up bro. You got, you got blessed And it was far. He had the film me there too to get the game winner. That's far bro. Yeah that's hard. South Indiana for sure. Patience took care of the Pel 'cause yesterday one 14 to one 10 Halliburton. We backed my boy 34 and 13 some slight. There you go. I gotta show some love to for Payton man. You know what I'm saying? Roster since 2022. He came back last week 'cause you know the Pelicans, they need all the help they can get. My boy was killing yesterday man. 14 7 21 assist man that's amazing man. Second most of the franchise behind Ron though man.


Shout out to that man bro. Man Y'all almost lost to the Pelicans bro. We smoked that game too. We was up big too. We almost smoked that game too. That's crazy. I like how he kept being persistent though. 'cause if I ain't been on the roster since 2022, yeah I probably would probably would've went overseas or something. So him gonna keep being persistent. I'm guessing he was doing the G League and stuff. Yeah he was mad at too. Which made it funny. He was in Fort Wayne last year for the Pacers and then so hey listen being ready bro. Taking care, taking them opportunity man. We talked about like campaigning stuff a couple years back. Yep, he was at the crib. Ended up going on to, you know what I'm saying? Playing in the playoffs. Hey be ready when your name is called man you definitely gonna, we probably going stay with them for the remainder of the season bro. You getting 21 sis bro. Ain't no way you can cut me for Jose Ado come back like no disrespect but damn bro I, I'm getting 21 assist.


That ain't, you know what I'm saying? That ain't easy. Jose better than him though. I ain't saying he ain't bro. Ka. Oh Kat yeah he is. No he is not. I swear he ain't. Yeah I love Pay was the number 10 Pick for a reason Bro. Respect, He's the top 10 pick for a reason. Respect bro. Respect the number that you win in the draft bro. I'm, I'm asleep. Will Alvarado do better than him? I look at his stat since he been back with the pellets. Go back please think I only played two or three games. Will Alvarado do better than him Play basketball bro? Nine, five and 11. Okay that's Keep killing though bro. Get that, get that check. Get that Extendo bro on that check bro. And he Gorgeous as good as Alvarado and I ain't hating I don't, I mean none of them name my niggas but I just watched basketball and I seen him play.


Mm. Alvarado became a fan favorite 'cause of that swiper still and getting hyped and stuff and he can hoop not hating, he can hoop. We love Energy guy. Yeah he A straight energy guy. Don start, he a straight energy guy. Energy guard too. He ain't even big energy guard. Yeah Energy guard for real. You know he got that TJ McConnell not as good as TJ but he got that TJ McConnell one. I said don't disrespect TJ Nash like that but Oprah Payton got that too though. And you seen it last night? Nah he was killing yesterday. Yeah. Yeah for sure. Trey Murphy came back even though we didn't know what we recorded yesterday. Smooth 24th piece. CJ McCullum listen Tyrese two good games in row. Keep it going my boy. Play the hoop Tyrese. We need it man. We need it because everybody else in the NBA coming back except for the players on our team but God we That's a good to be win for the Rs no cap.


Oh For for sure. We was on Tru TV last night. The master carrier Hawks yesterday 1 29 to one 19 Kyrie went crazy. Yeah, I told y'all what needed to happen for them to be a good team though. And it happened. Facts, everything that you said for the team to be successful. Yesterday was fully into fruition yesterday you had a group performed in the, everybody shout Jayden Hardy took the opportunity to the fullest and killed yesterday. Auto roll players took care of double digit situation. Kyrie took him home in the second half. Man. Yeah I told you Spencer Denwitty had to step up. You did say that And he, for him to be contributed last night for sure. Yeah, he had a big game last night. He was struggling all year for him to bounce back, having a moment. He just had to get comfortable. You know he ain't played much this year. Not having a chance to had a ball in his hand a little more with Luca being out.


He stepped up, they got a big one in Atlanta. They threw a party afterward. Shout To Jalen Johnson though killing And he is in the new was killed Atlanta. Nike commercial. I seen that too, like you said Tre Young had 18 and 16 yesterday. Jalen Johnson 28 and 11. Even though the Hawks ain't winning all these games, they do look like they having fun playing basketball. They do. And I, my bad, I ain't hit you back about that commercial. Oh shit. My fault. My fault. Nike still on table. Yeah, they seen the Underarm ad. They was like, ah, This nigga, if this nigga is taking an Under Armour call, he ain't ignoring no motherfucking Nike call. So I want y'all to know that. Right. Goddamn damn, damn no New New Balance called New Balance. I want y'all, I want, y'all know that damn nah.


New Balance had called me so No, he caught that as some type of fundraiser. Sure can take is over for Ka called see without doing like I know Kaw call, he ain't even got no phone. Listen, he ain't got internet. Oh shit We were all wrong yesterday now. No I wasn't. Oh excuse you. Except be here in the Warriors header. The next took care of the Warriors yesterday. 1 28 to one 20 in the Schroer. Looking like it's 2015 again man. 31 to seven Camp Thomas at 23. Damn. 2015 he is on the bench. Listen Damn SL boy. This stat. That is crazy. Nah, Dennis is been killing though. He having a hell of a year.


No, I ain't being funny. I've been saying this though. No, you have though. He be kidding. I, I hate that. It's probably gonna happen but he probably gonna get traded to a good team. To a good team and it's gonna kill, not kill his stats but fuck up the payday. It's gonna mess up his payday a little bit. But if he stay there, man, he looking at a nice deal like they look at him as the point guard or the team for the future. Yeah. He gonna get a nice deal man. He should bro, because he, he turned down that money. So yeah, a lot of people don't have this type of, you know, I mean Bounceback outcome. He having a solid, a really good year man. I'm, I'm happy for him but I, I know he gonna get traded to a good team. A contender. Yeah, I ask you this, should the Lakers still let him go?


I mean he fit the Lakers a little more than Dlo do, but Dlo off the benches different but as a point guard he just play, he a defensive minded point guard and he makes shots shit. He can get to the rack and he always gonna compete. Which I already rock with too with Dennis. Yeah, he's super competitive but shit, I don't know they got a whole, they got a roster full of people who can help other teams. We've been saying that for the last two years. Yeah, obviously they paying a couple people. Ben Simmons about to come off the book soon. But listen man, might as well run it up. I don't know if they're gonna do a cam but obviously I ain't trying to pay him so he might have the opportunity to get that bag there in Brooklyn. Man. Who? Dennis? Yeah, cam. Cam Johnson. He, he, they focal point now but he's, he should, should be a trade target for a lot of teams.


Yeah I think they do that on purpose. They obviously ain't trying to pay him with what he thinks he deserve to be paid even though they lost, Steph was killing yesterday. Steph did all the disrespect disrespectful stuff that he does in the basketball game. Dancing on the ground hitting three Shimon. It's great to watch Steph cur play basketball. That's one of the better games yesterday too. I don't know how many people caught that 'cause it was a net but that was a fire basketball game for sure. Yeah. Steph gonna have fun regardless bro. Yeah nigga niggas don't care about really losing to the nets like get one step, make Basketball look fun. For sure. Yeah him and Lalo make basketball look fun. I ain't gonna lie. Like the stuff they do you be like they make you play bad basketball but it look fun. Nah for sure. They like play it's lot of though. Yeah they Play like 2K.


Speaking of bad basketball yesterday a lot of people was pissed. Draymond hit three yesterday and messed up some parlays. My boy, I had him on the hundred. What he shooting like 40 from the three this year. Oh that's wicked. I mean I wanna know how many he attempted. Remember some good Draymond status though? He shooting Better this year Though. Draymond from the top of the key. I'm putting money on that. He knocked that down. 33% is crazy. That Ain't bad for Dre. That is bro. 33% is bad. When he shot three. What He shot four over one. Three. Oh he was getting that up? Nah, one for four. He got that hoe up 25% Then Shoot that o jab bar bitch Motherfucker.


Yeah Can't wait to go to a Warriors game. Draymond shoot that old tomorrow. Put me on the floor. Oh you're crazy man. Verify bucket B here. Who was getting two yesterday? Freaky Melow 44, 9 and seven. You got my verified bucket for the day baby. For sure Dig with. I'm gonna go with Dennis Schroder man. Okay playing like that. Go stay on the road against a a good team. Go get 30, get my verified bucket brother. For sure man. I'm gonna throw slow little to Oog N and O man. We talked about him yesterday being the the third member of the Knicks big three and he showed why he should be in the conversation. Smooth 40 piece yesterday guys show Up to that.


I surprised you ain't go with your man's SGA Man. Nah he always, he know. Well it's understood. Don't gotta be spoken on man. We got 37 and 11. I I got show some respect man. For sure. Nah yeah Listen man, lot of good basketball yesterday but some people who did some encouragement this Tuesday morning Be here get well soon. Daniel Theus bro. Tyson man. Nah, Theus like Reggie Theus, He German too. Somebody got messed up in translation there. Shout young Jarius Walker shoot the basketball more my boy please. Yeah. Coty boomed on him. Yeah He got Wicked real quick. I played with DT Daniel Tyson. Hey boy.


He, he a good dude man. But yeah you got, you got punched on my boy Tyson. You talking somebody talking about your character in the highlights. It's always wicked. Yeah you got Punched on. Yeah force some middle man. Don't leave a baseline open man. That's just, that's a be he drill man. Nah That's He that at the Kent look at Woo. That's your fault. Woo. You supposed to come over for help. I teach. I teach that at my camp bro. Woo. That's your fault. You supposed to come Over step on the baseline and you send him to the help bro. That's a camp on the middle, in the middle. Yeah Right. It's basic bro. You don't, you don't never let a man go baseline bro. T used to hit niggas with the bullshit fake like he was going out and going baseline. It's not good bro. My baseline highlights like Michael Jordan's.


See how he, he show nigga a little love like nigga. Nigga Rich. He you did hit a motherfucker like that though in the game. Who? Who did? Was that the against the Knicks when Jordan did that? Yeah. Yeah that's kind. He was good for that back in the day. That's Kind of shit I used to do. It was funny 'cause Jalen Green did a Jordan Light layup. They was just like, this what y'all said it was innovative so we see this every night and they was just like, or how about he was so far ahead, they just now doing this consistently. I was like damn that's a hell of a counter to that argument. Nah that is Stop disrespecting Michael Jordan. He's one of the goats give us on Teague. Who's your nominee man? Shit, shit fucked up. I can't tell you. What is Buddy's name? Oh Gogi Za Go go the N grew his hair out.


Gogi Wildling now that's Orlando money. Yeah Go got hit with Step Back Step. I think y'all machine one piece. They need Filet to do this. Nah for real. He got hit with a game Burger. He was an NB Street two going crazy. Yeah they need file to do this one because he Step back. Nokia ain't working. Alright, Nokia ain't working? Nah. Yeah Mike, Mike trying to play Snake Boss. Oh listen man I was on Amazon last night man. You know what I'm saying? It's about to be Thanksgiving. I wanna make sure I stay hydrated, you know what I'm saying? Moving around with family members. Got myself a little gift. But you know what I decided that, you know what I'm saying? This water bottle I got, it's all fancy. Got it. Next day, you know what I'm saying? Order it last night, connect to everything.


I'm gonna hand this over to Daniel Jones since you unemployed my boy. I know you gonna be doing a lot of workouts. You gonna need to stay hydrated because on Thursday you'll be eating Thanksgiving dinner with us instead of playing in the game. Dang. He gonna get picked up. You know what though? Listen the way that the Giants have been going this year man. The way that they fired everybody. Take this man, go get you a backup job with the Ravens and get you a Super Bowl. Man it would be hilarious if Daniel Jones is going, Randall be played with the team to get a Super Bowl after getting cut. That's Fine. Nah, that'll be lit. That'll be lit though. He will song. Who is Daniel Jones? Excuse me? Who is Daniel Jones? Oh he was the quarter quarterback for the Giants. My point exactly. Yeah I called a nigga Darnell Jones where I want to be. He wanted to be with the Ravens.


He wanted to be employed. Nah, shout to Daniel Jones though. He got a check from them too though, didn't he? Yeah, he got paid. It was a crazy thing. So, so it don't matter. Go ahead and rest up my boy. But they say that's, that's basically on the same situation they did with Zion. They was just like yeah we made him just fire a contract but it was made to be cuttable just like they said Zion might get cut if he keep playing around. Yeah. All right. Yeah You sound good bro. Somebody pick Zion up so fast. The Mavericks Zion to Dallas. Zion. Zion might as well go back and run with his AAU teammate. Ja Mm Hey Zion in Memphis will be crazy. That's his boy they used to run together back in the day for Sure. Listen That be Lit. Be here.


All approach will be two days away man. People trying to get some money for the in-laws. Pull up what you got for him today? We keeping it light today y'all. You know what I mean? I'm taking it easy. So we got Victor Windfa 25 Lloyd Marketing 25 Kevin Durant. He will have 30 points. Anthony Davis, 25 Zach Levine 25 Anthony Edwards shoot him for 30 and we got Ness with 12 rebounds. No big bet bro. Just put 400 on this and you'll win $62,427 on the back end bro. Again, just a light day. One more time again the I ain't Shit A little tricking car payment. $400 would you? $62,000 There you have it sound like a plan, something light, you know what I'm saying?


Not too much on so It's Easy. Somebody ain't eating Thanksgiving. The crown is always yours bro. For sure. Yeah, that Turkey muddy is now in the drain. It's gonna be like that Kai Turkey on that commercial Nigga is wild.


But if you wanna run it back, you supposed Club five 20 draft King. So you could use a parlay from B here and ruin your Thanksgiving dinner if you want to. Yeah, and I also want to pick a winner if y'all show me DM me y'all bets and stuff. I know y'all a lot of y'all been losing 'cause y'all been going against the grain. But I'm gonna pick a winner and I'm gonna send y'all $25 bro on Draft Kings, bro. So y'all can make y'all next bet. Whoever's the closest to winning. I got y'all. That's on me. Well sound about right. Yeah, make sure you get his at Not Club five 20 'cause we are not sending you anything that Nah, that's coming for my personal. We gonna put 25 on something because I know a lot of y'all scary. You know, I mean y'all on the threads leaving her bro, but I'm gonna, we're gonna get it going. This starter kit, The starter kit is crazy. Scare money. Don't make no money.


Listen, we appreciate tuning in. We will be back tomorrow. Y'all be safe. It's five 20 In, The, Morning, The Volume. You're at a bar looking for a new beer. When you smell a citrusy aroma, it smells like sunshine and oranges. You see the bartender pouring a beer that looks refreshing. Only one problem. You have no clue how to pronounce the name ly is that even English? The bartender is now heading your way as you're about to order nice cold ly, you hear, can I get a highlight? Highlight the best beer you probably can't pronounce.


Oh Man, nothing is worse than a bad cold that knocks you down hard. That's why it's convenient to keep the new Theraflu soft chew right at your fingertips. They have the same multis symptom relief that you get from Theraflu. Not only are they packed with the power of Theraflu in every single bite, but the easy to take chewables are simpler than making soup or tea or whatever. So be prepared and grab some new Theraflu soft chews fast anywhere. Relief by your side, use as directed.


Oh hi, this is Chelsea Handler from the Dear Chelsea podcast. This episode is brought to you by pil, the first over the counter daily birth control pill available in the us. I love shedding light on what's important for women's healthcare and one thing that makes healthcare easier is making birth control more convenient to access. Well, let me introduce O Pill. O Pill is a daily birth control pill that is FDA approved full prescription strength and estrogen free. Plus there's no prescription needed. Finally, the days of needing a prescription for birth control are over a sentence. I very much enjoy saying this is our moment to take control of our health and reproductive journeys because O Pill is birth control in your Control O Pill is available online and at most major retailers used. Code O-P-I-L-L-O-T-C-O-P-I-L-L-O-T-C for 25% off your first month of O pill@opill.com.


What's popping? And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.