
Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time, Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands page of five. Dirk four Page is lead. Okay. You Won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love It. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policy makers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed l PT tool winner and sixth time Lady European tool winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexie Brown and Mariah Rose and we've got a new podcast full circle every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Full circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Friday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host, my name is DJ Wells. Joined this wonderful morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Henderson. To my right my brother t fellas. Good morning. Hey y'all doing what's up My boy? What up? Lil Mama had a swag like Man, okay. Freshman Wayne concert last night. Yeah I don't even like that song. Damn. But he wasn't High. He was cool. I mean he might've been high but he was normal high. He was functional For sure. He wasn't bird me yesterday for sure man. Hey man, before we get into all the crazy basketball happened last night. Most support He back the Tels back be here. Yeah man.


The real celebration. Shout out to, You know I don't wanna shout out Elon, I don't know if he has something to do with it but Stephen a you try to take my boys down man. You wasn't strong enough man. Listen man, so Glad the gang is back For sure. All the NBA the teams, everybody was on Twitter. They was, they was plied on the downfall. They was happy he was gone. All right bro. Nah we back. We really protested on Twitter bro. So You know that shit really do work so yeah. Stand up for what you believe in. I seen all the NBA teams Won the back though. Yeah now they was trying to get some engagement. That's all they was trying to, was trying To ride the away. It's really a vibe bro. It is not meant to tear nobody down bro. It is really a vibe. That's actually Funny. They just be saying watch shit.


You talking about the face of the league. The face of the league. The NBA tell. That's a fact bro. Free the real man. We gotta do a clap but sure it has To happen. Nah bro, we have to bro, we have to meet the people who actually run that page bro. They are fry. We appreciate it For sure. Hey man, we talk about everything that's going on in NBA man and we always talk about the young guns. Who gonna be the next faces of the league? But the OGs held it down last night, man. Steph went crazy yesterday and get some magic. 1 21, 1 15 vintage Steph Curry game man. 56 points 22 in the third quarter. I don't care what everybody else did man. Let's just go right there bro. What, what? What the hell was Steph on last night? What Y'all bro? The old heads bro.


It is. I don't know, I don't see shit slowing down too much too soon man. I don't know. Just wake up and get 56 bro. That's crazy. That game was insane yesterday. One of the best basketball games I've seen all year. For sure man. For sure. Especially if you watch that first half, You know what I'm saying? Steph hit that, that three the long distance joint to go into the, You know what I'm saying, next half and then say come out and have that type of a third quarter. Yeah bro. But he was just throwing it up too. He just, he got in that groove bro. It was like the ocean bro. 22 in the third is crazy. What bro, that's Crazy. That was crazy. Yeah, he Was throwing it up. It it's Target like the ocean.


Yeah, I don't know. Well I can't say nothing on here Boy. All don't think except for his 56 point game describe like that is throwing it up. Shout to Say that's what he do bro. Them quick shots bro. He got the quickest jumper in the lead. Ah, For sure. And the so disrespectful like the shots that he takes be so disrespectful bro. Paolo Unguardable though too but they just, they just, I mean shit they was right there. It just, it stuff effect too much. It Wasn't right there. The crazy part is they didn had them down 20 points going into the high. Yeah, They came back though bro. It got ugly. Yeah it came back and it was like It didn't matter no more. It didn't. PB five went crazy yesterday. He had 41 6, 6 5. Franz had 27. It just didn't matter bro.


It's step, it's ell Cory bro. What do you do? That's, he had a moment. That's his name. Ell. Yeah bro. I didn't know that bro. For sure trash You disrespectful. That's why everybody calls him Step. That's why you never heard him call water out. Respect. He had a real moment. You don't believe in it. You don't believe he can do that again? Yeah. Hell yeah. I mean Oh okay. I'm not four years from now. No Back to that conversation. You Gonna have a D, you gonna have a D Rose moment bro. Watch. He can do that again though. He probably can do that again this year. Mm. And listen man, apparently you don't wanna play him on February 27th 'cause couple times just passed in 2013 he went 1113 for three and a half, 54 and again in 2016 he had 46 on 12 or 16 from three again.


They might as well name that Steph Curry Day. Come on man. NBA just gonna start scheduling all the wild games nigga. Nigga been in the league 15 years. That's a hell of a drop off. Hey man. 16 to 25 then he took a break. So what day though? And they leap your type stuff. They don't tell it. So that's, that's the random stupid shit that people be doing. That's The words hate. There's a way he found a way to hate on this crazy Me. I celebrate the old heads. This is my tag 20 13, 20 16 and 2025. He might not have games on that 27 years man Y'all, We ain't had nobody else who had multiple 50 point games on the same day. So now you gonna find It.


I'm just saying. That's Crazy. Y'all know the random stats bro. That shit is lame bro. I swear to God, if I did something on the 13th year, the 16th year and the 25th year, y'all niggas are not gonna celebrate me the same way. If you drop 50. Yes we are. Yeah. Nah, y'all be here do that. You shoot 13 Up. Play the chicken on the 13th. Play the chicken in two, five. Okay. 20 in the Morning, It's Friday. We gonna be, don't we don't be in here on Friday. So What are we celebrating that for Risk span. That's the ball's life we talking About. Well y'all niggas is crazy. Y'all stuff though man we ain't, You know what I mean?


That's gonna be alright up between y'all two today. I mean we celebrate the Hendrick experience Harry. Nah, it's, I'm just saying I'm I'm just saying bro. Like he did it in 13, 16 and 25. Hey Ain't play on the 27th and y'all giving this nigga a Steph day. Yes. He ain't playing on the 27th. Hey bro. Oh what was it today? No, Don't worry about Mike finna start finding random dumb shit about people. We just gonna start highlighting that. Just Blasting it out like that. Loki got Well let's do a random highlight. Do the total points at the motherfuck. And I don't even mean to cuss but I got mad for some. Let's do the total points at the Charlotte Hornets than lost by in the last three games bro. They been getting murdered 185 Bro's.


The last three gang. I don't know. I know I'm skipping ahead but the last three gangs of the Charlotte Hornets are crazy. Like yeah, ridiculous. But that's just a random anyway. Hey we didn't need you to bring it up in 17, Stefon had had 19. That's cool. I learned from last year. What y got it bro. Topic two man. What we got? Alright Steph Curry Day. Watch your mouth. Listen man, I know Jimmy didn't do too much yesterday but we've seen a totally different team since he's got there man. Yeah, the energy. They bring a different vibe. Is this sustainable? Yeah. Okay. It is bro. They a scary team playoff time.


Especially the way they clicking. Yeah because we go to the setting. Please. 'cause I, I forgot exactly where they were but I know they, they making them ground for sure. And Draymond said they was gonna win a chip. I ain't mad at him. We hurting We believe. I mean they riding that thick of things around though. They could get to that. They could get to that succeed. Yeah They can beat the Grizz loose bro. Mm You think that's the best spot for them to Beat at? I don't think they can't beat the Nuggets. No, no. Can't beat the, they might be able to beat the Lakers. Mm They can't beat the Nuggets though. Nuggets is Nono Thunder.


Thunder might be quiet too. I don't know though. I don't know bro. They might be able to get the Thunder. They can't beat the Nuggets though. That's the team they can't beat. Yeah they're gonna get destroyed. Yeah but the Grizzlies, that's not a good matchup for them. No Anybody else they could beat but they can't beat the the Nuggets. I got the Warriors beating the Grizzlies for sure. Oh for sure. For sure, for Sure. I ain't mad at that take. I'm not mad at all 'cause you got the best player in the series and You know what I'm saying? You got Jimmy but I ain't seen nobody else in the Grizzlies but they get a job though like that in the post season. Shout to Triple J but he got show something for sure. Listen, another old man going crazy yesterday. Brian went and S signed yesterday with 33. They got the W Upper Timber Boys yesterday one 11 to 1 0 2 Brian 33 17 to six Luca 21, 13 to five.


And Officer Reeves with 23, 6 and five. Man I knew they was gonna beat them boys. They got a, They got a three headed Monster bro. Us it's been playing well together. Luca ain't really had a Luca Luca game like one of them crazy breakout games but he been playing good solid. But Austin Reeves consistently getting 20 as that third option. It's scary. Yeah And I know a lot of Laker fans have been like happy with the defense 'cause I know they're little bit and question with ad leaving but they've been rotating really well, obviously. Hey man, I don't know Brian been playing great defensively but he holding other people accountable. You can tell you holding Luca accountable like hey you don have to get them rotations bro.


If it's anybody who could hold him accountable, it's bro, It is definitely Brian, Brian don't play defense like that no more. So for him trying to bring that to the table, I think he feel like they got a chance to do something. Yeah, I always loved the LeBron Mrs. Assignment then yo somebody else. That's one of my favorite clips they got up there too. It is so many of those. He be going off on niggas, he'd be the one wrong But LeBron probably three 17 and six at 40 am Come on man. Respect man. It's LeBron James bro. Lakers are now wanting to have games back from second Place. Gonna Say we go back to the stands again. Yeah, they they keep playing at this. Right bro. Them Lakers fans be y Allall in my dms. Boy Respect Is Ford a good place for 'em to be at though Man?


Because You probably, I mean I don't think they, they can beat, They can beat the Clippers. I don't beat the Rocket Rockets. I mean they could beat the Rockets If they want. They get to two. It's sweet. I don't think they wanna play the Nuggets though. That's what I'm saying. That's why I would probably want to stay for You can handle the Rockets and then take your chances against the Thunder for sure. But I don't wanna see yo. Yeah, I don't really wanna play Yogi. They can handle the Thunder Lakers. They, they fun to watch though. I never like watching the Lakers too. I hate watching the Lakers but they're kind of decent to watch now with Luca. Most definitely. Did y'all see LeBron talk about the face of the league conversation? Yeah, I thought that was fire. He's like, why do y'all keep pressing this? Why would anybody wanna be the face of the league the way y'all be talking shit about him?


Like that's not rewarding for anybody right now. You just get crucified basically. Yeah. Like who wants to do that for what? Yeah, just pay me bro. It don't matter. I don't know the people will pick it. Why Do you wanna be the face of a league when all the, all the, all the people that You know that cover our game and talk about our game on a day to day basis on everybody body. I mean have that responsibility. That's, it's just weird. It's weird energy from the people that You know. I don't know. But it changed. He, he said it, he said it perfectly. He couldn't say it no better but Anne said he don't want it. I didn't, I mean obviously I didn't ask for it, but I knew there was a responsibility for me not only to my family, my friends, my community and, and and whoever that was gonna follow my, my, my journey throughout my career.


Not only in Ohio when I started there, but all, all over America and all over the world when I traveled all over the world. So I've always taken that seriously and understand and understood from the beginning what, what being a professional was all about and being a role model is all about. So Yeah, barn said yeah y'all niggas ain't me but I feel like y'all won't do it. Ain't nothing to gain from it at this point but major scrutiny like you said, be here, get paid anyway. Yeah this is get paid bro. The people gonna pick, You know we gonna debate about that. That really don't really mean nothing for real. So limited minutes for a yesterday 'cause he got ejected in the third quarter. 16 techs. He got chill out.


He do? Yeah he, he we like him for having an attitude and caring but He too hype. Yeah Some up. He OD he He he's starting to take a role that people about to stop liking him telling you it be that switch. If people be like all right bro. Yeah. You know from the off the court stuff to the, they gonna start trying to paint him as like a messed up person. They gonna bridge all that stuff together. Yeah you ain't gonna be able to win. You don't wanna be the face of the league. Cool. Yeah. Alright. And then you say like you don't wanna be the face of the league so then they gonna highlight the other stuff that you do to make sure you not the face of the league. Yeah they gonna try to make you the villain which is cool.


Somebody gotta play the villain role. But You don't want that though. Nah, nah you don't want that because he really wanna be loved. He got a dope personality. Thanks. He's a hell of a basketball player. He played the game the right way. He don't be on the weird shit. Like yeah he should be celebrated for sure. But don't give him no ammunition. Throwing the ball in the stands is crazy. Yeah. Unbelievable basketball player. But they are gonna start bridging that shit together. Like he a asshole or he don't give a fuck kind of thing. Yeah, Yeah bro we, we seen them turn their backs to Allen Iversson. Anybody's ever game bro. Yeah. You know what I mean? They try to make Allen Iverson seem like he hated shit so For sure. Yeah, he won't be playing tonight so he got some PTO off. But yeah good win for Lakers man.


They could taking care of business for sure. Also another good win. Yesterday the book took care of the Nuggets yesterday 1 21 and one 12. Giannis had 28 and 19 and seven yesterday he was bawling Dame had 19 as well. Yolk showed up as usual over 32, 14 to 10. And Jamal Murray had 20 and five. Good win for the buck yesterday man. Did y'all see Giannis trolling after his game? What'd he say? He start singing Glow real of the dam. Damn that's one y y'all. That Was funny. Hey wild man Dam ain't gonna be able to shake that rather it's true or not. Nah, I ain't never beat him. Allegations you can't shake that. That's funny. He probably, Oh you got the clip Let's go.


He probably ain't never talked to that girl. It don't matter. It don't. It don't. That's your girl bro. This dude is crazy. SL fuck nigga free. Nah he said G Oh to the, oh ooh, ooh That's your work wife Dame. It's cool bro. She could not work in NBA. Nah she is a part of the whole entertainment life bro. After C Smithy cannot say work wife Man. I know people talk about y'all's on the court but like off the court. But y'all seem like a real true like chill dude to get along with man in the locker room.


It's like he just be on some other shit. Well yeah he cool. I mean yeah he is a super cool dude. He just be chilling. He one of the guys For sure. Just when we get on that court bro, it's, it's allo. Yeah it is time. That's all I love. Y'all Ain't getting that pill he, he trying to do, he trying to win. He don't believe in you helping him win. He ain't looking your way but off the court he is super chill For sure. Shout to the super chat K DCO 15. What is y'all realistic expectation of Denver. We have the third hardest remaining scheduled behind Phoenix in Sacramento and have a suspect defense at Best Man. Y'all Denver and y'all got Yoic so I think y'all be all right.


I think y'all be a top five team in the west. A lot of people in the west don't wanna see them. It don't matter where they at. Seaton wise niggas don't wanna see Yoko in the series man. And if Jamal Murray keep playing like he been playing, that gonna be a tough out for show. That'd be all right. Western conference finals, is that possible? Yeah, they been there before. Okay. For sure. Yeah. All right. Which y'all think the bus gotta do to keep Giannis happy man? Just keep winning. Yeah, they gotta go to the, the conference finals. Okay. Conference finals a bus. I can see that. Especially with Kyle Kuzma and his team now. He like how they, they kind of jumped a little bit. I know we was talking about the absence of Chris Milton. We may not see that into the playoffs for sure but the way he fit in with the team man Giannis starting to rock with him a little bit.


Yeah, I gotta see when that matter a little more like yeah I need to see like them last 10 games of the season where seating actually gonna matter. Okay, I'm wrong with that for sure. Super Chat. We got a question there. I Okay, nevermind. Moving on. Sons lose another game. Damn for the seven time of their games. Took a L to the Plic as 1 24 to one 16. Shout to Zion man. First Trippy Dub yesterday 27, 10 and 11. CJ had 19 Trey Murph dog had 18 De Book Hooped out yesterday with 36 9 7 and K had 28 and five. You said this opened Gym Vibes? Yeah bro, that's it. Just Get your stats. Just get your stats. They, they don't care bro. Yeah I don't, they're definitely not trying to make the plan.


They don't seem like it. Yeah. So I don't know what they trying to do. Grab a pick or whatever but it is just because they are healthy. I think they are the most disappointing team. Mm. Over Sixers. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Just because y'all been that damn near full strength all year. Y'all got a solidify bro. I don't see why y'all just this horrible, y'all got the best players in the league at they positions Hell of a coach too. It is just ain't clicking. Yeah, I've told you I ain't like that team from the beginning. I told you I thought Coach Buck could figure it out for him but he can't. Most definitely They gotta trade KD in the off season.


They should have traded him at the deadline. No KD didn't want to leave but KD and year what? 18 or something like that? 19? Yeah. Oh six. I know you hoop. I know KD hoop. He different from us. He hoop, he love hooping. He gonna keep hooping. That's what he do. But I love to see KD playing in the playoffs. Like competing for something. Yeah because he just too great of a talent to be at home. For sure. When everybody else gonna be getting highlighted. We gonna have to forget about Kevin Durant in the playoffs. We gonna be talking about Jason Tatu probably end man. Everybody Else yo, everybody Yo. All these greats bro. And KD gonna be left outta that conversation.


We he didn't have to. That's that's what said especially like, just like his career, he should be on the team competing every year. Yeah. Yeah I get he didn't wanna go warrior mid season like I ain't know what y'all had going on either. Yeah. Like, but yeah he gotta go get somewhere man, that that makes sense for him. Yeah But I mean shit you knew that wasn't the vibe so should have been open bro. Like if OKC get bounced out early, they losing the second round, they should just go get kd. Yeah I, if I'm at KC I'm doing it regardless. Y'all got the assets bro. Nah, regardless though if they, they make it to the conference finals or to the championship and they lose. Yeah if they have a run like the Minnesota did last year, keep the squad together.


Yeah put band together bro. Oh nah bro, Because that's what hurt the Timberwolves though bro. Because You gotta give up one of 'em young players and I don't know which one you want give up for Kevin Durant. That's true. They got hella picks too. But you gonna have to give a B Player but you can't let CHT and Jalen go Oh no you don't do that at all. So who you gonna give up? Who they don't want, You don't want everybody else is just a a, a great system guy. No disrespect but you gonna Have to get out how you live son. Shit. If you want KD you gonna to get some smoke But shit y'all don't have a future so I can give y'all a future. Y'all don't have no future at all. I have enough to give y'all that. I know you gonna have to give a young player But you can't talk to me like that Bro. I can 'cause y'all gonna lose 'em anyway. I'm gonna give you the most first round picks. Anybody can, I can help you rebuild your franchise right now.


I'll Give you three first round picks KD And two seconds. Gotta give way more. Can't Talk to Bridge Bro. Mike five first round picks. I Bro. Hey this is not yesterday's price is not too Much. Price cannot trade me bro. Gucci, He they probably for three Luca. Luca just went for the back dojo so hey you gonna get you No Luca went for a quality piece Davis. Yeah bro. He was supposed to. No bro. Luke Was supposed what Kyle tell y'all bro they was supposed to get six first round picks for Luca bro. They're supposed to get to picks Bro. I don't damn what he talking about bro. But the sons ain't gonna be in position really to negotiate too much. They need a future bro. They sold up all day Future. They probably can get four first round picks.


Three. Three first round picks with Katie and a couple young players like You gotta give up lou.so Be it. Yeah they probably gotta give up Lou.so be it. Who be shout to Lou Dot but Kevin Durant and Sha give us Alexander and Che Holger NBA championship For sure be interest Before we got off this topic. Who winning the series between the two at Full Strength Sons of Philadelphia? Hey both. I don't even know. I don't even like talking about though. I don't disagree. Let's move on. Shout to Z Man. First triple double man. Yeah, freaky Z Man It was Z because stage is on the court man. He's so good.


Yeah they say he's at He Unguardable too. That's a, we had a conversation on the pod about, You know what I'm saying, somebody, a young talent who could move on and help somebody else. I think Zion's that person. He gotta get outta the world bro. Put him on a good team. Let my boy really hoop. He'll go somewhere and kill. For real? Yeah, he, he's nice. I don't know where, where would you see him going though? Where would Mason's friend him to go? I'm sending him to Memphis. Oh Memphis. What You know about me Sending him to my Memphis with Triple J? I mean I'll just send him there. Just go there. Gonna say go there. You can't answer. He ain't, he's a lie. He's a liability bro. We don't know bro. Just get him.


Just let me have him bro. Y'all ain't doing what right with him bro. Let me get him bro. Let's, I'm out of pocket but saying let's get Kevin to reference a pick and you just design Off the track bro. Kevin Durant more mobile bro. More durable bro. Yeah I, I was like I don't know if I want to, that'd be an exciting team Ion and Ja Marant Send him San Antonio. I don't think he a better player than Triple J. Mm Think he a better star. I don't think he a better player For Sure. I don't think you can. I don't, I don't know. I ain't never seen Zion play long enough to say if you can win or not with him. So I don't know. That's a fair take. Triple J is more durable. I, I like Zion better though.


Getting more production from him when he healthy. That's what I'm saying. He only been healthy for like 10 games. You right bro. That's what I'm saying. Lemme just have it see lemme just get it. Take he come back kill. Yeah Playbacks. Kobero from the super chat says when you look at how K got the piss his playing looking at Mlo expect him what Katie's doing as far as leading a team and being better. No, no I told y'all people said I was hating His niggas is funny man. People said I was hating. I told y'all Mlo never won. He never been the leader of his team that won. His dad said it shit.


Yeah That's true. Cunning always been the highlight Reel. Yeah. K Cunningham led Mount Verb. Yeah. Winners. Yeah because his brothers why they won. Yeah Lonzo was spectacular in high school. Elite. So it is different. Jello was the bucket getter. Lonzo was the leader. Yeah Lalo was the young exciting player. Yeah And then when they did P dip too. Yeah but I mean it is, it is. LaVar Park fought on that end because they used to get they ass stumped and au 'cause they played with all the neighborhood kids bro. And I respect it. I mean it made him the thing that he did, he kind of did it like Gilbert Arena son.


He made no Literally He made him be spectacular 'cause he had to do so much on the court. Yeah. So he was able to do everything rebound past shoot and he became a hell of a player but he never had to win. He Definitely Survived without no help. Yeah and that's what he is doing out there. And I hope hopefully Gilbert's son transition better than that. Like I think he probably will. And also to ask Ello to lead the Charlotte Hornets is ridiculous. Asking anybody to lead that team is really unfair. But Detroit Was the same position last year though. Yeah both mid. Yeah they got some more vets in that locker room in Detroit though. Yeah. Nah fuck that bro. Well they damn really got like better players though.


In in Charlotte bro. Mikel Bridges Brandon Miller who was quality players Freaky Mark. I mean Miles, bridges is nice. You got B Miller for sure but B Miller what second year in the league. You can't ask him to do much Tim Consummate think they There more capable I's been there for a while. I don't, I ain't disagree with the talent. I ain't going back and forth on that one but I'm just saying Yeah bro. Like this K Cunningham is doing a whole lot bro. Go to the Charlotte Hornets roster for sure. He's doing a whole Lot. Yeah that that pisses roster. I ain't spectacular by no means. Hey That's why it's no excuse for the Curry got the got there this year though.


But shout to him. Shout to to You there y'all was gassing Trey Mann Iversson. Yeah he was. See that's, that's shit Williams but he got hurt bro. They got people look I honestly think hey they Mayor group home bro. They got all the people that If K cu, if K Cunningham was there they got a Kogi. If K Cunningham was there bro they'd be winning bro. Oh if K Cunningham had that, that talent it'd be a little bit different. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. But your star could be a star and not have to be a leader, just go kill. We'll get somebody else to lead bro. Dj that's Not a good recipe. It's not everybody can't be a leader bro. My job is to kill.


If you need a mentor, go get a mentor. No Bro, that's not the vibes when we trying to bring something back to the city, What are you bringing back? The bobcats? Nah bro, we want the Detroit vibes at least give to people some type of hope like K Cunningham is giving for real bro. Okay. Cunningham is giving Detroit some type of hope bro. Like Kimba used to give Charlotte some type of hope. Yeah they used to actually they made the playoffs before for sure. They used to be in the mix like yeah they was sad but they was in the Mix when Steven Jackson, I forgot the other dude that was there. Yeah bro they gave Charlotte some hope back then bro. The Bobcat for real. They was winning. That was an exciting team. I say I want hope I'll give you 30 Ricky Mark had in 26 and 16 though.


Yeah Respects killing. But if you go look at the how much they lost in these lives, it is crazy. Nah bro they they be getting smack TP Bro. Facts. It is horrible. Yeah they Like they be losing by like 40. Yeah. Nah please. Yeah we have to pull this up. Please just go to they last just go their hornets like couple of games. Yeah they box scores is filthy like come on bro. 30 ball, look at that one. 41 to 88 Thunder clap bro. For sure. What we doing? One eight And that's the kings too. The king's not supposed to. The trailblazers beat on 1 41 to 88. Shout two Charlotte orders man murdered 1 0 4 to 83.


It's all good. Capture flag. Next one. 23 to 92. We're gonna have different talks about the melody next year where he got Cooper flag be bro. For sure man. Shout out to Kyrie Hoop out yesterday 25 and nine. Can the man stay afloat till that? That bigs get back man. Mm. Maybe they got about a month. Nah this might be quiet. You think ad coming back this year or did you gonna shut down or is it depend upon how good they play the next couple weeks. I don't even, I never know Anthony Davis Isha, I ain't gonna lie For sure.


Who's scoring big in NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props, money lines, you name it, DraftKings. Got it all. New customers. Now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus. Best instantly. Take us to the record DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today, use Code Club five 20. Yes that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets for just five bucks. Only on DraftKings the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino when resorting Kansas 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Make Some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Hero And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page Five, Dirk four Page is elite. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the the list as not just a shooter but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen To Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady J repeat winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather, McMahon, Amanda tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is the app. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA, superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, they're shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shaking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey man. Good game night. We got Celtics and Cavs. Two best teams in the league. Y'all rolling with that? Yeah, two of them. Two of the best. Yeah, they the best too for me. You got OKC over the Cavs for sure. Okay. You know I feel landslide. Alright man look, they got D Hunt. Is that enough for them to compete with the CELs Down in the east is a little bit of help with the Wing. They still rolling playing pretty good. Is that enough for them to give 'em a chance? They got enough to compete for sure. Okay. It just depends how well Donovan Mitchell plays and Darius Garland. It is really Darius Garland. Yeah, Darius Garland gotta have big games against the Celtics and he usually plays pretty awful.


But I agree that he gotta have moments against the Celtics to show me that they can beat them. Cool. I'm run with that for sure. It's gonna be a hell of a game man. Who y'all got Celtic Celtics. You got Celtics? All right, I'm gonna roll with the Cs man. Alright. We in the super chat with it. All right. Zoom is going crazy from V much Love five 20 FM Jet with you signed Officer Reeds for a shoe deal. I'm gonna sign Austin Re he got one already. He got a shoot. Oh would I sign two Austin Reeds? Nigga said how am Gonna sign? I don't know about the Austin Reeds. What they look like? I, I ain't never seen no Austin Reeves. I ain't gonna lie to you. Damn. That's not the wrong, You saw Austin Reeds.


It's crazy. Yeah Like I ain't, I ain't seen no Austin Reeds. We gotta say the company name there. Who? Who who? Them I'm some low top Meows there They go right there. What company is that Er? Nah, Some them some off brand La Melos them them damn near look like an answers. Oh you got Anesto? We would never no Bro. No. I don't know. That Damn man look like he and they only going for the 70 ball. Yeah For the, they going for the shot. Oh nah he got the one 20. Nah, nah. Scroll down please. Yeah, he's getting his money. He made these shoes. Officer Reed's got a soldier line.


It's crazy. Not only does he have your own signature, he has a team ar because the 75 is definitely a team shoe. I don't Know why I think that's so funny. When niggas call they shoes soldiers bro. Ass so ass. Yeah You get the rigor re He made these. Ooh I don't like that word. Rigor. That's awesome. Res, I'm on your ass. I rock. What's seven for one man? Shout to JB Black brand for sure. We back in the super chat again. My apologies. Super chat. What do y'all think Miami gotta do to be really contenders again. Y'all think we wanna start our way or we just cook? Ah yeah y'all couple stars away my boy.


Yeah. Crock Crockpot. Yeah Y'all star way. They star way. Yeah they just need one more star. They need a guard. Another guard. Khalil Wear is good. Bam. Good Tyler Hero good. They need another guard. So they need a Lee point guard for that roster. Yo. They need Fox. Damn They can't get D Fox so now they need, I don't even know who available. I gonna say what, is there any other disgruntled point guards or people who need to be freed? Does Trey wanna stay in Atlanta? Yeah, Trey good. He he wouldn't be good over there though. Yeah, Trey Young and Tallah Hero as a back court.


Nobody is guarding shit. Nah. But they'll put up points though. But if they, even if they get like another scoring wing, that'd be cool For sure man. Give us some to the heat. Alright man let's run through some games for the night. See how y'all feel. Nuggets at Pistons. Mm I got the Pistons Wrong with the Pistons. No I'm talking the Nugs. Yeah I'm wrong with Ns. Win Streak ends tonight. Thunder a Hawks Thunder. Yeah. Tough Celtics and Cabs tonight. Yeah. Y'all got the Cell stay at the crib Celtics? Yes sir. Yeah. Blazers at Nets. Damn Blazers Go get a pizzas Pacers at Heat.


Heat. Disrespectful built ass situation in Miami Raptors at Bulls. Raptors. Yeah. Rap. I like the Raptors. Alright Raptors. Knicks at Grizzlies. Good game. Good game. Grizzlies. Mm. I'm gonna take the Knicks. I'm gonna go Grizzlies go crazy. Ja Pelicans at Suns not watching back to Back. The son's gonna win this song. Yeah Sons T Wolves at Jazz T Wolves. Mm You ain't playing tonight. T Wolves. Nas re Nas re game loading. Yeah. Nas Reed. Yeah And one tournament tonight For sure. For sure.


Clippers at Lakers. Lakers Mm Go with the Clippers. You ain't got no more faith than Ed Peasy man. You ain't spoken on Mans in a While. No N Peasy doing his thing bro. I'm this is, you asked me who gonna win. Oh respect. I gonna play good so shit Norman Powell gonna get a dub but Lakers gonna beat they ass For sure. I'm gonna go Lakers as well. Super chat again mj, whatever that shit is. Can't say it. The Pistons aren't losing close games anymore like they did last year. Dove like Tobias and Malik Beasley affect that type of thing Malik. Yeah or if K Cunningham got better it became a closer. He been comfortable in that fourth quarter. Well said Biz kid 96 says after a season like the Cavs, if you don't win it all house a hangover like the 2015 Hawks.


Are we confident or do you feel like we missed our chance? They younger than us. Hmm. They all got paid already. We all was trying to get paid. They whole team paid. Dearest Garland played Mitchell, paid Mobley just got a deal. Jared Allen paid so they in the hunt for another run after this. We wasn't, we all was like yeah run it up. We all felt underpaid. We all was ready to get run, run it up. Al went to the Celtics, Al left, we was ready running it up For sure. Tony Ray says Jet as a high school coach, how do you ensure the kids are developing and ensuring that their coach should be well-rounded also?


How do you feel about a a U now? You know as a high school coach it is kind of crazy 'cause you, you feel like you got a lot of time with the kids but you really don't. You got two hours with 'em after school right. And you got 30 kids in your program. 30, 35 kids from freshmen to JV to varsity. You really don't got that much time with kids. You gotta trust your coaches but you can't do individual work with 'em. They gotta do that kind of stuff on their own time to see if they developing as a player you can help 'em with concepts and stuff like that and learning defensive schemes or whatever. But developing as a player, that's something you gotta do in your own time. It's too many kids and you gotta build a team so somebody working on the individual game is kind of tough but making 'em a well-rounded player.


You can teach 'em defensive schemes, how to be unselfish and stuff like that. The right players to make but as an individual player to get better you gotta do that on your own. Most definitely. For Sure. Cam FTG says Tig, how's it feel being on the Hawks All time team on 2K. Damn That's I'm On there. Damn. I ain't even know that that's Raw. That's what's up. I ain't know that For sure. That's raw. That's Fire Last but certainly not least. Jim Corn asked Will we be in Vegas WrestleMania? Hell yeah, yeah, yeah we in there. Yeah they just, they just gave me the word. I'm in WrestleMania, I'm going all four days. These they, these dudes only wanna go two days.


I got obligations so I I'll be there. I'm going all four days. Nine Vegas 19th, the 21st to rock with y'all. Man we Pulling up man. 19th probably gonna be the latest day when I get there so Nah it start the 17th right? Yeah, I'm gonna be there the 17th. I'm doing every event. I'm gonna be a kid in the candy store. This is my ultimate dream to go to WrestleMania. I was playing for a long time so I couldn't go at this time and then I ain't had no connections when I was done playing and I ain't wanna spend no money but now I'm going. Yeah We gonna have some dope content we got laid out. Yeah We got interviews so. Yes Sir. What's Up? That's hard. Yeah, I be there first thing In The Morning man. I promise I'm, I'm super excited.


We so lit we had to pull up the WrestleMania show. I'm more excited to go to WrestleMania than I was to go to the NBA finals. I was damn bro. We think damn this is like all my life. I was about to ask you, would you rather be Courtside to see LeBron and Curry play in Game seven or WrestleMania? WrestleMania? Yeah Y outta pocket. Well shout out to WrestleMania. That's crazy bro. Swear you talking about that LeBron, that LeBron cash With Kyrie shot. Yeah I'd rather be a WrestleMania My boy really locked in. He no he truly is this just asking that because he a hoop nigga, he don't like going to NBA games but I know that's one that if he could go he he a sit court side at that so watch him.


Yeah I would've, I would love to sit courtside at the BA game and see some shit like that. But if I had to pick between like you gonna go to Wrestle Man I swear that's crazy. Or You gonna go courtside for this game. I'd been like shit I'm gonna go WrestleMania. It's more of a vibe bro. I ain't gonna lie bro. I legit have fun at that Royal Rumble show. Had a blast bro. I didn't understand what was going on but the at maybe 'cause where we was sitting it was just a vibe with a boy that who at Oh Speed Pops was there. Shout Speed family. That's a good environment. That's one I, that's the only sport I, I'll give it to y'all. We gonna call it a sport, You know what I mean? Cool respect but that all these like cultures can come together and just be on some cool shit they get outta pocket but that's just the vibe in the building, You know what I mean?


So I fuck with that. Yeah Most definitely man Russell man we in there for sure. Super. Chad Chime Ackerson ask if K doesn't make all NBA teams, should he be a most improved player award? He will make it all NBA team. You don't have to worry. Yeah he gotta like our NBA team for sure. Yeah Most the prove I ain't mad at that but I think NP should get that. Yeah he too good to get that. But we've seen it happen before. Gary Bryant. Do y'all think that the Warrior have legit jet to make a run to move up in the playoffs like to six seven C? Yes. Yeah most definitely. And Ray Mud asked what y'all think about Bobo teaming up with Trey in the A or Wendell Carter. Bobo better be happy. He is not learning right Now. Raymond got paid today And taxes dropped turn up.


Yeah I don't know about Bo Bowl in the a Yeah that's whatever you want to do but I think he'll be happy to be wherever they want him to be at this point in his career. Shout out to Bobo Namor. Ask who can Orlando get off this off season to make them contenders in the east. I don't know. They just need to be healthy. I think they got a good team. They probably need, I mean Jalen Suggs been hurt. They Whole team been hurt. I don't Know. Yeah they've had a hell of a year. Yeah they just had a trying year. I think they had a really good team. They just had a bunch of injuries. We show him Jones Bones asked what's more scary? Play off Jimmy or play off Kauai. Kauai. Kauai. Mm I'm gonna say playoff Jimmy.


That's a great question. Jones Bones. I'm gonna say Playoff Jimmy 'cause he done went to the finals with the heat. How many times? Twice. Yeah Playoff Jimmy. But Kawa went got that chip though in Toronto? Yeah But that's the, we only seen him do it once. I ain't seen Jimmy do it Once. I'm saying like we only see him have a playoff run where he was like the best player in the league one time. Every time Jamie Jimmy get in a playoffs he like, I mean Kaw Kaw did this thing in San Antonio against Miami. Yeah but he was with a game. Yeah I mean he killed with the Clippers too. He just got hurt that last time. So I I understand what you're saying but yeah Jimmy be real life dolo. The Popeye mean come Popeye's mean he came from somewhere.


Jimmy be out there dolo. Yeah Getting him from the play end to the to Come on bro. Ain't that's tough bro. Taking the Celtics out, all type of shit like that shit Crazy. Very true man. That's a great question. Ready? That question for sure. Verified Buckets be here. Who was getting to it yesterday? I'm Give it the Steph man. Old school 56, 12 and 19 from the three. So still get all the love today. Come on man. Killing P five went crazy today man. 41 to six in the law special Man. And he was hooping yesterday went crazy for sure. Tig who you got Man All the stars came out to perform last night. Got LeBron game 33. Giannis had a good game. 28 19 and yo another triple double.


So shout out to the old heads and the stars performing last night. They all Verified Buckets for sure man. They did it for the Sentel. Be here Get Well Soon. Who needs some encouragement going into the weekend Man? Probably my boy N Edwards. Man. Go home. Go sleep bro. Go sleep bro. Hop on the game you get some time The ball to the face. Go sleep my guy. You getting too emo in the game? Yeah, I don't like that. No. I wonder how much you got fine for that. Oh yeah it is definitely a big common that motherfucker Adidas take care of it. JR is not covering that bill bro. For sure man. Might Get Well Soon it go to, they go to Jackson Hayes.


I mean Nas re, excuse me, Jackson Hayes wild out on him yesterday man. Damn. Wow. Shout out to my dog Nas man. I hit him up the other day man. Yeah he was junior like damn bro. My fault But he knew the boss of them hard. I Know he like damn my nigga my bad. I fuck with that Jackson Hayes. That shit funny man. Tig who you got? Shit? Who? Who else? Look, it's a couple candidates for sure. There we go right there. Oh yeah Kaon Looney give, well some Looney give well some magic for last. Somebody hit 12 threes on like I know it's Steph Curry but at some point face guarding like I don't know.


Hey unless somebody hit 12 threes Face guarding boy you gonna have to be in crazy shape to run around with. I Don't, Somebody else gotta beat me though. Like You don't get hit with all kind of screens After you make five. It's like Bro, he done made 10 a few times though. I mean yeah but just damn they was so discouraged yesterday bro. They was. He was wrong like three or four screens. They bro, Bro it is. It's a tough job to do. 12 Or 19 is shooting though. That's crazy. That's demoralizing burner. We'll probably never see that again. Last but certain, not least Burke Lopez, There's a lot, a lot of these players when why White crime will never see again.


Hey Christian Broy hooping all low. Shout out to the Nuggets.


All B here people trying to win some money. What you got for him? Michael Porter 20. Kim Johnson 20. Chet 15 Donovan Mitchell 20. Scotty Barnes 20 Tyrese. I'm fooling with you tonight. Halliburton will get 20 against the heat. Ja Morant 2250 When you $20,000 today. Two 50 for 20 bands. Yeah, them taxes already dropped. You know y'all got it man. Go ahead and tap in. Use that Pro Code Club five 20 on draft Kings for sure get you some money. We appreciate y'all. We will see y'all Monday morning five 20 In The Morning.


The Volume.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Hair. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five dirt, four Page is a lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians policymakers and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night, and after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPT Tour winner, and sixth time Lady European tour winner, And Keira k Dixon, NBC, sports reporter and host. And we've got a podcast. Quiet please with Mel and Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women Sports.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexi Brown and Mariah Rose, and we've got a new podcast, full circle every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got you with analysis, insight, stories, and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.