
Get your mother loving ears on because your big time radio DJ's got news. PayPal lets you choose how you want to pay for all the stuff With PayPal I can pay in store, pay online, or pay over time. What's that? You want this translated into song? I hope you're sitting down. You can pay your own way. You keep those ears on, you hear don't just pay baby PayPal. Learn more at PayPal dot com.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled. Wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay and available panoramic moonroof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation.


Hey There, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this spring. Take care of your entire home, including the air you breathe and save $5 when you buy $25 worth of participating products in store or online Shop for items like Glade plugins, Airwick plugins, Glade auto sprays, Airwick diffusers and Glade refills and save $5. When you spend $25 on participating products, offer ends. May 20th restrictions apply. Promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday's, five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wills. We got a full house this morning. Bishop Nacho, five 20 mo fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? Settling Bro. Great, great, great. Wonderful morning. You know what I'm saying. Victorious Wednesday morning first man. Let's talk about Stefan Kas getting that rookie kid of year man. Shout out to him. Yeah, earned It will deserved. Most definitely. I know for sure we spoke very highly on him in Yukon last year getting the chip and moving on. But did y'all see him progressing as fast as y'all thought? Yeah, I knew he was gonna be rookie of the year. I called it from the beginning. You did call it the way he play. You know he is a capable player but I knew that, You know San Antonio was a bad team so I knew he'd get opportunity but I think him playing, playing alongside CP and teaching him a couple of nuances of the game, his development was a little faster than we thought.


But I'm looking forward to him being the guy. I can't believe that the Kings didn't get back him back in that that tray for Deion Fox valid that. That's just bad GM for the For the Kings. This might be the worst. That's like right after Luca. Mm I didn't know he was this good On offense. I thought he was More of a defender. He showed me a lot this year bro. Yeah, we had talked about that early though. Like how did he stay on that team? We just knew he was gone though though. That was crazy. That was crazy. Yeah bro. We just knew he Was gone. Shout out to San Antonio. Yeah and shout to the Kings. Y'all the shit man. The Kings being the kings man. I appreciate the kings. They gave us our franchise as well. Man. They talking about they don't wanna blow that team up and I'm like what are you gonna do now they did shout to Doug, Chrissy, he got that extension.


He's gonna be locked in for a couple years man they seem to rock with him pretty tough but Jesus you don't get cast in that situation and you don't rebuild. Yeah, not getting Castle was just, that's a terrible move by there. But shit healthy. 15 three and four. I ain't mad at it. And they gonna have a whip next year. You got him, you got Wendy, you still got cp, you got D Fox? They got some, they got some pieces man. Yeah we'll see that draft pick too. I think that's gonna be a big game changer too for that team. Yeah they fuck around and get Cooper flagging on them but at least they gonna get Ace babe. They gonna get somebody that's worth worth a damn. Yeah and then they stuck out the young talent. Kel Johnson still solid. Devon Vessels bucket. Jeremy Prince productive. Yeah they got some pieces they can move to probably get another piece.


They can get Kevin Durant get KD bro. Okay on that move Jeremy so they can move to Blake Wesley, Kel Johnson? Yeah and some pit nasty bro. And get kd. KD and Weby. What? Get kd Weby Fox and Castle. Oh the only thing is, I don't know a nigga gonna be able, castle gonna have to go. We need him bro. Yeah, I'm sorry. Well he gotta stay basic on what the sun's got going on. Fuck kd You talking about it yesterday? Hey listen you can get get what you getting don't by sell Kevin Johnson in two first rounds of two big I trust to cheat Again Harrison Barnes. I trust cheat again. That might be the worst trade NBA history. But we need Castle for the future. Well if you put Harrison Barnes it's gonna go through 'cause Harrison, if he get traded for KD again, that's out of pocket.


Yeah, gotta go, Gotta go. Hey that's disrespectful bro. You ain't gonna trade me twice for this nigga Is what we do bro. You know the vibe. I Love the ck. You can smell it in the air. Tell me bro. Smell it in. Get Cooper Flagg though. Damn. The NBA is cheating. If Cooper got you spit up like a newborn, you can smell it in the air. That's Crazy. That's one of the most lethal. That's Venom. Shout out to my little cousin. I know you watch it boy. Your daddy said it was gonna beat your ass about you spin up like a new boy PH balance. Drink some water please for sure. Nah, but if the spurs get KD y'all that's, that's cheating y'all. Nah that's gonna be fine. That's not cheating Bro.


And they keep cash on y'all. They cheating bro. Bro. The sons don't have any draft pick. They need all the draft rejected. They let us do this. That's on them. Yeah bro. Three first rounds and two. No actually two first rounds and two pick swaps and two players and get out my face. Let's get it done. Done. Oh yeah. Oh Man You can get 'em. What Charles say? We throw some trills in too and some big girls so still the deal so you can get 'em too. Would y'all rather them have KD or Cooper though? Both. I mean Oh man, capture the flag now. Capture the flag Bro. Yeah, capture flag. It make more sense. Yeah Because if you getting Cooper flag, you not spending no bread, you don't gotta make no move and then you can still make another move and you got him for four years on a low low. That's good. Wendy and Cooper flag at the four and five is dangerous.


That's tough bro. Yeah that that ain't gonna happen. He's going to Utah. Adam Silver. If you would've, if you wanna really shaked some shit up, make the call. Alright man let's get straight to it. Wrote a fucking clip. Y'all know what time it is. What is it? The bugs have history. Okay. You know what time it is? The bugs had a historic meltdown. Yeah look at him. You know why they meltdown? They're sad. Oh. Oh that Is crazy. Let's catch the ball. You had a hell of a game too Gary Trent. Your game slide has been up all serious on Too much Shit. Oh yeah. Walk him down Giannis the fuck outta here. Goggles And shit. Excuse mey ass nigga. Motherfuckers is fogged up. The only thing I gotta say about Giannis on this.


Fuck yeah like how you missed it. Motherfuckers fogged up because I think he, I think he point shaven that nigga looked like hey Uhoh pull this nigga up now Gary Trent looked like MVP the wrestler pull up. Wow. Excuse me. Yiannis overrated. What? Fuck outta here game time on Yiannis. Cindy's niggas home man. The only problem I got with that clip is everybody in the NBA know what I'm about to say. Tyree Haliburton do what? He going right. He going right every fucking time. Cross he going right. Look at Gary like mvp. Look at Gary Trent Man y'all sick Gary VP Man run the clip one more time because I wanna laugh at this.


They call my, they call my duck front runner. Look at him with the headband bro. Call him overrated. We walking down Giannis for game. Damn Man Down Yos game. Show the whole clip. Fuck out that. Highlight Gary Trick. MVP Get Well Soon of the year. Why he do this bro? Bye. Wow. But pause coach do this side by side. All right boo. Pause it. They go to MVP right here. They go to MVP Go to MVP with him in that red outfit. Why he fist though? Like Sonny Liston. Why to go to mvp? That that one. That one with the fist up.


Nah not that one. Go back put the red the hip. Yeah. Nah yeah Gary Trick and he look like Bishop 80 long. He had the under arm arm Gary Trick And he long took that selfie in the bathroom And the under armoured sleeve system pin one of the nastiest picks of all time. Oh man. Yeah. You know what time it is. Patients took care of business at the crib for show 1 19 1 18 OT thriller. We took care of business Moog Man these stats they real misleading. No. Gary Trent with a almost a career knife won 33 and five. Giannis did his thing. 30, 20 and 13. Haliburton clutch performance 26 9 5 miles Turner.


Real solid 21 and nine. Come on man. We handled business last night at shout to Gary TR Jr though he was one career game away from y'all getting swept. So y'all owe him a lot 'cause we really should have swept y'all because y'all sad. But he hooped out yesterday came up short in the clutch. I took care of business yesterday man. The books gave that game away. Yeah and we graciously upset but they gave that game away yesterday. Yeah I mean they, they ain't feel like going play no more. Somebody Down though. Historic. Yeah they ain't feel like playing no more. Seven points in 40 seconds is crazy. They just dropped The ball bro. Nobody on them or nothing. Nothing Just dropped Them off. I'm glad that shit over man. Yeah I was kind. I think they is too. I was kind of tired of watching them buck.


I ain't gonna hold you man that's tough Without Dame. That team just not exciting to watch him. I ain't gonna lie. Nah like I don't see nobody like even though Gary Tr had good games and out to him 'cause he's a good player but it wasn't no reason for me to watch that shit bro. Well I love Giannis to death bro. Gianni's cold but I don't like watching Giannis play bro. Yeah like as a fan of the game. Like I know Giannis is great. I know he's an MVP. I know he's gonna go down top 20 players ever play basketball bro. I'm not trying to watch that shit bro. Yeah that not Milwaukee not a vibe. Nah like gimme I need a guard that's explosive dynamic. Oh I need that when I watch the play.


Like that's why it's tough for me to watch the Pacers like hold on, we do have a dynamic guard. He just walk yo is not for game. Don't be disrespectful fatigue. You are apac. Yes. Yeah you just had 26 in the LA game. He Just walked this nigga down for game bro. They call him overrated and he put up 26 in Game. Got his shit on Ree got three highlights to send the bucks home bro. It's a lot of niggas in the NB who don't have that resume. We call Bro Don't win in the playoffs, you feel me? Nah he don't got the upside down P he ain't like that. I said I said exciting dynamic. I just explained to you what that was. We got TJ Nash too. Is that cool? He more exciting. Oh man My boy TJ Nash hooped out yesterday with 18 boy.


I swear to God when he getting in that game I can watch like I ain't saying Tyree came but nah Ca Tyrese is great. He is an NBA player. All NBA capable player. But I'm not excited to watch him. Like I don't be like oh shit it is about to go down. I'll be like nigga do your one two dribble, pass it, get it back, shoot at three go. Right. Try get a scoop player up floater. Hey if it ain't broke don't break it. I'll be excited. Like my game was probably like that too. My shit wasn't exciting. I ain't gonna say it was, I ain't but shit, I wanna see a motherfucker shoot from half court. Motherfucker do some crazy shit. I like watching Steph. Dang I I see when I bring up the Melo all the Trick road, I just, if he won, I would love to watch him play now we can't do the one leg threes.


If they was winning he would be fun as hell to watching the game but they'd be down 50. You Wanna see Skip to my lu, He was excited. Watch Skip smack the nigga bro. Shout out to skip shout daddy house. Like even talk about like ma the magic like when we watching Palo would be doing shit. That's exciting. Nah, he, he step back, he spin move facts bump you dunk on you. You like yeah that shit look all right. That's a fact. Yeah this shit that's facts. Nah after the game please bro a clip. Yeah. Now this the shit that was the, it was the best shit of the game. OG Haliburton off that sauce. We gonna talk about that later. Yeah bro. Relax bro. They had a different type of locked in. But that's, that's, that's, that's that's weird bro.


Yeah. Back the fuck up bro. Yeah What? Because Ben was in that motherfucker smiling. I thought it was like good love. He probably was like I can't move Nigga get the fuck. Hey people really don't know Ben really A crash out. Yeah he he be talking shit bro. Ben, Ben is? Yeah he he play Coy but that's not the clip he's looking for og. Nah but he nigga did grab the back of that nigga neck. Yeah. Don't find my neck like that bro. Boy. He said tripping be probably told me like don't be disrespectful motherfucker. Yeah, yeah I would would've Gni saw that he put his mother fucking head on it. Yeah bro that's a lot bro. I'm happy that Tyrese got that post game to say hey yeah that's my pops but he was outta pocket for that 'cause if Gson would've saw his head, he would've been justified. Nah but GNI said I love you. Sorry.


Right. Don't disrespect me as a man. Man take your ass home. I don't hear none of that shit. You should did during the game. You got game time nigga. My son just gamed you. Fuck outta here. Nobody in this household fuck with you right now. Yes I'm talking shit without calling my son. Say yeah nigga. Yes that's why he got on being ass you wanna come hoop pull up. Oh that's why he got on being ass. You wanna come compete bro Coming down Ben act like he was about to do something. Bitch that nigga why you gripping my neck? Like I nigga No I'm talking about when he was talking to Tyrese's dad man like watch, watch, watch being in the background like what fuck going on bro. Boy get your ass choked up too bro.


Yeah. Honestly is a big ass person. Yeah be careful. Look at him. He look like me. What the fuck. Oh yeah, yeah tap in Ben we on that. Listen we don't got too many on the team that's that's really like that. He want him and James only two Holistically. Get your ass off. Yeah this is this a what you Doing? You're, you're a fan. You are G but you're a fan. You your ass off the court bro. You're not supposed to be walking as a player. P fucking P head as because You know what happened when the fan walked up, Onde Wayne Head nigga caught Popeye. Hey type in Wayne Head. Hey look at LP down there. You like man that's fuck as hell.


This is needed For the playoffs though man. It's not a robbery either 'cause we beat y'all ass. I'm tired of the buck. Somebody's a robbery. We done beat y ass here a road bitch Kanye. Nigga Tyree Tyree. I'm what the Pacers for? I'm with everybody. Fuck that. No, no Daddy Pacer hater You the that's crazy. I ain't even know Bucks for I fuck it. I let's go Kenny Atkinson. That's my old coach. I ain't play for no niggas on the Pacers Respect. Oh I did play for lp. That nigga ain't play me so fuck that. Kenny Atkinson. Let's go minutes. Yeah. Alright we here now. Cavs Pacers, what's up with it?


Y'all got Oh shit C C's gonna win but it's gonna be a good series. Cavs four one Pacers and six damn Cavs four one at Cavs and six Pace and six. This is the first time Pacer's gonna play a fully healthy team. Hmm. First time. I mean Darius Garland, he a little banged up. Hey bro, here's You know I'm happy you said that. I'm getting tired of y'all need to on internet. I watched Danny Granger have career changing injury. I had Paul George broke his fucking leg. Victor Aldi had career changing injury. The macho Saboni was hurt the last decade. Our best players have been hurt in the playoffs. I don't give a fuck. Availability is the best ability. That's a lot. Champion Depot. And then when y'all made y'all runs with them he was healthy.


Yeah. And the next year he, his choirs got messed up. Yeah y'all niggas weren't gonna do shit before. Ah. So now you on that y'all best Years now you on that when y'all took the cal at seven right? Yeah. Yeah. That was the best y'all was gonna get my nigga you crazy. The song next year you saying if y'all was healthy y'all would've wonder Mason is what that I'm saying if he, I'm saying that we had to deal with injuries in the postseason. Everybody gotta deal with him bro. Yeah I mean y'all, that's a fact. That's what I'm saying. Y'all these last years y'all played niggas without they best player at all. Nigga. Like niggas barely played a game nigga game. Did he played one game? Did they not play the record season and instance double last. We whoop they ass. You act like these games didn't happen. Like they're not record. Nobody cares about the regular season bro.


Oh but niggas hall. Oh no my god we beat him in the full season. How I feel Dame didn't play last year. GNI didn't play a game last year. Build a better team. It's not our fault. Get y'all training staff up. I hate, I hate fucking sad ass team to get lucky. Oh we lucky we done beat these niggas two years in a row. Yeah we're out. They best players bro. They literally isn't. It had blood clots and he now he doesn't have an Achilles. Give us some for sure. That's the homie. But get some csil beans in Milwaukee then if y'all niggas need to get right, get right. Hey my fault. Nevermind. I ain't gonna wish that on. No but the moment Miles Turner or one of them dudes roll ankle and you gonna see what we saying. You gonna be like Miles is out. We played, we played the STIC last year without Tyrese. Y'all wasn't gonna beat them regardless. It don't matter.


We still played 'em with our best player. He and Jason Satm told you on this broadcast, that was the hardest thing we played last year. He said without him he said they was the scrappiest team. No he didn't. He said that was he said all the hardest they was playing hard 'cause they run, they play, they play open gym. So we play and we four. He's like that's our hardest series. But we swep him so we have a game. What the fuck We have a game plan game that's our hardest series And we four them facts. A facts. He was really stunting, he was stunt. It was a fact. What Mean showing love actually nah. Yeah he was like the I fuck with y'all. But we Job song though. We get the as they played hard but man we swept. Oh yeah a couple all yous toos. How I did Gilly like bro you 50 bro but get this work, you play, you play good to be 50 bro.


That's like a backhand compliment. He was up mean they play hard. We swept him. Facts are facts. A couple. I use my cousin B Dub. I need that money. You owe me bread. I don't wanna wait till Mother's Day. My bed is washed. Don't put my auntie in this injured. Oh y'all good up here? Hey we don't even count nothing up here but B Dub run that bread. Awesome my homie. I think I owe you some money Jamal. We play basketball together. I'll see you Saturday run that chicken. I told everybody else y'all got Lil Grace but pay what you fucking way. Shout to the pacer for handling business on the Cleveland. Alright man. Nuggets Clippers. You called it Nacho Told y'all you called it. It's gonna give jam. Jamal Murray. I told you he's back once that game, once that happened the series was over 1 31 1 15.


How much did Jamal Murray have moot? Jamal Murray went crazy. Three, seven and five Westbrook. He said y'all gotta stop all the chatter had a great game last night. 2116 in the first half hooping Aren Gordon 23 and four Solid. Yoki didn't have a great scoring night but he still came out with a Triple Dub. 13, 12 and 10. Zak doing Zak things 27 and five Kauai 2011 and nine. James Harden gotta pick it up. 11, eight and Five. Man first let's start with the nuggets. In this situation you get a healthy win and Yoic only has 13 obviously tripled up. He gonna get that 'cause he liked that. But man the Role players bro. Russell Westbrook in the first half.


Six points. Yeah LeBron hit shots round, however you say his name, he hit shots bro. Christian Brobie hooping. Yeah she get shots bro. Man. But Jamal Murray, Denver didn't miss a shot in the first half. I told y'all, I told y'all what was gonna happen bro. That's a heartbreaker. Mm Yeah it's over with you. It's hard to recover from them. Yep. Like it's over with I think. Yeah I think I still stand on my producing. It's gonna go seven. Okay. You can, I mean they could win at home but they not gonna beat them in Denver. It's over with. Yeah. Going to seven with with Joker is Crazy bro. And I, I just like I said James Harden, I don't know what hard you going to get. It ain't too unpredictable like 11 to eight know the fuck. I don't want that one. Nah, I love James hard.


We love him. Not enough. You know we got the highest price for James Harden. But you, he's just unpredictable in the playoffs like three for nine. Yeah. I don't know what I'm gonna get four turnovers. Yeah I might get a 30 point performance from James Harden or I might get a nine. Like I don't, I don't know in a serious like this I'm gonna lean on somebody that's more productive all the time. Yeah. Ain't Joker gonna do the same thing every year. Now to be fair, Banovich was balling yesterday. He had 18 to 22 minutes. I know he kind of leaned a little bit there but still, like you said James Harden is our second best player. Nine points in the playoff game or nine attempts. Excuse me is not enough. N PZ had 12. KW had 15, zoo had 15. Hell Chris Dun had seven shot attempts.


I need more shot attempts from James Harden. Yeah he was, he was the difference of the game. Yeah we need bogey hit shots facts boys did they job. He just had to come through bro. It just, it was a tough game man. It Was. And they shot the shit Out the ball. And they wasn't guarding though. Yeah They wasn't, they was getting open Threes. Yeah. Bad rotations. And man like you said, shout out to Jamal Murray. He took that long sleeve off and got back to it. He looking like Bubble Jamal Murray and when he doing that, that's a tough team. That's When they championship level when he playing like that. Yeah. Because we know what Joker gonna do. But when he do this, that's when they be one of the championship level teams. Yeah. And to get a blowout, basically win like this with Joker only happened 13. That's tough. Yeah that's, I'll tell you what, what the Clippers gotta do to bounce back.


I mean they gotta play what better it's, it is really depending on James hard. Okay. I remember we earlier we was like if Kaw can come back and meet Kawhi they'd be all right. But this, this is all based off James Hart. If James Hardt plays well the Clippers usually win. Yeah like but he gotta play at a high level. Not all the turnovers. He gotta make shots. He gotta be aggressive but they gotta guard a little bit like they don't guard at all bro. Chris Dun guard Kawhi give you a little something. Not like he used to but everybody else kind of. Man shit, I watched Westbrook drive by niggas. I'm like damn I'm not saying nothing about Westbrook. You know he a legend too but yeah no resistance. I'm like damn Westbrook walk into the basket like he had bang shots, nobody contesting them and shit.


I'm like yeah When when he hit threes though, y'all not beating the nuggets bro. It's over. So I said about role players Bro they playing too. Well bro Their role players are better than the Clippers role players bro. One they play and it's the way the Clippers play though 'cause they do a lot of isolation. So your role players really don't got a chance to have a role unless you just a sniper. Yeah Open shots are put back. It's a whole bunch of times. James Harden at the top of the key. He call a scream blah blah blah. Do his James Harden shit and the shot clock run out. He like damn nigga that ain't get a shot. Yeah man He 11 assist though. But he do Miss Wild, he missed bogey so open one time. Bogey got hot too.


Like Kaw. Yeah. Yeah. My problem is the eight assist for turnovers like we talked about James hard in the postseason. That turnover that is tough. You can't have him turnovers man. Man play Ben Simmons more man. Nah Bro. Keep him where he at? Around boy. Floater even close bro. That's right. I meant to text Luke yesterday as say look at my boy cloud. He thought he was about to abuse yo. Hey I was about to just ask you about that. I said take his ass out. I'm trying to rewind it on my tv. That shit was crazy bro. I was like somebody please post this on Instagram episode.


Send it to the guys said what the hell was that? I said that's why my nigga only playing for me yesterday. Shit like Shout to the super chat King honcho. He said time to give up on p Simmons. Hey watch him out Key. Who? Cho yo ass aint gonna be able to come to America. You keep talking like that. You river Respect me. Just play for for sure. What? What else they said in Super chat? I had seen something earlier. Oh man they said I was hating on the song. Oh they did? Let's hear it. Oh there we go. Okay let scroll down a little bit. Go down. I remain unimpressed. He said Tig the pace is hate is loud and unhealthy therapy. You so hurt King. Damn. Damn trying to stop you. Damn you what I'm hurt for nigga they paid me before. Fuck this nigga.


Oh your iso. Oh there it is. Yes sir. This shit wasn't even close Bro. Like what are you doing? Yos couldn't even get, I mean Yos couldn't even get to rebound nigga he was so bad. Look at him Reach. Damn. Said nigga At least in the backboard. Tell continue I man. Man I hope he can say CI business man. Oh shit, that was crazy. He must be a Pacer fan. Who was that? Yeah, therapy. Thanks for The dub. Right on King. Right on. He said s therapy. Damn diagnosis for sure niggas boy. No y'all ain't never won shit out here boy. Not too much.


We was in the conference final last year. That nigga ain't won shit. The Pisses took care of the nigga yesterday. This's. What nigga look like? Y'all look like I'm Floyd with you boys. Fuck Shit nigga rapping.


Who scoring big in the NBA this season you are with all the new ways to get in on action at DraftKings Sports book an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus Best instantly. Take us to the wrack for Draftking Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio


Oh Tasty high note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I'm practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online so there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this leaf blower, PayPal could pay for your your Purchase. The great PayPal checkout, no purchase necessary end July 18th. See official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 in eligible purchases per cart.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


What's good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taking over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know It's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge. If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment from available intelligent around view monitor to available BOS personal plus sound system. The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guess is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 With available HD enhanced intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine. So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features. Snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy. Music, love, culture and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast festival.


'cause the 2025 NBA plows get more exciting actually yes because this year thanks to Dash pass members only deal. When they swoosh you score. Specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game pass, members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use your promo called Wing stop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score time for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one. Valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


Pisses get the win yesterday. 1 0 6. 1 0 3. Lord close game Mo. Hold on let's not dis before we, before we go to the Pistons y hear what GNI said in his shit. What'd he say? He said I'm a champion. They're not. They're not. They're fucking losers. He didn't say that. He said fucking losers. Basically. That's what he didn't say that don't fucking wannabes. That what he said remix. He wanted to say y'all not gonna win anything like this dude you about to fucking lose See in a week. You know what I said we beat your ass years in a a row nigga. Now you about to be on a new team. We fucking champions enjoy South Beach. Yo. When we having our celebration party, y'all the fucking champion on now I'm gonna get on your ass.


2020. That's the nigga that had the stroke. Whatever that shit. Hey they balling. Fuck y'all nigga. Don't fuck one down. Nah don't fuck with. Hey don't disrespect my nigga. Yeah, super chat out of pocket show. Okay, turn up chat. That's funny. Mouth laugh. I know it's good. I'll go over there looking for the funny shit. So he is. That is hilarious. Four most pisses game. Y'all think Clippers gonna tie it up at home and they take game seven?


Yeah I that's going seven. The NBA need a good first round series. They gonna do that. Think It's going seven. Okay. I told you them Detroit pims gonna win. They they got the D best today yo. Talk about it. K Strong second half performance 28 and eight. Yo tho 22 7 OG with a solid performance. 19 and eight Kat 1711. I think he gotta do a little more. Mm. Bronson 16 and seven. He definitely Gotta do more. They they finally made it tough on Bronson man. Yeah fuck it's all bad. But You know what I hate about Detroit defense, they let people play on islands too much. Like some of these motherfuckers ain't making no shots bro. Like make somebody else make a shot.


Okay. Like I seen one time Dru was denying K What's his little nigga a pay what's his name? Campaign. Campaign. He was denying him at the man campaign. Played all game. Yeah he played 11 minutes Show shot. Let him kill man Sit in hit man. Sit in that help side and make campaign. Make a fucking shot. Yeah like they be letting these dudes play one-on-one. I mean Jalen Brunson out there literally looking like Joe Johnson. He out there on islands by himself bro. Well four 16 too. He did not speak shit yesterday Shooting night. Horrible. But I'm like that ain't gonna happen again. Like make somebody else beat you man. Ka not Kat, not Jalen Brunson and not Mikel Bridges Make Josh Hart make a couple fucking thirds.


Yeah okay. Make Campaign make somebody else G. Yeah. Make somebody else just have a good night. Anybody But them two. Them two take them out the game. Yeah, no I ain't gonna hold you. I got it got a little nervous at the end when I seen ML come off that screen and splash it up. Yeah. 1 0 3. Oh OG hit a big three too big shot. Yeah that was a crazy as they almost took that game from them. The the Pistons. They really should damn near swept these motherfuckers by now. They be up every game. Yeah And be having a game one and in the fourth quarter meltdown. Nah, I ain't that look like the Bucks. That's where it count though that fourth quarter. Yeah. If they don't, if they get that foul call they up.


It's a different talk For sure. But what you think they need to do if for them to possibly come back? Obviously we don't think the Knicks are gonna play this bad next game but what do, what do I need to do? Say make the other people beat you. Okay. Stop letting Bronson ice hold the whole game. Blow the court up. It's getting half, it's getting help out. Somebody Else do something man. Who got like being the best player in the series so far? Jalen Brunson. Okay. Yeah K right after. But Jalen Brunson been the best. Most definitely. Alright. Who is this remain unimpressed? He back in it. He said here's another one donated to the Hawks Coaches staff don't get angry. I'm a supporter. I I ain't mad nigga. The Hawks paid me and the Pacers paid me and the books. I love all them. That's what you fail to realize.


Shout I'm under press for the question and now you paying so I fuck with you too. Lock a twin. What's happening Quick? 40 Detroit. Man it's, I, it's kind of hard to gauge them 'cause they play so well in person then they just abandoned what they were doing. Good. Like is it consistency they just need to do going forward. They just don't got, they Don't got enough bro. They don't got a consistent player that's like Cade is great. He's gonna be all NBA. He having a great year. Yeah but they just don't got nobody else. They can just like, like what's his name? Jalen? Darren? Yeah. I like him. He ain young, big but he's still, he's still raw, You know what I mean? He do some shit that ain't, He not really an offensive threat for You at all.


But he's still raw. So You want Tobias to be solid enough To Yeah, but y'all asking Tiah Tobias to do too much. All this Money he done made bro Brom. He had 17 yesterday Bro. Mind your business bro. 17 eight. I'm not, no 25 a night type of guy. No You're not. You Man. He played the target like 20 minutes On this. On this pissing team. He has to average 20 and 10. You have to get not him Bro. You Have to somebody Else. They need another A wing bro. 20 point score for real. Like 1820 point score. I beat that for when they get back. No, what's about to ask? I don't, I don't even think he fit how they play. Not at a championship. Nah Bro. I mean I like him. He Could do it but not if Thompson was like his brother, they'd be cool. Well He had 22 last night.


He up Was on a consistent level. I got you. Nah, Facts that ain't, they just, they need a, I don't want they need a six man. They need, they need a, what's a guy from Brooklyn? We guys talk about Cam Thomas? No, they got him and Jay. Jay Ivy gonna be that. Oh okay. But they need Paul George three years ago, four years ago. Yeah. He need another All Star next to him. Yeah, like a, A wing that Luke said Nah, not Paul George, bro. I see what Jeff's saying though. I'm just Saying Paul George, that's not gonna happen. So. No, I'm saying they need a player like, Like him, like A, I don't even know he young but they could use like Miles, bridges.


So Would it make sense for you? You know what I Zion, would it make sense? Hell nah. Nah, we don't need no trouble because Him, him, yeah him and Durian might clog too Much. We swapped them out. Oh Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Oh yeah. Jd, Isaiah, Isaiah Stewart after five Fives on your jersey. We to swap y'all out. Oh for sure. And something on the Kade and Zion ro Hell Yeah. That's that's your 20 Though? Yeah. Yeah that's 20. But I'm saying like if they wanted to keep it where the thing was built around Cade like Miles, bridges would've been cool 'cause You know he can get 18 or 20. Yeah he gonna make cover threes. He gonna run the lane but Kade is still your guy. Facts. I'm just saying a a player like that, that ain't gonna cost you too much. It ain't too highlighted.


I get what you're saying. I like that. I like But if you went for the the Gusto you yeah you can go get Zion. I don't think they'll win shit but yeah they'd be nice though. Yeah that's a tough picker road. All man Prince a CV asked it super chat. Tobias needs more respect on his name he guarded Ka and playing him. Even Tobias Harris has been very productive in this city. I love Tobias Harris no s smart 17 eight last night play four, three minutes. I didn't do it again. Do it again this next day. Nah, I fuck with Tobias Harris though. Like yeah We getting 30 on Tobias. Yeah I fuck with Tobias. You Said S Squad you see Sebi Had a solid game and they won bro. Yeah, I fuck with Tobias too like That. I feel like Yeah a lot of people give him hate. Nah, I think he just do his job and he, he's solid. He definitely do his Job To the tee.


You know what's funny though? I had a story with Tobias Harris one day, right? This is when I was younger we was hollering at these girls. I was hollering at a girl. The girl was like man nigga said you holler at all the girls. I said damn who said that? And then she told me, I said Damn Tobias you Fucked up. Oh see you shouldn't have told me Stop sharing shit Tobias. You a op. You gone Like damn See said Damn Now I don't fuck with you And she might have been lying on you so I dunno that's Spots. Yeah she might been lying Ain different than me. I would've shouted shorty out. Me and Aya gotta have a a Zoom call.


He he, He a New York nigga so You know think he probably more player than that. She probably was Hay. She probably some smart name. We gonna give benefit of the doubt. I'm gonna give him some benefit man. Superchat DC said that, that was years ago so I don't know the situation. Probably married. This was like shit I think he might missed first, second year Bull young. I swear to God you'd be a part of all the bullshit. I do. I'm I think my life is starting to be made to do podcasting 'cause some of the random ass shit people be tagging me Me like how the fuck Out here it's a million niggas in the NB. Like why I holler Troy and this nigga, I don't even fuck with this nigga say you holler at all those. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So you be all for her To pull that name out. That's crazy though. I snitching. I told y'all be careful.


Be careful these girls Boy and think show Johnny recently Be careful shit can get wicked DC The super says how y'all feel about Jordan Pool? The Detroit secondary ball Hunter is scoring. Yes I'm nothing. Let's go that nigga quiet free JP Washington. Nah I free my dog. Let Him have fun Washington. Let him just keep him. MCC gonna get the bumper Facts. Nah they gonna hoop out bro. Let JP Cook. Yeah he saying 50. I remain under the press 50 ball. He says say with your chest then being weeks of pace. Hay I fuck with you but a compli for a play scene. Can't hurt 90 now be here. I get a shirt too. Yeah bro, fuck it. We fuck with You bro. You get a shirt. Fuck bro. You know you a Nigerian scammer bro. Just keep sending four niggas this paper bro.


You outta pocket bro. That came Somebody Count. Yeah, Shout out to the Finesse for sure man. Knicks they gonna hit the next game or is it going seven? No bro, it's over with. It's, I think it's over with. Okay, I I know how you feel you to Slip man. I Feel like Detroit needs to win one at the crib though. Mm K raw man That would be far though if they, You know what I'm game six At crib bro. They gotta get they fans to win bro. Yeah They probably going seven bro. Okay. Should be hard. I ain't man, I'm trying to think if the NBA put the fix in yet. Yeah, the NBA put it in. It's going seven. Okay. He ain't been wrong about That. Yeah He working with the peoples bro. I think either one of these teams against the Celtics will get slaughtered.


What I've seen from the Knicks that can not execute like that. That gets the Celtics ord. Hell Celtics going load up on defense. They gonna be big corn. What's his name? Lou Cornett? Yeah Cornett. I done call nigga Cornell Big Corn Saying college Cornell West. Fuck it him too. They Gonna put all them they poor things. They gonna load the fuck up. They ain't about to sit there and let them play like that. Yeah okay. They going to guard and rotate and make somebody else make a shot. I know what they, I know Joe. That's my guy texting not too long ago for sure. Shout out to Coach Joe. Yeah we already fores shotted a little bit but the social secure business yesterday Delta as situation one 20 to 89. Man they advanced the second round.


Man. JT took it personal yesterday Mo. Yeah y'all didn't even was talking about Franz and Bo Carroll. He he listening Carroll. Yeah they said he was listening to pod. He got something for y'all. I'm gonna bro tune then can keep playing. That's what I gotta do. Lot of fire under your last boy. Go ahead boy. But He took a personal last night 35, 10 and eight JB 23, 6 and three there go Wagner killing though 25 4 and four y Mine Carroll 1996. Yeah You know man I text my nigga he ain't text me back. I said yeah he ain't fucking with us man. Y'all niggas disrespectful. I didn't say it. It was DJ nigga said they fucking with y'all. Hey Man jt. JT you better than Luca. I Ben said this. No he didn't.


Him and Evan Turner said Think you were a secretarial with Luca bro. Nah, Nah they said if they could him and Evan Turner said if they could trade Luca straight up for you, they'd do it today. Fuck No I would not. Luca don't play no defense bro. They Still love the group chat though. Me, JT bro still nigga. But I, I'm taking JT over and I and now I'm taking and over gimme two bro. Oh okay. Yeah Luca damned and dropped to like eight his defense Bro. It his defense listen His offense is top tier. I want y'all to stop getting disrespectful on this. No, his office Is a elite bro bro. His defense it's so bad bro Saying he's number eight in the NBA bro. I didn't say that On my list bro. I did not say that.


I'm taking, I'm taking Shay over him because I'm just looking like gimme Shay, gimme an gimme JT X gimme Steph. Oh no. Yes bro. Fuck him with that. They're not Gimme Jimmy bro you don't Play defense bro. That shit is overrated bro. Y niggas hoop but come on he is overrated. Y gotta be real bro. It is Overrated to a certain extent But it is so bad that you can't even like he makes a team lose bro. Jade mcd and that's my favorite player and shout to ever nigga said they was gonna gimme his jersey. Man you don't want that shit man. I Do. When Jay McDaniel is io on you. That's crazy. Come On bro. And ain't no shade Offense bro. I know Jays nice though.


He is but He, he ones like Go to his Jay's stats. Yeah Jayden is nice. He got, He don't ice on nobody else though Bro. He he say he acting different Mo. Yeah he's the only person he ice ice on. He Can get a buck. He Average was 12 Bro. Yeah man it's two niggas on his team to average them near 25. 25 and 20 bro, I'm not saying he don't but when he said leaving shit I Need to shoot when he say I'm averaging 12 and they saying fuck that 3% on him bro. I'm When you say fuck that, I'm going at him scoring and niggas is telling you Take him. I do too. He my favorite player in the league right now Man that's ka. I'm just saying y'all niggas play besides J play basketball so that's why I fuck with y'all word. What y'all say about this shit. But to say Luca is you saying he ate it is crazy bro.


Who I was It is not. It's not too many niggas buried than Luca. I Jt. But Back to the original part of this. You taking a over Luca now I like a, I like yeah Know how I'm rocking. Imagine Luca come back Next year and start playing defense shit That's never forever. I know, I mean all he gotta do play a little bit of defense bro. He ain't got lock nobody Up. Yeah I got a A and them take it personal and shit. I like that is baby Jordan they guard. That's My favorite player In the world A in the Lynches home. Yeah and he respect guard them nigga respect right now. Yeah Luca and I, Luca and I going back and guarding him like that nigga pushing nigga guard all them nigga I seen one time Luke A was coming up, he said I got bro and nigga Jay McDaniels pushed that nigga like nah I got him like bro nigga what?


I Know I'm rocking. They My two favorite. That's my favorite dude. Them down Bro. I'm rolling with that dude got better shape Luca Nigga is down bro and Luca only 25 and he done did a lot of damage in the NBA bro. Luca retired today bro. He is a hall of Fame basketball Player. His top eight player is not disrespectful. That elite bro. He's a Hall of Fame nigga if he put his shoes on a string today bro that's fact. But that got nothing to do with Anthony Edwards being better than him. No I, You know I'm rolling with that's my favorite player ain what I'm saying bro. It is. It is crazy to say eight and he he did did that Much. That's not that crazy. But he gotta play a little defense bro. Okay. I mean so you'll take Luca over KD Right now? Yes bro.


I'm just asking the question. Damn nigga I'm not mad at you. You Taking Luca over K? No I I'm take it today. He definitely, yeah. Damn you take Kade over Luke bro. I'm taking Luke over KI like Kade. I like KA lot Like Kade too but I'm taking, I like Kade A lot. You taking That's the case. Case then You Luca over Giannis This 26 and nine taking Luca over Giannis? No. Oh no, no. Nah. Taking Luca over Joker. No, no. Nah. Telling you nigga eight bro. Eight bro over AE over Shay. No it's tough. Math is math Right now. I can't say what I want. Say it's a lot of black people though. Take Y'all name. Oh you take step Name Some mixed guys. You take him over Steph?


Yeah You take him over Steph? Yeah. Ooh nah I ain't never take him over Jimmy Butler. I ain't never taken him over Step A black guy. I ain't never, I don't what year did I ain't never taking that was Step not overstepping. No I just, I just, I don't know. Y'all saying Luca eight and I just kind of you this off. It's not his Offense. His offense is top three. You're taking Luca over K Defense bro Right now. Yeah. Ooh that's tough. All right man. Let's, let's move on Is the best. Hey, it's the best ability baby that y'all play to play DJ bro. You taking Luca or Tyrese? DJ Soldier. Your boy with it? He Taking Luca or Tyrese?


Luca. Luca N Luca. Hey I know I don't like how you just saw that nigga name Tyrese bro. Disrespectful bro. Jaylen Brunson or Luca? Luca. Oh yeah, I'm taking Luca. Me too. Yeah. Alright. Super chat Nick Soul 97 says if JC wins P this year is the best player in the world jt Nah nah but I hope he win Tops Finals. No, all Joe shot. I hope he win finals MVP Me too but they, they robbed my boy But Yoic is still the yeah he still best player in the league. Yeah and jt You know he my favorite player in the league but he, he ain't better than Yoic Sha ain. You know what I say Jayde my second favorite player.


He did? Yeah. Don't don't the best I remain on impressed Jazz said make it a hundred be here. How you feel about Y in Chicago for Pat Williams. Boy don't ever disrespect. Yeah bro you getting out of pocket Milwaukee into picks Milwaukee. The NBA will never do that. Milwaukee ain't that dumb. We can offer better than that. I know the people around Milwaukee's Crazy. Yeah that's the Milwaukee 30 minutes from Chicago. That'll never happen. Niggas will pull up on this. Yeah Like hold on in conference rates Too. What y just send him my phone nigga. Yeah bro. Not worse. He is not going for that. That's my guy. He nah, nah, nah. Smart. He would not betray end the division at all. He is not with the Kings not like us for Suret. You was like Calvin off pay at WCC Wilding.


Fuck you nigga. Alright man. Tonight's game. We'll see how y'all feel man. Warriors at Rocket Three one. Is it time to go to bed? I want the Warriors to go ahead and finish this out. Yeah, go ahead take that out. For real. Oh damn. They searched pay four. That'd being funny. Oh no. Niggas said that forever. Yeah, For Sure. When they say he like Stephen a that's my favorite comparison. That's fucking list was so weak bro. Look at Steven. They right there. He definitely let me get a hug. That nigga did say lemme get a hug. And who felt was harder? Him or Terra or Ter Howard?


That's not about sound. Crazy. Terrance Howard had the hat, the role and the sweater. He was agg as hell in the woods talking shit. Oh my God. Man. Crazy Paid for is a classic movie. Iconic. One of the best. But now you gotta pull this nigga picture because y'all know I like the rose. I I said we all seen profile pictures. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta send a picture when you send a joke. Whole ass. Alright man. Steph Classic game. I think he about to go crazy tonight then he gonna have one of them put the kids to bed. Mama Tonight? Yeah. I'm they playing in Houston? Yeah. Ah, I'm, I'm gonna go with H Town tonight. Okay. You think Rocket can fight back? Yeah. BA and put the fix in. Mm.


Jalen Green might go crazy. He might Have a good night tonight. Jalen Green. Yeah. Yeah. Too many games. It's been, the series been too short. Oh. Cooking. You know what I mean? Ain't the NBA ain't been able to draw out these series and make more TV money? Yeah. Like You know Miami doing what Miami did. They gotta make up for that somehow. Facts So they gonna stress these series out a little longer. Yeah, I was bucking just too much bro. I I just think they about to get 'em. Get 'em gone though. Nah, It's gonna be some home cooking bro for sure. Like home cooking. Yeah. I love to see the fish crew tonight. They finna foul Steph so much tonight. You think about like ain't fouling the shit outta him. The magic in the Boston series, they ain't do what it was supposed to. The Bucks was supposed to win. Last Bucks was supposed to give him a win. It is too short. They, yeah.


Yeah the rest between games is crazy. That's why I'm kind of happy that, You know what I'm saying, the Pacers won 'cause the calve swept the shock and like you don't need the team having that much rest. But yeah, you look at what the schedule may be so yeah they win night then they'll play Friday and then yeah they gotta stretch this out a little bit. Alright man we, we will see for sure man. But everybody going, everybody going. You said you got Rockets? Who you got? Oh I got the Warriors. Warriors Mo, I got Warriors. I like rockets. Okay, I'm gonna go Warriors tonight. Another game three one T Wolves at Lakers. I told you Lakers, they definitely gonna stretch this series Lakers. Oh yeah. They will get every call in the world tonight. Oh man, it it's gonna look, it is gonna be Lakers gonna blow 'em out. They gonna take you to Game seven Watch. Yeah. Oh okay. Seven Lakers gonna blow him out this game.


Hell To Tonight. They gonna take you to seven bro. They about to win. Lakers won about 20 tonight. Who gonna score more tonight Luca or LeBron? Luca. Luca gonna get 50 tonight, not 50 but he gonna have a, who gonna show out tonight? Yeah. He don't guard nobody but he gonna show out. Oh. He gonna have 38. Okay. I I think the Lakers gonna win. I don't know about no blowout. Y'all the T was one got these niggas out. I wouldn't be surprised. NBA can't make it close bro. They going Jesus boys. Y'all think it's going a blowout Catch up back in many NBA got a little wrestling in it bro. Mm Yeah I ain't gonna say that a little bit. They gonna doctor, they can control the game to a certain extent. Yeah 'cause they gonna make 'em ref call some calls. All I'll say is look at that officiating cruise ball.


It's a couple names. I ain't gonna put no m much little Wrestl in it. Some of them names Fish ain. Crew. You know how the game gonna be called. It's proof in the Pud Scott Foster. It's proof in the pudding When you see, when Mike Biby tell y'all that the Lakers got 25 foul calls in the fourth quarter. That's crazy bro. I should tell y'all something. How can I even play every time I'm standing down here y'all Call, y'all know I don't like this shit anyway so y'all just make it worse for me to think About it. Nah and I ain't even saying it ain't rigged. Ain't rigged. You gotta make shots. They making the rep call shit. Shit. But I'm saying LeBron and Luca gonna put they head down tonight when they get into that basket. Man. Yeah you can't make somebody if you in their way it's going to be a foul call but they gotta make shots and shit. That's part of the game but okay. They can tell the ref be a little tight on that end. If the Lakers, if the Lakers lose though.


Where, where do you, does ae move up in the ranks? A little Bit. He already, that's good performance and move them back up. Don't matter torch. See it ain't never what ae do on the court. That's just a s smart he get be from. Oh yeah. Off the court. I just meant like I didn't know how y'all felt about him so far as Yeah he, I gas him 'cause I, that's my Favorite player in Minnesota. They don't put him on, they don't put him on TV enough. They get, they get some games but they don't get enough. 'cause when you watch him that shit is like you be like God damn bro. He move faster than everybody quicker than everybody jump higher jump off the train lane. Yeah, well he sent KD home. I knew. I said yeah he different and he don't give a fuck. I love that. And he and my biggest Oh go ahead. Yeah and he want to be in Minnesota like niggas don't wanna be in Minnesota.


They gonna make him be the face of the league though. But like him wanting to be in Minnesota. Yeah And say something made me like Minnesota like because I hated that motherfucker. Yeah but I wanna play in Minnesota. Like I be like damn we had Anthony s while there. It probably been fun as hell. And would he turned his shit up? Yeah. Talking shit. Yeah. And this year I respect him so much 'cause he felt dealt with a lot adversity. That team that Trey used shook everything up. That didn't start good. Yeah it was quiet. He put his head down even when, You know what I'm saying, off the court situations, put his head down and stick out to it and they, he about to send legends home. Yeah. You send the legends home by gotta respect it. We talk about the regular season being blase, blase playoff time. He doesn't send people home. Yeah. So if you sending people home and you still killing nothing but respect. Nah, I fuck with him man.


He, he definitely my third favorite player.


Okay. Get your mother loving ears on because your big time radio DJ's got news. PayPal lets you choose how you want to pay for all the stuff with PayPal. I can pay in store, pay online or pay over time. What's that? You want this translated into song? I hope you're sitting down. You can pay your own way. You keep those ears on you hear don't just pay baby PayPal learn more at PayPal dot com.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to OG Cool rush for yourself.


'cause the 2025 NBA plows get more exciting actually Yes because this year thanks to Dash pass members only deal when they swoosh you score. Specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use the promo code Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score time for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game. Must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


Click fast and save big Shop our blinds.com Spring Cyber Monday sale happening right now and elevate your space with brand new custom window treatments today. Blind Stock com is the number one online retailer for custom window treatments offering you professional support and styles that fit any budget from classic shutters and bamboo shades, even motorized shades for your outdoor space. blinds.com has something for everyone with honest upfront pricing and no hidden fees, DIY or let us handle everything from Measure to install. blinds.com makes it easy. With free virtual consultations, our design experts will help guide you from start to finish with free samples sent directly to you so you can try before you buy. Plus every order includes our 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blind.com Spring Cyber Monday sale going on right now. Save up to 45% with minimum purchase. Plus get a free professional measure up to 45% off@blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


We're gonna make a list next compilation. Shout out to the super chat for show Verified Buckets. B Hint, who is getting to it? I'm gonna give it my favorite player. Go ahead. I'm gonna give it to JT man. K I'm gonna give it to my boy. I can give it to you. Light skinned 35 10 in major digit thing yesterday. You probably watched the show. Close out games Matter for sure. Nacho. Who you got my favorite Overrated player? Tyree Hallberg had 26 9 and five. Yo Send Bombs home? Yeah. The game winner though. Nah my all joking inside. He he played well last night. Yeah he torched. He been killing this whole series. Yeah, most definitely. Moku. You got oh Jamal Murray man 43, 7 and five. Keep that up. Y'all going, y'all might go to the conference finals.


Okay. Shout out to Freaky Ma. Yeah, last of certain, not least man Giannis Met dominate this series. I told y'all I figured we was gonna win but I know that Giannis was gonna average a 30 point triple double. He didn't let us down man. 30, 20 and 13 he hooped out. You think they gonna go on accomplished finals if he keep killing? Gotta play. Let's go to the Matchups Thunder. They gotta play the Thunder. They they gonna Make the finals. It's a possibility. I mean I ain't gonna say that far but I seen but but I don't know man, them boy, them Thunder Boys been at home some Role Players bro. Yeah the the Nuggets are going to have to go crazy. They might shot because Yos can score nigga 50, 20 and 20. Yeah that's ain Ain't been tested yet bro. Okay. You think this a tester though?


It could be. No I think them niggas, I think they so confident. Yeah. Until some adversity hit You. Yeah shit was down 30. They was Down 30. Yeah but they was up three. Oh we lose this game it don't matter. We gonna win the next one. Finish this off For some reason. Man. Them young boys man. That's a different team. Nah they are but they ain't face no adversity for. They got some But they ain't played Joker. This Is their first test. This First. They go to a series down two, one or so. Either one of these teams to be they first. Let's go see what y'all made of bro. Yeah okay. Going into Denver. You know it's hard to play out there. Yeah. Don't see they got A little bit. I don't give a fuck in 'em though. They do But they ain't play Joker. And if Jamal Murray and boys play Defense when Jamal Murray get high he on Miss Bro and Nah You can't, it's hard to beat Denver when he hot bro.


I'm trying to think who gonna guard him. The Offense look crazy. Yeah Who gonna guard him? Oh y'all win four games on KC? Yeah you Denver gotta throw. I mean this might be OD but I'm Denver throwing Lou do outing. You got To Mm you got to 'cause NPJI mean obviously is Guardian hard and Stein Lou Dork gone. Fuck Lou do locks shit up bro. Nah, Lou Dork got over you. Denver Gotta Caro on Guardian too. Yeah, I was gonna say you that's the think about I fuck with these young boy, they got four quality wings you could throw at him 'cause also Jay Williams play defense too. He ain't the best but he's a quality. He willing defender. He's a good defender. Who niggas gonna guard Chet Aren, PJ himself? I ain't say that's who guard but that's gonna probably be the match up. Oh Well maybe his Christmas put the biggest bow on him.


We Gonna see Chet ain't ready buy shit. That's why I'm saying maybe his self I Don't be here. Them lights get Right. Nah I'm not, I shouldn't say about shit. I should say like he really ain't like, he Not gonna be like He not about to. I sold him Luis. Make this a real please. It's gonna be us coming down party be him. Yeah. Killing. But I'm saying he ain't solid. He ain't like the person The game they down 30. Let me take that. Let me rephrase what I said 'cause I'm talking like I'm at home with y'all niggas and people. I'm forgetting that like people watching him like damn. He said Che ain't shit. No I'm saying He don't mean like he said all Yeah I'm saying Che not the person you worry about on this team so let prove himself. Yeah let me get my lingo right because I forgot I course he can play. That's obvious Bro. Yeah but this you worried about Sha Gils Alexander?


Yeah. Yeah that's the focal point. He he the mvp The second option dub the second option like Che, you like Chet got poor Inga vibes y'all. I'm telling y'all Tell y'all I'm not mad at that but it's not a bad thing. Real. He gonna get tested for sure and listen he gotta get battle tested brother. Yeah it is his time to show up If nobody on their team can guard him, Nobody on their team guard Joker. Yeah that's it. Hard. I'm just saying Aren Gordon a pretty good defender. He about who you think Aren Gordon will be Guard. He gonna have to guard shit That I like that message I'm rolling Over N PJ if NM PJs guard him yo Man stop playing. NJ Would guard Christian Brown or something like that ain Playing with us.


NP J gonna be guard now If Aren Gordon is guarding, I'm rolling Aren, he could slow him down. He gonna be guarding Lou Dork NPJ. That makes sense. You know what made me laugh, they was talking about Mike Malone. I think CRI telling y'all told y'all niggas about Russell Westbrook and told me Da Minchi look what he did. I don't know who that is. I thought he won. Oh that's my Boy. He got one of them names. He from somewhere else Ko. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think we'll see him in the series but respect him. Nah, he got in, he got in the other day. Alright. Respects a loose. Yeah he got in four year Pro. Okay Our buddy, when old buddy was out he got okay Respect for sure.


Alright man, Get Well Soon be here. Who need some encouragement this morning? Wendell Carter man JT caught him lacking. Yeah that's my favorite player. Ah. Who? Hey Light throwing Should have, yeah should have stepped up. Watch out Earlier Man Watch out PB five nigga. I'm the best man. Man went Crazy nigga in the league from Duke. Only Reason why I didn't like that is they went oh a halftime with all that hype. It was gassed after that. Man. You said that that that's when you broke the game open. For real Bro. Baby year old boom with two Dude the game was closed. That's a weak ass halftime score bro. Yes JT you are the best nigga from Duke. For real. They both play a lot Of defense. Yeah so that, that took it up. So that was mine.


Okay, tell who you got man. I'm gonna take it. What's on to my dog M-V-P-A-K-A Gary Trent Jr. We don't need, we don't need to play the game. We know what happened. Let the ball is that on here? That nigga let the ball go through his leg when the production team ask us Whistle back there. That's the problem. One more time for the one time yo. All we need to play in these jerseys every game we don't lose these jerseys. This crazy that he just boop yo. That's nuts bro. That is crazy. Good Will. So MVP you had a hell of a game for sure. No s smart on Gary Trade Jr. Who ball this series. I ain't putting smart on him bro.


He killed This game. He was going crazy. Blast bro. Some loser shit bro. Bro just took his out. I'm nothing bro. Lights get Bright man. That's crazy bro. Being ain gonna ask. I mean he did throw a kind low ban was a reason he had to catch that bro. He did throw a kind of low though you and catch that bro. Get low bro. Pause bro. You gotta Catch that. Dive on the ball bro. This yeah Brom getting double and I pass bro Ball. Look bro, watch Miles Turner like he like what the fuck are y'all doing? Like watch then he get hype. Ah nah I was the same way. I was like what the fuck are you doing Tyree? Yes My mouth should have ran his bitch ass out here. Get your ass out there. What you waiting for?


Bobby would've got a dog bro. Miles closing out from the paint to the three bro. Bobby was go get an ooh dog, it was about to be gay for sure. Alright, you running again? You gotta fuck outta here nigga. And one. I'm rolling with that Tyrese. They got you fucked up. Overrated my ass. Send niggas home for sure. All right Mo. Who you got JB whatever he did. Oh yeah. Went crazy. Excuse me. Hey Slowmo in and out too. Who that fool Joseph boy, he damn retired you boy. Yep. That that one right there gets you going. That's Slowmo in and out? Yeah that that's the one that yo, Hey man That's a D pad crossover. He in Turbo.


Hey man this this nigga Jeff Teague sent me a a a dm. You know how we share our dms on this show? A Jalen Brown haircut. You fucking lie. So I love my brother man. We we share res man He, what's wrong with his haircut? He got the Carlos Boos. The Lego? Yeah. What does this nigga talk about? Ah, Make it even, what's wrong with my problem is that when you see other people in the picture? I had to go, Jim send me so much shit I had to go through. It'd be on our our next one man for next round Nigga. See It's okay Mike, don't worry about it.


Put that one right there. You know I got the production team One. There we go right there. Beijing. My boy Got probably off to the far right. Oh nah that ain't, well he got a little hint On the corner But you can see it now you make too much money to get your hair cut like that. Man, y'all gotta stop and last turned out least man Get Well Soon to biding bathroom. There's no reason that yonder should have grabbed him like that because you ain't no champion nigga I disrespect you dude. That don't mean you can cuff my neck though bro. That's the damn area. He waited for that handshake too boy. I wonder what he said to him though. He probably was like, he said don't do that. I seen that so he probably like y'all being disrespectful.


Alright. Shout out to you. How that stuff. Yeah like we both African brother don't do that. I wanted to ta to be up there and and sly Haliburton senior. That'd been hilarious bro. If T would've came through the crowd or OG Haliburton that would, Hey, hey, hey, hey. This what Pat said, pat. Hey, hey, hey guys. Pat Rich as fuck. Ain't no Pat. You got that real estate worth by 500 million bro. Yeah. Shout to my boy Pat Carton boy going crazy. I know some of his tenant. That's the crazy part. Kevin Porter pushing JJ you better chill out. Yeah, I was gonna say, now I know what's up. That's the problem solver. Everybody move around. Yeah. Yeah. Kaven Port Jr. Calm down when JJs right there. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


KYP. Yeah that's some different shit. Yeah. Calm it down. Shout to JJ man. Best pace of the year for sure. Alright man, we appreciate y'all. We will be back same time tomorrow. Five 20 In The Morning. The Volume.


Oh tasty high note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I'm practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this, leafblower PayPal could pay for your purchase. The great PayPal checkout, No purchase necessary ends July 18th. The official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 in eligible purchases per cart.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree change of form lift for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes it a per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My car is making this noise. Sometimes it's like do do and sometimes it's like, Do you have a dash light on? Oh yeah. And we don't have to listen for clues. With the free fix finder service, we can read a check engine a, b, s or maintenance light to find the likely fix and even recommend a local shop if you need one. So You don't need to hear the Not with fix finder Everything. You need nothing. You don't get in the zone. Auto Zone restrictions apply.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this spring. Take care of your entire home, including the air you breathe and save $5 when you buy $25 worth of participating products in store or online Shop for items like Glade plugins, airwick plugins, Glade auto sprays, airwick diffusers, and Glade refills. And save $5. When you spend $25 on participating products, offer ends. May 20th Restrictions apply. Promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.