
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Kickoff summer with Memorial Day savings at Lowe's. Right now get five Scott's Naturescapes one and a half cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. Plus, get up to 40% off. Select major appliances and save an extra $50 on every $500 you spend on select major appliances, $396 or more. Lowe's, we help you save Valla do 5 28 Mo Shopper excludes Alaska and Hawaii. Selection varies by location while supplies last. Sea lows.com for more details.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it or in this case when I taste it. Tito's Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring, totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here the perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour you should too Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly


This season. Let your shoes do the Talking Designer shoe warehouse is packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat. DSW has you covered. Find a shoe for every you from the brands you love. Like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance and more. Head to your DSW store or visit DSW dot com today.


The volume.


Good morning, happy Tuesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show brought to you by Boost Mobile. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Everybody pulled up to work this morning. We got Teague five 20 Moog Bishop Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up bro? Bro, what up though? For sure man.


Listen man, we got a lot to talk about today in the basketball world. But first things first man Get Well Soon to Caitlin Clark. Man, Cece down with a quiet injury man. She may be down a couple of weeks, You know what I'm saying? This team does not go too far without her. Would I go to views? Yeah, you're gonna say yeah we, we will see a drop in views for sure. They said she was supposed to generate a billion dollars this year for the WBA. Damn. You know what's funny, they was talking about treating her like a club motor. They said Kayla Carney started getting a little bit of the dough man. For real? Nah for Real. I'm bringing y'all a billion bro. And y'all been in the red. I need some paper Bro. Imagine NBA players today. LeBron was just like, hey I'm not pulling up to play in Atlanta if I don't get 25% of the door fire. Man, that's crazy.


That'd be Hard. Rightfully so though. Kayla just hoop You go get your, Get your coin man. Fuck that. That's kind of funny. That's really kind of insane to think about. But that's absolutely lys. It's probably over for for she gonna be out for a couple games. People not going to those games. Yeah, well people gonna be down people hell of a job but season tickets, they already account for it. Don't you worry. They got their brand. Oh they, oh they got, oh yeah. Shit's already locked in. Yeah, If it's a home game, hey you are not getting that back. You will be in attendance. Don't Nobody wanna watch the fever of Shane playing Bro. Yeah, 1000%. Ain't nobody gonna watch basketball if Shane ain't playing. Dang the wife effect. I mean God Listen, Shut down.


Caitlin Clark got a W for two weeks. Crazy. We watching no TV Pretty, pretty much bro. Imagine if the league was just like, hey bro I hurt. Hey we ain't doing no game two weeks. It's, it is more stars. I'm not saying like Aja Wilson and I not stars, but nah, I got you. Yeah I've been in the league before she got here and now she about to generate close to a billion dollars. From what reports were saying, I don't know if that's accurate or not. Probably not. But y'all been in the league like, You know what I mean? The nigga's been playing for 10 years. I think they still going to tap in bro. No bro, She's not bro for you to say she's gonna shut the whole NBA game's Crazy bro. Yeah, she's bro, the whole league is for two. Clark can't be coming.


That's crazy. If the Ace are playing it's, Nah, if she was down for the season she might shut the Whole league. Nah, if she was down for the season there would be some problems for sure. But nobody want, so he say it about 36 million, she gonna generate something. That's So crazy. How we it went from B billion to I I seen this, I seen the shit I did too But I'm saying that's kind of crazy. I think one person could shut the whole WNBA bro. Those people are still gonna go to those games in those other cities bro. Bro. People. So for sure. Look what I'm saying is people bought tickets like okay Kaitlyn coming to Washington on the eighth. Damn was she ain't playing Kiki ear from going crazy but they definitely pulled up to see Kailin Clark. Oh yeah, for sure. And allegedly here from the support last year she was supposed to be responsible for almost 27% of the wwn NBA's overall Iconic economic activity.


Excuse me nigga you a fourth of the league bro. You one person I need to know. Yeah bro. I can have a bar but I need to, so literally if she doesn't play nigga I for, for this shit shut down. Yeah, she needed, Yeah her salary. Yeah, 78,000. I'm 25% Of the week. Yeah, she has a principal school teacher salary. Yeah. This ain't right bro. I'm getting cheap. I'm 20. Don't you worry that She's tbo for sure. Take her R four to K boot. She's, I'm just saying you 25% of the league no shade. But like the league is shut down if she shuts down. Yeah, If she call it quits 25%, you already in the red. So imagine if she don't play. Imagine she went on strike, strike by herself just like, You know what, I'm done with this shit right now. Turn it off.


You already responsible. So what'd that say right there? 875. What issue was to go the same way? It's a lot to, it's a lot of if the, if the league should go the same way it's been going. Yeah she would generate close to carry the one inflation tariffs. She'll get 800. She'd be worth about 800 million to the league. Damn. And they hat on her though so she is worth a billion. That's crazy. Essentially if you could generate that much, fuck it, why not get your rest up. You know I'm saying. So I said if she, the league will shut down for these next two weeks. I'm not fucking with y'all today. Everybody go on vacation till her choir get better. I have no loop with y'all.


Y'all got it today after, after the victory comment yesterday. We just gonna move on salute to w. Nah I'm just saying bro. She just mean that much to that league bro. Even though that like that's Kelsey Plum my favorite player in the league. She just ain't bringing that much attention. Ain't her bro. She's just not her bro. It is what it is. Hey man, everybody had they turn, ain't Chelsea Plum better than her? Yeah, she might be. Oh she could be. We not gonna go that far. Man it ain't far off. Yeah. Better than her. Of course it ain't. But she could be better than her. But nobody, if you put Caitlin Clark on the ACEs, it is Christmas forever. She played for the Sparks. But I'm saying last year she her best year she was with Asia Wilson? Yeah.


And another really good player Jackie Young. Yeah they were cold. They had the dimmer monster star team bro. I'm just saying they was fired. You put last year's ACEs team. Its fucking Christmas now. Average at 24 5. No, no. Kelsey cu Cole. I'm never disrespect. Yeah she average 25. Yeah she's hard. She's she no one P. It's no slight at all. But that's Caitlin Clark bro. I'm something on Kelsey Plum being better than her bro. Oh yeah we, that's not a crazy thing to say. She's close to her bro. Really? I, I agree with your close. I'm not disrespecting that she got the ball. We just like ca way more Everybody just like Caly Parker. I think she a better passer than Kelsey Plum but just hoop shoot her too.


Nah, that's the baby. What you mean debate boy? I ain't seen Kelsey Plum shoot side session from the volleyball line. Just because you shoot far don't mean you a better shooter. She was like what do you mean what seen it? I seen turn to WI seen Nas re shoot half court shots last night. I mean shoot better than fucking Lum shoot 39% from the three Caitlyn shoot 34 on better shoot all. Yeah this nigga don't know Ball like that. Man. Fuck ain't talking about it man. They leaving Kelsey Plum open on the volleyball line. They are full court press and fucking Kayla Clark. She's getting boxed to one some nights. Y'all with not disrespect. I from the three ain average 25. This nigga don't know Ball man.


I know real WNBA ball man. No you don't. He couldn't wait to win because I knew I already knew. No, no. You know why I do that to dj Because what DJ tell me I like numbers like to next to each other DJ Bull. Yeah so put the numbers next to each other. Get me Kelsey Plum every day. Man. Only thing is Caitlin Clark only in her second year. I don't give a damn. This is her first year with a team move. That's what makes her shit. Like she was out there with Pike JB last year bro making this shape. She five, six years in, she parked on average 30. Wait until she get, wait until that team gets solid. I I think it, I think the the level die down as she get older. I think it die down. Nah, she better think she gonna have to have a chip by then though.


I don't think she get better bro. I I think You know the athletes, the athletes get bigger. Not that she not to shit but like when Juju hopefully she come back her normal self when she come the league is torched thank for Juju. It is torched like I agree I like Juju but I still think Kai 30 Kaylin is good but the athletes are only getting better. Like she came at a prime time where shooting was a premium. Right. She doing some shit that was Steph Curry like motherfuckers sitting on that now. Pause. They like, you see them black, you see them girls from the dream as motherfucker like hey on her ass. We, we was rolling at first but nigga you ain't really like that. I watched she couldn't get past.


Yeah and Ryan Howard got smoke for her. You really ain't like I'm starting to watch. I'm like, but I ain't going I I'm not backpedaling on Her. Nah I ain't either. She is a star bro. She A star. She is a star. Just you wait just you wait. We're gonna come this up just you eight. I ain't saying ain't a star. She a star but some of them athletes are starting to get ahold of her man. Oh they definitely, You know what I'm saying. Second year she feel the pressure she gonna be all right. Ain't looking the same R DZ low 7 85 in the SuperTrack that Caitlin Clark asking him for a walkthrough fee. It's crazy Also y'all tapped me to Joy Badass versus West Coast Rap Battle. If so, who won to y'all? I think Joy won 'cause he People haven't watched. I can't give my fair analysis on that one.


I tapped in's a good rap back and forth but I think Joy won 'cause he went against a whole coast of people and then nobody get him up outta here. He could really spit though. Joey Cole? Yeah Shout out to Unique for sure. Alright. I ain't never heard of none of them rappers. Travis Hunt, you never heard Joey Badass? He cold Bro. Y'all I really paid for putting this up here. That's a nigga Travis Hunter marriage over under on the prenup. Hey Joey Badass nigga Off Power? Yeah. Unique. Oh that's him. Oh You know I don't watch TV On. Okay you don't watch Powers? I don't watch TV At all. He don't watch TV or movies. Damn. Damn that that nigga name is Joey Badass. You just sit in the room. Why I thought that nigga name was something up. Who The other nigga that got name my be a Human bro nigga that's part of me The human nigga.


That ain't Joey bat. That's unique. Yeah that's him. Yeah. Bonus that's Joy Bass. What's the other nigga I'm thinking of? They got a name on him. Never heard his music in my life. I never, I thought niggas be an actor bro. Yeah I Seen y'all some freestyles Bro. Nah, Joey Badass got some fire rap albums for sure. Nah, he rap j Cole, New York nigga. Yeah don't send me that shit. I don't want hear. Nah it's hard though bro. For real. It ain't like boom back. I seen that nigga. He still alive on par. He is May do a whole new season. Yeah I mean I ain't seen season four. I just watched season three last night. Isn't that unique on there? Yeah that's wild. Yeah I just seen he he probably a better actor than Rapper though. I think Silly. I think he saw him both. Yeah he a good actor Pretty type. Yeah he's pretty good at both bro.


Badass Freestyle. I ain't gonna like his type of music I could tell you You never heard it because Shout to overly. I like his freestyle music. His freestyles is His freestyle. It's a lot of bars. Yeah I don't wanna hear all that. I don't like that but it ain't like boom bad you to death like it ain't no like you could play in your car by all this is cool. You ain't feel Mo Moog like Ret Yeah him and be him like re No I don't, I I love all the, I always Fuck Word. He like overly rapping shit. Fuck man. I'm tired of this politically correct words nigga argue slow rap shit Redacted. Yeah we fucking like slow rap God damn motherfucker just like huh and Ni and dda huh huh?


Yeah. Go get me the, this niggas on here. Huh? I ain't back today. How doing it Today? Alright man Super chat. I'm like all rap but I, I mean I ain't never heard him though. I ain't even know he rap. For real for real. I'm gonna check him out. He solid for sure. Only dude cheating super chat says y'all been short changing OKC Allall playoffs and they keep showing out be here the Royal VP eight man black man Sand Man Thunder and five bro. You corny let, let's get blank man. Thanks for the five. Get out the way. Yeah. Corny Travis Hunter marriage over under the prenup. Y'all are fraud for that but fucking wrote a clip. My boy is going crazy at the Ception. He definitely ain't got no prenups. Yeah you see the vibes.


That is definitely buzz for Sure. You said Buzz, he look like buzz over me. He look just like booty co nigga. I was over here thinking that bro. I was like that nigga look just like JBO Booty cop. I said bro that's Buzz Bro. All he needs a fishnet shirt no wrap for my boy. He done bro. He cook bro. Him putting a pause up like that's crazy man. We not answer that question man. But shout to Travis Hunter man Shout to can't Happily. Yes he definitely was like Nigga get married and y'all show that bullshit.


He did because nigga had a whole ceremony. Y'all could have showed him walking down the aisle together. We didn't get that clip. He definitely ain't got no print up. Nah man, just she over there jigging. He having too much fun bro. He don't care man. Let's talk. I know this ain't that type of time but y'all watch that streamer University shit is funny as hell. That shit, whoever that little nigga that looked like a dyke is funny is full. Oh fucking hilarious bro. Ricky is the best young nigga out there Bro. He is funny bro. He said I heard that 10 times today. He Baltimore nigga. Nah he's funniest shit bro. He, I gotta follow him man. When he told me DDG said I wanna roast, he said I say everything like He don't let up on none of them niggas bro buddy.


He Said you don't wanna do that bro. I like, I I like him because he, he jokes like me. He goes with a juggler facts Bro. Facts for sure I'll fuck with him. He all having Pete in a super chat says Rudy can't grab a defensive rebound. What the fuck he out there for? Y ain't tell Nap down had to dance if the patience loose serious DJ got a jig alike. We not little Paul serious and I ain't dancing nigga you don't even know what jig alike mean. Yeah Paul Shout out to the niggas man. These Niggas it was on varsity though. Yeah we call it the jig bro. We don't really put the light on. Motherfucker crazy. Shout out to the classic studio. Hit the jig of light yo Jig.


Somebody said why ain Open to y'all show business Asking DJ the jig is crazy. That's crazy bro. Give him piss ball back you banned nigga hit the jig of Light. Shout to the city. Shout out To the crib. Who made that song? I forgot his name. Dang, we gotta by his name. We'll figure it out soon. Oh, respect to that king.


This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the Draft King sports book and the official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that Code Club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's Code Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet win only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes right, but on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and auto protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted it, they effed up and I bring it back. The OG cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse spray for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $2 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Your mental health matters and there are things that take place every single day that could test those limits. Therapy has evolved. It's not for quote unquote people who are crazy, but for everyday people who could use a little bit of help like me and you, mental health awareness is growing but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent survey say they have avoided seeking mental health support due to the fear of judgment. And when you hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect you. It affects our friends and families. This mental health awareness month, let's encourage everyone to take care of the wellbeing and break the stigma. The world is better where people are healthy and happy. I myself can testify and say I have benefited from therapy as well. Sometimes having an extra set of ears can make the world of a difference. And listen, BetterHelp has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapist from a diverse network of over 30,000 likes and professionals. In addition, BetterHelp is fully online, convenient, also affordable, serving over 5 million people worldwide. And listen, if you give it a try and you and your therapist are involved the right way, we can get you with the right professional and no extra cost. We're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash club to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/club.


Bocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh that's tough. Jim looks like a five trip Load. At least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip he shimmies the door open, stepped over the dog. Oh and he stumbles. Oh right into the kitchen without missing a beat Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos stronger makes everything better.


But let's get straight to it man. Just thunder survival crazy game. Dj. Dj. Yeah that's the crazy fucking nigga. Ask me to dance for $5. If this is a possible episode I'll respond differently but sl to that King Thunder, get the dub yesterday. 1 28 to 1 26. Crazy game yesterday. SGA 40 for 40 have 40 points in 40 minutes tendencies and nine rebounds as well. J Le Williams had 34 5 and three. Nakil Walker. Alexander Cz got in the game with 23 6 and four. Jay mc had 22 and four and AE had 16 five for 13 from the field man. Yeah, he wasn't an aggressive, no Sad game bro. Yeah man. Him and JR did not give them any good performances yesterday but they still only lose by two.


Right. I I gotta think we Should have won this game. The role players played out their body for the, y'all gotta get us something. Diva Zo Hooped, He hit shots Bro. But see they him and swabbed Pause. You can kill and Nick killed because we go to the sta sw this guy nigga never swap is crazy. When Nik Alexander played out he was trying to, he was trying to go bar for bar with his cousin. He play his cousin Bro. So he Turned up and at some point they should have said we can't let you go your cousin no more. 'cause he started getting fried. Yeah he shout to your cousin but they got wicked. He start hitting with that fade away. I won't say something about SGA though. I think SVA saved the NBA. Okay this is what I'm saying. I'm not saying 'cause of how he performed but the way he play he saved the NBA 'cause the N NBA's a copycat league and he perfected the midrange game.


Right. That's a fact. So he brought back the ability to be to shoot mid range shots. Fuck the, he saved Basketball Bro. Pretty much because the game was these kids don't shoot mids and shit. Nah it was either a three or a layup. I got crucified in Minnesota for wanting to shoot a mid range shot if it wasn't a three or a layup for analytics. And him being the MVP and his go-to shot is a mid range shot. Yeah. He literally just saved the NBA. Well like Marcus said basketball because that is a shot that you could, if you can perfect it, you always gonna get a good shot. Always hoping bro. It's always a good shot. Defenses are made for you to take that shot and he perfected it and now it looks crazy 'cause y'all let him get to his bread and butter and he's scoring at will.


But I don't understand why it ever got took out the game. Most of the best players in the league got mids bro. Kd kw, CP niggas shoot mids Bro. Yeah Jordan, Aly they try to analytics so That's niggas in the world have midranges But you got back Mo. But you gotta think he made it acceptable again because like you said, even though his game is very smooth but he's not the most entertaining person. But if you watch basketball you like man how is he so effective? And it's all based off his ability to get to the mid range. Right. So now other people watching it is like you gotta be a three level scorer if you gonna be a scorer on our squad 'cause we gotta be able to get a good shot every time. See the difference between him and man and man can shoot mid range shots but his go-to thing is getting to the bucket or a three because that's what it was preached to them.


Right. But he's so skillful and so explosive. If he played in the mid-range area, like when they was double teaming him, he'd get so many easy baskets on the Elbow can't double team. It Seemed like the fix was in yesterday bro. He's Starting at half court bro we can double 10. You Know JR We can't do shit with you bro. He's not aggressive. That's a fact. I want to ask y'all this question. That's a beautiful point you brought up. You think kids can emulate that? Like you said it's a copycat league. You know we obviously kids going to the threes, you think those probably look into that more and more but now they idolize SGA. Yeah but now trainers are going go back to training like hey if you got that SGA back, you get to this midrange, you can step back. It's an easier shot. You can get to this anytime. But now you can hit him with heads.


He's 'cause he start stepping back heads, he getting layups 'cause he is closer to the basket. Yeah but if you can perfect this area, even though Kyrie shot midrange Kobe, all these dudes shoot midrange. But it wasn't glor, it wasn't glorified. It was kind of looked frowned upon like oh that's a tough shot. Only he can make that shot. Yeah. Only he but now SGA do it so regularly like, like to the point where y'all gonna have to start working on this again. That used to be called a guard layup. Like when I came in the NBA if you couldn't shoot a mid range shot they diner didn't play you. 'cause that was a guard layup. That's the shot the guard's supposed to make and he bringing it back to the league and it, it looked cool doing it like it don't look like a bad shot. It looked like the perfect shot like the shot you need to get to.


So he just really saved the league and a lot of, he really saved a lot of small guards if I'm be honest. Facts. Yeah. When you small you need all that shit. Yeah You can't get to the hoop every time. Sometimes you need little play in between game Facts for sure. And also like Jalen Bresson like You know he shoot mid. Yeah you feel how you feel about him getting in contact. But that mid range is automatic and that's why it's so effective that you gotta foul him 'cause he hit you with so many counters that shit's still money and he get any shot he want at that midrange area. Yeah like a Chris Paul Bro. He needs a midrange Bro. Got to, he needs it And the reason he could play so long 'cause that became a perfect shot for him. So some of the guards that can't make that shot, you see him kind of fizzle out or who they took that away from them Like if they can't get a three, I can't get by you no more but only shot I can get is a three.


You start taking tough threes. Yeah. Mm. You know what I mean? It makes sense. You just limited a lot of people game bro. How you just gonna take a shout out the game? Yeah you gotta watch 'cause they do so much with numbers. You gotta watch basketball bro. Yeah that's like a basketball play bro. That got nothing to do with analytics or nothing bro. That's a good shot. So thank you SGA. Well sir and I wanna apologize to Jay Jalen Williams. Your game traveled last night bro. That's all my man said was boy threes bro. Hey Jalen Williams showed up yesterday. He killed bro. And I told y'all y'all gotta put some respect on Chad bro. Not for 14 yesterday 65% Who was right with that 21? He was right with That shit. 21 or seven Ru Goldberg. I don't mean to push some up you ass in the pain bro.


I don't mean to put some up And he caught him back. I'm saying Alex Caruso getting them buckets down low niggas is just abusing you bro. This basketball IQ in the paint is piss poor bro. What is your big ass what y'all call the dunker? He's gonna sit down Put your center. The dunkers crazy. That's really your job. He need to be in a dunker. Yeah That's the only place you can be. Yeah He didn't get him shit yesterday. J double were crazy yesterday. 13 for 24. He was getting active Should Yeah he started off the game with on that like he came out aggressive. Yeah and he a different player when he start the game like that. I expect this from him though. He's a all star. Maybe not. He was an all NBA player. Yeah bro I expect him to do this bro.


He's all NBA bro. God He He's bro bro whoop I celebrate this. This is what you supposed to do. He's supposed to Do this bro. I'm not rolling bro. Y'all didn't had no respect on him. You gotta put more respect. I said he Needed to kill for them to win. I Definitely, I ain't gonna lie, his game didn't travel a lot for me on the road. I knew he could do this at home but for him to show up last night and they need, that was a big win for them. Yeah he, he showed out it's all respect over here. He killed for sure man. All I know he my fifth favorite player in the league. The power rankings is crazy. He is my fifth favorite player. I been set that 34 Bro. It's all you asked for for sure. I told him he had koua like abilities Super Chad. Yeah he said move on. I never said that.


I don't remember bro. Nigga shit so much bro. You probably did. King probably got it off on the low. Alright man the super Chad D 11 said what's the difference between SGA versus Harden when it comes to foul betting also isn't having a ball diamond player like bro said the recipe for no championship. I can't remember anyone who would succeed with that game plan. His ain't as bad as James Harden bro. They was guarding James Harden behind him bro. Yeah bro. Kaku put his hands behind his back and shuffle his feet bro. It was nasty. Literally because James Harden was so good if you put your hand out he he'll just grab your hand like and he shot so many threes that if you even came close to trying to contest it, he'll just shoot into your hand and to five. And that was before the Kickout role really got written Burst again.


He was definitely getting all the contact he just to another and he was so good at making you get off balance with all the handle shit. At the moment you get a little off balance, you put your hand out a little bit and he just grab it and it's a foul. He he really mastered that fast. Yeah, More than anybody To the foot. He Master he got so he was scoring so easy because you couldn't foul him. Like they be like don't put your hands out like this nigga would walk to the basket like you would look legit. Be like just don't put your hands out 'cause as soon as you put your hand out, if you reach he gonna grab it. It's gonna be a foul and and he going and he's strong as shit bro. I know he used To go in the game like I'm about to get Like he's strong as it really was and 15 year sis he's so strong.


Like if you, if you put your hand in a cookie jar like he'll take you up there with him and score. It'd be an end one. So they used just be like don't foul him just contest the shot jump he might miss Nigga was walking to the basket man you go watch James Harden play in them years bro. He was literally walking to Layups bro. Shout James Hardman. When the Utah Jazz went behind him to guard him. I was like yo, now what the fuck are we doing now? That was the worst defensive plan. Shout out to Quinn. I love you to death. But that was terrible. He changed the game. Yeah that's why I said he was prepare or worse. Nevermind. I ain't start, we gonna move on Shout I ain't never seen nobody else in the league guard like that playoff ain't fucking with you right now.


I've never seen nobody no other two guard. They prom get guarded like that. Facts though. Shout to James Harden Donald Goldman Super chance at T-U-C-A-W double or nothing getting your tongue staple and a kick to the face with thumb taxes. It's wicked. Damn. Yeah I watched WWE bro. You said he ain't watch a w He stapling nigga's tongues? Yeah. What that new ECW or some shit? Nah that's, that's fucking nigga that shit come on TNT. I done caught it a couple tongue but that Staples on your tongue is crazy. That's not the kind of shit I wanna watch people be getting body setting on thumbtacks. What Talking a surgery procedure is that. That shit sounds like Staple Is how do you even start? That shit sound like Stick your nigga that Shit. Y'all seen final destination?


Nah I didn't. Yeah that's some final destination shit. Yeah this is not wrestling anymore. Staple your tongue bro. Shout to y'all Pocket. Why Did you even bring a stapler out here Bro? And why'd you hold my tongue in your head? That's not wrestling. Shout out to whoever this is Tally and Twine. Watch company. Yo. What's happening? How did this thunder shut down an Andre and did you see it happening in game five? I mean they at home The thunder at home they gonna play way. I mean they gonna have a man it's over. Minnesota gonna win. I don't even think they shutting down an bro. He not even, he wasn't even trying bro. Nah for real. That's what I said he wasn't 13 shot ain't a lot. It look like the fix was in bro.


Now I wanna ask y'all this question like he Ain't never been that pastor. A lot of the announcers were just like, You know what I'm saying? Is it him being smart or is it him not being aggressive? They was just like I don't care if you take a bad shot. We need more than 13. Yeah You gotta take a couple bad Shots. I mean they was super loading up on him though. They was, I mean they was loading up so much that dti, divin, Genzel was literally in the corner by himself like three times. Nah, facts. But then Julius Randall too if that's happening bro I need you to kill then Do something. Nah ju My bench is holding it down. Both of y'all, both of my stars can't be middy bro. Yeah What it was they, the game plan for the Thunder was we gonna let everybody else beat us if they beat us with Dante Divin. Who getting 40 Nick killed Alexander Walker giving 40. Yeah then they meant to win. We going every time Julius Randall and Anthony ae get the ball, we going to low, we sending the whole team.


Mm They was, he gonna have to pass the ball. And what they did, they was leaving 'em wide open. Dante hit a couple, they start smelling out the crowd kill Alexander Walker hit a couple but shit how long that's gonna last? Yeah can y'all get 50? They don't believe it because Y'all niggas gotta get back and play Defense hard too on this side. Yeah, for sure man. All right man. All but one victory away from the NBA Fondos man. Let's move on to the real. Oh actually before we go there, well actually how y'all felt about this shout today Dunking my boy be posting some heat on Twitter. How do y'all feel about the the smart fouls when you upgrade the end of the game? A lot of people feel like that should take that away but I feel like that's just good strategy. The what You know when you three foul and send 'em to a free throw line to basically say you ruin it at the end of the game.


'cause everybody just shooting free throws till you win. It's good Strategy. I mean Smart Just depend on how it play out at the end. 'cause if you go up there foul and you miss your free throws on the offensive side you put yourself in a tough situation bro. Mm. If you got, when you play that foul game you gotta hit the free throws Bro. That is a fact. Man ain't when You up three they gonna make they free throws and they fat You miss like SGA missed a free throw yesterday he did so they had a chance but they ain't ended up getting a three off so they could play the other way As a fan. Are y'all upset that you get robbed from a crazy finishable game like a buzzer beat or some shit like that? I mean I could see the average fan being mad but not me 'cause I understand basketball they gonna do. That's part of the game that's gonna happen. Supposed to win the game man.


Just born though. Watch a nigga keep fouling a nigga. Alright we'll move on for sure. Alright man to the real series, You know what I'm saying? We back in the bridge tonight. Knicks and Pacers. The real is Home Demons, home Pussy, John Haliburton, intendance, You know what I'm saying. Tonight for the game. They got my guy going crazy. Make sure he taken care of, make sure he get all the liquor he needs. Talk crazy after this victory today we got a clip too. Oh Turnover They put him in the suite. Oh yeah my boy back old school Vaughn days. Hey Nixon six I seen now. Hey that's hard. This New? Nah that's old he to high School.


Pull my boy John up tonight. We getting to Dub tonight. All right Mo. We got the tonight I with that nigga pops bro. Shout to the og. Shit. Hope Jalen Brunson hold the ball for 20 seconds. They don't do that. Hope T back to playing seven people. Now I'm gonna ask you this question specifically 'cause You know what I'm saying? You play for Tibs. Is he going back to the old ways he played? Is he gonna say all right we won the game this way we might kind of sprinkle us in. Once The game get going, Tibs gonna forget all about that. He'll go go for what he know bro. He's gonna play seven people. He can't help himself. That's just who he is bro. Tib ain't gonna switch it up. No bro. I think He will bro. Next we tonight It sounds good but it's gonna go back to what it's supposed to be.


Okay, we gonna beat the ass bro. Talk about it. Okay. Be here. How you feeling? Oh Yeah Nicks, I'll be in the building. How y'all going to the game? Yeah, I'm going to the game. Nicks, Nicks is winning by 10 tonight. Oh I forgot he got money in this series. You know what time it is By 10? Yeah we 10. We had a little hiccup. We on Win game three but we back at the crib with it. We about to go ahead and put belt to ass tonight man. It's up in the bridge tonight. I'm, I'm gonna take the passage tonight. Even though I had a, You know sources had called me. You know I got some shit straightened. But I'm gonna say, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take the passage tonight. Okay? I, I will be in games bridge sign an autographs at your local What?


What's the section we in? I don't know. On section 3 21. He gonna be at the first table when you walk Up Section 3 21 At the top. Damn for real. Damn. Shout out to my dog. KJ Pritchard. I'm in the suite tonight. Holler at yaw. You know what I'm saying? Oh fuck that nigga holding down for the team. Yeah see if you did the autograph site we had flu season but since you didn't now we in a fucking balcony. See how that works. Oh fuck him. He got you in a suite. Fuck. Fuck you. Fuck with the rest of us. I'm the real pacer. Don't the rest. Everybody there Be in the regular seats. I wanna be with the people anyway. You know. You know what? Alright yeah y'all be at y we go the Hawks game next year you motherfuckers gonna be up in the rafter.


I'll be sitting courtside. I nigga I seats Don't worry about it. Stein tap in they they the P DJ says shit up in the swing, got drinks in food. He gonna be trying, we got comfortable with, we got the text. I'm come fuck with y'all. We got the text, can you bring us a drink? The lines is long. I'm gonna hold y'all down. I know That goofy ass nigga walking around with a beer and yelling and shit. Now I'm shitty. I'm about up beer and don't bring the streaming shit because I just watched Fat Joe talk about Joe Button sitting in the third row.


He was making fun of that nigga. I imagine. What he say about Joe? Yeah He called him Joe Bus. You know it's crazy. Seats far as fuck. Well third row on the guard. You paid a lot of money for them tickets bro. That nigga Joe said that's just disrespectful to Sidney back there said that is crazy bro. I can't imagine what he gonna say about our seat or do you call those See 'em we're literally in five 20. No for real for I'm gonna just watch it from here. Mines will. It is gonna be the same view. Nah, I'll be in the middle man. Be the same view out to the five view you Gonna be Have to watch the big screen nigga. You might as well just stay out. Watch tv. You never work from using the bridge. Don't worry man.


Y'all have a great time man. Man I'm smooth man. Colleen and the super chat said pops free pace at five. Yeah You know the fucking vibe. Shout to Colleen this morning going crazy for sure. Alright man, for the knick to get back today what they gotta do to win? Oh Shit, they gone win. It don't matter. We already got the fix end. Oh no. Scott Foster is not officiating this game. We have a fair check. Oh yeah Y'all in trouble. They gonna have to trouble. It is gonna be a, You know it's gonna be a heavy dose of Pauls or Jalen Brunson but they gotta figure out a way to get more people involved like last game. Even though he gonna play 40 plus minutes, they gotta figure out how to use everybody this game. 'cause they seen a recipe that guys can play McBride and all them dudes came in and made a contribution.


They gonna have to figure out how to use them. Like my theory is get JB off the ball a little bit Man man Let Kat kill man. Let Ka play but also get him off the ball. Let somebody else bring the rock up man so you can save this dude legs bro. He getting hounded 94 feet every possession bro. Eventually You know we pressure you ever, ever out. I would tell him bro, play cool throughout the whole game and then at the end of the game do all that shit bro. Yeah when the fourth quarter come put the ball in your hand throughout The game bro. Fight right. Be tired. Yeah, one through three bro. Let Josh Hart, these other dudes bring it up. You come off some screens, you set some back screens, get some other people going 'cause they not leaving you.


So if he starts setting back screens they probably gonna be getting lob dunks and layups. Yeah because Nay Smith and Nihar they not helping at all. No like they in full face guard on Jaylen Brunson. So they trying to make his life a living hell. But if he, You know, set some screens and they'll, I'm gonna give you some game that I had You know sprinkled out there in the world. If you go watch Isaiah Thomas and shout out to Little, this is old little Isaiah, not Zeke, Isaiah with Boston. If you go watch how he played when he was in Boston, it's basically Jalen Brunson but they play totally different. Isaiah was never on the ball as much as Jalen Brunson. Brad Stevens using to set screens and all that stuff and he was still able to get to where he wanted to go.


They need to take some recipes from Boston and implement that with the Knicks. Hmm. And like you said to the point the Pacers do not play well and we have to make multiple decisions on defense. Like one counter we can deal with when we have to make like quick throw thoughts, he's gonna get back to a lamp or they will at some point 'cause we'll get like miscommunication. We are prone to that. So that is definitely something to help them win today. Man if they had, if they ran this play called four Snap that we used it in high school but I took it from Brad Stevens with Isaiah Thomas bro it was so hard to guard 'cause that's basically who they are. They the same person. They draw foul, they shoot threes, they they score points. Isaiah was averaging 30 just like Jaylen and probably was a better scorer.


He used to come off that back screen. He had a, he could pop back and get a shot Or you can go down and set a rip screen for another guard and you either had to switch it if you ain't switched the person was gonna get a layup and then there was a pin down coming from you for Al it was just like impossible to guard. He was on the move the whole time and he was getting wherever he wanted to get and he used to fucking torture us. Yeah he was a killer. Nah, great analysis for sure. Alright Mo what the pace guy do to get the dub night? They definitely gotta get the game full speed getting to the one twenties bro. Okay Nick they can score but they don't wanna play like that. For real. They don't wanna play that fast. If the Patriot's gonna have court game, I hate it.


We just gotta speed the game up bro. Okay. Not know Denise Smith is questionable today and Billy Math has not had a good serious box. That's good news. He's a person that would definitely have to come alive today. Knee Smith not playing y'all He's questionable Our third killer. I wouldn't be surprised if he don't put it no He is man we got no slander on. He Ain't playing. He questionable. He questionable in the player. What's wrong With because he getting ready for the finals bro. We got two stars today. He'd be out Bro. He'll Play man. He'll play. Don't worry. I hope he all though. We're worried about the finals. We get passed y'all. Y'all just kind in the way right now. Little he'll be out there bro. Yeah we good Monday today. Okay man Get Well Soon. So OKC Pacer final Yo Bull.


Who got, who got Wicked? Who got better farmland is the question. That's a wicked farm. Cities. Cities. That's crazy. Who got better farm land? We we want to fucking livestock for the difference of the team. We are fucked. That's pretty much what we gonna talk about about all the B roll gonna be a fucking farm lady Tumbleweeds we just landed in Indiana. Ain't gonna be nothing but fucking Corn Thunder and four and then, then they gonna go to the Thunder. It's nothing but fresh cattle out Here. And I ain't even know Terry Cruz is in that motherfucker making this p move in the camera And I, I hate Terry Cruz wrote me y'all Terry Cruz wrote me bro. I don't know if it was his page or somebody from his team. No man, he say hey man chill the fuck out.


I don't give a fuck about Terry Cruz Popping my city niggas crazy. All them basement. He like all them basement jokes bro. Chill the fuck up Damon. He said back your titties. Fuck that is crazy. You are a boy Damon. That is nasty work. She'll be a great game tonight for sure man. Obviously I'm going Pacers be here. I don't know what bet you got going on bro. But go ahead get that money ready brother. Nah man too about put about the ass tonight. Beat Your ass tonight bro. This another song and can't go Kill. It's another sidebar. But did y'all seen Drew Ski New skit? The whiteboard? Ah yeah that's funny. I haven't seen Drew Skis a legend bro. He put content. What? You haven't seen it? He keep it going too bro.


Now he eat family with the with the, he just got watching bro. I what that hey Bro, he he's legendary bro. He's legendary but sure. Alright Mrs. Jules, why wasn't he there for the street? Why wasn't he there bro? He got, He should have been a professor But what he got so much going on bro. That bitch on fire bro. When he was in the jail bro, he went Crazy. Oh yeah that was lit. Shout to the streamers man. Mrs. Jules super chat she appreciate y'all I fell in OKC for Beon. Y'all invite her over for dinner Kicks in six OKC and F Booty Goat beer, dalicious handles. I sleep brother. I don't know what that ending is but Salute to you. Mike probably fucked that up. No I Don't type what the nigga say per definition make That per Debt.


That's only one of them niggas from the pin nigga Per debt whatever. She used to say hey You know what still makes me mad the nigga who playing little Murder play Chris Paul in that documentary series And I say y'all got one of the best point guards of all time fucked up bro. Lil Murder not supposed to play Chris Ball bro. That's disrespectful. That ca was wild. He smoking, he was smoking a blunt. That's show, You know that Crack That nigga Thurman Crack, whatever Thurman that big black nigga name is, that's a show man Fool.


85 South Weed. That's why. That's why I don't bro That shit was but that shit crazy bro. Oh man y'all that's Always was on Twitter made You know who Lil murder was Bro. So he's getting Thrashed talking about I got a family he could be cool. How much are you getting paid? Tear Backyard. Now you, because when you in the bro Clifton Powell you can't take Hey go find a Clifton Powell post real quick bro.


Please find it. What he saying? One of the greatest clip. It makes me laugh every time I was, hey come on man. Man you can't be all sensitive as shit bro. You know literally a Thundercat bro. You're one of the most popular TV shows out there bro. Yeah go find the where he said Manor Powell meets fan. It's the funniest shit ever bro. That nigga said hey that's the D that was touching his, his niece in the movie. Hey man go find another movie. There we go, there we go. Oh man, no disrespect to Colin Pal. My fucker rrp. Yeah turn me up hear it man.


Man it is muted bro. Let's nigga a movie touching a little girl that bro, I did a lot of movies don't show me out there bro. We always gotta get a better team man. I watch all this streaming shit man they be on there right away man. DDG guy would never get what so we all made mistakes right But on it up to them it's the right thing to do.


But we all know degree. Cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing, it turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh It's back at Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms Apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees


Ocos presents. 15 seconds of straight. Here We go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, That's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob, it looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh, and he stumbles Oh right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eat his protein packed ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos Stronger makes everything better


Because the 2025 NBA plows get more exciting actually yes because this year thanks to Dash pass members only deal. When they swoosh you score. Specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use a promo called Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score sign for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduced service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one. Valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply


Verified Buckets. Who was getting to it yesterday? SJ Man Dang Nearly Triple W yesterday 40 10 and nine. Everybody was like he shot 30 shots. I don't care he still got 40. What the fuck bro? Get 40 on 40 shots. Shoot 30 shots Right now. Yeah bro you are the MVP. Do whatever the fuck you wanna do. Turn upt. Who you got it don't matter. We gotta get back to the beginning of this 'cause we gotta do this for 30 more minutes. We Need to talk about the difference that a day makes. Right. Jalen, what's his name? Jalen Williams. His aggressiveness bro. It was crazy. I ain't never seen him be that aggressive in the game. Like for him to still shoot what? 30 shots you said that.


How the hell do he still get 30 points bro? Because he was open bro For efficient six for nine from three. Yeah, but like you said he was Aggressive from the jump bro. Yeah, he never got off the gas at any point and he made shots. Yeah So let's be real. So we going do the Pacers got a matchup for him. Oh bro. Like we, we saying it's gonna be a pacer. See AKA is supposed to be finals. Jalen Williams, he really supposed to be SGA but he's a considered co. He enough bro. Yeah, so he's supposed to be there. Jalen Williams. I mean what do you mean by as far as like production wise? You mean like match wise? I'm saying who? Yeah match up. Who gonna guard him? Probably Nim Hart too small. No, not Nihar. Probably knee Smith. You gonna have to help out on him.


Who got SGA? Oh that's gonna be my committee. Who Guard Chet Pascal Green bro. Who got SGA Hart? It's gonna be by committee. He is gonna be all hands on deck. Who's starting on it? Probably start off Knee Smith. He gonna probably start there then Who gonna go Jaylen Williams. He can't go everybody you to start the game off. You probably gonna go knee Smith on SGA and then probably as you sub you'll probably go Nihar there. I mean obviously he gives up size against them but he's strong enough to Bump play. I get in Guard.


Shout to I be talking. But if you are asking him to play defense then you already going be gonna have To play bro. Y'all gonna need a lot of bodies Bro. B will have to play this series. Have to bro. Yeah, I'm trying. I'm gonna get your Canadian brother bro. Lock in. I'm trying to see bro. Like it is. That's a, I mean we don't have a stop for him that that's a fact he's going to kill now. Everybody else is where we gotta contain man. Isaiah Jackson still on Y team. He hurt. He's hurt. Oh he towards Achilles? Yep. Began season and James Wiseman. That's why we have a backup big. Both of our backup bigs unfortunately had Achilles injury the beginning of the season. We started off wicked as hell. That's why we playing Tony Bradley in the playoffs. So good job with Tony man. Hey spot minutes. Him and Ben Shepherd came in and did what they had to do. Go to get your money man. I ain't mad at it at all. Yeah that's gonna be a tough matchup for sure.


Yeah we gonna have a container everybody else but I know we still got the knick up. I would love us matched up with the thunder. I'm not gonna lie. The don't disagree And the the thing I don't like about y'all playing them 'cause y'all thrive off of energy, effort, the pace of the game. That's how they play. Like it is like y'all finally met y'all match y'all can play in a young group that play just as fast as y'all. Except for they that on steroids Don't go to Alex Caruso bro. I mean they got TJ McConnell. McConnell. Yeah but but TJ Dash like that but Caruso defense is way better. That is, he's much more of a, I mean six four, he's one through four. Yeah bro he's much more of a disrupter for sure. Guard Joker.


Yeah they probably the only team that could out White Point guard us so You know what I'm saying. We got a lots to do. Ed Kaon Wallace come off the bench ducking your ass up. He lock up too boy. They got a whip for sure. Nah, they got a great team bro. Yeah they got everything they need. Yeah that's why Nick Even Isaiah job be competing man a little. He little as hell. He do everything they need. Oh Lou do lock up. So I think Lou Dork probably gonna start on Pascal. Mm Bigger body. But he's shooting over him though. Mm. That's what we thought Julius Randall was gonna do. Nah this is different. It's a different mid range ain't bro. I'm taking Pascal mid range over Julius Randall Pascal gotta get more consistent bro. I don't think Pascal gonna get past him. He won't. But I've seen him shoot over OG with no problem and OGs OG is not.


Luke do got like a big brother thing over OG though. Yeah I'm not talking about better Defender. I'm just saying size wise, wise. Like you said you got a hold Up, y'all like Lou dot pressure you so much and then when you try to like Julius Renold tried this yesterday, that nigga could not move him. I said man that shit look like two sumo wrestlers bro. Nah he strong as shit. They got a whip man. It's gonna be a hell of a series for Sure. See I can go have the average 25 serious. I even fight Tyree Haliburton got an average 25. I ain't confident In that bro. I'm just saying he got an average 25 bro. 25. That's not who they, that knee Smith 30, shit, all that shit. No sir. And they gotta go 19. They gotta go to OKC first. Shit. That's what I hate about that. I don't like that. I ain't gonna lie. I don't that. I don't know why we talking about that.


That's cool. We'll get there. You know what I'm saying? We'll figure out what you bro because you saying the Knicks gonna win. Yeah. Okay. The Knicks bro. The Knick won't play them Knicks either. Shit. Nah, hell no. Boy. I won't play the Knicks either. Now that's a sweep. Y'all having a problem with Aren Smith? Yeah now that's a sweep. Now they, if the Knicks make it to the finals against all K, that's Niggas need to stop my new Knicks. I got, y'all know I got West Side but the Knicks is gonna make it a better series than the Pacers would. No, fuck No. But we can't, You know You can, you can find out 2K when you simulate. 'cause we putting belt to ass, we going to the finals and no hypotheticals over here. Sir. Uncle Ty said man the 20 14, 15 would win the championship this year. Argue with your mama. What team is that brother? Yeah he must be talking about my hawks Respect.


Yeah we definitely would've won a chip this year. Damn. Do you Think y'all coulda beat OKC? Yeah. Damn we had, we had, we played like them. They got SGA. Yeah he wasn't LeBron. We lost LeBron. I ain't Brian but he a lot. I I did that match up. SGA verse our team I'm cool like that's cool. The thing that we couldn't do, Brian was six and 8, 2 60 we just couldn't buy like we had no size for him. Like a guard like that. Like we just said like John not no disrespect to SGA but like John Wall, all them was doing the same.


Not to the same magnitude but we had played them. James Harden was doing that. We had played all them niggas that was killing getting 30 a game. We had beat Isaiah time. We had swept Joe Johnson. All them we had seen that we hadn't seen bro like was nigga he was getting 35 but it was a 35 that we couldn't even like couldn't do nothing with. It was too big. It was bigger than our power forward. So fire young team though bro. This Thunder team is pretty fucking good bro. Yeah but About ad bro They defensive. They about ad bro. Well I'm gonna keep it real. Chad is a hell of a X Factor bro.


He is. He good Chad or Paul Millsap? Yeah IA took Paul every day. Him like we we right now Paul, Paul Millsap, we sweet. He that's sweet Al Horford and Hartenstein. What the fuck? Stein ain't bad Man with 43 he still playing. I'm not saying shout out to the islands bro, but I Man, man HARs not to be there though. It pick and roll to death man. We are pick and roll him to death bro. What? Who started offs C? Y'all Not gonna bro we would beat them bro. Bro. We would beat them bro. I'm Not saying y'all wouldn't be but you saying like it'd be too easy Bro.


It would bro. The way we played Bro. DeMar Yeah nigga we go outta Here. No, no bro for the ball him move. So SGA just scored SGA scored way better than Joe Johnson. Not way better. He scored better. He scored better though. Barely. He scored. We ain't going to foul. First of all, we never foul. We was the best defensive team. We didn't foul, we was top 10 in defense. We didn't foul. We didn't put people on the line. No But that 20 14 15 Joe Johnson wasn't even there though. Yeah That's a Joe wasn't even there. That's What do you mean? 20 14, 15. Joe wasn't on your team Beat. We beat him. He was in Brooklyn. We swt them different Joe than Joe in Atlanta.


Yeah that's a different he still was averaging 25. Yeah but it was just different bro. Alright. They had Darren Williams too. He was different bro because the movies had locker hook. He was d I'm just saying bro. We had face them John Wal and Brad Bill, they was young as hell. Yeah. Nah I feel that they was a dynamic Doo OKC. They team wasn't as good as OKC. Nah bro. I'm not saying y'all wouldn't have beat him but you act like you was gonna sweep these Bro. Hey, hey OKC never win. The NBA is bad. The Pacer's about to go to the finals. Hold on. Got shit. Shit Don't put in conversations bro. But I'm just saying nigga. Y'all talking about nigga the N NBA is We fucking sweep the Pacers.


What type of shit is that? That's why we at 3 21 for shit like that man. Just saying bro shit straight. We rapper is man mad. True. Nah because y'all nigga's disrespectful like y not niggas like them bro. We not. Come on talk your shit t y'all Could win bro. Fool. Probably. But I'm saying you act like you said y'all gonna sweep them bro. That's crazy Bro. They might win a game bro. We for real bro. At No I swear wasn't bro. Y'all tripping bro. Nigga bro. But damn I'm telling you the truth. The Wizards was better than them bro. No wasn't. Yes they was bro. Y'all just looking at what's today. John Wall was the same kind of aggressiveness as SGA bro.


He was a hell to guard bro. Bradley built was averaging 25. Paul Pierce was still killing bro. What are y'all talking about? Saying it wasn't cold. Mark Marcine T was better than fucking Hartenstein. What are we talking about? Go Green was what are we, what are we talking about? But the Wizards was not Oh look at that. Look at that squid. Martel Webster Drew Goodin bro. They name Humphrey. They was player. We we used to play them bro. They was just in good bro. Y'all, I'm going. Porter was hooping back then bro. He got a hundred million. I'm not going against you bro. I'm Y'all. I ain't gonna let them do that to you nigga. Forget we say it wasn't good bro.


You, you had this nigga SBA didn't have that motherfucker. You was the nigga at Kentucky. Fucking heavy nigga. The league light now and about to get a chip. Y'all just said the league is light all the fire. I say that all the fire players are old now. KD and them still top 10 in the league. The niggas 40 bro. Some of the best ever bro. LeBron just made all NBA the niggas 40. The league is light. Nah these niggas just different now. No it's light bro. Older old niggas was was real old niggas bro. Bro I'm just saying bro. Me, I swear to, I swear to God though. Like KG at 40 was not even real thinking about NBA making all NBA nothing bro because he was old for real nigga. Yeah he was the old as fuck, he couldn't barely run down a court bro.


What I'm saying, I played with the nigga that's was out there every time I swear to God every time his shoulder went out every game bro. That's what I'm saying bro. They was really old bro. Every game bro. Man the niggas ain't the same bro. What a question. It's a little easier bro. The way the game is played, it is all three pointers. It's easy to play bro. I'm not going against you bro. 'cause you actually play and You know what You talking no no say is good. We not saying they wasn't shade to sweep them bro. Bro you not giving them a shit. Think about Golden State bro with Clay Tom bro. They will murder this team. I I'm with you on that with Clay Thompson. Not even with kd. Not even with kd.


I give that not with Harris. This nigga murder I'll disagree with bro. We was one and one. We was number one overall the whole league. Nah that y'all was good Wet. Say y'all wouldn't we smack these niggas bro are crazy. We sw these nigga against you bro. We don't play. We don't play like how Anthony Edwards and 'em play. You couldn't prepare for the only reason we couldn't beat bro 'cause it was lil LeBron James nigga he's still all NBA at 40. But nigga all that loading up to us, you going leave Kyle Ver nigga are you fucking drunk? We shot all threes like them. They like that they couldn't, we would've put 'em in so many picking rows. But John had no Anthony Edwards for them to do that. Did we did.


I had more of a team so that's my whole point. That's why the Pacers are going to the finals 'cause they play like us. There we go And they a weak version of us. I'm not saying y'all weak like what the fuck I love other no bros. I'm gonna take no bro no shade to Nihar. Nihar is like they one of they go-to guys bro. Like what? And this is a league where the guards get to do whatever they want but fuck no bro. No bro. Now we didn't hit lot of patience about 10 times last week. No, ain't never said Nihar. When our go to no bro bro this some shit. No bro. I'm not rolling bro. No, no bro.


No to the point. No bro, because bro y'all got me fucked up. I don't even do that. A nigga they got John Wall fucked up. You got Brad Bill fucked up. No bro got y got fuck nothing. Y'all gotta, y'all okay see it's better than them. No they not bro no good bro. The reason they a good team 'cause the league is down bro. You just watch the, we just watched the Celtics shoot 70 threes nigga and didn't say we ain't changing nothing. Yeah man get the fuck man come on man. I'm ready to go man. I'm done bro. He sound like one of them old niggas man. Back of my, he sound Like one of old Niggas three in the key.


I'm talking about basketball and general bro. CP is 40. He still start like nigga can't even run up the court bro because niggas are sad. Yeah I don't agree with CP start bro. He just, he just CP Situation. It's a lot of bad basketball bro. Now In any era of basketball we have the best generation Basketball. Nah and I ain't even hate, I ain't even that kind of nigga but I'm just saying the the way niggas play bro it not, it's different. It's not hard to play nigga you, I legit seen a nigga say in this era of basketball, all you gotta do is draw the ball hard and shoot a three. If you can do that, you can make it to the NBA like nigga. What? That's the analytics Austin Rivers.


That's my whole point like nigga Austin Rivers. Austin Rivers get drafted and right now he damn near be a top 25 player in the league. Bro. If he came outta high school right now, the way he drove to basketball and shot threes, he telling you like nigga I would've killed y'all. This is easy. Shout to Austin Rivers man. One of the best first steps in basketball Now for sure. It is. It is. It is a lot different Like my own beef, no shade bro. Where all that shit was is that y'all going sweep these niggas Bro. Man we would've beat all the basketball would've beat them. We It was gonna lose or Nothing. We gonna beat them bro. They might won a game bro. We would've beat them. We nigga Isaiah drove with a sub them out would've lit the fuck up. Like what?


I did all the foul baiting like SGAI did all that grabbing shit. My eyes would've lit the fuck up. I was You say you you still doing it at open gym? Yes I still do that but my eyes were lit the fuck up. I played Caruso like he was in the NBA when I was like nigga he okay you verse Elmer Foot. I'm just saying you seen them before like it's just different now. Like the league is different like et the Edwards like it's no way we would've been like Paul you go to the block But that ain't the league now. That's my whole point. I'm just saying we've been like Paul go to the elbow and kill him. Like al take heart and stone off the block like get to your little mid range shit. We ain't about to play with y'all. We ain't about to keep shooting threes for Sure.


I feel like it just depend on when y'all play. Like what era? 'cause I'm gonna play the era we play. Most teams Gonna play different ways 'cause it's different eras bro. For sure. We're not gonna shoot all these threes and play like that. If they And we're gonna trap SGA we not gonna let him just keep playing. We're not going to switch Rudy Gold Barrel on SGA. We're not. No we gonna say soon as he caught the ballroom we're gonna trap him. He's gonna have to make Lou Dork gotta make 20 shots tonight. Let's see what's up. Like they switching. That'd be a long night. Especially my buddies our head coach. What they switching Rudy Gobert on him like hey let's see if he can kill Rudy Gobert. Of course. Yeah. Like what I mean Yeah I mean he supposed to be the fucking defensive player to man nigga it is seven five trying give us something That's bullshit.


But he got 'em nigga three times. Three times. Yeah so do something with the defensive scheme is awful bro. Alright man that was a hell of a question from Super Chat. Didn't know he was gonna get that type of no because they made me mad because they disrespecting niggas that play right there. No because Bradley, Billy and them make it to the chip right now. John Wall you would be a fucking champion. Didn't say nothing about them nigga. I don't think anybody has said the wishes are going to the championship but shout to Brad, Dale and John Wall L moving on. Y'all would've went to the chip in this area. Y'all would've went to the chip. Respect Paul respect. Quiet Paul in the game. Winner on us nigga. He say I called game nigga so what? So what Lou Dork gonna do? But he was not. Fuck no, no hell no. No. Now Lou Dobe Paul Pierce.


No what the fuck I never doing that. He was still cold. He was hitting big shots. That's all you need. You had two all NBA guards. You had two all NBA guards. We did three shots bro. We we had two. NB didn't call. I called Gabe shot off the glass bro. But nigga they still going to you. I got two NBA guards man. What we talking about Grenade bro. Nah nigga they they threw it. They wasn't going. They threw it to that nigga bro up. That was a grenade. Really? You probably would've lost a series if John won hurt his hand. I'm just gonna keep it real. That nigga was killing shout out to them man. For sure I had to do what I had to do. That nigga went for a layup, nigga had to do See I'm just playing Y bullshit.


Gonna clip it up. Yeah I'm bullshit. He trying to dunk on me. Shit. What's question to Super Chat before we get outta here. L Watson said if you would've spur would you trade Diara Fox the second pick? Davis. My fucking lying. You gonna trade your entire future for No I hate when niggas start saying shit Verified. Buckets definitely for J Dub going crazy. 34, 5 and three. Nikia Walker. Alexander try to guard his cousin bets. He could but yeah 23 anyway. Like yeah like shout to him but like just, just going at nigga. Come on man. We not put him on no island man for SGA Alright before we got here Get Well Soon. We doubling Get once on the check load the clip. Yeah. Y'all gonna do Che like that? Yeah. Hey man, sometimes it get tricky man. Chet boom don a nigga too. We didn't get that clip.


Respect man. Don't matter ain that shit man. I have vertical now. Look at this shit man. Look at this shit man. Get the fuck outta here. Youll soon. Production team. What? What game when you play? K? What? What Screen is it? It's not, it ain't even get us the fuck outta here man. Y'all really, y'all really made me mad today like I'm boiling. What is that? Because we went at Wake Forest with a B, Kentucky, all this shit. Like I'm just, I'm on that today. Like no That's a, that's a hold on when we get outta here. Is that, is that a real thing? Yeah bro. Deron Lamb come fucking guard me entertaining that shit. About real, they real bummy ass team.


They lost the Cleveland State nigga. We, we ain't, we beat them about 30 seconds. We ain't play, we ain't play good against like side teams. We play good against teams with names. We play good against everybody. Matter. No y'all did. Y'all lost the Vanderbilt nigga. Them niggas was ass. They was as y'all lost iu. You, you came home and lost nigga. I would never, I would've never came to Indiana and not killed nigga count nigga. I don't remember. I would never came home nigga they got a picture of IU right now with your face. Sad as hell. I would never, I got another picture of me smiling. I I ain't seen it. Everybody see it nigga look it up. We like this.


Y'all be as Kansas good. Them niggas was we at at, we've beat them niggas man for sure we fired man. We would've punked him man like man don't lamb first. He my little brother so I would've had the little mental thing. I'd be like ish. Man go at that nigga man that nigga ain't going. He can't even shoot his coach gonna yell at him. What was y'all going do with ad bro? Man he was, he wasn't even like that in college. He just blocked shots. He ain't even get the ball. He was effective. That was a real Rudy go Burke. Yeah but he ain't getting, he ain't get the ball back then we cool. I'm like Chase punching is green for Gil punching. Yeah do some wild shit. Punching Michael kid Gil which is back up.


James we bigger than you. We stronger than he can't shoot. He like this get up and down. Nah they wasn't allowed to shoot out for Faru. Nobody. T Jones nigga. Ah he a crash out punching Shouts to T Jones. T Jones. We just, while we was physical we gonna do some dirty shit. Gimme Faru every day in college. Yeah far bro. That nigga was about to really be the number one pick. Faru was too far, far was doing what you talking about Far coulda been number one pick. He went back to school as his sophomore year. He was cool. He was cool bro. What? Oh he just played with me bro. Steve bro bro he was cool bro. Talk your shit. Move a real stretch forward. He was cool. Ah you outta pocket. Hey boo. So y'all better go look up T you better go look up far y'all t Jones's freshman year.


Hey Boo man y'all acting he was in Maui. I can't let you do Faruk like that bro. Y'all tripping man. Wrong far was one to one. We out here asking Foley through one seven says Sorry y'all. This is west side activity. These poor takes not out east. They smoke different stuff. Damn. Shout to the west side. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back same time in the Morning. Five 20 in the Morning. The volume


okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business Chase for Business. Make more of what's yours. The Chase mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


This Podcast is supported by BetterHelp BetterHelp offering licensed therapists You can connect with via video, phone or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations. Hess hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. HE p.com.


You have a long list of things to deal with. Check dry eye symptoms off with refresh relieve of PF extra lubricant. Eyedrops. Offering an advanced formula to soothe and hydrate your dry eyes refresh. Relieve of PF extra. Includes moisture locking technology that prevents further irritation and gives you lasting relief. You deserve relief from your dry eye symptoms and your eyes deserve extra. Find refresh online or in the eye drop section at all major retailers. FSA and HSA eligible.


This is an iHeart podcast.