
What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia's pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading Blows. With Jay, Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday, five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Hendrick. To my right, my brother T Fellows. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up my boy? What up though? What's happening? What's happening man? First things first man. Start off with the RIP, the Junior Bridging man. Unfortunate hearing the news that he passed yesterday. Pioneer Man, pioneer, black Pioneer, went crazy, went to the league also off the court. Man billionaire. Set the blueprint for a lot of players, athletes and just for black financial people period. I know you was always up on game on Junior. Yeah, I had an opportunity to do a Zoom call with him when I played for the Hawks.


They all put us on a call with him and he was just a cool dude man. He was never afraid to express himself but he always would give you insight on everything and he never like kept anything tucked. He opened the doors to everybody. He had talked to you about anything. So he was a super cool dude. I hate to hear this news 'cause we was about to interview him. Yeah, he had the opportunity to interview him. So sorry to hear this. Condole to his family man, it's tough. Most definitely Indiana Legend from East Chicago went to Louisville. Got it done down there as well. Milwaukee Bucks Legend man. Junior Bridge was one of the ones. If you're not familiar with him, please look it up. If you're a black jet. Ebony magazine came from that man right there man.


He just, You know he had a move that he was making soon that he was consolidating something as well. But yeah man we would wish would've got the opportunity to talk to him man. Jim. Jim, Jim. For sure man. Rest in peace to Junior Richmond for sure. But speaking of the bucks, let's talk about it. They pulled up to the city, went back home with a L as usual. L Shout to Tyree celebrating went crazy. Four point play to get the Doug yesterday one 15 and one 14. Hey, load up the clip. Yeah, it is what we on today All been walking in my comments and almost got ugly yesterday. I thought Andrew Dimar sold us. That shit's crazy wasn't it? About Yep bro. Yep. I gotta land. He did land. He lying to the side foul.


Where'd he fall at? Bad close out. Gni. You was supposed to foul before he got shot up. Where's the foul though? I gotta land bro. He did land, he just fell. Where's the foul At the free throw line game. Alright coach Te I, you supposed to foul in this situation. Give him a chance to shoot the three and make him go to the free throw line. Nah, I wouldn't have foul. It wasn't no foul. That what he was going. I'm talking about scenario best because Back of my man, That's why I tried first. First of all they cheated. Go back, watch the time. They don't start when when you catch the ball watch.


Yeah, I actually hate that. 'cause if they look at, you see that they went back and gave the, they went back and gave 'em 0.4 on there. So when they got the ball out the situation it was 3.4. They added more time. Yeah, they added more time. They should have, but they see definitely. But but that wasn't no foul. If you up through that situation as a coach, are you fouling to make 'em go to the free throw line or you giving 'em a chance to see if they can win or not? It's too, it's a bang, bang play. It's too fast. But I probably wouldn't have put nobody on the ball. Mm. I probably would've told Brook left who has to turn his back and see where that pass was coming from. Yeah, because I mean he, he didn't do shit but tied up. Yeah, that's was like, I mean shit, that's different.


I might have just fouled a situation bro. We'll take one. I mean I wouldn't have to, you don't really got two. I probably that ain't a foul though. But I probably would've let, I'm not hating, but that's not fine. Shout out to Scott Foster. I probably would've let him shoot that too though. Are you gonna give him a chance? I might found a situation, depends where it was at. Like I would've told Brooke Lopez to turn his back to him when TA was running. I would've made him trace the the best shooter or whatever when they got in. I probably would've foul first of all. But the thing is, the N NBA A so tricky. Hmm. Like that shot, he just threw it up. That's a foul. So Yeah.


What's crazy is that inbound play was absolutely ridiculous. I know people give a lot of praise for that. I'm not that shit's od bro. That was their Mari football play bro. It is jail break. Yeah bro, that's, that's blitz 99 bro. I know exactly what that was yesterday. That's a smart play though. I tried to get our kids to do that but they not. They don't. Mm. I shouldn't say that. They're working their way there. Nah, it's not that they, it is just hard. Like if you don't got a like a concept or a stationary place where people go, a lot of people can't function that way. Like the freestyle. You need real awareness. Like some people didn't play outside. Yeah. You know, You know what I mean? Like when you play outside, grow up playing outside, You know how to get open. Yeah.


You know what I mean? Like we playing flag football, tackle football on the street. Two hand touch. This is what she ran. Quarterback go, everybody just run. Somebody got get open. That's, that was really a Moving screen too on my Oh yeah. That wasn't no foul though. Yeah. Moving screen. Good shot Tyrese four point play win the fucking Game. I don't lie. I love that court. That court hard than me. We don't lose that court. Which is crazy. We always win on that court on the lowest of keys. That court Hard a good win for them though. For real. But Oh no. That was a hell of a game yesterday. Yesterday felt like a playoff game for sure. Man. I can't wait to see that too man. Because y'all lost The league. Y watched the game. Y'all lost the league and then got it back.


Pascal was holding shit down. Come on. Tyree didn't Play good. He did not. He Scored, Reese didn't play good. I watched that game. He Scored a lot of points in that fourth quarter. Yeah. Yeah. So I think half his points came in the fourth quarter. But hey good time to get hot. My boy Andrew Nihart boy I had some in the draft loaded up for you. Them two mysteries and them free throws. Yeah. Yeah. It was some hate on the way but we got the dub anyway. Giannis had 19, 17 and seven yesterday. Brooke Lopez hoop out with 23 and seven. Dam had 15 and 11 yesterday. Yeah. Name Missed a lot of shots stressing in the beginning. Yeah, He been struggling the last couple games. Yeah, He couldn't, he couldn't get in the groove yesterday. He took a couple bad shots too but it's cool.


It'd be a hell of a series. It be a hell of a series. I don't know how it's gonna shake out between us. The Pistons and the Bucks. Whoever gets four, five, and six. But that Four five whose one still look like he uncomfortable too. Most definitely. Pascal was torching him yesterday. Oh yeah, it was Christmas yesterday but that's what he do. Giannis had 19 to 17 yesterday but him only getting one shot in the fourth quarters. Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I'm Surpris. That's what I was gonna ask you about. I'm surprised about that ton Now we normally talk about Giannis not swinging it but for him to not get no touches on the fourth yesterday. Yeah. That's tough. I don't know if that's even scheming or defense. I wonder what that was about. That sound like Giannis. Mm. But You know sometimes you had nights like that.


They don't, they ain't tripping for sure. Hey man, that'd be a helpful playoff series though. Be here. I know who you taking, you already, You know what I'm saying? Say, oh You have 4 4 0 1 bucks. You going four one bucks in that situation. Well Buckaroo. Wow that's crazy. Teague would I take, I think it'll be a good matchup. I'm only gonna say four one but I'd probably take the bucks like mm four or two. Oh so we just don't have a chance. We four two was a chance like we ain't just whoop their ass all last year. That's crazy. We've been moving Milwaukee for the last year and a half and everybody keep being surprised We beat through.


Well I just, I don't know bro. We That's crazy. I mean guy willing they go on there healthy. Y'all hit a Miracle shot, great shot and y'all Giannis didn't shoot the ball on the fourth and Dame was broke. I don't know how many games that's gonna be like that. Well I'll tell you what, this is the only series I feel confident that my coach could al coach the other coach. Ah man. That was a hanging with Mr. Cooper. Three point. Call him Al Bundy. Well Omar hit the game winner in the episode. I mean it's it is love. Shout out tore man. Hell Baa fuck what they talking about. Tyrese way to get it done at the crib for sure. C was center there winning streak yesterday to 15 games. Come back win over the next yesterday 1 0 9 to 1 0 4.


They clinched the central division. No, diamond Mitchell yesterday did not matter Or Ty Jerome. 'cause Darius go with crazy. He had 30 yesterday. That's what they need. 18 in the fourth eight assist and four rebound as well. Evan Mobile hooped out with 21 to nine and hey man your boy Stretch had 23 and 11 YI mean 23 and 13 yesterday. Excuse me. Yeah I was watching a little bit of that game back and forth on League Pass. I knew they was gonna come back and win that game but man DJ Hooped out in that fourth quarter yesterday. That's the DJ need going forward for sure. Nah. Yeah They won't wanna beat the Celtics. That's the kind of games he gotta have. He gotta average more than 20 points a game. So what you're saying 25? Him and Donovan Mitchell always gotta combine for 50 points. I don't know how they gotta get it but they gotta combine for 50.


Yeah for 'em to even have a chance to beat the Celtics. Damn that's real though. That's real. Looking at the other players on that team. Max Shoot's been hooping for them as of recent too. I like the way he has come a alive for them but very simple. We said bro they gotta be on top of that game and beat the Celtics but man another 15 game win streak long as it franchise history. That's crazy. Like they really just been whooping shit all year. That's crazy. As long as in franchise history. And you had LeBron James on your team for a long time. Talk about K Irving two stints. Kevin Love all hall of Famers and it's the longest range streak ever. That's crazy. Hmm. That is though because shit, didn't the Cavs win like 60 something games before A bunch of times.


Yeah. I'm trying to think like dang I know they won 60 plus LeBron but shout out to this new Cavs team Man. Man the 71 72 Lakers won 33 games in a row. Who was on that squad please scroll up. They ain't even win a chip. Probably, Probably. Nah, I probably won. Will Probably was cheating. That's why Nigga they had Jerry West and Will I About say it had to be when Will was there and They probably lost the chip. Jerry West only won one chip. Huh? That's very true. That's Crazy. Miami Heat. Okay. LeBron won 24 games in Miami. Oh 7 0 8 Rockets. I swear to God. I don't know Haw who was on that? Oh seven Way Rockets leader won 20 games. That team mc who Hawks 2014 2015 team.


No. Who on the real team? Who was on that? Who was on that Rockets team though? Who was, Who was on that team? Which one? The Hawks team. One 19 in a row. Speedy clx still got, Don't worry about it. Damn that's crazy. 19 in a row. Wonder who's on that team. Who's that? The Hawks. Y'all like y'all not losing for Hope M crazy too. Yeah it was at the M records team or run or chest. Damn that's crazy. I was on there nasty. My boy skipped to my Louis. Oh There it go. It's on the screen now. Steve Francis De Ken Bay, Luis Sko. This nigga said I was on there. Ain't that a bitch nigga.


You Chuck Hayes. Nigga Steve Francis and Tracy McGrady played on the same team. Yeah. Bobby Jackson, Luther Head. Mike James. I thought They got traded for You too. It was guard heavy. Got healthcare said how many peoples on this fucking team. This must been during a trade. Ain't no way. It must been Trade. Trade team man It had to be a trade on. Shout out to Carl Landry. Carl Landry. Who's my boy on Marsh Madness man. You picked Purdue? Yeah I used to pick Purdue bro. Yeah that's nasty word. Nah, Purdue was nice bro. I Never picked Purdue. Marsh was nice bro. Purdue No hate. I ain't never picked Purdue. Texas and Syracuse was my team on March Madness.


Oh four. Yeah. Picking Purdue. He was locked in for sure. Nah, I well and I hated Indiana schools but That's, I'm surprised by that. You know? You know Boys used to go at it 'cause he used to pick IU with, what's the Jeopardy? Nah. Yeah boy that had the clip the the shooting guard AJ Guyton? Yeah. Yeah. Could we see the oh four Uhe Team please? Nah, it was AJ guy who was number four on that team. Right. Bracy Wright. Bracy Wright? Yeah. Bracy Wright. Bracy Wright was nice. Cold bro. It was cold. Yeah. Who was on that? Oh 4, 0 5 pissing squad. I mean Purdue. Here we go. I said I fucked up. Blow it up. Nobody Yo Dave Te come on Teg One boy Carl ly.


I'm telling y'all he was nice on that game. Straight up. Oh Brian Dylan. I remember him. He went to Tech. Yeah he went out Purdue. Yeah bro. Damn Momma they was solid bro. For Real. I know. I'm just saying. I forgot about him. He went to Purdue. He was cool at Tech. Yeah there people. People don't talk about him though. Nobody give him love. Huh? He damn near the the one of the biggest out of tech to go to a school like that. For sure man, shout him out. That's a fact For real. Tyrone. I forgot what school Tyrone went to? 6 6 180 is crazy. That's what people, the kids don't understand. Like these was the guards in high school for real.


Like that Pike oh three team bro. That was a college team bro. Right in the beat ball state. God, nah, trade up For real For sure man He was just reminiscing man. My bad shout Dude. My song with March mad anyway man. Yeah let's go straight to it man. Zion had a tripled W yesterday. His second one got the victory over the clippers yesterday. 1 27, 1 20 freaky Z's back baby 2212 and 10 went crazy. CJ had 23 and seven as well. Kawa hooped out 29 and eight and James hard had 25 and 17. That Nigga Sent me a video Mariah. That's how I know he my nigga man in green. He sent me a video. Oh I to guy you play too much.


Alright. Alright. Say hello. You know so like I tag with that Nigga they was tag double limit Rick Ross logo. That logo pictures crazy. Oh man Mike pull that up at the end of the show Man. No we here now. We here now. I was, No nah it was her walking. It's a video. I'll send it you send it to my dm, Send it to you. He's old every time. Zion doing good though bro. They the internet just go crazy man.


So shout ze for staying focused. Nah man he killing man. Old boy got to go tee and be whooping shit man. Y'all funny as hell. I watched the post game yesterday. Shaq was like 20 is not good enough bro. 2020 triple double is a good game bro. Yeah, Shaq was wilding. Yeah and that's what I think that's what they talking about with them bro. I'm trying to see how many points, what does Shaq average, Like why y'all keep hating for like what is the point? Like damn I don't understand that for real. Like it's okay to criticize some players but that's Eric Knight bro. That's crazy. Yeah Bobcat A lot of people. Average Target Shaq what? Shaq average. He average 23 bro. 2310 if you take it them last four years away, boy it'd probably been different. It ain't No's career bro.


Nah it's Shaq. We know who fuck Shaq is but I'm just Saying that shit lame bro. You done had games where you was 22? Yeah. You had bad games bro. Like Rv. This the got at you Saboni used to bust your ass bro. It's okay. Yeah He averaged 23. What's that? 29, 29. 29, 26, 28, 26. Oh it's filthy. Yeah, it's no disrespect. We know it is filthy didn't Wicked nigga to Phoenix. It is last year at LA. 21 Last last year. Miami was a little rough then it started the same bro he 27. It is a different game too. Niggas throwing that nigga the ball every time. Yeah, Besides Kobe.


That's a fact. Zion cold though. I know what this PE team gonna do but Zion is cold. Yeah he he cold. You know talk about theory. Hey man James Harden 25 and 17 yesterday. Hooping. I don't know if they got enough though bro. Ooh to the Pelicans. Yeah. That's a bad loss. That's a bad loss. Especially into the playoffs. Where my boy MP at? My boy out Norman Powell injured or something. Dang. He ain't locked in. I ain't locked in. Yeah, he is not available bro. He been out for a minute. Oh man. Well that's why we lose him. We don't got the guard.


Yeah man he was hooping this year too but that's why we was talking about misdemeanor games in the most improved situation. Damn. I didn't know he was inactive though. What's the west where the clip is that again? About to fall out of contention at eight. So basically they had two games lose the streak away. Yeah, they ain't up playing man that's crazy. If they had peasy I, I feel a little bit differently. I know James Harden gonna cook. I know Kua gonna hook Cook. He been killing but we don't know if that's enough right now for sure at all. No it ain't. But hey Trey Murphy be hooping. He do. He be get his shit off. But you think he should go to another team?


Not saying that we wishing it on him but just stand there and hoop out. No Man. Rock out where you at bro, Bro Or cj Do they need to move on from CJ in the off season? Free cj That's fair. Probably. Yeah That's fair. I, I'm, I'm okay with that. And do you run it back with Lion next year? Yeah. Okay. He can stay healthy like this is a Y superstar for sure. Shout out to the Pelicans. Get a dub yesterday the PIs took care of the wishes yesterday. 1 23 to 1 0 3. Belt to ass situation. K cut. Hell was crazy. You know you shout to be here. Oh my. I know you. He watching porn while we doing this bro. Man that's the shit Jeff said me, he a Real he x@workhennyx.com That Jeff saying short.


Do I know you Any triplex.com The real merch K had 27, 10 at eight had 15 to 13. Jordan Pool had 15 built a ass situation. Nothing much to talk about but Shaq talking about the Pistons. I'm like hey man you not watching that team this year bro. The Pistons are a much better team. You like they ain't in contention to win shit but that's not the point bro. They were a lottery last year. K got these young boys rocking and they're actually a really solid team for sure man. They are. I've been saying this from the beginning of the year. Come on man. But the question was asked could they win a first round series And the way I think they can but if they get matched up with the Celtics obviously no for sure.


But if they get matched up with the Pacers or the the Knicks, they got potential to knock one of those teams off. I mean they got capable players K Cunningham even though he hasn't, he hasn't been in a playoff series. He hasn't had that moment yet. But people have coming out parties like we think about Derrick Rose first playoff series when he killed the Celtics Facts. Yeah. All these high level players that first time they playing that playoffs man. Some people had moments and I wouldn't be surprised. K Cunningham had a moment for sure. I don't see them getting out the first round but I think he's going kill for sure. Only thing about the Pistons that I'm a little bit questionable with is like you said, when you get in the playoffs and they game playing for y'all or you ain't gonna really stop K but the role players in that team gonna really like League be gonna have to play really, really grateful games.


Who could you see them beating though? The Pacers or the the Knicks. What about you dj? Mm You could see them beating the Knicks Jeff? I, yeah, just because damn, just because the Knicks is a one ankle sprained away from being ass. Mm. Yeah Like Jalen Brunson hurt. So with Jalen Brunson being hurt, the Pistons have enough to get past Hell yeah. Damn you got a lot of faith in them on that one. Yeah, I, yeah I'm gonna have to see something from Tim Hardaway and Tobias before. I just feel that confident. You gotta understand the playoffs when you look when you don't got nothing to lose. I took, I put it this way, when we was the eighth C and we played the Pacers, we had shit to lose.


We ain't had nothing to lose. Yeah. We was out there having fun like a motherfucker. All the pressure was on them and we took 'em to seven and we should have won the series. They just, we just didn't have a Kade Cunningham. Like we had a K Cunningham on our team. We would've won a series. They had a Paul George and the David West. We didn't have K Cunningham, we had Jeff T but I wasn't, I was killing that series. But nobody Say that you played decent. I was killing No you were But they got a moment. They got a, they can have a moment like that and K Cunningham can take them to the promised line. He had 30 point score if you want to be. Most definitely, I think any of those series would be good. I don't know too much about the Knicks. I I wouldn't mind seeing the Pistons and Bucks.


Pistons versus spaces will be good as well. Yeah. K to kill, I don't know, I think that playoff experience might be the best one this year but I think that'll bounce by next year for sure. But I'd love to see a Pacers Pistons. That's a a dream scenario for me honestly. Can K be a future MVP in this league? Possibly. Who knows? But yeah he could be an MVP. Yeah for sure. I mean he got all the, the skillset to be an MVP. Yeah, he triple double waiting to happen. He can score with the best of them and he got a game where it don't take a lot of, I'm not gonna say energy but a lot of athleticism to be good. Yeah. He kind of got the SGA Yoic Luca use his body. Well yeah, create contact. Get wherever he want on the court.


6 6, 2 20. Yeah. Get out the way. Don't really miss too many games. Yeah, I Like him. Come on man. This is what year? Three four. That's crazy. It's gonna be up for sure. Shout out to the Pistons for getting that dub yesterday. Alright man. Tonight we gonna play back with it. Thunder Celtics. Who y'all got? Oh my thunder. Pull it off man. Okay. You going can see Tonight I'm on root for JT in the, in the playoffs. He's the ops outside of that. Especially against my guys. Man. I got Thunder by six. I got the Celtics. You got the Celtics? Yeah. I'm gonna go thunder tonight man. I'm gonna go thunder tonight I think. Think it's gonna be a hell of a game. Could this be a potential funnels matchup? I know we, we pretty biased up here.


We think of Boston can come out the east. Yeah if they, if if Boston played the Thunder they gonna kick they ass in the playoffs. Yeah it might get wicked. So you think the thunder can get out the west first before you even get to the finals matchup? I mean they can but then you gotta get past, they gotta get through some shit out there out west. I think by the time they get to the cel they gonna be tired. Damn. Gonna be tired. Think They'll be tested. Tell you how you feel about that. Yeah I ain't I I ain't gonna lie, I like the thunder but I don't think they gonna get out the west for some reason. I just think like the Nuggets or the Warriors gonna get out the west for some reason.


Yeah. One of the mature teams Championship pedigree. Yeah. I like, I like SGAI think he cold but I don't know what it's gonna look like when he's not getting no foul calls in the playoffs. What does that look like? Mm, Yeah that's true. And all of them gotta bring they best shit though. All of the whole team world. Wiggins Wallace? Yeah I just said hey Peyton, Prichard Derrick White. They getting 40. Sam Houser just had 33, You know what I'm saying? It is, it is kind of spooky for us over there. Boys can get a bucket but I don't know if we can get a 40 randomly from the ninth motherfucker on the team. Like that's tough.


So I I I'm just more concerned like when the game slow down like they gotta play a yoic when it slow down. Yeah. I don't know. I just, but I honestly think Jamal Murray gonna act a fool in the playoffs Too. Yeah I think Jamal Murray back. Yeah like I don't know that game slow down and they gotta play them nuggets bro. I don't know. I don't like it. Or even they gotta play the Lakers in the game. Slow down if LeBron fully healthy and Luca fully healthy. Yeah LeBron probably got a game plan ready for SGA On the low. For real. Like if we got run into them, I got something for 'em. Now LeBron and them gonna struggle if they play only they not the team they'll struggle against is against like can you go back to the standards?


They won't. The thunder will be a tough matchup but like the Grizzlies, the Lakers I have a problem with 'cause that damn Ja Morant but the Nuggets 'cause Yogi sit back on them pick and rolls and he not a good pick and roll defender. Yeah. Luca and LeBron gonna have they way so they'd be a good matchup. Like I ain't, I don't know who will win but it'd be a better matchup for the Lakers. Mm. Because they gonna double team yoic and all that stuff so other guys gonna have to be great. But that pick and rug gonna get shredded with Luca and LeBron Yo's gonna have to play defense. What'd you think about Thunder and Warriors matchup? How that, how do you think that's gonna go? I think the Thunder and Warriors, that'd be a good matchup.


It kind of plays into who the Warriors need to play. They don't got bigs. Right. Right. And Hartenstein he can score but he ain't, he ain't Yoic no Che can score but he ain't yoic like Draymond can guard Chet Graymar, Dre Mond can guard Hartenstein but now they gotta guard Jimmy Butler, one of them Chet Gram gotta guard Jimmy Butler or Luke Lord or somebody. Yeah Luke. I mean but then you still got Steph running around, you got Buddy Hill running around, you got BP running around. They got all these guards running around and Minga back. Minga back they got, that's a better matchup for them. Okay now we'll talk about them. But that was what I saw as course he coming out. I'm like now that's gonna be real interesting if he can get back just even if he saw it for the second unit as of now.


That's tough. Yeah that makes him even better. Yeah but all them guards running around. That's a tough matchup for the Thunder For sure. Super track question. Okay keep going but last time they played man. Okay see here Boston at this 27th, second half point. So it will be interesting tonight. Forus ain't playing. J De will be out as well. Nah, he Celtics. Yeah I was gonna say it might go Celtics way but hey get this dub. That's tough. For sure He is capable. Alright man. Some other games tonight. Wanna see how y'all feel about him? Hornets Ad Hawks. Haw Hawks. Man. Hawks but damn. Yeah take you out. Nobody gonna watch that one Boy. Melo went out 76 ERs at Raptors.


Raptors. Raptors. Clippers at Heat. I'm taking to heat, I'm gonna go Clippers. Sons at rockets Man. Come on Sons don't take your Phoenix Rocket. Damn boy. Take to Guy. Call The hotline B, call the hotline Rocket guys man. Jazz at Grizzly. Some Grizzly grizz. Man sit out. Ja. Mavs at Spurs. Spurs. Yeah Spurs. They have nobody over there. Yeah. Battle over the dead. Timberwolves at Nuggets. Nuggets. Yep. Okay. Knicks at Blazers. Blazer Blazers, Knicks man.


Oh you going Blazers. Okay, It's quiet. Which show?


Who's scoring big in NBA this season? You are with all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props, money lines, you name it, DraftKings got it all. New customers. Now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus. Best instantly. Take us to the record to draft King Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today, use Code Club five 20. Yes, that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets for just five bucks. Only on DraftKings the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino when resorting Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share and believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we we're the energy line. We'll Have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf Hals and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course we're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys, I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet and I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing, I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from carting to nascar, even Formula One. Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut, we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


RA Super check question boob about money. So it's a picture I keep seeing of Nacho delivering a flying elbow to an unknown Wizards player. Can you please tell me what the fuck was going on? Shout out to be here. I got on back up white laces right now on clock And you went to work like that my boy. Have a good day man. We gonna dress after the pause now. Hey get You a shout on your lunch break. It's gonna be your last sha Nah, not a shot of liquor Respect. That Was a shout of that team leader. She right. I drove to the basket bro. They took a charge. I jumped in the air. They taking a charge. That picture is crazy. C Smoke repost. He like, I sell a picture. Tell a story about this one. But I was tapping into my AJ styles bad.


I was trying to deliver the elbow flying Elbows, bro. Who is that? But I told you, when I go to the basket And you take a charge on me, I'm trying to hurt you. That's full story. Like I hate people that take charge. I hate that. Like I hate, I hate people And the sandwiches. Pissed. Pissed. Taking the charges is crazy. I hate, I hate charges. That's like a nigga swinging over you in the club And you And you sw swerve to the left and they punch your nigga. I hate charges. That's the, that's the only thing I hate in the game. I blew by Jordan Crawford. Boom. Blew by him. You see him right there? I was going to dunk. They took a truck. That nigga is JC grabbing your feet.


That's just all bad bro. The basketball is outside the play but one of your fire high license when you dunk old buddy and they call a charge. That shit was lame. Yeah, I hate charges. That's funny. Especially 'cause Duke, they used to do that. They used to be under the set, standing under the basket bro. Like how the fuck I supposed to make a layup? You under the net Float. That's crazy. Telling me to flip side the page outta pocket for sure. Alright, being BN verified buckets, who was getting two yesterday? Gonna have to give it to Darius Garland. Glad to see him dropping 30. They gonna need that out him for what we spoke on earlier. So shout out to DG for holding it down while the gang out For show. Teague. Who you got? I got Zion triple double 22, 12 and 10. Yeah. Hell a knife for show old school James Hart.


25 and 17 yesterday. Last but certain not least my boy Pete Skills went crazy. 25 and 12. He was whooping shit yesterday. Get well soon will be here. Who need some encouragement this Wednesday morning, Man, first off, well we don't got that clip because I, I actually was watching games last night y'all. Jordan Poole. I wish I forgot that. Oh, Jalen Durry please pull it up. I forgot to write y'all yesterday but yeah it was, it was wicked. Don't lose that tab though for sure. No, no that tab is up there. That is definitely the most important GiveWell song for today. But y'all can Nah, just put Jordan, pull Jalen dur. You ain't gotta, because it definitely, it definitely highlight. Yeah there. There we go. Right there.


Check, check out Jordan pool man. Yeah, he pushed, he Right. Yeah My Boy. Hey I fuck with Jordan Pool. That's my dog Man. That's, I forgot to write y'all my fall bike. But yeah bro, that was on my list yesterday. That nigga Jordan Pool came to his sister's quick. He said whoa. He Said learn. Hold on, I'll keep it a BI fuck with Jordan Poole but off the top bro.


Bro that's gotta Learn. Start putting your fucking hands up right here. Yeah, this what happened last time man. You walked away with your hands down. Put your damn hands up man. A nigga would've hauled up right here. Look, you got your chin up. He finna push the Don Julio off your lips boy. On my son. And if Buddy went grab his arm, buddy got, if My nigga, I'd rather you push a referee than Jalen do. But what I'm saying like at least like brace yourself like you walking back with your chin up like bro nigga that is a, that is a knockout. You got it?


Yeah you Got it. Hey they need to go back to Friday with Pops in room with Craig and I fuck with George But like That's my dog. Put your hands up bro. Oh man. Put a up. Put a up. I'm sorry man. That was my, that was well today y'all. Oh man. Free to pool party man. He fried Lee. My kid well soon goes to Chris Millen man and Jaylen dur back in action again. Hey man, the pistons be wild. I love the Pistons on the low. Shout to my boy Chris man trying to be in help side. I see you. Yeah. Hey mm Chris like man get me out of this shit.


I'm supposed to be in Milwaukee. Hey good shit. Tell who you got give up soon or Zion. Yeah like everybody keep tagging me in this and so Damn fucking crazy. Only Zion, that Shaquille O'Neal Wil can get behind. Do your only three man. That's the real big three. Zion, Wil and Shaq. That's it. Maybe. Maybe Hakeem iis because them Africans love them. Big women maybe Hakeem, but outside of them four niggas. It's a rap. Then why they keep tagging Z?


That big boy Z. Why you keep tagging? I Spit up like a newborn. Soon as I enter that motherfucker. That's crazy. I be my first time drowning this. She gonna get you man. Be My first time drowning this so boy I wouldn't because I usually like to pull 'em up and choke 'em. I wouldn't be able to do my stomach against that. Motherfuckering them cheeks, niggas off with. I ain't got enough wood for that motherfucker, Yo. Hey I keep tell we go, I keep tag be here and bro Every time double do our appearance, we gotta do our in the club together.


Oh man it ain't fake. Super trying say one Jeff realized was fake. It ain't fake. That's one of them people too. You ever seen Cody Rose Esmeralda? Who? Sal's Spanish. Man, that ain't Spanish man bro. That's Aone. That's a character on Disney. Man. See My face, my That's a character on Disney Smeralda elsewhere. I but oh ain't face. Fuck man. Y out of pocket. This Show is retarded, man. Yeah, motherfucker, that's a Disney character. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I ain't tapped in. What's her Ethnicity? She French? Yeah. Oh okay.


Better relaxed. Yeah, y'all better relaxed nigga French. What? French fries. Well y'all, y'all Look like nigga. Hey yo. Take that one off bro. Bro we not. No, no. I'm talking about yeah, we ain't doing a circle. We just paid 10 for nothing bro. Appreciate you for the donation. Alright, BN people trying with some bread. What you got for? What is he on? Nope, he is wilding. I got man. Shout to Draftings man. The crown is always yours. Never heard. Shaa. 25 Tatum. 25 Melo 20. Scotty Barnes 20, Darren Fox 20, Anthony Edwards, 25 phony.


Simons 2250. And your $8,000 today baby. Hey Ben, it's not a bad way to get some money. Start your midweek off the right way. Listen, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back same time tomorrow morning, five 20 in the Morning, The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with All State savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. All State, fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the king of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.