
This is an iHeart podcast, Career Changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


I know a lot of cops, they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family. An incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging. Written with and about Las Vegas Raiders Running backs. Coach Deon McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold.


The volume.


Good morning, happy Wednesdays five 20 In The Morning. Your, excuse me, your favorite sports show brought to you by Boost Mobile. You know the vibes. $25 unlimited. Where they at? T 5G Nationwide. Come on man. Tap in with Boo Smoke. We know the vibes. Everybody pulled up this morning. We got Mo, we gott, we got Bishop Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening bro? What's up bro? Come on man. You know what time it is? Draft day. Yeah. One of the biggest moments in the league today going on man. We can't wait to see what the young stars we'll go tonight.


But first things first man. Every time his draft, You know his moves is being made man, take it to yesterday. The Pelicans for the CJ McCullum, Kelly Olin in the future. Second round pick for Jordan Pool, Sadique Bay and this year's 40th pick man. A lot of people have been scratching their head about this trade, man. How y'all feel about this man? Just like a why, like what are y'all doing and why? Why y'all sending CJ out there bro? Send my boy somewhere where he can hoop. Hey man, why is he gonna Washington Wizards bro? Man, I feel bad for Jordan Pool. What's wrong with that? They said they sent him from the worst team in the east. The worst team in the west. I see. Drew was pissed. He went to Portland. We up here talking about he going to help him. He's pissed. I told y'all I'm nothing but I'm nothing too.


I told him he might be on the move again. Ah, he is. He's hot. He said Hey listen man, I'm not playing here. I didn't pull up the first time. Y had to never send me back. Yeah, when that money talk, that money talks for show. I don't know what's going on though. Obviously it was like a money situation for Washington to, You know what I'm saying? 'cause CJ's on expiring basically a couple more years of Jordan Pool. But man, that Pelican team got a lot of talent. I don't know if it's ever gonna jail together, if it's gonna even get a chance to, but they got a lot of s of players on their team man. They do but I mean they still me though. Jordan Sadique don't move the needle so hey that's cool. They gonna be exciting though. That Jordan pool. I posted that on Twitter, Jordan Pool, Tom Zion Williamson.


Oh it's lit. Oh, I can't Wait. It's gonna be exciting but you never gonna see it. I got BA tv. I got NBA Tv. I gonna say they need to bring NBA gym just for that team right there bro. JP and I And the real pick and roll. Nah, I they gonna be sad bro. It ain't really nothing, You know what I mean? Too harp on too much. De John take gonna be out the whole year too. Right? Yeah. Unfortunately with Achilles injury you got Trey Murphy obviously who said there kill him. We don't know if he might get moved or not. But free him, free Trey Murphy free Him. Yes please. Yeah man we look at this roster man. Jesus man that's a a wild random trade. Obviously it was 'cause of money but man Jordan Pool deserves better man. Free my God man.


Nah, Just go get buckets bro. Yes He do bro. He deserves more bro. Have fun Bro. Go get 25. That's where bro go get 25 on this team tonight or strive for it And Call it a day bro. Good Bro. What if this team actually worked out though? That'd be the funny part because they got pieces that could work. Man, you got Herb Jones a solid player. Eastman C had a great rookie year. Hey man, I don't know but health bro Health on this team her, them bro. Zion only gonna play 30 games. Yeah, still he ain't gonna never play a full season bro. Never. Is Zion going finish the year with the Pelicans? Yes or no? He I not, He ain't gonna never play like Zion gonna retire in two years. Damn.


Damn. Gonna retire at 26. I ain't gonna do that to him Bro. He get 30 at least. Yeah, we Think you gonna play until he 30. Yes bro. No, 26 is crazy Bro. That's crazy. Two more years bro is only playing 10 games a year. Yeah bro. Body gonna be cool after a while bro. We think that he always hurt and he always playing 10. Think he be hurt sometimes bro. He just don't be wanting to play Or he said they sit him down. He said that publicly. They sit him down bro. After Seeing Deonte Murray's interview, how he talked about how the Pelicans would in that organization. I'm not blaming Zion bro. Yeah, Ben Simmons still getting burned bro. Zion, we will still get burned in the NBA Bro. That's what I'm saying. Ben Simmons had six good seasons, Bro.


I'm Zion Williams 25 every time he played got All Star already. I'm saying he he going to average them numbers but he only gonna play eight games. A nobody gonna take a risk on it just because It's 25. Yes bro. Those numbers look insane bro. I try That 24 6 or seven bro. 54% on the field. How Many games? How how many, how many total games have he played? He gonna be his, he gonna go to a real team and start play a real basketball game and people gonna be pissed. Where? Resign man. And that's when he really gonna get hurt. I'm not putting that on but I'm just saying like 'cause he ain't never had two bro. He played 214 games but if he going a league, he been in a, it is 82 games a year. That's crazy. But if he go to another team he can do that. He in the league for six years.


Jeff, You right. He don't play but what he do, them numbers are free. He killed, he talking about on court gonna kill, might not do it a lot. He averaged 35 years that far. He having a great, like I say, he's way more productive than Ben Simmons bro. He's true. I'm not bad as long as Ms. Simmons in the league. Y'all have to keep me here bro. That's, and I love Ben but ly He played 35 games a year bro. So bro they a great 35 Zion. Pull up in that bro. Get some run bro. They're not because they never win 35. My team's sad. I'm just here for a show. Yes Bro. I'm a high life factory bro. I'm here for sir. Alright.


I'm gonna say four years at max. They, they got, damn, I hate this Jte Murray hurt. 24 24 any 24 hours, 26 years. They got a roster full of people who can help other teams. They Exactly. No for real bro. Literally Bro. And I How old Is he? 24. 24. So you give him till 28. 28. That's max 10 years in watching the same too. Like and he fat. Look At my numbers 10 though. So it'd be cool. I'm fat but I'm a killer. 25, 7, 5. Anybody I take a chance. Listen anybody in the NBA if they release him or whatever they do with him, I swear to God somebody's on his line immediately. Bro. Bro bro. Pull up. I mean people want Zion Williams like they, they gonna be like man if we can just get him to play We'll take 20 for 20 games.


They be like if we can just get him to play 58 games, you just need him for the playoffs. Save your 20 for the play on me. Come hoop bro. That's hard. And that's the thing, our Koala Leonard smoke Get ready, people just want to play 60 games. He can't even get 60. That's asking a lot bro. Yeah, rush asking too much bro. Bro Too much on my body. I can't, I I'm sure once he off this max deal he's never getting, nah he ain't getting another Max never. But he gonna get a hundred mil though. He'll get some money but he not Max. He gonna get like, like Bro you play 33 Z get a hundred million after this. He's not, he's the goal. Y'all Don't think Z gonna get This Not to Mo. He gonna kill this year, get a bag he gonna kill. Oh if he play this whole year he gonna kill. He gonna kill this year if he pay and start doing this shit bro.


If he only play 30, if He go crazy, see Dub go crazy. If he only play 30 games this year, he is not getting another, I'm rooting For you Bro. He'll get 55 games this year if he play over under where you going? How many? 50 or 55. I mean 50 over under how many games you gonna play? 50? No I do two under going Be him over 50. He's smart bro. Yeah he about to get this money bro. Under 50 bro. If this is the bad year too, he's about to get this. Oh yeah, I think this His bad year Because I'm about to say if this is bad year, his bad year is he gonna play over 50 and I know he not about to play over 50 year And I gonna get a hundred And I hundred and then I'm chill out again. Bro. Get a 3-year-old. Nobody's falling for that Finess bro. He gonna fall. Especially not with this second, it's gonna be 28 April. Especially now with this second April He's going to kill you can't deny 28, he gonna 20.


Exactly. You, you can't deny bro. I'm must ct. What Year in his contract is this first as I am He is must CT V player. He bro he is. When Zion is on the court, Zion a problem. Can you really say he cold though? He only play 30 games. Yes. Yes. Every time he get on court he kills bro. Oh yeah, he signed in 2022. Oh yeah, it's almost time. Yeah I told you. Yeah. Oh yeah. DJ was right back here about that Time bro. He got couple, he got a little bit more after this season. Yeah, he got take 30 this year. He got team options though. Turn me up. Yeah, His contract a little fluke. You know they, they got the, the weight claws in there and all that other stuff so You know, see what I'm saying bro, he got weight claws in this.


I forgot about that. Charles Briley was shitty. Nigga Got a weight clause. Hey go ahead. On my boy Zion bro go crazy. Can't wait you to kill this shit kid. Rock Zion. But like man he only got, he only got max four years bro. Ain't he fat? Nah bro, that he in shape right now. He bro, they got that off his name bro. He's free. How much Zion weigh bro? Bro He is then bro Z need to get to about two 30 bro. Oh that's asking a lot brother. 2 85. 2 85. Come on bro. He bigger than bro bro. Z ain about to get, he's six four, he's 6 4 2 85. It matter 25 7 to six in the NBA. Oh What? What's up buddy from Not bigger than everybody in this motherfucker.


What's old buddy that got kicked out the league that Kenny what's his name? Kenny Lofton Jr. Oh Man. Oh he ain't him though? Nah, Kenny Lofton he was, he jumped Over the back. Yes bro. That's what I'm saying. He, You know what's crazy, Kenny Loft Jr. Can hoop coach. He just too short. He, he big head he might, Kenny Lofton got game, he weigh more than Kenny Loft he got for you bro. Yeah bro. But he can't, he can't win both of the legs bro. Kenny Loft ain't throwing it off. The backboard Is fat though. Zion. Yeah. Yeah. Kenny bl and throwing it off the backboard and laying it up bro. Zion is win you Off fast break. Zion is windmilling that motherfucker on somebody and he oh For a fact if he get about two 40 bro, he, he'd be, he's never getting into two 40.


He's just 45 pounds. He needed to get to two 40. He was like 2 45 at Duke. He gonna be sick bro. He can't lose that. Do you see what threw off the court bro? He can't, he can't afford to go below two 50 bro. His lifestyle just not condone him being that slim bro Mad. That's He got in trouble. That Nigga can't get a 10 piece about my L bro. Leave me alone order what I want. Shout to freaky Z Man Wendy stuff.


Oh y'all fried? No I had a plug with Whitney's. Hold on bit. Nah You know Whitney tattoo five 20 baby. It's always fresh. Always fresh. You know what I'm saying. Tap into the Whitney's Miss Burgers on the, on the west side. Oh shit because I promo code on Whitney's tap. Y'all fried. Hey but Washington, that graphic they had of Chris Ton, Marcus, mark, Michael Brogden and CJ McCullough was disgusting. Don't ever post that again bro. Temptations Now YM C seen my five season one man. Now they Fuck around and be good though. They are.


They got a bunch of quality players, They gonna be good. They say if this was 2020 they would be cold. Think about the back court. Cj McCullum and Chris Middleton though. That's gonna be solid. Nah They got a good team. That's not a good bad court now. Yeah bro. C is is is he Toes. Nah respect to exactly what's crazy Chris only like 33. Yeah he's Toes. They all can go help other teams. They got the is the teams they gonna Surprise. They are the team. Noj. McClum still raw though. C Kellum still CJ's 25 at night for sure. All respect to tj. So they got the young, they start the young boy at pg? Yeah CJ McCullum, Chris Middleton and then Alex R Alex R and then then whoever they about to draft, they about to draft somebody.


I hope they draft the big boy bro. They gonna be okay. They gonna Be smooth and they, they better From Duke. I be about to, I hope they get Derrick queen. They'd be type of Ooh don't dairy Queen it. They gonna be smooth. They gonna be smooth bro. I Got, I got Washington doing well this Year I got Washington. What's well ninth, ninth in the east. I'm play in so not a playoffs play in for Washington. It is like them going to the conversation. They fuck Around slipping the eighth bro. Niggas is hurt out east. Yeah they might be playing Straight up y'all. I like it. Yeah Some quality players bro hurt But they still gonna be in the middle but they got some real hoopers over there. Literally. CJ McCullum is really a Hooper. Yeah bro. And Chris Middleton really a hooper is hurt but they still gonna make the play off. They gonna get rid of Marcus Spark.


Marcus Smart and Brock. Malcolm Brock can hoop. For real. He can't hoo for real For sure. No they okay. To me solid Pj. If they gonna stay healthy though, they gonna trade Marcus Smart and get somebody else that can be heard too. They about to bring Brad Bill back that's still got a nasty reunion. He still got that firehouse that's gonna happen bro. That house fire up there. He should never left. Yeah. Come home bro. That's never gonna happen. He should never left bro. Okay, I wanna ask you this question before we move to the Super chat. Which team is more likely to make the playoffs between the two? The Wizards. What Pelicans? The Wizard Wizards Lands Landslide. Okay. The Wizards. It's not even close light work. Them boys was awful though. Go back because Zion really is only gonna play 30 games. So what Zion know was that the Wizards won 18 games last year And I always smart 18 games is crazy.


Yeah and they, the Pelicans trade a lot of people and the PE best player was CJ McCullum 18 and 64. Man Withers. Yeah. The Wizards gonna be better than the, the Nets this year. I don't know Trey Johnson go there. Oh I I They might win some more games. The Nets have every pick in the first round tonight. Jesus. I don't know what they got going on. I don't know what they brewing up but they have four picks in the first round tonight. So I don't trust the Net's vision right now until I see it through. Yeah. I don't got no faith in the Nets. Yeah, I I have no faith. I'll see them. I have zero Faith the net plenty of players. The Nets been a bad organization since I've, they came about. Yeah.


X some of the, some of the moves they just been making has just been head scratching since the beginning. Shout to Billy King. I like him but that was, he messed that organization up. Facts. Yeah. That's nasty work for show man. Let's hop into super chat one time. David over Gole said y'all hold it down for the firefighters with y'all be him need to experience it. Houston and I had an argument with my partner with you. It's better the Jordan seventeens or the penny ones. Man. Shout out to the firefighters appreciate y'all seventeens. Seventeens. I don't know. I send them penny ones boy. I'm gonna go with the penny ones. Penny ones for sure. But the new 17 lows has been dropping. Man. Shout out to the Yeah it was the infinite. Yeah they been, they been whipping up that work. So they'll miss fire like that color colorway the best Jordan that's gonna hit the streets if that, that colorway hit.


Yeah that white red, that white purple, that white and blue. They got some heat. That's the, that's the Jordan of the year. When that dropped Over Your undefeated Over the undefeated bro. Woo. I see we you can get the undefeated they came out before they still fire. You can show 'em Pull, pull 'em up on the feeders are very fire. But yeah these right here. Yeah them is crazy. Yeah they they're just that goes to that colorway. Nah, the this one. Oh my Lord. Get on nice kicks.com yo. Yeah. When them drop make you song art's dropping dj? I'm not sure A rose gold Miss that go with my train. I'm Not sure that go with Mike Ant. Oh the bus down With a black sock?


Mm That go to that red color. That red and that purple is, that's crazy. Your Heels in here boy. That red crazy heels is crazy. Those are fire. Your heels is nuts. Yeah. Yeah. I'm rolling with them. Do ain going home when you do that. The, the fans can see this. The chat. Yeah, that that right there. Chat check in brother. We need them for show that right there that Red is. Yeah I I We gonna slit Them out. Yeah, for sure. Yeah that's five 20 gear for show man. What Them hard than the penny ones y'all? I'm sorry. Yeah. Alright. You wear respect Orlando Penny one pull put Iconic penny one up Penny one bro. Iconic shoe. Penny One man. Especially that first one. Thank you to whoever that was in the chat. 'cause this is what we oh is legend Black and blue.


What's legend? That white one right there? Nah, the white one mid. The gray one is nasty bro. That Black go to the other white one though. That That one right there Shoe right here. Ooh, fire this whack. I hate those. This One. Yeah. Y'all crazy y'all. I ain't the biggest fan of white shoes but that that OG black white man that mug is crazy. Good question Man. Bad shoes. You crazy. Little mid. I'm gonna go with the seventeens for sure man. After, after all that 17. I'm gonna rock with the many ones. Man. Shout to the og Nike man. No ball. They only got one color way. That's fine. I ain't gonna you I started looking around.


I got to that brown one. I'm like anytime you a brown color. Yeah gimme seventeens. No nobody needs the UPPs love the PO fell. If I had to pick A-N-B-A-W-T to coach, who would a be and Y? That's a good question. I Think you, I would coach the Chicago Sky. Fuck Mo. Okay. Respect. I want to coach Angel Reese. Shout out to Angel Reese. Alright. Alright. Mooc. I'm going with the New York Knicks bro. Yeah Be lit. Be lit bro. If I went there, I'm stamped forever bro. Yeah for sure. See me. I want to coach the, Y'all gotta pick two though. Y'all gotta pick A-W-N-B-A and the NBA center. Okay. Coaching the fever bro. Home team for sure. Vibes. I want to coach.


You might get five. The Atlanta Hawks then I want to coach You too. Aggressive The go Coach the dream. The dream The dream. Stay at the crib. You know they running outta niggas with nigga, nigga coach the NB and the Wwn B Like I said. Well you gonna be a hard worker man. Just be at the crib no days off in that joint for sure. Alright. B sq two times and the super chat. They love the show Fells. Which teams y'all think what best use big man y'all had on the show yesterday? Derrick Queen and Thomas Bert. I think Derrick Queen can help any team right now. We just at Washington. Him and Alex RI like that as You know Front court for show. Yeah. Child to Bigs. How y feeling? I want Derrick Queen to go to the Spurs.


Mm. I wanna give Forton. Nah, hell nah. I mean no brother but I shouldn't have said it like that but at 14 he probably won't get to 14 but yeah I was about say one boy is going way earlier. If his first did Dylan Harper and him at two and 14. Oh they have great time. Adam Silver. We have to have another conversation. Dylan Harper's a lock for two. Yeah I would imagine. I would imagine up. It ain't no disrespect Dairy Queen. He could definitely. That's hard. Dairy Queen is sick. See he's gonna happen to Ace Bailey man. Mm nah he gonna get picked early. I know he gonna get picked early. They just talking. Yeah people, people trying to scare him but he, he tripping though. Shout out to my boy Dylan. You Know play number two, You know Ace Bailey, I don't know where he gonna fit.


Utah probably be a good place for him. Can go to Washington now. Nah They might take Jeremiah fierce though. Who? Utah? Nah, they got that young boy they just drafted last year. Isaiah Coyier? Yep. And they got George. Yeah they don't make, he told too. Yeah they don't make no sense for them. A few. Oh They do Isaiah? Yeah. Yeah. And he could play. Yeah Isaiah Coy can play. Yeah he can to The Bulls don't do it. My boy like that. Nah, don't do my boy like that Thomas er. He need to go to like the Thunder. Mm. Another big The Thunder need another big, I mean Jalen Williams off the bench is cool but You know how they keep a young, they young.


He need another. My boy Thomas going to New Orleans. Oh don't learn early. Don't do that to him man. I already got What's His name boy. That play last year might you can see Is nice. This might not even Happen. Nah this has nothing to do. This is just a mock. This ain't gonna happen. Yeah for sure. None of these people probably gonna get drafted For sure. Alright man. Back in the super chat. Good questions for show Cantus Harper said y'all gotta link back up. But Joe and Jada, that shit was hilarious. Freaky Mike and Joe Gizzy Gobbler gang. Excuse me. Dang Triple G's. That's the chain. Yeah that's they name Triple G's. Y'all Went? Yeah y'all did go crazy. He went crazy. He was like why not you be In the feature. It was crazy. You be in the special guest out. You actually getting on camera to say I like eating gifts and Ziess is crazy.


Jada call that nigga a Izzy guest. That was Funny. I call him hot dogs. Alright And Rose the super chat said telling Joe Jay the freaky mic and serial zy eaters out of pocket hashtag snitching. They The same type of nigga, they just dress 'em up. Different Shout to the remix. Black Moses three in Super Chat said should disperse Tre the two pick with Brooklyn for Cam Johnson and the other pick leads to a bigger move since they missed out on Katy. God bless. Absolutely not never trade anything to the Brooklyn Nets. The cam for Cam number two pick for Cam Johnson. It's crazy. Yeah they could probably trade 14 for Cam Johnson. And I like Kim Johnson, I'm probably one of his biggest fans but yeah that's bad. Hell nah. Yeah that's a lot. Yeah ain vibe in ATL.


Alright Lord six that's blast. Who were y'all's favorite like bloomers fields. If players Aren star by the end of their rookie year they get written off. I think the NBA's last couple years just showed you that. Especially lottery picks. Man you gotta be patient at least two or three years man. It is very rare you get a player who comes in their rookie year and kills like that. You can't blow up your franchise off that. Especially if that lottery pick who a late bloomer y'all like somebody that made it to the league and then they ain't really have success to the end like a couple years later. Hmm, that's a good question. I want to kind of say Orlando 'cause I even though it went too far along but a lot of people had rode off Jalen SLS early 'cause they had all those guards and he didn't really separate himself. But as you saw this year when people got hurt he rose to the occasion for sure hell of a player.


Pascal's one of 'em for two. Obviously he wasn't too high of a pick but look what he turned into after a couple years even. Who just won a championship? Jalen Williams. Yeah. You know what I'm saying. Year three he got a chip. He was solid early on but you didn't see this. You didn't see him being all defensive. All NBA Allstar. So shout to him. I'm gonna go with Jalen Brown. Mm. His first couple seasons in the league, he didn't play his rookie year. Shaky his second year. Yeah they got Jason Tatum was playing over him. I was about to say Jimmy Butler too. I showed him. Oh Jimmy Butler. So you was there for that. He might be number one. I was about to say him Jimmy Butler Bronson? Yeah. He was cold always kind when he got the play. Jalen Bronson?


Yeah. Yeah him and Luke was doing damage. Obviously it was right before he left but, but he still, you still ain't know he was gonna be what he is right now. Most of it. Fred Van Fleet for sure shouts to Fred Van Fleet man. Yeah. Undrafted to a chip. My boy went crazy. Mike Conley, we always knew Mike was gonna be good our whole life. Free Jerry Grant took good question.


Hotels in Vegas might be booked solid this weekend but there's one vacancy left. That's right. It's gonna be filled at UF C3 17. A new lightweight champ will be crowned. Grab your old crown and draft King Sports book. The official betting partner of the UFC. You know what's going on man? Ria takes on Charles Oliver to fill the vacant men's lightweight title as a headliner of the International Fight Week. First time betting on DraftKings on the UFC fight. All you gotta do is pick one of the fighters. It's easy, it's an easy win. If you knew to DraftKings, all you gotta do is bet $5 new customers. If you bet that five you get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Listen that load of DraftKings Sports book app now and use that Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 gets you $150 in bonus bet instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks, only your own DraftKings. The crown is Yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Alright Man, ACL L man trying to make some moves man. Shouts to the boss at Celtics that made a three team deal yesterday. Sent Portus to ATL with the second round pick. Terrence Mann a TLS 22nd pick to the net to Georges Yang. Five 20 alumni and his second round to the Celtics boy. Right. Steve was out here cooking. Y'all seen me call George. I seen it was all y'all put it out Mel. He ain't know. He said I'm in as sauna like boy you just got traded boy. He going to the crib. Yeah you go the crib. I I said boy how You know BAA joke? He he mad. I been there like fuck I traded. He like, he going home. I'm going to Boston to the cribs and they call me back and figure out if it's true. He said yeah I hit you back.


He text me like yep is crazy. Y'all found out like your whole life about to change off a text or a report or a tweet. That is crazy. Yeah. Why about the guy calling though? Like shout out to Twitch babe. Check us out on Twitch. Clarify 20 on Twich. Wanna see the real inside? Yeah. Pause. But if you, if you fair enough, that is crazy if you, that ain't no switch. If you wanna exclusive content, you wanna see how we truly rock on 2K, how we rock on Madden, MLB whatever game y'all wanna play. I heard Malcolm been carry on the Twitch man is it's true. That's a lie. My last game what I had out, I had 20 in the first half. I ain't get the ball no more.


Damn say it ain't something I started getting gunned out. It was cool. Dang. That's who was gunning. You know I just play the game. I might just play the game. Alright man. How you feel about your, your Hawks Man getting kp, my initial reaction was like okay we trying to make something happen but then after that I was like Zion because he's not gonna play either. KP only plays 25 games a year or two. Yeah. So we got hype for no reason. I like him and Jalen Johnson though. Yeah but is he gonna play? Yeah I was about to say if he play Yes I think he Will. How you feel about the KP and Reon pick and roll? I think now's gonna have an opportunity for him to be kind of like Tyree Hallberg.


He got that floor spacing big now you really can't guard Reon but it just takes away the live tht that we used to have. But he could still run pick and roll with Jalen Johnson. He could be a live tht. Yeah but with KP ability to space the floor, it's gonna be wide open for Trey. It's actually a a great pickup. It's just a matter of health. Yeah. Solid. But if he play I solid Be a solid team but I don't know if they gonna start him and Big O together. If they are, I don't like it. Yeah, that's what I'm gonna say. You got Big O who could still get Trey on that locker? He looking forward that situation then maybe like you said KP ISS limited with his playing time. So You know what I'm saying? He might get a little bit of that combination but I think he pissed that he in Atlanta. Nah, KP he got he he got paid.


He might not be too upset and he done been in some places too. My boy was a wizard so I'm sure he probably grateful. Nah and he hooped with the Wizards though. I ain't gonna lie but nah it's smooth in Atlanta. Okay. Alright man. Celtics they're making moves they got under that April real quick. Save them some bread boy. 238 s. Yeah 4.5 under the second apron. Under that Second Apron is kicking all these GM's ass trying to make sure these contracts is lined up so they don't get taxed too much. But what we seen else from Boston, we seen they getting calls about Derrick White crazy moves Jalen Brown. You think one of 'em might get moved as well? No they under the April. They smooth now They smooth now they good. Okay They, they gonna chill. I wouldn't Be surprised though if one of them moved, Who gonna be that big Al Horford and they gonna have to sign back.


Old buddy bro. He's 60. What's up? What's up Luke Cornett? Yeah okay Gonna have to resign. They gotta resign Luke. I was gonna say boy they asking Al to do a whole lot bro. He's supposed to be help Flat out. He healthy though y'all he healthy Bro. Al Horford at 45 not supposed to be your start. He Luke Corn all the games Bro. He's healthy bro. And they do a great job. They Had a great team this year. Yeah they do a great job of picking, finding like G League bigs or guys that's not used that much in the league. They always go find them and they come to the Celtics and have good years like Sam what's his name? Sam Houser. Now where the hell he been hurt?


No I'm saying like before. Oh you already found him for him? Yeah they gonna find him. Luke Cornett, he been running around the league for years. Found a home there, found a home. Xavier Tillman. These dudes find a homes and they gonna be, they gonna help him this year. It's time for JD Davidson. Let my boy cook this year. Hope they said he ain't getting it so I'm sober. We be here gonna say it Bro. I got 20 a night kid that just pulled up to my city bro. True. Wait your turn bro. They Can't get 12 minutes. They might as well. Tre can get 12. They might, they can. They can get off Jaylen Brown contract. I would. How long he been there? Three years. Who? JD Davison Davis? Yep. Yeah, he not, he not about to get there 12 minutes bro. Come on.


But if they get off of Jaylen Brown I would. I mean I don't know they don't want to trade Jaylen Brown but the offers that they said they getting are so crazy that they might have to just be like hey yeah hey Stevens really make that move and finesse back to another like competent or a contended team. You gotta put some more respect on his name and I got shit. But if he retooled this team like that after a tragic injury put him up there in rap his Brad, Brad hall of Fame already. Yeah Brad look you about to Do it bro. Brad is let JD go somewhere where he can rock though. I like J Davidson too. I just, we just don't have no room for you here. Yeah. Now if you seen J he need to come to the Pacers come Who? On everything pull up. Yeah, I'm some number that Boy average two 8.8.


They just take his stats down man. They, they, they disrespect him. Disrespect that my boy actually get to play. Man know they disrespecting his career right now because his G League stats are incredible Od. Yeah he can really hoop so I mean him coming to the pictures I, I ain't mad to nah I'm saying they need a guard, another point guard. Tyrese gonna be out. Yeah if you gonna move nim hard up or whoever you gonna play. Y'all need one more guy come hoop he can hoop. For real. It ain't gonna cost you much. I like him. How do Y feel about JB possibly being a Rocket? We talked about them having a little bit more space with, especially with the young guys. They got some assets they can move to Boston that might intrigue him. Yeah I don't know if I love JB with kd. I mean he worked well with Jason Tatum so it might, it Might work.


Work. Well who the hell you gonna, you gotta give up some shit. Yeah You gonna have to give up Jabari Smith. That's more young people. You gotta shepherd your future. They ain't gonna have. Yeah they ain't gonna have no future. Yeah man Thompson, we definitely gonna have to go on that trade for nigga. That's the first person in that church. Me Man. Thompson probably gonna have to go Jabari to picks. He probably gonna get. Yeah you probably have to give gon and Aman Thompson I'm nothing. Oh yeah we can't do that Then. Nah. Jeff Wright I need sa go and Thompson. Y'all want this. That's too much bro. Yeah I'm brand Stevens bro. He Gotta play my phone now. The boss of Celtics are going to be going back to the gym. They Have a whip on accident.


That's crazy man. But hey man, shout out to my boy Brad Stevens bro. He know how to play the game the right way for sure. Alright man. Course I see Y in the super chess said Nacho was selling O 2K last night. Knock was saving him. Damn. Damn he Lying Saying ain Sold. That's that nigga homeboy. Oh that's game. Ah wow. I dunno Him Dylan Harper in our chat tape. Shout to deal. What up gang? He in the chat. Tell my boy Boy go get you some reds. Go lay down. Got big light tonight my boy Big. We can't wait to hear your name called boy. You better not have a chain though. What he say he ain't Wearing? Nah he don't wear a jewelry nigga. Yeah you do.


Go on bow up. You in New York hit the the closest jewelry story. Yeah hit the bo The one, The one in the mall get go crazy. Get that premium Sterling silver. My boy Damn though he go to the Spurs. They that's a fire pickup. It's a whip bro. He get to play with Wendy out the gate. They hard. I gotta see how they gonna play though. I really want my boy to go to like somewhere else. I ain't gonna lie. I want him to get handed the ball immediately. Okay, Where Portland at? Like you said Portland too high. I don't know who got the the third, fourth, fifth. Let's go. We ain't trying to fuck up your money deal. Nah You know that two Is Way more money. I wish you could get traded. I wish you could be the two pick and get traded to like Philly right there.


The Hornets Utah, Washington. It's some bad pigs boy Washington. You was talking crazy though bro. So I hope you go to the Pelicans bro. No I would. I honestly I would. I hope he, I want 'em to get the two pick and get Trey to the Suns and be the point guard with Devin Booker. Yeah I like that. Yeah I Like that they hand him the ball. Let 'em play with Devin Booker. That's a fact. Okay. That'd be fire. I like that The sons tre back whatever it is. Sons get the big dude from Duke. You probably like Dylan Harper. Y'all don't shut up. I'm trying cool though. Yeah you still the number hoop pick? I'm Trying to go hoop with Wendy bro. Yeah he nah, nah nah You wanna be the starting point guard me.


You gotta play with D Aren Fox and You know kind of in San Antonio got that ritual you gotta kind of like go through the ropes a little bit. Yeah I mean it might have changed 'cause Pop ain't the coach no more but they still usually put the rookies through a little thing like everybody only Weby was the only one that played right away in Timmy. Everybody else went through a little process for sure. Gotta get it how you live. Alright man, the Blackbird raping and super chest at what's the best purchase y'all have made once you start making money everyone can answer this. Bless up. Love the pod for sure. He you wanna start that look at his neck. Nah I ain't really went too crazy yet. No Sean, we ain't made no money yet. Come on bro.


And y'all talk about me. That Was it. Is that not ill? That was Ill Why are you mentioning to him on his platform The real Diler And then you say hey y'all, I ain't laughing. Hey y'all crazy. John got a weird case. Why is he around? He gonna lie boy I put my hands around above of you. I said oh well this It okay as answer the question. Shout and consent. Answer the question. How my fuck Oh ain't we ain ain't get no money. We ain't get no money yet Nigga. I ain't made enough money to make perfect. We Ain't no hand around.


My shit can't Even lie. He can't get, we go it's his guy. Nah shit man. Hey We ain't get no money yet y'all. Yeah Once we get some. Alright Man D Bradley and the super chat said Jeff and Mo, which team would you want to go to if you're in this year's draft? It's a good question. Phoenix Sons facts. Yeah they do not have a point guard in ATL. Have a point guard. Yeah. Yeah go in there and eat day one. Get to go do it. I want ask y'all this question before we go back into super chat. What was y'all draft days like? Crib, crib, chilling Bob, both of y'all Man I won Lotto shit New York shit for the lotto. I think his draft was probably a little more stressful than mine.


I had like two guarantees so I won. I was stressed but not really. Yeah probably a little more stress especially get to that end. He like oh shit what's going on? So man I was chilling. Shout out my shirt was wet though. I was sweating like I'm on oh shirt. You know how you try to keep playing cool. Everybody like it's all right long nigga aint that shit really weird. They pick 16 people and they all waiting on you getting pick you keep not getting called. He like I'm about get the fuck up outta here. This shit getting weird. I just went up there, I was sitting with my older brother. I was really mad.


My mama invited them people there. They was gone. They was in Dallas or some shit like that. Yeah we was at a camp. Yeah. And I was really mad. I was watching that shit in the hotel. Matter of fact when he got drafted and I was mad. I'm like why y'all here? Damn for real. Yeah. I was like why did they invite these people? Like because he, he was just a weird like, like if you don't get picked Yeah you don't wanna be around these people bro. Nah, I'm like, it's weird. Y'all look Fred man Fleet documentary where he had the party and he didn't get drafted in ATL and he had to make that speech after. I was like man that's probably, that sucks to have that moment man. Yeah I'm cool bro. I don't, I'm not doing it. I'm just leaving man. You dipping? Yeah, I'm tight. I don't wanna talk. I don't want to explain nothing. I'm hot. Yeah. And Michael Jackson died on my draft day so it was all messed up.


Damn. It was dark. They like Sha door. He kept having draft parties every day. I couldn't have did that bro. Yeah Bro. Screamed Every day I would've tapped out. I'm cool. I I'm gonna be by myself. Yeah. Michael Jackson died so my whole family was in the house crying. I'm like it's the best day of his life. The best day of my life. People crying. I'm thinking they crying 'cause they just so happy that I'm about to live out my dream. They like Mike died fool. Mike done died. He playing Billy Jean. Your draft party man they playing all them songs man. Crying. My momma crying. That would made me leave. Don't cut that shit on y'all. Everybody. I'm the one told him too. I said Michael Jackson died y'all. Everybody like boy don't play like that. I'm like nah he dead. They said he died turn the TV on.


So you broke the news and messed up on man they start crying. Oh my god. Dina started crying. She started up Jackson. Oh she started playing his song singing. Why would the Lord do this right now? I don't know bro. I can't cry over a nigga. I don't know bro. I couldn't either. And I say You know what, You know, You know And I get and I understand that but I just be looking at people like damn that's you are really locked in with that person. I can't get excited when I see your person that I really watch who I can't. If I to say Mike, God I could never somebody as I been hype bro, I can't do that. Have I ever got excited when I was a kid? I could not do that. I got excited to meet one person, only person that I, I sort to, I I wasn't excited to meet Mike if I met him a bunch of times but I was excited to interview him but I was really excited like if we ever interviewed Adam Sandler, first time I fan out, I seen you get excited to see that wrestler bro.


I don't know who he was. I was not excited bro. You said who was this? What's his name? I said I ain't never because now you can see no fight hype on man. Some white dude. I don't know who he, who was he? Malcolm and Malcolm hyped to see the little dude bro. Yeah. What's his name? Horn Swagger. Horn Swagger Michael. He took a picture. Damn I got it. It was Fend Ballor. I wouldn't hype to see Fend Ballor. Yes you was. No I was just like damn that's Fenton Ballor like that's him. He said you what's the name? I said damn I ain't never seen. Well we was in that Little random party. Oh okay. Yeah You know that his shit. Yeah that is my shit. I'm a fan of wrestling. Fuck y'all all. Damn. Oh yeah Malcolm fan Dapper DDG Facts in the club. He threw said Uncle Jeff.


He said dg. I said damn. Did he say where Thes At? The club where the fells at is nasty. Oh. Be he sat me said Uncle Jeff you think we could go ask him for a pitcher? I say who? DDG. I said who was that? DDG was Left then and I know him. We didn't know he Did though. Yeah he was lit. I ain't Know him yet. I didn't know him. Sure man. Definitely Tom. I'm like you ain't just see that strong football. Who was the football player that walked in? Was it Quill Spikes? Nah, that was when I was in Atlanta trying to beat my ass. Oh yeah Qui man it was, it was a long night man. Peace and blessings. I hope everything cool now brother. Oh we'll see you bro.


You tro as hell. Listen, that was just my lady at that time. She, You know, I mean you couldn't be trying. I slide on her while I was there bro. You had to wait till I left from that van Ho. Boss said damn, I thought BI was gonna go coast Ali in Phoenix. Oh man. Nah, I'm a, I'm gonna stay in Chicago. Shout out to say too that's my favorite player though. For sure. Del Newman in Super Chat said I watch every morning from the five seventh fold. Shout out to South Bend. What's your thought on another South Bend kid? I possibly going to the NBA tonight is South Bend finally getting on the map. Hopefully Man. Where he from? West Virginia. Let's look him up. I'm not sure offhand. I don't wanna mess up where he from but man shout to 5, 7, 4. He to West Virginia.


South Bend. He went to West Virginia. Okay. He might be getting get Bucket. He might be getting drafted. Yeah, he get real buckets. Okay. Okay. 18. Yeah, he a real bucket for sure. Man, Call your name bro. We weren't Familiar with your game but I hope you get caught. Shit. I, I didn't, I I did get picked. I ain't get, I ain't tapped into college like that this year. Not too much. Might be a second round pick man. Hey, shout to jal small man. That out for You brother? Yep. Shout to South Bend for sure. Damn. Okay. Yeah I'm hype for him then. Alright man. And Jay Lucas Somali, somebody got a funny ass name on K you get Brian hit with fifth and Perfectly and Lakers can finally get the team around Luca. LeBron can finish his story and Lakers can get a second star. LeBron going back to Cleveland is nasty. Nobody wants to see that again.


I think it is his last year as a Laker. I don't know if he's gonna retire but I think it's his last year as a Laker. Yeah, I think if he ain't a Laker no more than retire. Hm. Where where he gonna go? Oh Brian is not done hooping y'all crazy no more. Where Is he going Go. Got no LeBron my favorite all time player man. But I'm, I'm tired of him man, keep it real. I don't wanna see a, a storyline of LeBron going back to Cleveland. Me either bro. I I bro, I Tired of LeBron. If he not gonna be on Lac when you ready, don't let these niggas un unleash you bro. Nah, I mean you wanna go? I'm just anywhere it is. Brian. He averaging 25 a night say at 40 around bro going. He's not, he killing, He killing him.


I want on all these teams and shit bro. Brian, this ain't no disrespect. You my favorite player bro. I Think you Grace in ATL the time but I'm tired bro. If you wanna go somewhere, yo Me the rest of your fan base bro. We tired three Bro. No they're not. Can't Play on no more teams bro. He shouldn't have played on three teams. We tired bro. The Cavs his whole career. No. Oh. He made a great move leaving the Cavs first time bro. Oh he shouldn't have bro bro. When they, when they said they wasn't gonna get a march outta Mark, they wouldn't to keep JJ sson bro. That's when I decided he deserved to leave bro. Dave was outta pocket for this. Yes bro. Come on bro. I'm tired bro. Brian play to the listen break. That record real Bro. He was but he was not a March star Martin play to you. 45, 46 bro. What? Nah bro.


Brian's listen, y'all keep saying that Brian wanna break that record the oldest nigga to ever play in the NBA bro bro. Why? I don't wanna see, don't Matter. I don't wanna see role players hooping on LeBron bro. It's gonna piss me off Every record sports. I seen somebody block his shot last year Rap and I saw Yeah bro was Mike, That's basketball. That's Who it was. It was Mike blocked his shot's. Basketball. I said Mike 40 and U 40 and you look and Mike five 10 in 2020. Mike Conley would've died trying to do that. Yeah, I don't wanna see that no more man. Shout to Brian. Respect man. IG Leader. Oh go ahead. I I watched the Morris twin try to tackle bro in a open court and he still hit a n one.


Couldn't do it. Uhuh, That's a big, that's a big dude bro. He's still getting N ones to this day. Yeah, but Mike Conley can block his shot now. Yeah, bro's still average 25 bro. He could play. Yeah, I'm Like what do we do? What we he could play bro, bro is not averaging 12 y'all That's LeBron. I just don't wanna see him back in Cleveland bro. I just don't want it ain't as, it ain't as effective as it used to be bro. I just never wanna look at LeBron like I had to look at Mike when he was with the Wizards. He ain't gonna see that. Nah. I's gonna get 25. Yeah but I wanted to, I wanted to always look easy. Yeah. Like it don't look as, it don't look as easy like I I it started to make me forget how good he was. Like sometimes I gotta go watch his highlights when he was in Cleveland in Miami. Okay. Because I always remember how old he is. Yeah but it make you forget 'cause you be watching now and then you be like get by him bro.


And then you gotta remember damn he 40 he, he can't just go by this young dude no more. Like when I see certain people switch on him, I'm like he would never like switch on it's like point guards LeBron shoot lot jumpers now. Yeah, for sure. And his game had to evolve. But shout out to Brian man. Shout to Brian man. Do what you want. You gotta do anyway bro. Legend. Alright. G and G Leader said I like Proust trade as a Hawks fan reminds me of the merge trade, bad fit plus Adrick concerns. Homan making weird moves like this since Trey arrived. Yeah. They have not gave Trey what he deserves so far. I I agree with you brother. I apologize for leaving the franchise in shambles. They ain't been right since I left. I'm sorry. Make it right man. Also shout out to Money Tone and Dojo Max sub up on the Twitch. You know what they did tap into the TCH Club five 20.


We gonna go crazy on there for show Rick 10 Super. Chad said what the nuggets gonna do with yos. They training for players and picks and f the league up. They better not trade Yo Kish. All right, go ahead get some sleep. Rick. 10. Yeah brother. They better not I am XDMV say yo's hand five 20. Y'all the pod to watch on my momma. Quick question T you played in the A What's up with the five 20 live in the A? We did a show there already but we might be, I don't know, it's up to B he if we coming back around or another PO back in the A TO with a B he. Yes. Yes sir. Yes. That is where our legit supporting base is for sure. Out there in the A. Yeah, A lot of love in the A man live show will be back in the fall. Stay tuned.


We'll keep y'all up to date for show HWTC and the super chat says win the next B experience. We try to tap in been a fan of fatigue since him and John we're head to head back in 2011. You if you in the city the this Sunday. But if you're not August 30th, most Definitely bring love this weekend. Bring you a spray fan. Yeah, for sure. Bring you a Fan. I really think boys from Atlanta. Somebody seen me the other day said, why you out here? I was like, I live here. I thought y'all was from Atlanta Bro. Much. I told y'all talk about Atlanta. Yeah. See, see how much love we get in the A bro zone. 16, You know the Vs. For sure. Alright man stop Jones and Super Chat says y'all been ducking on 2K ever since y'all Nice. We beat you by 20. Dang y'all ducking somebody.


Ducking Sniper. Oh that's my guy. That's my guy. Shout out to him. He on Hell yeah. Dwight Howard podcast Kick smart. Y'all dunk snuck on you and out. Is it true? We had a bad team that day. Okay. I ain't gonna lie. We had a bad team but running tonight. Okay we running tonight Mount. We gotta give us a five together. He beat our ass that time. I ain't gonna lie. He did. Okay. That got you out the paint? Mm You played. I don't Did you? You did play. You played his name. I Think you played. Yeah I Think you played, they was hitting all threes.


They was decent. Nah, it was a bad night. He ain. Place out had 20 for sure it was a bad night. Alright man. Shout out to Kyrie. Irv o signed that extension yesterday. Turned down the option. Got a long term deal with the mask. Three year one 19 they show love. Yes sir. Even though my boy will be out for majority of next year with the ACL injury. Man the mask locked him in. They got a hell of a squad so far. They are looking for a p PG to help. You know what I'm saying? Lead the way until he is back. See some of the names that's potentially there. You got Schroeder, you got cp, you got Lonzo also and Dlo of those point guards. She I think is the best pick for them. Yeah, CP man. Cp. Yeah. I like Dlo down there with that team. I I don't, yeah I like Dlo with that team man.


I don't know. I'm toing with that. I'm I'm gonna go with cp. I would say Lonzo but I don't know if he gonna stay healthy. Mm. Lonzo signed the extension with the Bulls though. Why? Everybody keep just like yeah he did. He signed a two year 20. Yep. Yeah. I don't know why everybody off the off the fake knee. Hey shout to the bounceback. Shout out to my boy. Yeah, I don't know this, this a hell of a roster though. This is a talented roster. Especially what they supposed to add tonight in Cooper Flag. Yeah, they got a squad for sure. That's a squad. I ain't gonna lie. Shout out to Nico boy. You, you finesse the league boy. One of my favorite means more time bro. Got you. Got rid of Luca. Stay under that second apron. Yeah boy. I know what you're doing. I don't even know if they under it but it look good.


They got a squad man. They are definitely gonna be props next, next year. That's when Rie get back that that squad kind of make you forget they trader loca a little bit. It do. It is bouncing hard. Look it ain't that bad of a trade. Once you see the roster like this man, especially with the bigs they got on the team. You got live, you got gaffer, you got ad. That is a tough run court. You gonna get Cooper flag. That's, that's what Jeff said bro. Ain't no more switching. Ain't none of that bro getting punished. Yeah, that's a fact bro. Most definitely. Alright man. The draft is tonight man. We go through some projected picks. Obviously we know it's not gonna go in this order. Some things are always gonna shake up. Let's just run through the mock draft at one. Obviously capture the flag. Cooper flag should be in Dallas at two.


Dylan Harper probably going to the Spurs. The six is a high VJ Edgecomb very, very high of him. They spoke very high of him. A lot of people are questioning that pick might be a possibility but you're not feeling that one. I think he's, I yeah I think the fourth pick is even worse. I hate him in Charlotte bro. Kind couple on that. Yeah. That's just not swag. That's Gordon. That's Gordon Hayward on that team bro. I don't like that bro. Yeah, I I'm sure the jazz will hope that he could slip to them for sure. The Sixers need to take the big from Duke, the Malo, whatever his name is. I've seen the Sixers have some reports over there. They might trade that pick back and attach it to Paul George maybe. Yeah, they need to trade that back in. He need to get him.


They need to get him because Do the Sixers need another wing? Like realistically they need a backup big bro. Yeah because obviously Jordan and B don't play right. He can come plug right in and play with the young guys. Yeah, If I'm BJ I wasn't off that situation. It is already a lot going on and they got a ton, ton of wings or that. Where should he go? That is a good question boy. Dj, he need to go to like anywhere you can go play Brother please. Pelicans Wizards. Ooh. Any of them. Some of them options is wicked for show. I mean Go to the jazz. All these teams that we talking about is wicked 'cause they suck. They all suck. So he need to go somewhere. He can go be an athlete. Yeah. Jazz be a good fit.


I don't like the sixties 'cause I, I feel, I really feel like they Young Wing Edwards is just as good as these dudes. Hornets gonna mess around and take Ace. I can see that messing it up. I I, I don't hate that either. I Melon B Mill, the Ace mess around. That's gonna be my two case squad. Let's go. Hey we I hate that too. I'm scared the clubs, the clubs are scared boy. Yeah we coming. Brandon Miller nightclub is low enough, enough to the dumbest chain baby. What's the name? Miles. Bridges? Yeah. Sharif. You know he gonna be right there. I'm telling y'all he gonna be acting like his son. My bigger boy Game.


Game shit. He can fit right over there. What Do you mean? No he don't. Miles, bridges what? Brandon Miller, Brandon, Who else? Brandon Miller? Yeah. He don't fit Bridges. We can make a move. That one through five is wicked for sure man we don't fit bro. We can make a move. Let's go back to the mock draft. Jeremy. Jeremiah fierce. Excuse me. Possibly going to the jazz. I hate Mock Fierce. I don't see that. He does not go to Got Guard bro. Yeah they don't need him. I told That. Who was looking at that? Nah, this is just somebody making it up. The Wizards Ace Bailey possibly at six. The Pelicans big man from Duke. We talk about Kamar ach? Yeah The Nets Trey Johnson. He needs to go higher though. But They got a enough two guards there too. They gotta make some moves before they get Trey Johnson.


That boy ain't gonna be able to shoot the ball. Well they got Cam more. Yeah, both the cams. Honestly the rappers is gentleman from Noah. I'm not too familiar with him but I think he's the gentleman that they were talking about. His team was in the finals in the year league. They were up to one and I believe he is skipping one of the finals games to come hoop. I mean to go to walk across the stage. I believe that's the gentleman. He outta pocket. He be catching a lot of flack for that. Yeah, outta pocket. I'm going to get Drafted. Yeah it is worth it. That's day in the chip. They was like I don't want my first round pick leaving the championship to go to the draft. I'm going to get drafted bro. Yeah About that bro. Bro I gotta be bro on me. I ain't mad at in ATL man leave your dream king. The sons Carter Bryant from Arizona is looking like what They might take the Blazers.


The kid we talk about from Illinois Yonica. Excuse me. His name is crazy. I'm trying not to mess it up but shout out to him. He had a so Illinois for sure The Bulls. Colin Murray Woo from South Carolina. He's solid though. I don't know what the bulls need. They need everything at this point. Shout out to them your hawks. Igor Denim BYU. We talked about him a a lot. That ain't, he ain't gonna make our roster. Nah that ain't gonna make the that. That's not who we gonna pick. I already got the inside school who we gunning after. Okay, respect. I'm gonna keep it quiet though. And the last is her Lisa Spurs or supposed to take Joan Burner from Nia. I can see that they, they keep international players don't mess around and be cold for no reason. First One for sure. Name Joan. He better be able to hold No girlfriends but yeah man the draft tonight will be very, very interesting.


I believe there will be some more moves being made so we'll see what takes place. But shout out to those young men who will get selected tonight man dreams come true for sure. Of course. I sit what's that cj? Cj there we go. Excuse me. Pulled up this weekend for the behead experience this weekend. Bottles of the RK and jerk on me. If you get that, Ask that your bro, it's too hot to drink that fall out. You jerk That. Come have fun. Make them booty twit. Nah spin it for sure. Zoe from DC said what's up y'all, what's the better movie super bad or Project X Super bad two fire movies but super bad For sure. I'm gonna go with Project X. Super Bad is a classic but Project X is a, it's a good movie.


It's set the tone I like, I like Project X is how my house used to be. Damn, that's crazy. Yeah. Hey that pool party was Project X bro. The pool party. I be Lying bro. No that wasn't Project X What It was close bro. Bro I woke up, I had bro we started marriages in there. I had red cups in my pool filter. This shit was burning up end night. Did y'all watch this movie? That's diner how my C was. It just Was, it was close to having a car. I had to go pick up red cups outta my neighbor's yard for like three hours. Yeah. Hey what's so crazy is Buddy really burnt the whole block up over the Ecstasy. Yeah But that was only a couple grand Bro.


Your house ended crazy but Project X was Nuts. I mean obviously it's a movie. Yeah they Crashed. They crashed the fuck out bro. Wasn't nobody on XC. Well probably it was probably X probably worse. I'm pretty sure they probably going. It Was a lot of people there that was never supposed to be there. Never. That's why I said it was Project X. Y'all know who started that shit. Y'all looking at it five 20 more When I had to the real guest when I had to get somebody out the hot tub because they was trying to crack in the hot tub. I said hey my nigga, hey it is 600 people right here bro. What? What you got going on? This Nigga invited my cousins from post road. They got me. Why are you here bitch? This is my friend house. Why are you here?


I invite all the people. Mo invited everybody in the dm. I didn't invite all the people me send out a project X text message. For sure Some of people tag along bro. Bro. When? When some of the people walked in? I said, they said who? Who the house is this. I said what? Because they said they they I'm trying to use the bath I'm trying to change. I said what? Oh no Actual niggas are changing. They swim trucks nigga right there at the pool. Nigga That Was the YMCA That day. Everybody had lices on the on the table. I'm like everybody putting they licey on the table was crazy like but that was a great night man.


It been, they all sudden nowhere the dancers came and money. I be like y'all throwing money in the pool like they can't get the money. Ah The real parties was in the driveway though. It was lit on the strip of the street parking Lot pimping. Hey that's a nice neighborhood. That's I'm saying luxury neighborhood property tax 50 k. Yeah. Fuck all y'all would never have a party. But I was all in the group email. Well There was so many section eight hos in that motherfucker. That pool bro Was filthy by the time we got out. I had asked somebody come detox the, I said, he Said you are done. They had to come shock the pool bro. I didn't have fun don't she?


How that fuck but you're done. I'm Like how did he blast this message to all these people bro? Like dang Shout project X bro. You know the vibes for show. Alright man let's go to the MLB with it for show man. Mo did you get a, You know you get a banger yesterday man they be going crazy with the baseball best secret. I start adding him man. Nah, hell no. Oh okay. Nevermind. We ain't gonna add 'em then The Raiders took care of the Orioles yesterday. Six to five. Man the Tigers took care of the athletics belt to as 11 to four first team to 50 wins. Man, shout to the Tigers holding it down so far this season the Blue Jays took care of the guardians. 10 to six. The Braves defeat the Mets again. Seven to four. The Reds took care of the Yankees yesterday. Five The four man Ellie De La Cruz man wrote clip. My boy going crazy if he ain't have a slow start he'd definitely be MVP leading candidate.


Man I'm getting crazy right here. I'm getting his jersey. You outrunning. This is crazy. That's crazy. That is crazy. You got real wheels. You outrunning that bro. What you think his 40 is probably a good four five. That's tough bro. And he playing around just kind of tossed the ball. Yeah bro. That's supposed to be a routine out bro. Shout out to my dog holding it down man. Getting the done for Show. Shout out to my D back. She took care of the White Sox. Four. The one the Brewers beat the sleeves off the Pirates yesterday. Nine to three. Mariners took care of the twins. 65. That's a really solid game. The Rays took care of the Royals. Five to one Cardinals in the Cubs.


Eight to seven. Good game as well. Astro. Shout to Phillies one Zero. The Dodgers took care of the Rockies. Nine to seven man load up the Drake. You know Tony goes yard opposite way. You know why I'm here. No man. One of the special ones for sure. That's tough. This dude on real bro. 27 of the year. Yeah he's a, I told Tony that's a robot man bro. He wanted to illustrate ever do it. For sure already. Shout out to the Angels and the Red Sox man. Crazy game. Mr. Christian Moore. Boy you had yourself a game load up to Drake boy. He wanted get by him himself first. He ties the game going yard. Damn.


Then he came back around to walk him off, You know what I'm saying? I ah Bow Third. Oh man that was crazy. I ain't mad at that boy. When you finish it, that's what you do when you finish it. That's what you do boy when you tap her leg, get her done bro. I ain't mad at that Kate. That's my, hey send me that video.


That's a tweet. Shout to Christian Wall. Yeah that's a tweet walk Off going crazy for sure. Padre took care of the matches Up Four. The three And the ball to be the giant four to two yesterday. Crazy night in MLB mail. Let's get to the w. Some real good hoops yesterday. Met a misses. Took care of the links. 68 to 64 SHA Care. Austin been on the heater. Should been going crazy with 19 to eight young Kiki looking like rookie of the year possibly with 1111. A healthy double double. A lot of Smith had 26 and five May give us some to NV Fi. She is still out battling injury as well. Man, the Scott took care of the Sparks yesterday. Yeah bro. Miller Cord, those went crazy.


27 and seven and Jaice 1817 to six. Hell of a game for her. Man she is going crazy. She's one of the few players actually the first player to get 600 and 600 rebounds in points. Man. So shout to her making history along the way. She's going, hey Twin Towers up there in Chicago. I use a guard man. Cardosa nice bro. Show they got a hell of a front court. Zora Stevens Hooped out with 21 and seven and your favorite white girl Kelsey. She is not anymore. Oh she got demoted man ain't playing well. Yes they Made me lose my damn parlay. 20 and five Sad ass Dream. Let's talk It Win yo 68, 50, 55 points I smoked bro. Whoa, whoa, whoa.


55. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Everybody healthy too. Mo whole team Brittany grinder out there sad. Whoa, whoa. In the beginning of the season. No, no, no. Well Ryan Harris showed up. She had 23 or eight but Paige Burgers had 12. Five All Star 21 and four. Most definitely Ron Howard Cole for sure. But they came up short yesterday. The fever took care of the storm yesterday. 94. That seven and seven. Hey respect this. Cece has been on a slump. She has not played with the last couple games. Oh she only went three for 13 yesterday. Still got the win. We good. That's right. You signed an Allstar like Kelsey Mitchell 26 N four. Boston got career high. 31 to eight dog in it yesterday. Sky Digs had 22 and six and E Wee had 20 as well even though they took the L Man.


For sure. Shout to e wee man. Come on hooping keep been hooping. They they giving her some Byron out there for sure. Verified Buckets be here. Who was getting to it yesterday? Anice Hell of a game. Come on down. This shit 18, 17 to six. That's a hell of a stat line. The six assist too. She was play making. I'm gonna show some love to Camilla Cordoza 27th is seven. They was going crazy yesterday. RT. Who? You got the dream 'cause we need to get healthy. Y'all verify. Don't worry about it Ron Howard, You know what I'm saying? You my favorite player right now but my favorite, favorite, favorite White girl Sabrina. Get healthy. Okay, well so move. Who you got in this Kelsey Mitchell? Man, she a killer. Come on Lefthand. James Harden the Chill. Nah is a dog.


She's A do chill and shout out to live Boston. The real. I Like that James. Hard comparison. One eight Chill. And for being here I gotta show some love to Christian Moore. Boy you went crazy yesterday. Yes. Coronado points to your team with the walk off. You know the vibes. Alright man V and the super Chest says y'all see Nike bring back this see through Air Forces which his weakest show of all time y'all pins Those. Yeah. As a person who had every shoe in that fantastic four pack. Except those we are too old to be seeing your feet in your shoes. Those and Melissa's for the girls. Mm And they don't need to bring those back in. ATL. Yeah, Melissa's and Jersey dresses is what we had to grow up looking at because we the worst dressed era we were. Y'all were, Y'all had a little bit of a relief back. Y had little bit. Y'all had rock too though.


Y'all did but it it started getting mad towards the end. Yeah Bro. I had a six x and I weighed 1 48. Yeah bro we was, we was purposely going to buy four four for 20 a champs bro outta our weight class bro. Five we used did not by largest and shit like that. Yeah. There's no reason why we need to talk to you bro. Who wear tall tees Too? I was wearing, I was a middle schooler. Niggas wearing big old jeans bro. It it was different Bro. If you didn't have that sticker in your tall tee, bro wasn't official bro. You lame bro. Yeah bro. You took the sticker off. You was lame. Oh I was lame. I never stick. That was crazy. Never kept a sticker. Nah, stickers outta pocket bro. I used to laugh and needed a stick already. Seven X. Oh bro. Nigga I'm not at summer camp. We laying tag stick on my shirt Of people keeping the StockX tag on their shoes now.


Lame. That's L lame. All that was lame. It was lame But you had to do it. Never. Never. What time For sure. Listen man, we appreciate y'all man. Hey go tap into the YouTube man. We got a lot of dope content up man. Shout out to young draftees man. Loves to them man. Can't wait to see where they go for show. Shout out to the, I'm sorry. Check us out on Twitch. Oh okay. Yeah. Shout out to the Twitch Club. Five 20 Tap in. Our boys on there going crazy. Tap in. We had some people Get Well Soon. Oh we had some Get Well Soon. The AI place Heart. Oh Okay. Yes, the yes.


When they push the button we won't save y'all. What's next? Oh my boy Ben Back. Oh Yeah we back baby Like word and Ain't real off season till Ben Simmons in the last turn. Me Up. What with the cut off? Yes sir. Yeah. Real Bucky Simmons in the jail. Ben Simmons. Come to that bro. We need you on the S Scooty bro. Get it. Come On bro. Back up Big I'm He Said you can't shoot Ben who can't shoot. He said This is good jam work. I can't wait bro. Why is he working on this man? Because this is what I'm doing next year. I told y'all The real is back This year is his year.


He does this every this. It's not a real off season until we see a bsm of the laugh bro. Raw boy freaky Ben before because he doesn't lose none of this shit. You bro Is Yeah, we lit. He out to Ben Simmons, man. He is Y looking good Ben. I don't give a fuck what they talking about. This the same Jim Brown Browns just working on this. Yeah, yeah. Everybody. Chris Ley, You know, shout to Chris man. For sure man. One time for Boots Smoke. We know the V 25 Crazy Nationwide. Tap in Unlimit talk text data. We appreciate y'all. We will see y'all tomorrow morning, five 20 in the Morning. Check us out on Twitch and Patreon.


Y'all, y'all the volume


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree? Change the formula for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes. Its per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is an iHeart podcast.