
Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby, sport, or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered, like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon, Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon? Music, music to podcast fast shipping? What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime fuels. Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


Now


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


You know you've gotta comeback in you. When you take the next step, you're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of. With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock elite gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gin Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo, The Volume.


Oh, very good morning. Happy Tuesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date. Everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left. My brother Bishop Hendrick. To my right, my brother Teague Fellas, good morning. How y'all doing? What's happen brother? What up though man? How you feeling this morning man? Feeling like a chant. I don't know why y'all even question that kind of stuff man. When I tell y'all who to bet for what to do man, y'all should just listen. I don't really miss for real. I ain't missed in a minute though. Pop your shit then. That was a good game. Y'all said Houston was gonna win last night I took Detroit. Mm That all Good. That was a good game yesterday for sure.


Man it got spooky That second half. Yeah, it got spooky. They, they was making a comeback but the Ohio State too good. The freshman, the receiver. He, he silly Jeremiah, listen man, JE Ohio State, they got the W best that gets Notre Dame. We thought the first half was going to be a whole belt to ass situation. It was looking real spooky At halftime Crediton Notre Dame, they fought back, you know what I'm saying? They tried to figure it out for sure in the second half. But They fucked up letting them score out the gate though in the second half. That kind of fucked it up a little bit. But I mean It is what it is. Shout out to Old State. That was a hell of a win for sure. I mean shit, it was late though. I thought we was gonna really get on him. I thought it was gonna be a dub shout out to Notre Dame.


They made it a game. Made it entertaining for the fans. I knew we wasn't gonna lose, but most definitely, it's all good. Listen man, you gotta show some respect man. Jeremiah Smith, is he the best wide receiver in Ohio State history already? No. Marvin Harrison is true Elite. He got, he gotta run another year. Do it again. It might be in the talks bro. Yeah, he mm Is that's the same thing y'all try to do with Jay Daniels already? Nah, he, he, he got, he's the best freshman receiver they ever had. Okay, I'll take that. Not the best receiver. He gotta do it but he got two more years. Yeah, I think that rule sucks for him too because I think he ready to go to the NFL.


Yeah, he's ready now. Yeah, but he gotta stay two more years just to go to Jamar Chase route play one more year then sit it out. Just get ready for the league. You already got a chip for this university? Nah, nah. That's hard to go to Jamar Chase route. I mean he's stay The course. Do your thing Bro. Plus you get NIL money so Yeah, do your thing. Fair enough. Why would I sit Out there? Yeah, don't don't fuck the back up. Yeah, do your thing. This price just went up. He was probably at 1.5. He probably worth three now. Oh yeah. He can get whatever he wanted this point. Yeah for sure. Listen, we talked about it. They spent about 20 million NIO. Is that worth it? It was worth it bro. Is that worth it? It paid off.


They got it. Shit. Them boosters, they got it. They ain't fucked up about that at all. The champ Is here now. Does this set the precedent going forward? Everybody gonna start upping them purses now? Yeah, everybody can't afford it. Yeah, I mean they can. A lot of teams can't afford it but I don't think they will 'cause it's a lot of pressure. You see they was trying to get my boy out of there after we lost to Michigan. Yeah. They was trying to get around there about to paint. We got death threats, all type of stuff. We spent all this money we losing to Michigan. You know he stayed the course, kept it solid and we got a chip Now I don't know what they gonna say if I'm him. I'm like yeah lemme move the fuck on. I dip. I did. I'm gonna go somewhere else a little more friendly.


Kaw Leonard. Yeah, That's crazy. Yeah, like you said, the way they treated him, you know what I'm saying? Like he ain't having a good season that he did come up short to some of the games they care about. I eat the Michigan games but I got y'all what y'all want. I'm gonna go somewhere where it's less pressure gonna God bro. Let me go ahead. Somebody else will pay me a pay. Gimme a nice payday. Yeah, for sure. To try to update price. But I ain't got that same pressure. I'm cool with that man. We talked about it in the off season. You think we talked about the Alabama situation. We're replacing Nick Saban. Do you think the Ohio State's probably one of the biggest pressures to win at or is there other schools ahead of that? It's, it is huge pressure to win Ohio State, Alabama. I think Alabama more than Ohio State. I mean they, yeah, it's neck and neck though.


Okay. I think it's pressure to, it ain't that it's pressure to win at Notre Dame but I think Notre Dame, they so used to losing that. They probably happy with just making it to the chip. Like if we would've won, we had a great year. They're like that. We had a great year though. They Did have a good ass year. They did. I mean bro, at one point they lost to what? Northern Illinois? Southern Illinois. Like they thought shit was wicked. So for them to have only lost until last night respected them For sure. Yeah. And especially with the new college playoff, like they had to play multiple games to get here it. Well like previous times we maybe had play one or two or they had to play a couple games to get there. So I gotta show some respect for sure man. Look who we ran through Ohio State. Think about it. We beat a Texas team that was a really good team, a really good team. We Oregon team that was a really good team.


And the Tennessee team that was supposed to be deal. So I mean we had the hardest bro had the hardest road to the chip man. We made it look easy. I was gonna say, is this one of the hardest national championships to acquire? Of course. Of course. Because you had to play more games. Yeah, we had to play more games and look at the teams we ran through. Nah. Yeah. This remind me when Dirk won his chip who we had Run through when he went through murder Israel in the west? Yeah. Yeah. Ah yeah. Them they on the same lines. Yeah. Dang. That's kind of crazy. You think about it like you said that Texas team very, very promising Oregon man that sucks to be Oregon. They had a hell of a season man. Number one. They was the O number one overall team. We had to go through them by old rules. They would've just played the national championship off the strength. Yeah we beat they ass. Damn. That's crazy man.


But they got the purse too. They talking about opening it up and we talking about like BYU maybe unsuspected school of some, but I think next year it, it shows you can go pay for a championship. Yeah. I don't think BYU gonna get that mug next year but Oh no, I'm saying like teams like Oregon and stuff feel nice. Like hey person's open. Oh he said get up to up to Annie. Yeah, up to Annie at Oregon. Man, that football kind of hard though bro. Everybody got a jail. I mean basketball too. But don't go spend a crazy bag bro. Y'all be garbage. Yeah, there's still ego at the end of the day. I don't Know. He spent a lot of money and y'all lose like they was going to kill dude if they left.


Nah, Notre Dame would've came back and won that game last night. Oh Ryan Day bro. Oh his house. Witness protection bro. Yeah, his house would've been on fire. That's over fire bro. I start getting nervous for him like when they start making that comeback, I'm like somebody make a play. It ain't for me, it's for him. Shit. Got Bro the play. Nah, when he, they scored that test down for I said all damn man, when we got to that third, that third down and he made that play when Smith caught that ball. Man I was praying for it. I said please don't drop it. I seen too many drops man. Jeremiah Smith one on one. That's tough. That was the choice for sure. That was aau. Yeah, I thought he was gonna overthrow him though because Howard, he okay as a quarterback.


I don't think we'll see him playing on Sundays. Nah, I mean he'd probably be a backup for somebody or something. But that's the best job in the world. Backup quarterback. Yeah, but he can't, he's not really that accurate. Nah bro. I mean he was good enough to win the chip but yeah, he had one of the best wide receiver prospects of all time too. Yeah. Like he ain't really that two great runback. Shout out to old boy who transferred there went the C went got a chip? Yeah, from Ole Miss. Yes sir. Yeah. I'm like he cool. He ain't, he ain't like that. Would you rather be a backup quarterback or a backup kicker? Oh, backup Quarterback backup quarter. Get more chicken money. Oh same money. Same money. Ooh backup quarterback. Quarterback. Because I know I ain't getting in. Yeah, I'll be the backup kicker bro. Shit, you might get in motherfucker get the mess.


I be hot Vander jack. Yeah. Or you? You one Roughing The kicker away from having to play bro. Yeah. Backup quarterback if you come to eat trash, they're like well damn. That's why nigga the backup. Oh God your job is only to kick so if your leg ain't working now you don't have a job at All. But I am the backup kicker though. Alright. Backup quarterback or the placeholder? That be the backup quarter. Same price. Y'all gonna say be the backup quarterback. If it's the same price, I'm still back up quarterback Bro. Y tweaking bro. I'm holding that motherfucker football like No I ain't because you fuck up that snap on a kick. Alright, look at Tony Romo The finger solid bro. Let's, well This is Moving On that, that can't be plan A.


That can't be plan A Can't On the back of the bus Moving along. So we talking about high school eighth grade. Okay that was Which quarterback? That was the go-to play. Come On man. Stop playing Football man. Also, before we got op, did y'all see the girl who crashed the cart? Slack. Oh God you Had to that you had to check it out y'all. Wow man did y'all see the lady who crashed the cart? Ryan? Who did what to put that bitch in reverse. She crash, put in reverse here.


She crashed Her car to reverse. She was trying to pull out to the ceremony bro. She ran straight to the wall. It was crazy. I gotta look it up. Hey it was shitty. I like Hey I gotta look it up. Why did Though y'all Wow man some great buckets took place yesterday on MLK Day for sure man. Jaylen Bruster, Rick crazy yesterday had 34 as Knick took care of your hawks yesterday. Man As said he had 34 and six Mikhail Bridges went crazy with 26 and four but Tre Young was killing as well as he normally does. He had 27 and six all man the Knicks man they going through some things right now but they still looking like they can do it man. Especially when you get contributions for them like that. Kat only had 13 yesterday. OJ and OMI only had eight and Josh shot only had 14.


I think y'all more or less smoked that game yesterday more or less than they won. To be realistic as well. I guess you could say that. But I ain't gonna discredit what Jalen Bronson did, he played well. Yeah, I mean we just didn't have nobody really play well. I mean Jalen Johnson, I been giving him so much love. It wasn't a be a really good game for him. I mean he rebound the ball well but we need a more scoring punch from him and when he doesn't play well it's gonna be a tough out for us. Like you said the other day on the pod, like Jalen Johnson has to average 20 or whatever for us to win and he has to play. Well most definitely de hooped out yesterday as well. Yeah, I mean I expect that from him. Yeah for sure. But I would say realistically that third quarter when Brunson and Bridges went crazy, I think they had a majority of their points in that stretch.


I'll see with a game change. But hey man Tre Young play against the Knicks bro. He hoop out, he put on a show for sure. Yeah that's why I love to see his play him in the playoffs. Yeah that be fine. I know what Tre gonna do and I believe in Tre Young. I mean he gon, he got him up last night, got quite a few attempts, a eight for 22, which isn't the best but he had to be aggressive 'cause nobody else really had it going besides Dion. Yeah, I ain't mad at that at all man. That's what he supposed to do on that team. What's an Impressive win for Kat to only be five for 18 and they still win? Yeah, five 18 is crazy. Teams gotta start playing man. The bitch dope bro. Shit like that bro. Just let them niggas sit down bro. I ain't Hooper bro. Sit me down bro. Down bro. Yeah, Cameron Payne 12 minutes.


Andrew Shiman played. Nah, Nah bro. Sit me Down Fresh. Just played 16 McBride played 2027 Ain't bad for Miles. Bridgers. That's decent Bro. Nigga that was a great day for him. Yeah that's, that's a day. That's a, I like that. And he was hooping too. Yeah, 38 that's that's cool for Brunson. 36 for KA is cool. Well OG didn't get no days off. Yeah, 37 for Josh. Har that's a light day for Josh. Har usually to play 46. OG got a different lineage OG playing 40, that's kind of, that's tough. Damn tips was MK they too bro. Nah yeah Not the NBA bro. Nah, they don't care. They like yeah we gonna put on the show today for sure.


Man that was a really good game yesterday though. It's plenty of them for sure. I mean y'all have won outta the last four Three. You think y'all all right going for it for the rest of the season. I think y'all gonna be, I think y'all gonna surprise a lot of people man. Yeah we a sleeper team. I think we could surprise a lot of people. I don't think you wanna play us in the playoffs because we don't have nothing to lose. Like we playing with house money, nobody really expect anything from us. We got one star really. We know we got capable players but everybody know the Hawks for Tray Young right now. Jalen Johnson his first year of really breaking out. I mean he had a solid league year last year but now he's starting to get All Star. You know people started talking about him in that category so we really ain't had a breakout breakout star besides Trey. So I think we like a surprise team.


Kind of like the Pacers last year, you know people didn't wanna play them once they got rolling. I think that's the same thing for the Hawks. I mean obviously it's a long way to go but if the season ended today y'all would have the Knicks and we would have the bucks. That would be a crazy first round matchup. Yeah, them was. Them was. Yeah. Damn y'all be out the first round. Who? Who we put out last year. Oh my bad. I don't think y'all gonna put them out this year. All we back don't even worry about it. Nah, they back. They better go get the trade. They better go get Zach Levine if they stay as is they hooping as is they killing it? So are we. Oh nah. I don't know bro. I don't think y'all wanna see them. Nah, I'm still scared of Damien Lil. I ain't gonna hold it. We beat them in real last year. Which y'all beat them with without Yanas last year, right. And Damon memory. Oh yeah. I'm about to say yeah. Leave the bucks to get out to Milwaukee.


Show some love.


The NFL playoffs kickoff this weekend and the action is always hitting up on the field at the Draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL All new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draft King sports book. Download the app today and use promo code club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits if you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of Doors for us. Just This overall sense of community of the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Oh it's such a clutch off season pickup. Dave. I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. I meant those blackout motorized shades blinds.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it was easy. I installed these and then got some from my mom. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install Hall of Fame sun. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. blinds.com is the goat. Go to blinds.com for 40% offsite wide blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Hey man, your t Wolves. Hey we gotta have a talk draft King. What happened? Mike got a call him today. Ja wasn't on the report. He wasn't on the ticket slip yesterday. He wasn't? You didn't get the official report at one 30? Nah. Yeah he wasn't on my ticket slip when I woke up. Oh well who? So I really thought he wasn't playing Well he damn sure was in the game yesterday. But that was A good game though for Sure. That came back in the fourth quarter. Beat him 1 0 8 to 1 0 6. Yeah. And man Jerry Jackson Jr. Man we put some smaller his name early. He been hooping this year. Had 15 in the fourth. Yesterday 24 and 11. Desmond Bain had 22. Ja had 19 and seven A was hooping yesterday with 32 and Nas re had 29 and eight. Let's not, let's not forget about my boy Rob.


Hey shout to Rob Ham getting minutes man. Man he came in, he put on a show. I think he had 15. My boy played well man. I told him it was opportunity was gonna come and he been hooping. Man I love Triple JI just wanted to rebound. That's all. So 11 rebounds? Hell yeah. They need you to do that bro. That's A great night for triple. Yeah. On a rebounder. He don't ever get bored. Yeah. So nah he don't but shout to him. Yeah, he been attack Theas recently. I'm glad you brought that up man. Last couple games he be getting some tig man been looking good. Yeah. You see age showing him love in the interview as well. Yeah. That's good to see man. He need that, that support. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That For his confidence. Yeah. But just to be one of those guys who never, we talked about it before when you've never not been the guy, it's so tough to come into a league and sit the bench.


Yeah. Like your whole life, you've been the best player on the floor or you've been one of the guys you started, everything was revolved around you. Even when he is at Kentucky count the bench. But when he came in get ball to get a ball to Rob. Yeah. And now you don't even get in in games. I know that could be tough on you. I mean I experienced that. I know a couple other people have too. So for him to get a chance and he making the most of it. I mean getting 15 off the bench, giving him productive minutes and limited time too. Very limited. Yeah. So for him to do what he is doing, that's fine. He gonna be all right. Yeah, we'll see more minutes from him. 'cause obviously Devin chins out. Yeah. Unfortunately with an injury. So like you said NBA, he'd be like dang you don't wanna see nobody get hurt. But it's all like, all right well shoot, you know my time shine now.


Yeah, time. Yeah. Listen, next man up mentality always. But you always gotta see Zoom moments. You never know when they gonna come back. So for him to play well when he getting his chance, that's what's up. For sure man Grizzlies, they standfast this year man. They always find a way to win these games. You think they may lose, like I said, with a late surge in the fourth quarter to get that win. You think that someday can carry to the playoffs? Maybe Shout out to my boy Desmond. Bang. He's, he's consistent but they need most definitely, they need everybody to, you know what I mean, make a run. Okay. They had another team that if somebody injured outta their main core it could get spooky. So as long as everybody healthy, like they a good team, they can make some shit shake. They Finally making threes this year.


Yeah man they was sold I, that's what I used to hate about the Grizzlies last year. They ain't shoot threes and I mean I'm not a guy who wants to watch people check up a bunch of threes but Jaron Jackson Jr used to be like their high Tim three guy besides Bain. Yeah obviously Bain was hurt or whatever, but now they got other guys making shots too. Even Josh shoots a couple threes a game now and it start it's like good to see that made the offense a little more dynamic. Yeah, that's interesting you say that. I look, they were talking about yesterday on inside of the NBA, they was like in the last 13 years, outside of this year, they're always in the bottom half of like threes. Yeah. First tidbit and now like this year I believe you're top 10 so. Oh for real. Yeah. It makes a hell of a difference just looking at the game. I was like boy they don't never used to shoot no threes mean.


Yeah you look at look Nar, you look at De Van, even the young boy Jay like even Zach I take a couple. Yeah, yeah. Which is, I know Purdue probably like what the hell? But it's good to see though. I mean I know the game. Everybody talk about how many threes people taking this year and making the game look bad or whatever it is. But just for spacing purposes they have to like shoot threes with Ja being able to get to the rim like he can, you gotta have some threats happen from perimeter. Yeah. You can't keep asking him to go through and park the red see every time. Nah, this shit easy. Nah. Especially as he getting older For sure. Yeah. Facts for your simple woods man has it. The JR experiment has it failed For now? For now? You still optimistic about this? I'm cool bro. They'll be all right.


Okay. Like if not, if they ain't jailing in the locker room, you know what I mean, send him somewhere else. What I mean know what I'm saying But outside of that they are. I think we knew from the beginning. I remember, I remember you called 'em Shaq and Kobe. I don't know why you ever said that. Yeah but We knew NBA court side. I knew that wasn't going work well. Yeah like the way they play he just doesn't space the floor. Kat was a guy that spaced the floor, he shot threes. He is a dynamic perimeter. Kat's obviously a way better player and Julius Randall's a good player but Kat is short know Kat's light years Better. Yeah Kat's a better player and he shoots the ball way better than Julius Randall Facts. So I knew that dynamic with him and Rudy Gobert just wasn't gonna mix.


Now when you watch Na Reid and Rudy Gober at the same time, you can tell it's kind of like a cat and go bear dynamic because if Nas can shoot the ball he kind of play on a perimeter a little better. He move the ball quicker. Julius Randall's what you call a ball stopper when he get it, the ball stops. Like he holding that motherfucker. He trying to iceo you. He trying to do a couple moves. He can't score. He jump in the air and throw it back out and like that's his shit. His bailout don't like Hall of Fame 'cause he do that all the time. But Alright. You going crazy. He don't Do that. Nah you nah you just, you just had a crazy little spiel on JR. I I, I was going with you but you kind of went off bailout. His bailout is on Hall of Fame. He just breaking down the game. When you watch, when you watch him play bro, he go to the basket all the time and he'll start double clutching in the air and he'll just fire it back out if he don't got nothing.


But it'd be working too. Yeah it'd be working or he'll like throw it at the backboard and try to Moses Maloney and get it back. But like that just don't fit with the timber wheels be doing. And yesterday too for 13. Yeah that is not the vibes at All. Yeah that's not acceptable. That's not acceptable For sure man. We'll see further. Listen on MLK day they got out there and wasted their time. The Warriors could have stayed at home yesterday for the way that they got they ass whooped yesterday by the Celtics. Couldn't believe I had that game on. What was the score of that game? It got 40 ball bro. Bro it got so bad like I don't even think nobody played in the quarter 1 25. They fuck this is how you know he was getting that ass beat at one point in fourth quarter. They had three centers on the court. The Warriors did. I mean the Boston Celtics did.


They had the big African kid or French kid. I don't even know what he is. Respect Big head band. They had Tillman and they had Luke. What's the, what's the Cater? Yeah they had him. They had him, they had Luke Cornett and they had Xavier Tillman. Damn. And then they had Jordan Walsh at the two and then No they had Springer was his name. Yeah Springer at the point. And did they put it 55 and he started hooping? Yeah And they took Luke cord and put 55 in. I said this shit is getting wicked. They was out to just try shit on the watch. I said they got three sinners in the game. Yeah. Shout out to Tatum too for ignoring Steve and them two other the game. Nah, he dapped him up. There's no words bro for You bro.


He dapped him up. Nah, there's nothing to say bro. He dapped him up. He dapped Him up. Shout to Jaylen Brown too bro. What you do? You odd bro. They talking to Steph Curry you know you know when a nigga trying to talk to somebody he's sitting there like all right I'm gonna just leave y'all ain't fucking with me. That's what Steve Kerr did. Oh they was, he was trying to holler at him. They like Man watch out my nigga Boo. Yeah He ain't fucking with you. Yeah Okay. A shout to them man. Go ahead and give you a political Man. I seen him. I seen him Dappy Muck Probably all. Yeah he gave him part my Left. What you say when you see what's the name in the club, what you do? Oh Just give him my hand.


Nah, that's a ass whooping dog. What's Up? Where was Draymond at and watch the game On the bench. Chilling had his B had the buffs on You full of shit. He Went part his lost loss. Dude they got 40 ball yesterday. Fire everybody man. Nah it's just a part of it Though. I mean you gonna have games like that but for national TV games you don't wanna see that. But I just think the Warriors, I don't know I I heard Kenny Smith say something yesterday that was kind of interesting. He was kind of like they should blow it up and go young because Steph is a guy that can play with young guys because what Steph does well is shooting the ball and that translate right to young guys.


You can get a whole bunch of young guys who wanna play hard and you can be a veteran. Kind of like Reggie Miller. Remember when Reggie got older that's they started getting Jermaine and all these young killers and Reggie still was blending in 'cause he could shoot. That's kind of how Steph Curry gonna have to start progressing. You know what I mean? They gonna get a bunch of young killers they can and Steph can still be that guy that can lead them but it gonna be a knockdown three point shooter. So this need to be the last year of the Warriors. I yeah I mean they just need to go young and Steph ask Steph if he wanna be a part of it but they can still get young pieces that could be good. Like they can get Lori Marketing who's a good player. They for sure can, they can still get some quality people on that team. Yeah and it's still Steph.


Yeah they still Steph but like going to get Jimmy Butler or somebody that just don't make sense no more. I just had to think 'cause I was thinking about like what are they gonna do with Draymond and them though because there ain't really nobody else really to get rid of for real. I mean you could trade Draymond, Gary Peyton wig, you gotta get off them big contracts. Who you who you want back for them. You just get some young, young talented dudes. You on picks, you get Marketing. Oh y'all niggas is harsh. Go get LOR marketing. Nah bro y Fuck lawyer marketing They young you but I don't Want trade all three of them for no damn picks bro. I'm saying picks because if you wanna go get a lower marketing you gonna need that. Unless they trying to do like some salary cut type shape, you gonna need multiple first round picks to go just saying go get some to happen.


Some young people that you, you gotta have a, this is where you got your franchise, your organization gotta have some people that can spot young talent. That's what Miami do. Great. Spurs do a pretty good job at it. You gotta have some guys who can go spot talent that they think is going to develop to stars. Mm. And you gotta take a chance. I mean the Warriors, they don't really, they haven't really spotted great talent. I mean they drafted Jordan pool like and they drafted Clay and they got lucky with Clay and Steph and Draymond. Right. Yeah. Trace ain't a bad addition. Trace Is a good addition. I'll give you that but pick a lot of their other guys didn't develop really. Like I see what you're saying. You know Iceman, Moody, Wiseman, some of these other guys that they picked, they supposed to be like take over the franchise.


I don't think they developed like they thought they would. Nah you right. So they gotta go spot some people. They don't even feel that way about Jonathan. So yeah they question about paying him so yeah Bob Myers ain't walking through that door. They better figure it out. They got lucky with trades like getting kd. Oh for sure Than signing some those veteran guys like even before they really got going like having a Jerry Jack and then like Sean Livingston and like getting Eagle Diala and all these Oh discounts. Yeah. Yeah they got lucky in those situations. They league was so raw for the Warriors And then gave them a gift when I when they got rid of 'em unfortunately. Yeah like that's what I'm saying. Stuff like that. They been fortunate to be in them situations for sure. But facts some guy changed man. Steph don't deserve to do this no more and like he said he been hitting towards the end. He don't deserve no season for that for sure.


They gotta figure that out. Another be to add situation yesterday the calf took care of the sons yesterday won 18 to 92. Man the game was close but then it got wicked. Donvan Mitchell went crazy yesterday. He had 33 and five DG was hooping yesterday. He had 16 K was still doing this thing. He had 23 and seven and Debunk only had 15 yesterday. Brad Bill was in single digits of scoring yesterday. I wanna say the sons y'all think they gave up? Is it over with? It just vibes, Digit vibes bro. Yeah I just, Vibes Doublet was in the game. Oh that I ain't see him do that yesterday. Yeah we got you. Oh Doublet that was raw Double T in the game.


Okay. Yeah bro Bro TT 13 shout out to him. He really a Cavs legend. They might have to retire this shit. Fuck bro. He was in a, he been in a Cavs longer than LeBron. Damn. Put it outside the arena though. Off the court At the front door? Yeah, off the court. Yeah. You don't think you good? He damning with the Cavs longer Than bro. You're not retiring TT thirteens jersey. How Long you been with the Cavs? Probably like 12 Years. It don't matter bro. He'll be there as, as long as Kevin will. He left the calves. I wouldn't give a fuck. Yeah we gotta, we gotta draw the line. It's so hard to get a nigga Jersey retired. We gotta wait a year to see New Road shit going to Rafters. Yeah we ain't gonna be talking about TC 13 Jersey getting put up today Off the strip.


They gotta put him, they gotta put him up there the bro Bro. Bro bro. He is the longest tenured Cal ever. Hell ain't no way bro. I don't believe that. I think he was longer there for longer than what was the Alki? I don't think he was longer there. It May not have Brozo was there for and he got an Allstar game too. Oh TT would never but he got the real Allstar game. Yeah he the real, we was talking about baby mamas. Nah, nope. Oh nope. I'm trying to think where he Right. Elite, elite, elite. But I ain't, speaking of, I'm just saying you made great selections in life. Shout out to CT 1336 and six.


Best record of NBA man we still holding on. They can do something in the playoffs. Oh them y'all niggas. Oh the cast. Yeah. Yeah they got, they right there in the hunt for a championship. I mean damn they rolling like 36 and six bro. That's a, I'm a believer you that mean you got a good team. Champ Championship is crazy bro. I mean shit look you, they in the east the only team they gotta be the Celtics. You right about that. I mean and the Celtics is obviously they're dynamic. They wouldn't meet them to the Eastern conference finals with everything going how it is right here. Yeah it you Right. I'm tripping And I think, I don't know bro if they but if they got deal with the bucks, that ain't easy either. I ain't saying it is easy, but I'm just saying I think that's a confident group over there.


Yeah, I think they believe like when people walk into Cleveland, I think people feel like they gonna lose like they 21 and two at the crib. That is crazy bro. Like, you know what I mean? I don't that's some LeBron shit. You got Hall of Famers walking in there getting dubbed. Yeah. Every night. Like they just beat the sons by 20. Oh you ain't lying bro. I, I think they just a confident group. I think they believe that's, that's all it really take though. They remind me of that Warriors team that same year once the Stephan on first one


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is it Your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for Us. Just this overall sense of community of values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight the debit card and money app for families with Green Greenlight. You can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Like we was kind of like we all was like damn they balling but it's like hmm they probably gonna lose LeBron. You know what I mean? Like we gonna lose to somebody. I called that. Yeah and then they did it. But I'm not saying they got the same level of power or whatever. Like Celtics still the team, the beating the east 'cause they the reigning champs and we know they could turn it on. Playoffs is just different smoke though bro. Yeah, but I ain't really think they ducking. I don't see 'em ducking. I don't think they ducking either. But DJ said the books Ah that is a, that's a hell of a match up. Yeah they rolling though. The thing Is I like though they match up kinda well with the Celtic, I mean with the Bucks. Mm. Like I ain't saying they could stop Giannis but got got no bodies.


Evan Mobley, they got no bodies. Ain't really ducking Giannis. Nah they ain't Ducking. Nah, He might have to get in his package too. He might. This and the thing that they got that the Bucks is kind of missing. They got two guards that can get after it right now and Chris Middleton's like depending how he recovers. Yeah, yeah that's True. Donovan can get hot or Darius can get hot. We know what Dame can do but it's like a one-two punch right now with the books until Chris come around. Scary thing about them too is Donovan been having like, I ain't gonna say bad games but just not like him scoring all these games under 20 and they still been clapping niggas so. Yeah. Yeah he had like a a mediocre five six game stretch by his standards and they still was pulling out big victories against big teams.


Absolutely. As long as they don't play the Thunder, they cool. That's the only team that Yeah the Thunder play Thunder. They see Christmas when they see them It's over with for sure. Man. Shout to the Cav some more games with took place yesterday. The Hornets beat the match yesterday. One 10 to 1 0 5 Hornet's first. Third three game win streak of the season. Man. You know what it is? The mellow ball had 23 9 and seven miles. Bridges had 23 and five. Kyrie was hooping yesterday with 33 and four. Dale Gaffer went nuts yesterday. He had 31 15 and seven blocks. He was fucking hooping yesterday. He look like a man that's happy he about to get traded. He is a special piece for them though. Yeah, That's so special because they got him on a trading block. I'm just saying for his own, like if They Trade his own right, they might oughta be out of pocket letting him go.


Yeah, They, I don't think they should trade him but if he do get traded, I, I would love to see him. Where would y'all like to see him? I think he's a, he could change a team. Hell yeah, he Somewhere out east. He Go to a contender. Yeah. That's a different, that's a hell of a big have. Even if you bring him off the bench bro. See him out east. Shit those top teams don't need him. Oh Go to the Hawks. Fuck it. Nah, we we use him. I need him but we got big O off the bench. Oh boy. He's starting now. I mean yeah you know Clint, whatever. Always say Clint the starter bro. I definitely Respect Pistons could use him too. Shit. Yeah, after Big O had 21 and 20 it was pretty much changing of the guard at that point.


Like yeah you let's go ahead and get 2020 is time to get. Yeah come on, come on. Yeah, come on man. What we doing? Didn't he with Melo in high school too? Yep. He was on that Chino Hills team but go to the west man. He could help somebody in the west. It probably would be shit the Lakers. Nah, don't send him to die. He said don't send him to die. I'm trying to think of what teams up there that would need him. The likers sys is cool at the big position. They don't need any, the son definitely coulda used them but they just, they just traded for Nick Richards. Yeah. Everybody else is quiet out west. The Warriors Warrior need a Big, that ain't bad.


Who up? Pause. Could you go up top please? I'm trying to see the Rockets Could use them. That's crazy. Nah, off the bench. I'll fuck with that. Hell no they could you right dj? Yeah off the bench. He'll go crazy for that team. Yeah but nah it's hold on Gun get too many minutes bro. Yeah. Yeah but shit, that's their story big. But if they gonna have to go crazy go like a Grizzlys team where they gonna have to deal with a Thunder team bro. They're gonna have to have another big to deal with one of them order the nuggets. I feel you though. Order the Nuggets Clippers We could use them. Him and the Nugget that would work too. 'cause joke is play that hollow shit. That might be dangerous. No I'm saying they need him for nuggets. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. They gonna need a big because Clips Clip Clippers are definitely using Him and James Harden pick a roll for sure after Beck come out.


Yeah, I'm rolling. Shout to to the Clippers. Shout to the Hornets man. Go crazy. Pistons beat the Rockets yesterday. 1 0 7 96. Really, really good game. Yesterday K Cunningham was crazy as usual. 32, 9 and seven. Jay Lagree had 19 and four damn book game yesterday. He took over in the third quarter. K proved Yeah he had like 19 and third something like that. Yeah, yeah. K Cunningham was you was a, you started off the year talking about K Cunningham but I'm gonna finish off the year talking about K cut him because bro, he really nice. Like I told you, when I watch him play, he play at his own pace. He do. He make it tough on a defender bro. Him and Shaa Gil as Alexander, they, I'm not gonna say they're the same player but they got this same kind of, they hoop The same though.


Yeah. They got this ability where it look like they not playing hard. Yeah but you can't stop 'em. Nah bro. Whole hell Slow it make you go to the gym and be like how the fuck is that move working? Yeah. And then you do it and it don't work. I'm like Niggas deals is different. Yeah. They no more vc. They got way more VC than me because God Lee they be walking shit down to it man. Like yesterday, like in that third quarter like and I see a lot 'cause he did to the patients early the season. I was just like, he just dominates quarters. He really took over that game yesterday. It wasn't nothing they can do. He started bumping people, stepping back midis. And I'm like only him and Shay do that And I, I've seen like KD take over quarters and stuff.


It just look different though. Yeah, Luca do it too. Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean bro, they all in that same Luca realm, you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah I know. Off me. Yeah like that bump bumping you counter to the spin to the bump again like they physical guards, they make contact with you all the time and keep you off balance. Yeah but they're always on balance. It's crazy. Sure man we missed it. The Chrissy brothers got to play each other but the twins, know what I'm saying? That was fire yesterday. Who? The twins? Yeah. Oh they Twins. Twins? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, the Thompson twin. I thought you talking about the Chrissy. Oh no, I said we missed the Chrissy but just shot them out. That was both Fire and 'em playing against each other ball. Oh. I'm like the Chrissy's got twins? Nah, the Thompson twins yesterday.


Oh. That was fire. Like you said two of all athletic people in the Oh they that's crazy. They ridiculous bro. I know that's gotta be a great feeling like seeing Lonzo Melo match up and like you said the Christie brothers, they was matched up the other day and now you see the Thompson twins. Obviously they played each other before but anytime you get a chance to go against your brother, I know that's pretty cool man. Yeah that's fire man. I got the experience that one time a couple times in Chicago and Brooklyn with Marcus. Oh Yeah. That's dope. Yeah And that's fire man. Black millionaires all in the family. That's hard man. Y'all made his ass fall. I shoulda started early boy. I dunno Why I said that but Shoulda got me foot Move on.


She did She have to play. Hell nah. I just need what your daddy do bitch. Probably old linebacker or something. What? Christ. I ain't saying we're gonna move off when we get in trouble. He only saying this because we talk about something earlier. He just really, he's really trying to be funny nigga. I was 15, 16 save it for the podcast. Oh we for sure talk about that on the pod. Y'all are crazy man. The microphone Pulse, the Pelicans beat the jazz yesterday.


They came back from Who said I bet Mo one mo lost me. You ain't see the video run the tape. Jazz Hampton. Jazz Heavy. Oh okay. I see what this is Say less because you called a Moot. Say Less. Who? Ken. Ken Hampton Really Shout It's Is ever. Oh. Just made this up. I don't Say we ain't met her. Y'all crazy man. The Pels came back down for 25 yesterday. CJ McCullum went nuts yesterday. He had 45 at eight. Damn. Yeah, ante. Murray had 26. Jazz, they keeping it on pace man. They ain't trying to win no games. Yeah we know the play.


Yeah. Get coop. Yeah. Free CJ though. 45. You need to be another city for sure. Bulls beat the Clippers yesterday won 12 to 99. Zach Levine had 35. M Peasy had 27. James Hardt had 17 to 10. Called it the Bulls randomly win games. Man that was one games I told you. I told you That bullshit Win. I Told Shout to m Peasy Man. Way to kill, keep killing no matter what. Zach Vinne 35. Peay been going crazy. I told y'all when I my top five shooting guard list zines on there. Most definitely. Most definitely all. We got a lot of games tonight. We'll see how y'all feel about him. Nicks at Nets. Oh, Knicks man. Yeah, Knicks for sure. Yeah. I'm gonna go Knicks Blazers at Heat.


Heat Hero 30 tonight. All right. Go with the heat as well. Magic at Raptors. Raptors. Yeah. I'm gonna go with the magic. They've been struggling a little bit. I'm gonna show some love to the magic as well. 76 ERs at Nuggets. Nuggets. Delta ass wizards at Lakers. Wizards. Nah. Lakers go one by 20 tonight. Watch. We're gonna embarrass still. Kyle Cosman. Jordan Poole Gonna have a moment. Watch, audition time. I want the whistles to cover that. I they Win. Kyles Mike hit. Yeah, cools Mike. Yeah, Kyle. Yeah He auditioning For sure that right. Five buckets. Who was getting two yesterday? Be here. I'm gonna Give it the CJ 45 is crazy.


My boy was hooping. Yeah, that's a hell of a game man. CJ still got, is a CJ Auditioner? Most definitely. Yeah, probably. Maybe. Where would he go? Where would y'all put CJ and is he a starter on the team Wherever you send him? I don't think he gotta start it. If he's going to a top four or a contender, you don't gotta start him 'cause he gonna do what he do best off the bench anyway. Just let him come in and cook. He obviously We have egos. I Don't think he gonna get traded though. You don't think So? You don't think they gonna move on from that? Nobody on that team. That's crazy. We thought that'd be the first team to like kind of assemble but They got real pieces too. But nah, shout out to cj. They trade the man's too high. I can see that for sure.


I'm gonna show some love. Daniel Gaffey yesterday. 31 to 15 to seven is fucking crazy. Yeah, that's that's insane. He was hooking yesterday. Yeah, I'm gonna go with Kade Cunningham just 'cause the way he took over that third quarter against a quality team and a rockets hoop. Been playing will and playing at home and go on the road to have a moment like that. I'm gonna go with Kade. I got also some love The Q Judd National championship. You get three tds. He was hooping yesterday. My boy. Yeah, he put the team on his back yesterday man. For sure. All right, get well soon we'll be here. Who need some encouragement? Alright Daniel. I mean Mark Williams man. Daniel Guy for punched on him. Yeah he definitely made the mix tape yesterday. Wow. He babied that boy. Yes.


Career day to pick it up off the miss up. Hey Home. He smoked The first one. I know why he used to dunk on niggas. Hey First time to let it go. GF G Wild. What? That motherfucker head being thick as hell. He need that motherfucker on the top of his head. He need hoop in the wave cap. He Sumner. Damn. He said he was the wave cat. He got that moon roof. Man that's tough.


I'm gonna go for number 14 on Penn State. I don't know you told me his name but a belly caught him lacking yesterday. Hey why he do all that? They getting your ass beat it. It Ruggers lost his game by the way. Yeah, like on man. Y'all getting beat Lock in baby. Y'all lost. I didn't out to my highlight tape. Oh man We had 30. I did what I could bro. Lock in though baby, about winning the game. Oscar's college basketball number one.


Me. Who you got Teague? Man, I'm gonna go with Ken Whitmore banging on whoever his name is. He got he punched on that. But get out the way. That's crazy. That's why I need to join the nine foot Rim league. It's inspiring me. Shout out to Cam Whitmore 30 Football League inspired you too. Yeah. Hey, shout out to whoever sent us them. Dylan Brooks highlights from the previous game where he was hooping. That was hilarious man. Yeah, Dylan Brooks in his bag throwing it behind the back. We gonna out to just run that for G on here. The Dylan Brooks Highlights. Yeah, we might have to run that Thursday just for shit.


Good. Hey it was crazy. His, I ain't know he was spin around like that. Shooting the ball man. My hell Yeah. That behind the back pass. I said man this nigga is outta pocket. He Just be doing shit. Oh man. Alright. Be here. People need to win some money man. What you got for him today? All right man. Today we got Kim Johnson 20. Kat 20 Tyrese Maxey 25 Yoki. 25 nie. Simon 15 Palo 20 Anthony Davis. 25. $500. When you 7,000 today? 500 when you seven bands? Yeah. Seven bands Today. Alright man. Seven bands. Somebody in the chat said that's how Dwight used to dunk on. Niggas is crazy folks.


Oh nah, Dwight still dunk on the niggas. I just meant that dunk the white thought it off. The backboard dunking backwards. Those niggas. Well let's get out here before we get trouble. Three six. And on that note, we gonna get up outta here. We'll Appreci out tuning. We'll see y'all tomorrow morning. Five 20 in the Morning. The Volume.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby, sport or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered. Like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon? Music. Music to podcast fast shipping. What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime Fuels. Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


This Valentine's Day. Celebrate every love story with Pandora. Whether it's romantic, platonic, familial, or a gesture of self-love. Pandora's versatile designs let you express your unique connections in meaningful ways. Each piece tells a story of love or friendship that transcends materialism. Turning every gift into a heartfelt message that connects hearts from best friends to significant others. Pandora helps you honor the bonds that make life richer and more meaningful. Make the feeling last from first sight to forever. On Valentine's Day and every day, be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today in store or online@pandora.net.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community of values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North. New residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live.