
O'Reilly. You need parts, O'Reilly Auto Parts has parts, need them fast. We've got fast. No matter what you need, we have thousands of professional parts. People doing their part to make sure you have it. Product availability. Just one part that makes O'Reilly stand apart. The professional parts people, Oh, O'Reilly Auto Parts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts, the untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua Tonga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. I hate this favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything Sports world related, including Internal Beast on the set as well. I really hate this nigga man. Let's do the show man. We here man. I'm your host DJ Smith to my left. Got Bishop Pat to my right OTFT fellow. Good morning. How y'all doing? I'm good man. How you doing? My boy got the dread. I got the what? OTFT they put. Hey why y'all do that to me? I told you I was Jay-Z. Nah, I don't. Don't link that one now. I'm just playing So you might wanna make wait a little bit before you get that pick stitch.


Yeah, yeah I'm cool man. Oh man, y'all crazy man. How y'all doing this morning cooling bro? I'm sad there. Listen man. Lot of good basketball yesterday man. Let's get straight to it man. Trae Young G Dub. Come on all star. He got snuffed for show. Especially play the way he played last night. They get the dub yesterday right over the Pistons, man. 34 17 in the fourth quarter for Trae Young. Nine six as well. K Cunningham had 30 14 to six. That was a hell of a game man. I know you two end that for show. Yeah, shout out to my boys man. Trey a special player. 17 in the fourth. He came, he showed up when we needed him to got a big win. Game winning shot. Stepped over buddy talked his talk All Star Trae Young.


We know what he said. You got Trey and he gonna continue to keep showing to everybody what he can do. He loved these kind of moments though. Yeah, them underdog moments. People ain't rocking with him. He like to show what he can do in them clutch moments. Big shit Trey. Yeah man. The way he get the gub and then he stepped over from League Bs. He's like that. Very disrespectful. But that's what Trae Young does bro. He's gonna always put on the show for sure. Listen, four games under 500. You think y'all should make a Trey to try to salvage the season or just let it roll out? Yeah, we need to go after. I've seen talks about bi math but I would like bi on our team man. We need another bonafide score. We can get the ball to get you 2025 easy.


That'd take a lot of pressure off Trae Young. DH can still play his role coming off the bench being six man a year candidate when Jalen get back healthy. Jalen, he's a all around player. He is not a scorer. He can score but you know he get rebounds and assist decent defender. So adding and be out to that mix. I think we have a good group of wings, a bonafide star and Trae Young for sure. I like that comedy. I was gonna ask you how they could fit together Paul, could you play them at the three and four at the same time with a big, I mean you got Big O down the five. Yeah. Could that be a 3, 4, 5? Yeah, Jalen would be great at the four. I mean his ability to handle the ball. He's six 10 already so he'd be a stretch four of Paul. But he definitely, that lineup is a really, really unique lineup.


I mean Trey being six foot but having all these big wings with bi I being 6, 8, 6 9 and then having Jalen at six 10 and then our young Rook, he about six eight. Yeah. So having all these big wings around Trae Young think it would be a unique squad for sure be here. He think the house scene to make a move. You think a should just go ahead and just fill out the rest of the season If you can get bi fuck Getty. For sure. I love that. That's raw. That's a great pickup for them. That's Raw. They need it real big though too though. Big O been playing great though. Yeah I gonna say they Need another one bro. Yeah they gotta move on from Clin Capella. Both. Both sides. Yeah. C Clint. He ain't old but he old. You know we don't know where he from really?


So he might be 38. Yeah he might be on that Joe MB my boy was in the Rockets for a long time now. We definitely gotta check them birth records for sure. Yeah, but Big O man he, he got that ability to take like take that next step. I mean we know he a hell of a rebounder, he a scoring threat. But I get what y'all saying, they need a notable name. Yeah, yeah I would guess you would say. Yep. But I think big old, he like that next tier of Good Center stuff. Clin Capella 30 bullshit. Yeah, I mean that's what I'm saying. He ain't old but he old. Damn. I thought Clin Capella was way older than that. Nah, I nigga Played with James Hart when he was 15. He old but he just not old. That's what, that's what it is. Like when you been around the league for a while, you league old and you had some success, people start saying you old you only 30 shit.


I think well this is probably only his 10th year. Ninth, ninth, 10th year ain't really old people just get tired of you, you know what I mean? I see that. Yeah it is like ah, we done had him for a while. Listen man, he might be a liker looking like you and he'll have a lot of success of being a Laker, you know what I mean? But I don't know who we would want back from the Lakers. Like we don't want Jackson Hayes, we don't want, we'll talk about the Lakers Laker show but I won't say any more smut because we always talk about how every summer they talk about they gonna get everybody and every fucking five, six years they get a generational talent that they ain't supposed to have. So why not Worst the things have happened. So we'll stay tuned with that with Show Man. But the Hawks Man, good win. K Cunningham, all NBA. Is it gonna get, is that pushing it?


He might be Thursday third. Yeah I was about say Thursday might make Thursday. Okay. Okay. Shout out to the Hawks man. Jaylen Brussel were crazy yesterday he had 42, the next took care of the Rockets yesterday. 1 24 1 a team hell of a game as well. Brunson 42, 10 and six. Kat hat 2029 Thompson twin man hat a trippy dub a 25 11, 11 bro. Man see I can't say I ain't call it you called that I, I gotta give you all your credit on that. You was early on that school up boy gonna be a superstar bro and he's taking full advantage of it. It ain't jabbar that that spot gone. Oh it's cooked. Yeah they almost put him, I ain't gonna say Trey Jabbar 'cause he is still a quality player and you know with his size and his ability to shoot the basketball and defend he could be a really, really good NBA player but yeah is six men.


It is like now it ain't no nah. Now listen bro, Luka Dantes got trade this so everybody's for sale. You see an talk about it in the post game? In the post game yesterday. Like shit I'm 23, he 25 and Luke can go, anybody can go. Well I'm gonna tell you this, he ain't going nowhere bro. Oh nah he damn sure. Yeah he stuck like Chuck. Yeah I keep saying that bro. He could go somewhere if he want to get out of there he can start complaining but Minnesota not the damn ain him. No they gave away Kat if you give away an nobody Minnesota's done. Yeah he is. They really on life support right now. Yeah damn near. Yeah you know what I mean with an is only keeping him alive and Rob, Rob is a fan favorite and he called.


Yeah man him and him and Ant tag team and Pauls but Lincoln up together that's like a crazy back court and exciting back court. They need to go ahead and start pushing building around that. Yeah, yeah most definitely. But yeah listen like you said Jabari, you you might find a new home if you look at some of these trades and what people are going for right now. The Rockets got all the young talent in the world. They asked us to make something happy now shout out to them though for staying put. You know me, I'm, I'm a wild nigga so I would've definitely tried to see what was up with D Fox but they was like nah we good what we got we'll figure this out. Them staying put like that makes a lot of sense for them. You think that Fred Van Fleet next year? I don't know man. Hmm. I mean I think Fred like I said, I think he's that common voice and he allows all these great wings to beat themselves because he is a catch and shoe player.


He can play pick and roll and all that stuff but Fred is a really good catch and shoe player play off the catch, you know get in the lane make plays but I don't know, I don't know where the rockets are. I don't know if they feel like they can make that step to be greater or they just staying with the course right now like hey our young guys gonna keep getting better and better and better and eventually re she step in and take over for for and Fleet. I don't know if that's their role like hey we just gonna keep it slow and steady and get better and better every year. Yeah or they gonna make a big splash. I don't know For sure. For sure. Like you said be determined all the young talent in the world For sure for Jaylen Bresson he keep killing like this. Where we gonna rank him in all Tom Nicks I think him taking that discount already put him at the top three for sure.


If he keep, if he do this for two or three more years he he's Golden. Yeah gonna get a jersey retired. How you feel B here because he gonna be rolling. He gonna be all NBA. He already is all NBA right? Most definitely. Yeah. Being what a multi-time Allstar for the Knicks brung him back. I'm just sitting here trying to think about all the Knicks players though. But Jalen Brus under them for sure. Yeah like what he's done for the Knicks already is more than what Melo did. Woo. It ain't no shade. I love Melo so far. He already got to the second round. Yeah I love Mellow but he already, he should have passed Mellow as a Knick already man.


If he get the Knicks to the Eastern conference finals this year I guess still early but I ain't gonna do that bro. Melo, Melo killed. I think Melo is one of the coldest basketball players ever. Y'all know you a mellow fan for sure. Right? Me too. I wore my socks 'cause like I did 'cause of Melo but if you looking at the Knicks like Mellow was cold with the nuggets too then when he went to the Knicks he was still cold but it was later, you know what I mean? And they wasn't on shit with him. They wasn't trying to build around. They gave him his best assets earlier. Nah. Yeah they they was fucking with him even when he had them fires teams with Woody when they won 50 games and shit. They still wasn't this like, we still didn't believe the Knicks was gonna win shit.


Did you? I never thought they was gonna win nothing. I never thought the Knicks was gonna win But I was in the league, I never feared the Knicks. I'm like we the Knicks. Nah I No you did your thing but I I, I'll just to compare him to Mellow is just crazy. Nah, I'm comparing, I'm talking about what he did for the that day for the Team. For the team. No, no, no. I know you ain't jumping out the bounds like that. I'm just saying like for them it'll just take me a while bro. The only reason I gave Mellow some credit 'cause nobody, well Amari popped it off by going to New York. Yeah, yeah. Nobody was going to the Knicks. Yeah Amari popped it off, had 'em lit. You know they was playing a fun brand a basketball with Dan, Tony so people was rocking with the Knicks. Even Ray Feldman was having a great year and all that shit.


Then when Melo got there it brung like some real legit shit to New York. It is like Carmelo Anthony is a New York knick. It made it popping but when you really look at it like they had a squad JR R Smith, they had Iman shopper, they had all that squad but nobody really mossoff. I wasn't really like it was the heat. Yeah That it, it wasn't other than that we weren't really worried about the Knicks. We like we gotta beat the heat Pacers The Knicks are a lot Nick. The Knicks are, this Knicks team is better than that team for sure. Yeah. Yeah I just, I was just saying like the player bro. I don't know bro. Mellow Sky damn bro. New York Mellow was different bro.


Wasn't New York Mellow average let's just go. Ah I know he probably was around 30 or some shit. Yeah I was gonna say I'm sure it was upper twenties for sure. Damn that's crazy. But like but it ain't a lot of seven jerseys. Well it's a lot of Melo jersey. The Jelly brusher jersey's climbing up here though. Outta Jelly Bru man. Come on bro. What you doing is crazy Like crazy? Yeah. What's the numbers man I can't see that far. I can't see that shit either. That shit look crazy But yeah.


Wow. We ain't looking at Superlo. That's like Michael Port saying go check out though. He had 24, 25, 26. He keeps himself for two, three more years. Yeah, JB right there with him for sure man. And they winning though. True. Like, you know what I mean like and he winning. Yeah he happened the 26 with Count on his team. That's crazy man. Shout to LeBron For sure man. Shout to Jaylen. Bronson Hill up the season man deserving to starting an Allstar game. Listen another game you called yesterday Crazy Ass Game. Blazers and Sons went to OT yesterday. What a game. I'm gonna start go ahead and go to the end of the game because you always bring up the scenarios hitting the free throws at the end of the game from the hardest things to do.


I tell you Deep Book got a chance to tie the game with three free throws. I'm telling you. I'm telling you it's, it's so much pressure 'cause it's just on you like you can't blame it on nobody else. Mm. You know like we said with the kicker, the Snap could be messed up. Placeholder could have held it wrong. You can always got some excuse. Ain't no excuse with it when you go up there by yourself into some free throws, it is just you in the realm. It ain't no defender, it ain't shit. It's just you. That's a lot of pressure bro. That's wicked man. The hell of a knife for debug man become to all time leading score his son's history. That's Raw Elite. He had 34 yesterday. KD had 27, 5 and five. Deandre. Aden was hooping last night.


I told y'all man got his get back 25 and 20. Sada. You I told you. Told you I said his name. You got very disrespectful boy. Solid. He gotta Be consistent. More consistent though. Deandre Aen those stats he do bro. I agree but shout out to the, they build little streak. Yeah they been hooping man. Nah. Yeah for sure. I'm just saying we need him doing this like all year. But he, he's a better player than 14 and 10 and 14. 10 is cold But he's better Than than that. But gotta think he be he he don't play as many minutes as he should 'cause they got Kling good, whatever. Nah, claiming kle and they got all these dudes that's young team, they kind of be getting beat. He don't play a lot and they get on their streak. They got some momentum. He been balling the last five games. He done averaging 20 plus.


I'm saying he But you need to be the focal point bro. Deandre Aden is better than that. Yeah, don't no fuck them young niggas bro. Gimme my minutes Bro. I think they done figured it out though. I think they got a good rhythm right now. Ain't saying about to make the playoffs or the play in or shit like that. But I think they done found a little recipe for what's going forward and they've been playing great and they fun to watch bro. Y'all ever get bored enough to check out a Trailblazer game. It's kind of exciting bro.


The action is always hitting up on the field at the Draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draft King Sports book. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits if you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason Run.


There was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Two time Women's World Cup champion and goalkeeper for the US Women's National Team. In my new podcast Wide Open, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments and the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Yeah, they're not that boring. Listen, they, they on a four game win streak. Eight of the last nine. They are still very low in the standings, but like you said, they've been increasingly a lot better last month and half for sure. They are exciting to watch. Boy they got some young players on there. Shout out to Chauncey man. Yeah, Chauncey. Y'all got, hey I kind of, I wanna see Cooper flag in Portland man. Oh yeah, don't you worry he will not be a Trailbla. They keep playing this good. They Deandre better go to the bench. Yeah, need tight. I need him to be out there. They'll be a nice exciting young team bro. I just pray he won't go to the Wizards bro. He cannot go to the Wizards man. Him and gon, I mean not Sagon. What's the sar? Alex R Alex Sar? Yeah. Oh. Not quiet. It is quiet. I'd rather go to the Army boy.


Where I go play for the Wizards. I guy go in the draft bro. It's quiet for Alex Soar. Yeah, I'm not, I Don't see no future in that. I'm not a fan of his. I got, I gotta see something else. I see him at rookie OTE and I was like damn, he, they got him chance to be a number one pick. Yeah. I like, he not, I ain't saying he's sad or nothing. I don't know Lord bless him. Yeah, shit it is a rookie year but It just, y don't like what y'all see so far. I don't Like what I see from anybody on that team. So that ain't just him. They bro, they have eight wins. Nobody's hooping right now and JP the homie but come on bro. You know when you, you see potential like damn, like he had moments where you be like okay, he, he cool but he just remind me of like dude that just not ready. Yeah. Like, you know what I mean?


It is like they trying, they forced it like nah No I see what you're saying. They Ain't ready. Oh. Speaking of the sons man, they out here shopping kd. They out of pocket. Not really though. I think when people seen Luca get Trey, they're like fuck, Here you go. I, I swear bro. You think what I'm thinking I swear. I'm like shit I don't think they are. It's kind of like oh well The floodgates is open and we see that the ghost state world is apparently thirsty as fuck calling everybody for a deal. A superstar. Kayden you Golden State reunion, you something gonna be Here. Oh I'm everything. That'd be Good for the Suns though. Everything Dre. Fuck Dre. We ain't gonna be able to go to Cancun but that, that'll be good to see Man.


You give I go to Cancun with you, You know bro you do. Pause bro. Set rooms bro. No bunk bed. Y'all bring a market jewelry with you for sure. Free Look first of all free little C man. Free market. I hate when they be getting your mugshot bro. 'cause it it is. It is bad bro. This ain't his first time in the joint. Nah that that picture y'all just new to the internet know I mean You somebody told me We got a few mugshot. Somebody wrote this boy said tell DJ get stuff together. I rolling. Put it in the group bro. Hell no DJ get something.


My nigga got a few mugshots. This just one of our, our worst ones That been in trouble. He swollen that ain't Got no neck saying y'all new to this so free little 'cause we a bounce back. This ain't nothing. Hell we got a young boy bug shot trade Mark Jordan for KD For sure. That was one of our personal K that did he have on a V-neck that night? That was the night we went out he had on that V-neck. A nigga with no neck in the V-neck. It's crazy Fr comes though man. Hell man I can't believe that happened bro. That's what he as hell man. I know we get him on here. We Lit. We need to pick Stitch you Draymond and Marcus Jordan Cancun bro. Load up How out to g Get well soon to the Suns man.


Hey y'all like to see KD go back to the Warriors? Yeah bro. Why not? Shit, I don't think it hit the same without Clay though. Is Clay shitty that he left for real? For real now? Yeah he definitely mad. I like KD with wig better than K with Clay. Mm Right now bro. Who they gotta give in that track? Believe wig ain't gonna be there unless they gonna give up Minga a whole bunch of picks and Moody and whoever else. Yeah Minga can slide bro. Yeah he electric slide. Yeah he okay. Yeah we spin that back. Yeah for sure bro. No disrespect like Then So you nothing Who would you rather if you had to pick a team for him to go to a Atlanta? Who? K? Yeah I would love for him to go to OKC but I know they'd have to give up some people but I wouldn't want 'em to give up nobody.


But if he could just go play somewhere, he'd be OKC on Some LeBron shit. If Brian left. Yeah that'd be Like if he got the OKC. Oh we Winning the ship With Shay, Jaylen and KD man go to Denver and fuck up the league. Nah they really fuck up the league. Go to Denver. Fuck up the league. Denver Trade N PJs and picks and whoever else you gotta get there. Aaron Gordon, N PJ and a pick for kd. Ooh I'm So you might not even have to give up Aaron Gordon. The way that these traits is going, you might have to give up NPJ some picks and you could probably rotational player in the three team deal. So LeBron, NPJ and a bunch of picks. Yes. Yeah Denver Lit and that's, that starting five is unstoppable.


Yeah Denver lit. They do that. Damn. So man we shall see man. Trey deadline solely approaches it. But last not least in this topic, shout to Brad Bill. My family's comfortable with Phoenix until otherwise. Yeah I told y'all I love that. That's a statement. Yeah we comfortable right now. I told you, I told y'all next. No lot people kept saying stop all these rumors bro. Just hit my line. I'm not moving bro. We comfortable. My family's comfortable. My kids, they in school. It middles school year. I told y'all thinks is great this time of year niggas think I'm about to go to Chicago. Oh Y'all playing. Y'all playing crazy. These NBA niggas is too much from me bro. I, I don't care how mad Job me. I'm comfortable.


We gonna sit here and rock it out. My direct deposit is the same what y'all talking about. The king's got the brightest win in the post Aaron Fox era over the T Wolves man 1 16, 1 14 B here. How you feel about that game yesterday? I was glad to see the Rosa. He was cooking yesterday 33 And seven for sure. But yeah we, they sad. We sad. So it is just, it is another good win for them though. For sure. Blake Mon who was moving over to that facilitator role at the PG position 26 and eight and had 21 to six. But Nas went crazy yesterday. He had a 30 ball. Na is better than Julius Randall. Hmm. Need more minutes? I don't disagree. Need More minutes man I'm excited for Monk to actually have to, you know, put the ball in his hand, see if he can actually be a playmaker and make plays.


I know he probably losing his homeboy Dion Fox. You know it was Tyson his college. I know him leaving probably was like damn, damn. But now you got an opportunity to be the guy. Really? Shit. What? What else more can you ask for? Yeah And then he showed up and showed out last night. Come on his first game at the point guard position. So I know that was probably a good feeling. I would look really am interested to see how they play together when they get Zach Levina this week. Yeah, I don't like that. I mean Debo and Levina play together so I think the chemistry that's probably not gonna be a problem like figuring that out again. But the rest of the pieces, I don't know if it's enough basketballs. Nah, Malik Monk is a, a scorer bro. I don't know.


This might not, I don't think it's gonna work like it. Saboni don't come out the game. Excuse me, Keegan Murray gotta get his vest up. Just too Many people right's. Too many people that need the ball. Yeah I know Keegan Mercury where she would've got traded. Yeah, he don't get no touches. I remember his rookie year bro. He was a hooping. Nah, please go back please Mike. One time I'm looking at the shot took you Last night. I remember Mike Brown used to force him to shoot the ball Too. The league mu shot the ball 23 times yesterday. Keegan Murray shot 11. Damn that's a lot of shots for Keegan. DeMar shot 25, Tam one got 15 touches Zach Levine ain't there so Right. I only imagine what this shit about look like. Yeah Devin Carter you will not shoot the ball Keon Ellis.


That's the homie. You will not get eight attempts again after Wednesday. Dang it is dead. They still got the win though man. That's crazy. But the T Woods, you talked about it early on man you get to West Scott Falls last shit now it was like y'all holding on by three right now Man. We tank for cool shit ain't it Ain't worth a quarter man shut It down already. Shut It Down. Shit in the trade cat bro. Man it's A big loss and trade shack man. 20 24, 20 25 is gonna go down as one of the craziest trade seasons of all time. For Sure. A lot of teams mortgage their future for absolutely nothing. But they still right there in the hunt. They were seventh in the west. Yeah, Timber Wolves. Yeah I mean they're gonna make the playoffs for sure. I mean still two Streak left.


I'm just saying to me we sat because of our expectations from last year. We made a but that was wicked trade. That was a fluke. Wicked trade bro wasn't bro we was on the high. Yeah y'all was playing on the high. We knew We still high. The cushion is still in the air. Most definitely. Y don't we just got a different now y'all that Marcus Jordan. Fucking I That's A, that's a better high. I crack is cheap. That's what I be y'all y mine. I think y'all still, y'all still on that run boy on that, that snowfall last year was over with. I Don't know why Marcus didn't swallow that baggie bro. Oh let's move on from that.


That nigga died. That nigga whole eight ball. It's crazy. That's crazy. Or threw it on his face like that wrestler did. Don't do drugs. The real, I mean it was already on bro. So It's crazy. I'd rather do 'em than get caught selling them, you know what I mean? So Drugs or So speaking of magic, magic took l yesterday to the Warriors 1 0 4 99 knocked on that. We don't get on that at all. Free market Jordan, Steph had 24 yesterday. Wiggins had 25 and Carol had 18 and Franz had 21. Ben Carroll still looks like he's hurt man I wish he had like two more time to rest. For real. For real.


He don't look like the same player this season. I think he kind of came back from injury early and I understand why but my boy needs some more rest man. He gotta get back into the groove of things for sure. We talked about the words already being thirsty as hell for another star. They basically told the boys yeah we cool with Zach Levine but yeah we still looking elsewhere. Do y'all think they gonna make a move by Thursday? No. No sir. Nah, it's over with bro. I don't know who going, I don't know who gonna give up their superstar. Jimmy already said he cool so So if they don't make a move and they just let Stephanie niggas call about Giannis nigga's probably like what? Who you, who are you calling? 'cause get off my phone. What bro? Giannis tells me he's leaving. We are never answering that. Yeah. Yeah.


Y'all crazy. Whatcha you doing? Yeah, there's nothing on y'all team I want for Giannis. No disrespect. What did they do? Like they have to be super aggressive in the off season. If they just, they probably gonna end up with Laurie Marketing watch. Think so. Yeah they gonna call about Laurie. He ain't no superstar but So you help the roster for sure he play roster but I could see them calling about Laurie speaking if I was them I'd call about Franz, I'd start blowing them up. Okay, So you disrupted? Yeah I, I gotta make a decision which one I want. Mm. I ain't mad at that Fran steak. Who you saying that way? Kain Moody? Yeah I just say I know y'all gotta get off some of this money. Y'all paid everybody. Jalen Suggs, Fran Ro.


Yeah they they definitely opened that purse this summer. Yeah I I kcp cheap either Isaac, he got paid again. Damn. KCP is on that team. Yes sir. Playing 32 minutes. Yep. And they played Jonathan Isaac. I ain't seen that dude hoop in three years. Yeah he one of people who like randomly good for like four or five games stretch and then just back into the best. He only been in league five years. Damn. He get paid. He is super young and he got paid. He got paid again. That's great. He went to Florida State. Right. Speaking of Florida State. Leonard Hamilton, you see him stepping down? Yeah. Yeah the allegations. Yeah he wasn't paying people right. He ran off of the NIL bag. Yeah he was lying to him. He ain't run off with it.


He just told him he was gonna pay him and didn't pay him like he gonna give you two 30. But Leonard, he was old as hell. He been coaching there. He was the head coach when I was there. When I was in a CC. Yeah. And he didn't had plenty, a bunch of pros in the league but the NIL this whole money thing then switched up for all the motor coaches. Yeah they can't compete in that field. They don't know what it's like. You gotta have a young, a young coach bro. Stealing money from your kids is crazy though bro. It wasn't stealing just was lying. They just tell 'em yo, I'm gonna get everybody two 50 then. Wasn't no two 50 I'm gonna get to you the end of the year boy. Oh that's with you. Pay what You right. You ended they hit the portal.


Bye. Shit, fuck it. They came back as soon as I soon. Your coach is crazy. I know. Everybody know me Brent. Yeah I know he probably like I'm done with this shit. I'm getting sued for giving y'all scholarships. Ain't this a bitch. I really wanna know how that like lawsuit works because the coaches is the person like literally signing your NAL. There has to be a collective at the school how this works. Shit Nigga, however much you might a year. But He got text messages and shit like they texting him like yo you gonna gimme my bread? Like yeah next week I think he's supposed to be the person that's facilitate that. So he got caught with his hand in the cookie jar being thirsty too. Thirsty. Yeah, but pay what you weigh though. That's crazy. But shout out to him man. He had a run, he had a hell of a run at Florida State.


Hell yeah. Always a good team for sure. Always range get well soon All them old coaches is done. Yeah, I gonna say this a change under guards. They all getting forced out now. Yeah like football, basketball don't hear me like Jay shout to my dog Jay Nigga had to step down. He was sick of it. He, He was like I'm sick of this shit. Yeah you motherfuckers. Y'all sad. Y'all sad? Yeah I'm paying you 200 grand. You average six points. Yeah and Leonard Hamilton it is gonna keep going. I name another old coach. Hu be hu be Hubert Davis. He don't know what to do. Yeah, Hubert ain't even old but he, it is time for him to go be a fan again. He's An old school for sure though. So. Yeah. Old school player though. Yeah he he outta there. Who else don't like to, you know Im show some respect though.


Who is still Throbbing? Thriving is Tom Zo. Yeah, but Tom you gotta be a certain kind of kid to go play for Tom. Hell Yeah. And even yo Rick Pitino, they having a hella year at St. John's. Come on. You know, you know you know what Coach Patino done here too. He been paying niggas so he ain't, this ain't nothing new. Oh yeah, this Is before That been on Perry and them. They good? Yeah, John, John, he ain't having a rough year but he beat Kentucky so it is What I'm saying. He's a, the NIL ain't really bothering him too much. Not saying he's paying out. We ain't talking about that. I'm just saying they're comfortable in this, in this room. Oh you give him bread? Yeah. He always was ready to offer some bread. Yeah. For this made it easy for him. I can actually do it live. Okay. Yeah. Yeah we It's like when league became legal. Yeah. In some states that nigga's like finally I can go right here by this to go home.


It's up. Thanks. Give us listen to the magic Go. They dropped nine to last 10. I know they started off really, really hot. Only problem with that team is injuries man. Like you can't go so long with losing your best players and they gotta get back. So it was soon for them. Some more games last night. Let's get to it. Wizards beat the Hornets yesterday. I know nobody watched that game because I damn sure didn't. 22 for Kyle Kma 24, 10 and 10 for Bridges. Had a trippy dub. Y'all, y'all ain't supposed to be losing A mellow house. Yeah. Yeah I figured. Yeah you ain't supposed to be, you ain't supposed to be losing that game though. Thunder beat the Bucks yesterday. 1 25 96 belt to ass situation. Oh. I just kept the Bucks been like struggling. They like a up and down team. Yeah we appreciate that first Spot.


I think they, what they, what's they last 10 Mike Bro on four games losing street. They last four. They like on the up and down like rollercoaster. Man Shit they fought so hard nigga to get back up above ground. They Did. I'm gonna give 'em some grace. I ain't gonna lie. Yeah But it is just like, I know it's that moment where everybody trying to get to the break and just, you know. Yeah. Revamp and regroup the shit We 48 games in, bro. It was wicked the first 20 this year. Hell yeah. And they played a hell outta Youngness. Damn. I mean I know they're capable for it but like you said, they gotta make a move bro. I know I, Chris Millen should be a bucks legend. He should be respecting Revered. But if that's what they gonna have to do to get them some help, bro, they gonna have to, they need some offensive help man. So Release Chris Middleton.


Hey it's Bobby Bones Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all Colored. They Changed it. And the heart, the, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah it was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Lets have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason Run.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris, two time Women's World Cup champion and goalkeeper for the US Women's National Team. And my new podcast Wide Open. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments and the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Tre. You Tre. No, of course I'm saying though. Yeah like get rid of you. You gonna have to. 'cause that's the only person that you gonna be able to get something back that's gonna help your team right now. I mean you can move role players but that don't really help you 'cause they got a solid rotation score. They just need somebody who can score for 'em or they could try to look in the buyout market. I think that might be a good play as well. But they need somebody off the bench who could just score. Yeah, they stagger their minutes but it still don't matter. But good win for the Thunder. We'll talk more about that game for the letters, segments of this show. G GRS be dispersed yesterday 1 28 to 1 0 9. Man Triple J been hooping. He had 31 yesterday. Ja had 25 and 11. He, he solidified him being an Allstar for sure. He been balling. Hell yeah. Zach Ededie played well too last night. He did. I I caught a, I caught a little bit of that game.


I thought I wanted to see if Dre Fox was just gonna be there but I caught a bit of that game. Zach Ed play Will Ja play will Triple J play Will? Yeah he got a, he got a nice core. Even Gigi. Gigi got off y straight Paul too. You know I'm saying he had 27. I like his game. I like to see him next to Ja. I like that. I like that a lot. They got a deal with GG in that draft. We all know he was the first round talent. Yeah. Went to school early, did a whole shit, whatever end up going South Carolina. Probably not the best decision but he a hooper for sure man. That's who had the most money man. Shout out to gg. Yeah he the young wing for them win hoop as well. Yesterday he had 27, 10 to five. The Nugget took care of the pelicans yesterday 1 25 to one 13 NPJ had 36 and seven.


You know that is rebounds not assist. Yoic had 27, 14 to 10 Triple Dub. Him as usual. Trey Murphy been fucking balling the last three games. He had 41 yesterday and CJ McCullum had 36 and five. Like I ain't know Trey Murphy had that 40 45 Told you he could shoot that bitch bro. Yeah he can but I didn't. He got some, he got some other capabilities like he remind me of Mikel Bridges when he first went to Brooklyn. Mm. You know how we ain't know like he is just shooting corner threes and shit. Then he got the Brooklyn start going crazy. That's what Trey Murphy on right now. He's showing all type of shout to my guy Troy Sports. He told me early on he is like Trey gonna get an opportunity to really kill he he getting his shit off right now for sure. He nice and he just got paid too.


Yeah he nice though. Patriots came back yesterday, took care of the jazz, won 12 to one 11, done much to talk about theater. Jazz blew that game. But also they ain't trying to win no games. I am really upset though because allegedly Luca's first game as a Laker is supposed to be against the Patriot this weekend and that's not fair. Where is that At? Y'all gonna beat them. It is not here. Them niggas ain't gonna shooting the ball. They gonna be passing back to each other. Oh yeah. Trying to figure out who, who gonna be their aggressor. Luca gonna be chilling. Don't Go in there with them stupid ass outfits. On All, we ain't in Paris no more. We been handling business had the best record of NBA in January. You know what I'm saying? Four game wins. Shout to the person man. Last night we handling business right now for sure. Yeah but we Always shout Tyrese.


You see what he said when he walked up to me at the Yeah. Said like he try to press me like Yeah run. Yeah. What's up nigga? What's up nigga? Then he seen James Energy. I'm like yeah nigga y'all just became teammates man. We been locked in James Fuck with the real nigga. Nah, shout out to Tyrese man. You know what I'm saying? Shout out to the game for show some games tonight. I wanna see how y'all feel about 'em. Mavs ass 76 ERs. I'm gonna take the Sixers. Hell no MAs beat him bro. Ad ain't playing. He is not. But hopefully Kyrie is so we'll see. I I'm going Mavs Celtics at Cavs. I'm gonna be a hell of a game. I'm gonna take the Cavs this time. I'm Gonna take Celtics.


I'm gonna go Celtics this game. Rockets at Nets. Rockets for sure. Yeah. Nicks at Raptors. I'm gonna go with the Raptors. They always randomly win games. We always count them out of, I don't, I'm go next RJ Barry he gonna kill but I'll go the Knicks. Knicks Knick. Knick for sure. Heat at Bulls. Heat. Most definitely the heat for sure. I got the Bulls or the Bulls. All right. Lakers Act Clippers. Kobe White gonna go crazy Clippers. I'm gonna go Lakers, I got Clippers bro. Go hoop out And peasy about the clown. I got Clippers Pacers at Blazers. Blazers. Hey I don't like that. I got Blazers bro.


Blazers a hooping. I might watch that game tonight. They got an exciting team. I'm telling y'all I'm gonna watch that game tonight. You trying to get this money Pacers money line. Quit playing with it. It done told y'all lasting game with time. It is. So if you ain't listening doesn't mean you don't want no money but it's On you speaking, speaking about this trade and shit. So when you get traded, how long do you have to wait to play with your next team? You got reported 48 hours right? Yeah, 48 hours. So I, I never could like I was sick of these, these niggas anyway. I'm playing with y'all tonight. I pass physical Like I got trading In The Morning. I'm like I, I hate it here anyway. I'm pull up. If you do your physical you can For real. See it's a clinic somewhere. If you get there you gotta go to their doctors So you Oh okay. They'll fly you in. If you got traded you could fly in that night and be like, I'm trying to hoop.


Like I remember I think I got traded in the same city I was in and the team had a game. Yeah I got, I think I got was, I think it was in Orlando when I got traded to Orlando from Boston and they was like, you wanna just go down to the team? And then they was like, Jeff do you wanna stay here? I was like, I'll stay, you're gonna sign me next year. They was like yeah but you ain't gonna play at all. Oh. I was like, I ain't gonna get done in court at all. They was like at all, we playing all young dudes. He was like so we can waive you and you get paid twice. You signed with another team and we still pay you. I was like yeah I'll, I'll take that Orlando. We need the team jersey whenever we were in Orlando. We need it. We need that guy sent. I didn't even when they said that I was like yeah, Oh yeah his shit didn't run through the Press.


Orlando we need the 55 T Jersey Press needed it 55. What you we get to zero then? Yeah I know they had zero available so Well hey bro, you was never ever gonna see the number because you was gonna keep this warm up on clearly. I swear to God. They said they told you soon got the phone bro you, you'll not get in the game. Damn bro. I was like at all the whole team get hurt. It was like you will never play. This is the sort of guy you might well just, I like I come a coach basically. He was like, we'll sign you next year too. So you been cool in Orlando though Nigga? I thought I could still play. I was like I can't get here at all. They like, nah, we assign you next year. You can be a vet. Shit. No knowing what I know now. I should've been like, alright, shit, I would've sat there for another year.


I probably could've been Jay Josh start acting tough as shit. Just start smacking. Yeah, just start. I smack nigga. That Dude was some cool little vibes to be around too. Like the team like Yeah. I wish I would've known, I wish I would've thought about it. I was like, y'all can still hoop. I just, 'cause I had the game before I got traded. I just had, I had 18. Yeah, You, you was still Kahoot bro. I'm just saying. You would never went to Boston bro. Nah, I was in Boston. You never went to Milwaukee? I would never went to Milwaukee. Milwaukee. I mean, yeah I had You never had, nah, you needed that. You needed that bro. I needed the chip needed that most. You, you needed that bro. I would. I just had 18. I'm like dog, I'm dimming better than the niggas y'all got. I said play it like I respect bro. We that I was like, I I love Barque foes but like fucking barque folks up.


Right. Nah yeah. Respect You and Gary would down there collecting checks. Clowning. Yeah. He was like you will not get in. Damn. You know what the funny thing is? You said as an NBA player, I just can't go to the clinic. NBA player, a free clinic getting the physical. I just didn't know how that shit works bro. I swear to God. I always wonder. I'm like damn it like especially if I've been forcing my hand outta here. I didn't know I could go. They, Why y'all rolling bro? This nigga's over there weak. Why y'all weak bro? We like to laugh too Because Malcolm here yelling at the chat and they shit at me. What? What Back? Yes. Fuck Mike. YouTube is having issues with audio supposed to go on in and out. It's not us. Just refresh your screen and then it'll, it'll come back on. Refresh your screen.


Refresh your screen. Shout out to production team man. Some bullshit going on with us Boy. Y'all know how much these cameras and shit costs. What T Move because the average person doesn't know how much all this shit costs to run and for us to be having these technical difficulties. It Is crazy. Nah, get the motherfucking book bag. Get the book bag. I'm Telling y'all boy. On what we just spend with hotels because Get the book bag. Hey, did y'all see niggas big or crazy? Our comment, they was just like, y'all really said it. Y'all traded equipment. The podcast equipment for Jay Hood Andino on the Oh we said that? Yes You said that. You said he got traded for a soak co session.


I was trying to get Come on man. I fault hood. I was, I was having a good time man. Man shout out to the young boy man. Hope you get some minutes out there in Utah. Verified buckets be here. Who was hooping out yesterday? I'm giving it to my boy. DeMar de Rosen man. Yes sir. 33. I only had you for 20 yesterday Nancy. So you superseded that so alright. He coming for you. Shout to you for sure. For sure, For sure man. I'm gonna show some love to man. Trey Murphy 41 piece. Something slight yesterday he was hooping out My verified bucket is going to the Thompson twin, my favorite player in the league now. Yes sir. Superstar on the way. 25, 11, 11 Trippy Dub and Jalen Brunson for 42. I mean I know we see you get big numbers all the time but 42 and 10 still ain't no slight you know, crazy day at the office getting 40 and still having tendencies is crazy as well.


I'm gonna show some love de buck man. I know he missed that as free throw but 36 piece man. And then you the franchise scoring leader bro. That's real buckies for show man. So where does he rank as a a Phoenix Sun player? I know we talked about Jalen Brunson. Where does De Buck, is he better than J Kid and Steve? He better than J Kid Barkley and he ain't better than Steve Nash. He got two MVPs. Yeah. Not Steve Nash but anybody else he's up there. Barkley wasn't there long enough 'cause when they, when I looked at that, when I saw that he added a record I was like damn they had a lot of players through there and I'm like yeah but they wasn't there all that long either. Barley was on the end. Yeah, Steve n got two MVPs So you gotta two gotta put him up there. Got outside of that. Yeah. So Steve Dash de book? Yeah. Yes sir. Who third you go Mario over Chuck? Nah, I'm gonna go with Chuck 'cause he won the MV Peter there.


Respect. I'm rolling. What's up man? Shout to De book. Hey last one, not least man. NPJ hoop session 36 piece. You know what time it is for sure. Listen, this is a long ass list today man. Tuesday morning. Get well soon Be here. Who needs some encouragement? Well Shout to a goddamn Amen. Putting that boy on them skates like that yesterday we was starting out with that one. Yeah. Hallelujah. Yeah it got wicked for pressure yesterday. Precious. I I wow that in and out. Hey any got punched on? We got the bench though. The bench reaction so far. Whoever in the yellow sweatshirt. I Love I sent that to the chat. I was Is That Fred Van? See? I think so Fred. I love it Fred.


Hey cool. I was hype yesterday, I had to send that to the show. Look At him. Yeah I love that. In and Out Burger Shit got wicked. Dylan Brooks went crazy too. Wow. Look at Dylan Brooks. Hey. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah man when he get a jump shot he they gonna be fucked. Gonna be filthy bro. For sure man. I get welcome today man. It is gonna go to SGA man now he's on this, on this joint twice. But Ray Jackson caught him slipping the transition. Wow. Oh my god. Re Jackson got so much bounce he damn nerve me kill SGA. He almost went into the stands boo.


But they ain't get hyped enough. Look at they bench bro. You supposed to go crazy nigga. We are down 25 bro. I do not care. They got that ass beat but still like ain't no vibes at kc. They mad. They ready to go home. They getting their ass beat. Oh shit. Mant. Who you got man? Oh shit, I became a fan. I'm over shit. Keep on running man. I would go with Trae Young, you know my dog. Oh yeah. Trae Young game winner over Malik Beasley. Very disrespectful. Hey get well some damn well he hurt somebody else. Damn. I wasn't even saying this one but shit. Wow. Come here twins Sar cus hey baby little brother because I think one I Fought with that though because he played defense really well though.


Yeah, go back to that. How like Trae Young ke. Yeah but I was talking go back to this one 'cause it's nasty though. Wow. Come here. I, excuse me. Hey. But I was saying the game winner Malik Beasley get get healthy and get well soon because this is tough. He was playing great defense. I'm here, I'm here. Not good enough. I'm, I'm never there. He gonna fall too fuck off me. Damn man. Cold bro. I ain't gonna lie. Step back. Shout to Malik Beasley. Fuck You could just keep shit The same way from high school to college to the NBA. Yeah He played the same way and Literally makes no adjustments to his game Bro.


He been playing the same way as you adjusted to me bro. And he's, he's, he's one of the only player, I ain't gonna say only but few that literally plays the same way since high school. Him And Laila Like Straight up bro. Same way. And shout to his pop too. Every time his son win he get on Twitter and talk that shit for him. I appreciate that man. Shout out to shout out to Papa Ray man. Real one SGA started off the get well soon but we gotta show some love to SGA as well. 'cause Chris Livingston. Yeah it got spooky. Wow. That's a tough island to be out. Hey lay that too. They ain't get hype enough for me but they so used to him doing some shit. Wow. Only hardest time got hyped. They called him D Drew holiday yesterday.


Who? Livington? Yeah. Oh my God. That's dis disrespectful bro. See that's what I'm saying about these young bulls. Right. He was supposed to be one like he should have supposed to go outta high school. Right, because he went to Kentucky had terrible, terrible performances. I don't even think he played really? I don't know what happened with him at Kentucky. But it just wasn't it. Yeah, he played it just, you just didn't, it wasn't this. Yeah, but outta high school he was so, he was supposed to be like that. I think he from Akron, he was supposed to be, I remember early they was like he he baby Brian and all that shit. Damn. That's just tough to see like damn. And last but not least s still in the league though.


Oh yeah, Stefan Castle. Yeah. I'm surprised he ain't, hey I can't believe he ain't get traded. I swear to God that on bro is crazy bro. Chris Fox gonna be our last game doing that. Ah man, I'll fuck around day. You got CP though? They They gonna figure that Out buddy. Look CPS buddy as hell. Watch you get out the way nigga. You out. Yeah, CP boy. He a little bully bro. Or try to be out the way. Yeah, I don't know why they had that start you to be Chris Ball. Call him way ahead.


Oh man, that's crazy. All right.


People trying to win some money be here. What you got for him this Tuesday morning. All right Man. This is what we doing man. PJ Washington 20. Okay, Jason Tatum, 25 Jalen Green. 25 Kat will get 12 rebounds. Tyler Hero. 20 points. I'm fucking with Tyree. Halliburton tonight. 20 points. Mm. Norman Powell. 25 points. Mm a light $200 wins you $26,000 today. Yeah, 200. Get you 26 bands baby. Yeah I do. They had no power for 25. That's crazy. Oh, he's playing who tonight? Lakers? Yeah, he might. He might hoop bro. Yeah, so for sure. Lock in man. The Crown is yours man. Only at Draftings. You know what time he is. He was at promo Code Club five 20. Get you a little extra.


Listen, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back tomorrow. Same time, same place. Five 20 In The Morning for sure. The Volume.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirrorball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua Tug of ia, and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia's pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.