
Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible cleaning items from all and Cottonelle and Dinner Essentials from Daisy, Skippy, Hellman's, and Barilla plus many more. Then clip the offer in our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPT Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports Reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, an IHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women Sports


Tickets are on sale now. Y all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival. Presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boogie Thomas Rhett Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesday's, five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Join us wonderful morning Ball to brothers. To my left Bishop Hendrick. To my right, my brother Teague Fellas, how y'all doing? What's happening bro? What Up though? Chilling. Chilling man. We starting off today with some gifts man. Knowing we get gifts on five 20 Man. Got some kicks up here today. What you got beat here Man? Shout out to concepts man. Shout out to concepts. Shout to my dog Moy man. Bless the team early with the new joints to drop on Friday. New balance contests. Collab the one thousands. My bad Quality people listening to your cards right now.


You know what I'm saying? We just taking, taking some shoes out man. New kicks out the box. These Is hard though man. We appreciate concepts. They gave everybody a period so For sure I rock with them. New balance. 1000. That was a fire. Yeah, I Rock with 'em. OG vibes man. They're making a comeback this season. Yeah, For sure man. A lot of news man. Hey I want to start with this a five year covid anniversary five years ago today they shut down a league. Somebody tested positive in the NBA for Covid and the clip that they showed in this Vince's last game. Yeah. Well do you remember that moment? Like where everything said everybody shut down the league and shit? 'cause obviously you was playing that game. Yeah, I remember one of the security dudes that was working at In Atlanta for a super long time came pulled me to the side and was like, man they about to shut the the league down.


Somebody tested positive for Covid From y'all? Nah, it was just, I can't remember. I think it might've been Rudy Bert. Oh. Or Donovan Mitchell. One of them had tested positive for Covid. Mm. And he was like, they about to shut the league down. So I went. I was like damn, You know you kind of surprised. But they told Vince, Vince went out there. That's Crazy buckets Last game ever bro. Got the season got shut down. That's crazy. A natural disaster. That's crazy. That was five years ago. Like literally The world changed bro. Yeah. Damn. Kids at home right now on this virtual shit for Covid.


Man that was up man. All the kids who started off like my kid kindergartners in Covid. It was ugly bro. Yes. Ain't recovered since. That's crazy man. They had to shut everything down seeing the people leave the stands and shit's crazy. First comment, was it Rudy Go Bear's fault? Yes. What is that? Hmm? I just remember that day. It was, it was, it was kind of crazy. Yeah, I remember they told us we had to go home 'cause they ain't know if they was shutting the league down. They was just like, go home, we'll let y'all know and probably be shutting down for a week or whatever it was. I just drove to Indianapolis. What, when, what month did the league pick back up?


Was that January? Not January The bubble wasn't until like summer right? Yeah. We was so sad that year I ain't even had to go to the bubble. I forgot Teams got to Yeah except for deny the invitation to the bubble. If you weren't good enough it was pointless. For real. Yeah. We didn't even make the bubble. Bubble was just for playoff teams. Man, that's crazy. 'cause Bubble basketball boys was hooping for real. Like they, they really need a real documentary about that whole situation. I know it'd be a lot of snitching involved but we really need to see dirt because that was crazy. Basketball for them to like the RS championship that are crazy conditions to play basketball. And for real It is bro. Is it really though? Yeah Bro, You, you away from your family isolated like, I mean I know it's a little bit better than most people quarantine but bro you to Me it's just basketball though bro.


Like I ain't knocking it or nothing. But that's, that's not like the heart championship to win bro. Like It kind of is different bro. The world was fucked up bro. The world has never been in a situation like that. You gotta do all that testing and stuff like that's the hard part. I'm like, I'm talking about is it hard to just be in a five star hotel and Play basketball. That's what the hell I'm talking about. I mean it is hard because I, I get it 'cause I, I live that life before it like doing the same, being like in that place every single day and no access to nobody else And like it is hard being around some dudes the whole time. It is low key.


I ain't saying it's prison. It's like luxury prison a little bit. You can't see your family, you can't go outside. You can't interact with nobody Bro. They tried to put Daniel House on the cross bro. 'cause he was just trying to get some action in there bro. Bro they that's crazy. And it was too much money about for 'em to have outside people testing That. The living part is hard. I'm just talking about going out and playing bro. Going Out. No, I think hooping that was, that was gonna be easy for Me. Yeah, I'm just talking about the basketball part of it. Like see the hard part about the NBA is the travel part. Like playing a game and traveling. Mm. Like if you didn't, I ain't gonna lie, I probably would've been nice in the bubble. I ain't have to travel. Yeah. That was my problem. Like staying in hotels and like play a game. Fly out to a new city.


Sit lay there, get up, play another one. Sometimes y'all flight get delayed like all kind of stuff. But if you just sitting there like a a U tournament. I'm just saying you got everything inside that you need. If you wanna go work out, you want to eat. All that is just right there bro. Just who I was cracking up but they showed them first place they had that hotel. They was pissed. Yeah, The food and stuff probably wasn't been a struggle. I'm sure they food was probably Depending on who you are. I'm I'm sure they fool was Trash. There was a lot of millionaires than there eating at IP S Much man. Yeah. Brian wasn't eating high pack copay. What you mean that probably motivated old boy for the pay. Who was that? That was killing? Dang. TJ Warren.


Nah TJ Warren was the, I told you one of the coldest I ever seen T Bubble bro. Jamal Murray aid in the bubble like Nah Mitchell. Yeah bro. So I don't know For sure man. Shout out to that man before we get to the basketball. NFL free agency went crazy yesterday just gonna run through a couple situations that took place Justin Fields to the Jets. Man looked like a promising situation man. Justin spent a lot of money yesterday upgrading that team. Sam Donald to the Seahawks for 110 s. That boy came up. The Rams got Devonte Adams, Josh Allen 330 be here. What you doing if you get 3 35 years? Man, I don't know bro. That's a, that's a hell of hell of a piece of change though. He deserve it though. Deserve MBP.


He deserve it For sure. Miles Gar said yeah give me outta Cleveland. They said no take 160 M's. I love C Cleveland again. He chilling. I thought about you when happened. She chilling. I would never leave. He chilling man. Get that paper I want to get traded. Well we got 160 million for you. I love it. Again, All the problems were solved. Yeah. Shout to dk VAB as well. Went to the Steelers for 150 s. Man. Man Damn he got one 50. Yeah Got paid five year, one 50 earned. Yeah that's what's up. Whoa. I wonder, I wonder what they Come Somebody mad. Yeah some receiver is mad right now. Well shit you looking at those wide receivers in Cincinnati, they happy about that one 50 'cause that mean the price just went up.


Yeah but T Higgins is pissed. They They franchising McGee. Yeah that's dirty work. Yeah, I don't know the business too well a football but franchise tagging me for two years is crazy bro. Let me go. Yeah, Fuck For sure. But listen man, Western conference player of the week SGA averaging 44 5 and seven four oh on a week. Your boy Trey Young Eastern conference player of the week averaging 25 and 13 3 0 1 on the week as well. Man. Cooper Flagg energy guy. He got a CC rookie of the year. End player of the year almost averaging 27 and five. It lasts but certain like least man Pat Kel a CC coach of the year Damnit 25 and six turn our whole entire program around in one year.


He's the goat. We need him on the show bro. Shout Out to coach Kel. Man. He was crazy as hell when I was in college. Little little mean little pit bull. He was five, he like five eight. He was the big man coach. I'm glad he was. I I Kelsey the longest way bro. He was five eight the big man coach. He used to be so hard on the guys but he used to motivate you like no other. That's why I knew he was gonna be a successful coach 'cause he can get you to run through a brick wall bro. I ain't even like defense but he used to get me to play defense and then he used to like, I don't know. I knew he was gonna be good at Louisville for sure.


I'm hype for him, I'm happy for him. His family's dope. He's dope. So Hey man Louisville In good hands obviously. First year coach of the conference man went crazy man. Turn their turn us around one year man. He's a legend of my eyes. Let's get straight to it man. Knuck got, they get back yesterday with the victory over the thunder. One 40 to 1 27 yo went crazy. 35 18 to eight. Jamal Murray back on that bullshit again. 34 6 and four SGA had 25 and seven. Lou Dor Hooped out with 26 and seven J de got hurt early into the game but he had 12 points before he left. Man did I catch any to this game yesterday? Yeah, Just a little bit. I hope it ain't too serious with Jaylen Williams 'cause they really need him for the playoff run So light hip injury.


Hope he all is well for sure. Yeah but hey man with Jamal Murray on that man the nuggets are a tough team to deal with. They are man they probably the scariest team on the west side for sure. Man Outta outta all the teams to me they probably the only team that's really, really legit scary For sure that could beat everybody over there And you gotta beat them four times. That's the crazy part. The reason they scary 'cause obviously they got the best player in the NBA Love Yoic is like that. We know that. I wouldn't be even mad if he won the MVP. He is having a phenomenal year. I mean SGA deserve it. I thought he should have won it last year. But what Luca, I mean Luca what Yoka is just doing is crazy.


Averaging a triple double 29, 13 to 10. That's crazy. Like if he won the M-V-P-I-I promise you I wouldn't be mad Not this year. Last year I was mad this year I'll be like shit. Like if that's really not comparable bro. It's not bro. But if y'all going by the rules go by the fucking rules. Okay go by the rules like I'm number one and I'm killing bro. All the shit that they take. 'cause if that's the case he should win it every year. 'cause I'm, I'm better than everybody every year. I mean that's, that's what's been an argument. But I don't see why like now not saying nothing against what you're saying but I'm like you can't move the goalpost now that SGA is right here.


Yeah I'm number one. It It was the same thing last year though. Yeah Don't fss me two years in a row. Yeah, Yeah. Brot do that two years in a row bro. Requirements is for me to have the best team, be the best world or best team. I'm doing that again bro. I average 32. Jesus Christ. But that's it. I average 30 10 and 10 but dude average 30, 12 and 10. The number next to each other ain't a five conversation. What you for Like 13. I always talk about you gotta win games. They are game Make the Allstar team, you gotta win games. Win p they number. I'm winning the most games. They number two in the west.


Jesus Christ. And you lost 13, 11 more games than me. That's cool. No it is not. I have a way better record than you. I'm too in the west but my stats are way better than you. Oh bro. No I don't care bro. That's bs. That is bs. You getting cheated if he don't get Yes Bro. The rules of the NBA move all the time bro. No, just keep giving it to the best player in the league then the best players should get the best awards then. Fuck winning That ain't they? They ain't winning. You act like they're not winning. You're not winning more than me. If that's the case, Donovan Mitchell could be MVP. No my stats is way better than yours. I'm just saying. You Talking about winning Once, that is way better than yours.


You talking about winning? No, but I, my stats are way better than yours. I'm the best Stats Yoki Stats are way better than His and I won way more games than him. You Won 11 more. I'm still two in the west though. Don't matter her bro. I was quiet bro. SJ like you said, had to deal with the injuries. Come On bro. Nothing bro. I was quiet. I mean they had injuries too though. The nuggets. That is true For sure. At one point Westbrook was starting. Yeah, Aaron Gordon missed a lot for sure man. It'd be a hell of a conversation man. Hopefully sj They lost kcp. They Did. They championship team picked some of the core got split up a little bit. What? A lot of niggas got DPS Last night. Jamal, Jamal Murray didn't play yo, he just started hoop For sure.


The best player in the league. There's no argument here. But don't take my award away Bro. I don't care Bro. I I ain't gonna lie, I don't care who win it. They ain't gimme no money For sure. Man. Shout KC for sure. Lakers took a L yesterday to the Nets. Who won 11 and 1 0 8. Luke had 22 and 12 and 12 Trippy Dub. But he went April 26 yesterday. Yeah Lakers cook Three for 10 from the three officer Res 17 to 10 yesterday three for 14. Damn. And Cam Johnson had 18 yesterday. They shot bad concerned the loss yesterday without LeBron. They just shot bad yesterday. Nah, LeBron make all that shit easier.


Okay. He, he make it easier. I mean obviously Luca can do whatever he wanna do. He miss shots but he make it easier on Austin Reeves. He make it easier on everybody else. Yeah, for sure. He Draw so much attention. Yeah. Y'all shoot bad like that and still lose by three. Yeah. Okay. Yeah You look at I gotta win that game while Brian out though. Yeah. I feel you gave Vincent Hooped out yesterday. Can you scroll please? I wanna see the, yeah, April 12, April 18 do connect. Got that bitch up yesterday. Oscar re three 14 is crazy. Luca, April 26 is crazy. Do connect caught a crazy boom last night. Nah, Straight up went crazy.


I just don't like the, the Lakers are good but they, I just hate they jerseys. I never liked the yellow and gold whatever y'all purple and gold. Whatever it is. They do call it purple and gold. That's crazy too. Them jerseys yellow on the off. Yeah Yellow. Yellow and purple. Purple and gold. I don't, They do call purple and Gold. Never been a fan of those colors but I like they black jerseys. That was it. Mm. What's the other one they had though? Didn't they have some white ones? Yeah, the Sunday White jerseys. Yeah. You Don't fool with them. I just, I hate home. Ever since Magic wore them knee pads or wherever you was. I just, he Brought swag down. Swag was ass. Shorts was little. I Those Laker shorts are disgusting.


I just never was fan. The Short shorts almost came back. The little kids had that rocking on the a U Circuit. Jalen Brown started that mess. I remember you Remember that shit. Team their draws, I was coaching him at Adidas Nations and he had them little shorts on. I said what you doing man? For real bro. Like that. That look never Bro. Had to get his whole program for long. Shorts Way to hold you them jerseys is better than like these new jerseys. I hate the spacing of the layers on those jerseys. That shadow is dumb. Like them Is better than like, like go look at Luca Jerry. If Denny ain't whooping in Hot Top Forces, please go back to that picture when you get a chance. Nah, he probably got on some Converse.


Nah, Denny ain't has some some light ears on. How y'all, y'all damn what are them shoes called that Y got in Atlanta air Shoes Air shit. Oh he could never, oh he Fresh in the hot top forces me. He getting the shit off. He fresh something He the shit off before She eat with with the socks. With them socks. Heat, Low key bus. Oh my mama he fresh. Why his magic got some knee pads on though? I Know it was nothing bro. Off the Court. I respect I'm nothing bro. That's nothing. I never was a fan of that color wave bro. I don't Think knee pads is a part of our era But Go check Word Look, I don't That Luca Jersey weak like said the Luca jersey weak Because he's 77 too.


But that mug is weak. I look at it jersey. That must have been when his daddy was born or something. It just don't look good. Wa he 77. So 77 second up with a 55 55. I ain't rolling with them jerseys. I don't know that just me respect for sure. What is white? They don't look crazy. Yeah, them yellow ones is we go Get welcome to a Lakers. Man. Warriors took care of business yesterday. One 30 to one 20. Man listen. 12 and one since Jimmy been there man. Ah, I mean y'all, y'all know how I feel. About 15, 10 to 10. The Jimmy Butler effect he just make you, he raised the level of play around people. Yes Sir.


He make you play harder. He make you, You know he just make you care a little bit more. Like I don't know. He just got this effect about him. That usually make you give a, give a damn. I guess Man impact is real bro. Trippy. W like we said, Steph had 24 man, he's 2K, I mean he's two threes away. Excuse me from 4,000 which is crazy. Hitting 4,000 threes the same. Bless you. Who's the next man up besides that? It's crazy. I would love To the 4,000 is wild. James Haren probably ain't too far. Nah he gotta be at least top dimmer five. He Gotta be like Reggie and Ray Allen now has to be just look up top three pointers of all time.


Jimmy got the Warriors 12 to one is Yeah I figured. I'm say top five boy. Shout Out to Dame Lil boy. You in everything boy. You and everything. Brian being seven is crazy. Paul George Freaky Cal, Kyle Corry. Yeah. Damn. Shout to Jason Terry. Damn Jason. Terry went crazy. I'm asleep Buddy Hill, Eric Gordon. Damn Buddy Hill. How on that list Eric Gordon Top 20 Fire Mike Conley being 24. Crazy Joe Johnson 20. Dang I ain't know Joe. Shout that many theories. Damn Rashard Lewis got paid in that corner.


Damn K Love Big man. Okay that's Fire. Damn CJ McCullum is 21. Damn. We definitely got show more respect. I mean we always got respect for him but damn we got more than JJ Reddick for sure man. Shout out tos like you said man we're single with Jimmy. They just a different team man. 12 One is fired bro. And nobody's gonna break 4,000 threes. That's gonna be his record. Ah Yeah. Forever and ever. Yeah James being that close, I mean being second and that far off is crazy. Nobody's gonna ever catch that bro. His number is 700. That's insane man. Wardell to go for sure man. Shout out to the warrior. Celsius got a victory yesterday over the jazz one 14 to 1 0 8. Sam House work crazy yesterday.


He hit seven threes in third quarter. Talk about a heat check. That shit was crazy. They just had, they just had people on that team who just, just go crazy man. That's what I mean bro. That's unfair bro. You don't know. What do you do Any given night bro? Anybody on that team would go hit six three some Having 33 points is nuts. Seven three's in the third quarter is crazy. Yeah Because what are you doing? Shout to jazz. I mean I know I ain't trying to win right now but that's just nasty. Shout to John Collins though. He held down 28 and 10. JB had 26 and eight as well. Did they rely on three too much? No, 'cause they hit him in win championships with him. So I don't even know how to counter with this. They just the Celtics bro.


They gonna do what they gonna do. Yeah, they got too many people that could shoot a three so you can't even say that. Yeah at a, at a hot clip as well too. Yeah. That's crazy. Ain't even much to say they about to ass situation. Man. Grizzlys took care of the sons yesterday. One 20 to one 18. Did you see that be here? Yeah man it Was a hell of a game. Got a little chippy. I was disappointed man. I had, I had the sun guns winning that one Man ain't smoke that shit. Yeah KD man behave yourself bro. You gotta chill bro. Nah bro. He turned Cam Spencer can't talk to me. He turned, IM Kevin Red. Ken Spencer can't talk to me. He Turned it into the villa bro. That was a, that was a Chippy game though. For sure. For sure. I mean K Hooped out. He had 35 yesterday. Ja went crazy with 29 and 12.


Yeah he book Hooped out with 26 and nine. Man one game back and forth place Bro. That's just crazy. One game out man. What you think the Grizzlies can do man? Can they creep up? They can pass the Lakers or LeBron out. Only a couple games out from passing the nuggets. They gonna pass the Lakers but they ain't going to pass the Nuggets. Okay. Nah not the nuggets. I mean would you rather see the Rockets or the Warriors If you The Grizzlies. I Think the Warriors gonna catch all of 'em though. Damn. I do. They got plenty enough time too, too. That'd be crazy. Where do you think the Warriors get to? Four.


Hmm? The Lakers drop outta that with LeBron out. Okay. Yeah They go to what five shoot then what's that? The the Four or five Matchup Lakers versus Warriors would be fire. Oh the NBA ain't gonna let that happen. Somebody gonna get moved. That warrior Be Why they, they need them to advance. They don't wanna see them first round. They wanna throw a monkey wrench and this shit. Nah 'cause they know it's gonna go seven. It's gonna be Mm. They gonna be hype That that'll be a fire series. That would be a hell of a series.


But they know they gotta NBA know they gotta push a new a new team 'cause they know LeBron got a year or two left. Mm. So they gotta start pushing new players, new team. That's why they be pushing Yoic and them so much. That's why you see the nuggets on TV so much. They good. Yo is just great. But they gotta start pushing something. Like when the Warriors and Lakers folks started winning it was like oh shit we put 'em back on TV again. We up, we back up, we back up. They was trying to push something different when they was bad. The Warriors. Warriors for sure wasn't on TV And they shouldn't have next year. You think we get a lot of thunder games on tv? No That's crazy. That's Crazy because you're not wrong but it's still crazy.


The market made it that's all. Nah it's just 'cause they used to get a lot of games when KD and them was there. It's the star power. Like dude SG fire, he code he can hoop but his star power just, we like him, we understand him off the court and all that. But his star power as far as the the whole world. Yeah he dont have that rust effect. Nah or For sure not kd. Yeah And they had James Hart. It is. Yeah. Well 'cause we grew up with kd. We done seen KD since he was 17. Yeah. The world didn't knew KD forever.


Yeah that is different. He like a quiet star for sure. I mean that's very fair. Like you said Fame for him then. Yes. Like all they team, everybody on their team was like late bloomers, You know what I mean? Like nah for real. When you ain't hear about SG ain't we? When he was at Kentucky he was cool. Yeah when he was at the Clippers he was just okay. He promised a developing player. Yeah. Chet probably the only one that had a name. Yeah, Jalen Williams was Yeah he went to Santa Clara. Nobody knew him. They all got better in the league. Yeah. And Chet really ain't hit his stride yet to be a star. Star. He he known. Yeah that's what I'm saying.


He was known but popularity wise He ain't had no star moment yet. Like he been hurt. So Most definitely that's Different For sure. Same with this game. I know they were talking about possibly getting three first round picks for KD for They they may be on tv. They on tv they do that three First round picks for kd. Yeah. Okay C they on tv. They could definitely make that happen as well. I seen they said possibly de book trade for four first round picks. I'm like they're not trading de book this trade KD I not trading. I don't know where de book could go. You keep him man this trade kd, If I was debunk I would wanna stay. That's his franchise bro. There's no reason you can build around that again.


But for sure we shall see Super chat Brandy team. The problem with the bucks is Brooke is too slow. Doc can't coach Shae play no D. We play yo with Giannis. The nuggets will be a 65 plus win team. They got great coaching cutters, defenders and efficient shooters. Alright. All Right. Shit you told us Yeah Respect. There wasn't no question. Yeah you just wanna get your shit off. Yeah. Shout Out to brand team Desmond asked and the super chat SGA has shot 200 more free throws than KD 170 more free throws than Aunt Brunson. All of them y'all know they call him a free throw merchant. Is he MVP if a third of his points comes from the free throw line? Yes. That's part of scoring a ball.


James Harden. Shit we already looked up. He shot a gang of free throws too. But that's his ability to attack. He's always in attack mode. He don't shoot as many threes as the rest of these guys. Anthony Edwards shoots a ton of threes. Jaylen Brunson a ton of threes. KD shoots really all gym shots. So me range to threes. So he's a attacking player. He gets to the realm. His last resort is a midi like he's taking you if you get back to his step back. Midi. Yeah he plays in the paint basically. Well at the end of the day just stop fouling. He get a lot of cheek fouls too though. Yeah he Get a superstar whistle for sure.


Yeah he get a lot of calls. He's not as bad as Jalen Brussel. Jaylen Bruss is unbelievable. Jalen Brunson is cold but that Fal ba stuff he do be od sometimes. I'd be like damn bro just go hoop and B does the same shit like y'all are too good to be doing it all the fucking time. But if you get free throws out of it, how can you hate Learned from Paul Pierce bro Paul Pierce was the goal of that. Fal Bating is nasty work bro. But like you said he a superstar for show. Alright man. A couple games took place last night. Hawks took care of the 76 ERs yesterday. 1 32 to 1 23. Dyson Daniels Hooped out 25 and nine. Young Zachary had 22 and eight as well. Qu Grimes on his kill streak right now. He 35 and seven. He might be my favorite too guard in the league. Right. Quinn Grimes is going crazy.


Quin Grimes, he might, Hey I might have a new franchise player. Quentin Grimes Might be a different payday for him. Boy Quinn Grimes out there getting to it. Y'all really holding him back. Move around Tyrese. Nah for real. Maxie keep kill him so we can trade you Maxie. Fuck outta here. Max Maxie holds me back. He in away shoot 30 shots when I'm on The court. Listen You shoot 30 and I'm on the court. I'm Nah you are playing for a new contract. Nah I am locked the seal here sir. That's a fuck what Happened when Jeremy King come back next year They got into quick rounds. Get out the mud. Nah, You got the bud bro. You gotta be six man. Okay you And You and PG gotta come off the bench bro.


Yeah hop in his real get out the Way bro. It is quiet. You And PG gotta come Off the bench. Shout to Quinn gr though bro. I wish you well. Hey I'm gonna say right now if $50 million come off the bench head Too bro. He Quinn grounds better than him right now Bro. Pg come off the bench bro. Philly fans will lose they shit. And I went to On some real shit, I don't think they care. He got moved to the three. They so mad at him right now. He Got moved to the three bro putting ground the two. They They are mad at PG right now. I don't even know who they four is. Who they for? And our Real yesterday did not make it no better. Oh. Oh boy. Damn. Damn it is Kelly. They seem sucks. Simple and plain.


Yeah it just a bad team. It well soon man. Yeah he definitely got Booty WWE bro. That's what I'm saying. They had him right now. Oh they Bull. PGWW. Yeah bro. Yeah. Damn. I don't know why they giving him, listen, I'm a PG fan like I know me and him didn't see eye to eye when I play for the Pacers. So people think it's something else but he really cold. Definitely And he, that wasn't his, this is not his fault. Let's be honest bro. This all starts with MB. Mm All this comes from mb. MB Healthy MB can play. They a different team.


They had no chemistry to start the season. MB was out. We live with MB though bro. Not to give you no real pushback but we live with mb. That is our son for another, somebody, a stepson to come in here and behave like our real son. No bro. No. Nah bro. No he got injured. I'm giving PG the injury effect. He got injured. It's not his fault he got injured. I'm not blaming him for nothing. But you went to a team, you ain't done bro. You went to a team that You know that fan base is out of pocket. Yeah. But You put yourself in this position. Nah, I didn't. I put myself in a great position 'cause y'all the dummies they gave me four years. Two 20 million.


I mean no get your money. But I'm saying don't be don't be emotional then. Gangster. You chilling, chilling. Gangster man ain't going Wwe. They poor nigga still Y'all wanna hear from me. Ain't no po. Oh oh y'all wanna crack jokes. I won't PO no more. I still get 50 million and we Still gonna lose. And I'm still don't Give a fuck and I'm gonna sit now. I'm sitting out Now I'm fucking with it. See Yeah, I'm rolling. Yeah, yeah. Quick go hoop. Yeah. Matter of fact pg don't play next to see, Look at these niggas. See look at it. He from, it's Not gonna affect your legacy at all. Y'all already suck. Like it is not gonna affect his legacy. It please. He retired today bro. Nobody's gonna care about this Philly shit in 10 years.


We're talking about we not gonna care next week. This is, this is, this is Shaq in Boston. Celtic. I Swear to God. Oh no. Shaq Cleveland. Shaq Cleveland. I don't really Care for real. Shaq in Phoenix With the Sonics Did not care bro. Y don't really have nothing to do with I'm just saying those people, Your legendary days was the Pacers and the Clippers. I mean Pacers are KC Clippers. You, you did your thing with the Clippers too. But boy, nobody care about this Philly run. We never thought Philly was gonna win a chip. Nobody, nobody has success in Philly but in me and Al Iverson Listen I ain't gonna hold you. As soon as that team was assemble, you said Yeah I don't believe in it.


Day one. Not at all. Like that team is trash. But whoever has success in Philly besides ai, Evan Turner And Angel, no ET never has success in Philly. Not even Andre Goodall. Nobody has success in Philly. Like it is not like that. MB and Al Iverson, they're the only two people that they love. That's Joyus Irving Stretch bro. And Moses Malone. Julius Irving, They're damn near together. Yeah. Yeah. And Charles Barkley, they, I don't know if they love Chuck but Nah, Chuck dipped out 'cause they wasn't, they wasn't shooting no shit either. Get your fat ass on to Chuck. But Everybody else that played there. Oh Yeah, Wil Wil. All right. Wil killed everywhere. Yeah I Guess I they wanted Drew Holiday out there.


He is aware. Drew Holiday left and became a hall of famer. They got Lou will out there. He go win a bunch of six men of the year award. Talk about it. Well Ain't nobody when Tobias Harris, he leave Philly, he goes to they being successful in Detroit. Detroit. They hated him. He go to Detroit. I don't lie. I believed in that Jimmy Butler and Tobias Harris squad. They Ben Simmons. They have run it back. Yeah, they should have ran it back. That was okay too. They paying For the Cents about paying Jimmy. They ain't pay Jimmy. They Jimmy. Hey, hey go. Yeah Ben Simmons. I ain't giving Mo cheeks. Mo Cheeks was decent out there. They got Doug Collin over Ben Simmons Just saying don't Bro just talking about like winning and the team.


I mean nobody really had real success out there besides like real love. Like they was so Ally, Everson, Joel, l and b, they like players for sure. Yeah, but PG bro you, you straight Shit. I man just out bro. Yeah. Shout to the seven sixties man. Shout out to Quinn gr whooping my boy. Matter of fact sit out to they trade you then go somewhere. No then go somewhere like to buy hair and be that nerd and have a successful season. One Thing this pod is not for is advice Time for your heart Leave Because I was hating Tamma Harris. Man. Tamma Harris left and now he loved in Detroit.


Hey we be here. Always say go. We celebrate. Oh My momma bro. I that definitely not where you tolerated. I'm just saying if you need Al, come talk to Us. Hey we'll get you out the contract. Nah, the Contract, well $50 million In the contract. Somebody you in a bad situation. 50 say That if he sits down on $50 million, they are going to lose their mind. He ain't gotta sit down. He just go to The, if PG come off the bishop, you're here to go. We gonna have a different conversation. Who here bro? He's a goat bro. Off the bishop with With a 50 piece. You that nigga bro. Ground boy you're playing with. Yeah, Out Go crazy. Oh my God man. Y'all are ill For sure man. Moving on the morning. Speed. 1 0 5 and 1 0 2 miles with crazy. Yesterday 35, 5 and five.


Melo 15, 10 and six. Man. Bam. Had 23 and 14. Your had 21 love. Love the heat. It's time for the heat to blow up Too. Free bound. Yeah. This time for the whole organization just to start over like let Pat Riley just go ahead and retire man. Sit down somewhere. You a E eight. Yeah bro. Let's just start it over. Let Eric f run the team from the top to the bottom. Be the coach and the gm. Like just let 'em do it. I'm rolling. I just start over bro. Yeah, you look at The roster because what's the heat rankings right now? Where they at in the stands? Oh Boy. They, they have vacations planned.


Yeah, like ninth. They gonna get in the play in they On the four game Luther streak too. They Gonna be like this though. Every year they don't got nobody that move a needle. Tyler Hero had a good year. Bam. He do the same shit every year. He gonna be good defensive player. They don't got nobody that move a needle like Jimmy was. They guy, they let Jimmy go. Jimmy was they star. We Gonna always get 20 but he ain't gonna never like What did he get last night? 19. He ain't gonna move a needle or like Yeah, they ain't super effective too. Yeah, they switch nothing around. Yeah, they actually got a decent team. It just, they damning the Pacers bro. You don fuck up. They don't Got no, they are, they don't got no Pascal On me and they don't got no Tyree.


I mean Tyler Hero, he equivalent to Tyrese. Hallberg. Oh. Have you seen the Pacers without him. But we are a JV team Without him. It is a different effect. Tyler Harris's a star. I'm not slighting it, but yeah, Tys, I'm, I'm okay with Tyler Hero BA and Wig. Well that's tough. That's that's 500. I'm Cool. Yeah, you, You that it's 500. But I'm saying I'm the Pacers. We the same type of team bro. They not like us. I think If they had, this ain't no this. I love Andrew Wiggins but they had Pascal said Andrew Wiggins, they would be a different team. Oh nigga, that'd be hard. Pascal and Ba. That's tough. It'd be a different, That's tough.


Now I'm not accepting that trade off up with Wiggins. But no we, we did not accept that Trade. I'm I'm circumstances. I'm not saying it's Trey. I'm just saying if that's who they had as a third player, They would be cold. It would be a different team for sure. And I love wig. He just not that aggressive player like that. For sure Get well soon to the heat Raptors secure the wishes yesterday one 19 to 1 0 4. Man. AJ Lawson went crazy. 32 and 12. Well The other person Alex R? Yeah, Alex R has 16 pool party has 16. Who is AJ Lawson? I ain't gonna even hold you. He came from Dallas in the trade year. Everybody who was leaving Dallas is hooping him. Quitting Grimes. Apparently all you gotta do is get away from the Mavericks And you can hoop out.


Shout out to AJ Lawson For sure. Man. What school he went to? South Carolina. Damn. I ain't, I ain't, this ain't no shade boy. I ain't never heard of him. Hey, shout to him. Take his advantage. He Just, hey I'm about to go check his highlights out For sure. Bulls beat the Patriot yesterday built a ass situation actually 1 21 to 1 0 3. Josh Giddy had 29, 10 and four. Josh Giddy has been hooping the last two months for sure. Yes. Kobe White does what he does best. He got 29 and seven yesterday. They kicked our ass yesterday. No Tyrese. He better play Not against the Bucks Man. Josh Giddy about to get an extension or he already got one. That is A good question.


I forgot offhand. I don't know. I'm not really a Josh Giddy fan. He a good basketball player but I don't like his game. He's not the Bobs. I mean I ain't talking about his off the court shit. I'm talking about just watching him hoop On court. He's not the Bobs. Oh yeah. Is he? Oh he up for Extension. Alright, so why you doing that? Keep hooping. Yeah, he probably get a four year 75 80. That's another team. What the hell y'all doing? The Bulls? Nothing. Jesus. Yeah. Rebuild free Kobe White for Sure. You know bad between Yeah, bad vibes for sure. Around there.


Who's scoring big in NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props money lines, you name it, DraftKings. Got it All new customers. Now that's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets easily. Take us to the record to draft Kings Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today. Use Code Club five 20. Yes, that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets but just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


Hey There, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible snacks like Lay's chips, garden veggie straws, planters nuts or sweet treats from m and ms and Oreo plus many more. Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me. It gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. I'm rocking AKA the magic. Yesterday, 97 to 84. Jabari Hooped out 20 and seven. Ben Carroll had 25 and five friends had 15 and seven. Simple game yesterday. Good win for the Rockets. They definitely needed that.


Mavs beat the Spurs yesterday. 1 33 to 1 29. Mr. Denwood. He went crazy. He had 28 and seven. Clay had 26 as well. Harrison Barnes OG performance yesterday with 29 and eight. Nicks beat the sleeves off the Kings yesterday. 1 33 to 1 0 4. Kat did his thing. 26 and nine. Welcome back. Yeah, back on road. OG had 24 8 and seven. Malik Mo had 21. Zach Levi had 17 even though he'd been killing recently. But tonight's game. Wanna see how y'all feel about 'em? First up. Nets at calves. Calves Cs. Yeah, like work wizards at Pistons. Pistons. Bucks at Pacers. Pacers gotta have game for us. Gotta have game for us.


Clippers at pelicans. Pelicans clips. Oh we going pelicans. All right. Shout to Trey. Murph dog. Yeah, Yeah. Zion playing Freaky Z Super chat questions be here. Shout out where I buy laces. We got you. Oh man. Right on henny x.com man. Tap in for sure. Make sure You put that last X where it's gonna pop up something else. Oh man. Okay. Hey freaky. Mike said he going on the website now. Freaky. Mike said it yesterday online. He said he got some merch to put on the website. Freaky Mike t-shirts coming soon. Oh yeah, I got it. You know he in the seven 20 deal. So What you don't get for the first six you get from Netflix? Yeah. He getting paid after the first a hundred T-shirts to sold.


God Damn Respect. Super Chad. Deacon asks, y'all think Toronto can contend if they land the top three pick because they can trade picks and assets for Lalo too. No. Nah, They got A lot. Absolutely. Absolutely Not. They got a lot to figure out. It is quiet for Toronto. Yeah. Super quiet. Shout to the rappers though. I'm sure he'll love to be there though. Alright man. Verify buckets B. He Who was getting to it yesterday? Man, gotta give it the big yolk. 35, 18 and eight. That's fire man. Best player in the league. Slight work. Tell you who you got. I'm gonna go with our dog man. Miles. Bridges man. One for 35 piece For sure.


Show some little bit job man. 29 and 12 yesterday. Handle business. Good. Comeback yesterday last but certainly not least. KD went crazy with 35 yesterday to the og. All right, give. Well soon be here. Who needs some encouragement this morning? Tyler Hero man wrote a clip of Little Melo. Know the vibes Bow And a step back. Yicky. Oh man. Best one layer bro. Since dirt. It's not about wins, loss, it's about plays like that. Keep hooping the mellow fucker. What they talking about? Yes. Y'all think he'll be in Charlotte next year? They want me get rid of you.


It's just 'cause he always hurt. Mm He be doing this thing though. That's tough. Alright, see who you got. I'm gonna say get well soon to my boy Walker. Kessler. Hey. He is a first Team. Yeah. A bad night Though. First team I'll get well soon. Yeah, he Play a bad night. He stay on. You can go to both of 'em. Don't matter 'cause he's on both his cliffs. Yeah, just Roll both of 'em. Yeah. JB, excuse me. Hey, I told y'all he gets dunked on every day. He Is shot blocker Bro. See that's his bro. Show him blocking a shot. Damn. I want his get well soon on somebody else. One day we show him every week getting poked on bro.


And You know how Jelle McGee was shaking the fool. This is Walker Kissinger. Forget well soon. And we can't even be mad at him 'cause he doing his job contesting shots and dunks. But god damn Everybody's capitalizing on him man. He A shot like he gonna get Dunked on. Come on. Derrick White wrote a clip. He on that Island Bow Bro. Oh know man. Hey, hey Free Walker Ler dog. He on deserve this shit man. Oh man. He only person out there playing that heart out. He needs to take a break from the get Well soon segment from month. I don't wanna see his name on this list bro. You know what's crazy?


There's another clip I didn't put on here Because JB crossed Him too. Nah bro. That's crazy. Aw man. Shout to Harry Bellafonte for sure. Alright, be here. What you got for him today? Try win some bread. Oh my God guys, it was slow on draft keys today with Shout out to the guys. Scott Draft. I mean Dame Little for 20. Tyrese for 20. Jordan Poole for 20 K for 25. Darius Garland for 20. Kim Thomas for 20. Koal Leonard for 25, 2 50. Win you $10,000 today. Two 50 win you 10 bands. Yeah, man. Ain't mad at it at all. Shout to Draft Kings. Listen man, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back same time tomorrow morning, five 20 in the Morning.


The Volume. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking All State first, like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check All State first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions, and availability. All State, fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois. Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's stock up savings time now through March 27th. Spring in for storewide deals and earn four times a point. Look for in-store tags to earn on eligible beverage items like Red Bull and Sparkling Ice or breakfast favorites like Kellogg's Pop-Tarts, Kellogg's Frosted Flakes, and Kellogg's Eggo Waffles plus many more.


Then clip the offer on our app for automatic event long savings. Stack up those rewards. To save even more restrictions, apply. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed l PT tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And We've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, an IHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women Sports.