
This is an iHeart podcast.


Pro Paint days are back at Lowe's and my Lowe's Pro Rewards members can save even more with limited time deals. Right now, buy one, get one half off. Select HGTV Home by Sherwin Williams Primer and Ceiling paint. Plus, get free same day delivery to your job site when you order by 2:00 PM. Offer valid through six 13, delivery by 8:00 PM subject to driver availability. Additional terms, apply clos.com/same day delivery for details.


The NBC nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broca. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there. Force firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be No. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get Right back there and It's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The volume.


Good morning, happy Tuesday is five 20 morning your favorite sports show brought to you by Boost Mobile.


Hey man, shout out to my dog man. Happy Birthday to Young Nacho. My boy pulled up to work on his Bday man. How you what man? The grind don't stop day. Yeah, it was free before old. Yeah. Wow. OGT wrote a cliff for my dog man. 12 clock got real. Damn. Y'all gotta holler At each other. Come on man. We had to load up the Drake for my boy man. Boy, them days long gone. Wow. And what? Oh yeah. Okay. Damn. Look at who was at Brandon Jens he fucking fool. That's what I would've did. We played one-on-one. Look at him again. Running to be holiday birthday is crazy.


Okay, Hey. Oh okay. Mary K. Love foul. That's y'all goal boy. Got a defensive ball way and turn me off. That's y'all goat foul they call it. Hey Elli Bow. Okay, DOB something. Damn Cardell. What? Oh hey. Who was number two for the Pacers? Who was that? Stuckey. Oh Stuckey. Hey. Oh Okay. Go fake.


I'll give that shit Teague dork. Hey Damn I be fast. The fuck. Hey Walk down MK husband. Is that Kim K husband getting walked down Hump freeze. Yeah, it's highlight long as hell C Child Brown. It's five minutes in 20 seconds. We ain't gotta watch all of today. No, we gonna watch all of this. Go back. Hey B Cook. Hey you go back Chad. Check me old. Okay. They used to be fast.


Feel I love that. Is that, is that D Wade? Hey, Shout To Louis Scholar Pace Legend. Is that Kyrie? Okay. He chased down. Oh boy. Got defensive s Let's go. No that before. Oh Hey damn. Oh I thought you was about to rise up. Hey. Oh yeah. Oh okay. Alro hero Rip through. Hey damn man. Yeah, turn this shit off man. I used to be fast man. What the hell?


I can't move like that though. They couldn't pay me to move like that. Knees toast Cook. Hey, You know what's crazy, that was all one year. That was just the 14th, 15 year. Dang man, my boy. Oh. Check out the clip man. My boy got some bouts man. Man, damn man. I done got saved. Start the show man. For sure man. We got a full house this morning man. We got Bishop, we got Mo. We got tricky. Nick and Lou in the building. How everybody doing this morning? Man, bro, we got the whole team here today. Come on man. We're Louise. Oh yeah, my my boy Luis remote right now. I seen the highlights too from Luis man. The open gym. We gonna get them on the next episode. Luis was hooping. Yeah, my boy Luis is in the open run, You know what I'm saying? Oh Lord. I gotta see those. Yeah, he said he wanted, he said freaky mike and And Mal can't get all the action.


He said he won't smoke. Oh he won't smoke with Mel. Yeah, the 5 21. I got mal taking down all Production team now you going a run bro. You taking under? Yeah, I got out. How many do we got on Production team? 1, 2, 3, 4. You five and oh boy. Wait, what Is the the game going to first of all Just, just play. Play the seven. Wait, Do you have to win by two, yes or no? No. Just win the game. I Yeah, you gotta win by twos if You don't gotta win by two I win every time. Okay. By Two is crazy. Yeah. Win by two is Crazy. That be about was losing. He threw that out there. You loser. So you tell about you got win by two, that be they already won. Yeah. That mean they won the game bro. For sure. We been winning. We've been playing win by two since the first game.


No, exactly. No we haven't keep it OG man. Honestly, honestly he beat me by two so we never even got that close. He beat me. I have five. He get to seven. Both He wins. You know? Hey, I'm happy we here right now. Let's just address 'em. Open gym basketball rules. If you play open PA gym, is it win by two or is it straight up? It's straight up in the Game bro. Yeah, if it's five on five, If that's the case, one On one. One on one. Now if we playing 20 like 21 or something, they might throw in win by two one on one game. One throw a wrench in the show on one on one game bro. Yeah, one on one bro. You gotta stop. If I ever see you niggas play it. 21, y'all laed at the bitch first and foremost. I would've took Lou back in the day. But Lou, Lou off the Achilles.


I had to go young nigga Hoover, I gotta take my boy young mouth. He got A wedding. This shit coming up. Oh yeah, he got Wife will kill, Can't live down that out At all. She kill my boy. Now also another question. If you call N one, do you get the bucket two or do you get the foul? Or do you have to call Foul to get a foul? I'm getting a bucket bro. Ain't a foul. Yeah, get the bucket. Okay. I, I'm a win-win If I, you call my score if I miss it's my nah. Yeah, that's my problem. If you call N one and you miss and you be like yo, I called foul. I ain't rolling. Yeah because you didn't call foul. Well that's What happens in a basketball Game. Yeah but like legit. But there's not referee out here. That's not what happens in basketball. If you say foul it's, You know what I'm saying?


You get the call But you ly foul me though. If I make the shot you fo I Made the shot. No, but they blow the whistle then the shot goes in. Y'all saying M1 as the shot went in then you missed the shot. And you like, But You know you Fouled me. No, I'm saying When the ref blow the whistle and the shots will go in, they like it's a foul. Oh it went in N one. Y'all be like M1 shot missed. Yeah, N one is not foul. If you say N one, no, you gotta say foul and if you hit the shot like we going down. Yeah it's strict. Those those rules that is called fist fights. A lot of open gym basketballs for sure. Oh I, I read a text last night about open gym today. He said we are bringing a shot clock. Yes we are bringing this.


I don't want no more crying 'cause y'all messing up my run. I read down, I said oh I went there last week. What happened? You know what happened? Okay, Okay. What happened? Because you said Darius be cheating though. Okay Darius be cheating. Okay da for sure dog. Our Sunday hoop says, we said all man 10 minute games bro. No more bro. Oh yeah they bringing the clock too. Yeah bro. They bringing the clock today. Yeah The clock bro. Whoever is winning at the end of that clock, that's what it is bro. Oh y'all don't go to points no more? We do but if the clock beat you then that's who win. I like having the clock aspect in it. It make everybody play. 'cause if you just have a sad ass game it could last 20 minutes bro. Nah bro.


It's gotta be some strategy involved. Hey while we here man we got a lot of shit going on in sports. We going to the NHL with it. Panthers and Oilers load the clip up. They got the squabble last night. Squabble up. Yeah Stanley Cup. We don't give a damn. We squabbling That ref tweaking nigga. They got hockey sticks and all kind of shit out there nigga. Stupid, stupid ass out the corner. Look, look, look At them just wrestling over here. Is he got the riff down? Yeah they get in trouble for this one though. So this is so many people My he over there getting it in right there Bro. He got CT already. You punching on a nigga that got a helmet on you.


Y'all slow bro. The football players do that bro. I always, no they the worst Break. Their hand gonna punch Him with a helmet On bro. Imagine the N NBA Finals bro just came down and stole somebody. He to hit him in his ear. His ear open The crowd height. Why that's hard though? Why they get the bump though? That's hard. That's a part of their sport though bro. It should be a part of everybody's sport. Nah, Let's go move. It'd be some fatalities in the league but NFL bro the niggas had die bro. Yeah Bro. They're already gladiators bro. Why Not? They're not knocking each other's teeth out. Don't know. Hockey player got teeth bro. You gotta put some excitement into the support bro. It is hockey at the end of The day. I would love to see their dental premiums on NHL is probably leading the league when it comes to insurance costs.


I would love to see that for sure. But imagine that in N NBA Finals bro. That would be crazy. Tyres came out, stole somebody bro and took it out expedition That motherfucker might whoop him. Yeah, You gotta say like RIN or somebody. I'm just saying in general that would just be crazy bro. That would be crazy. Like The ratings would be through the roof though Bro. Because these ratings, who these ratings are very much so down disgusting. Nobody watching the Finals bro. Nah bro, it's, it's nasty. Right. Do y'all think it's the, the way the NBA presented it or is it like they just not it's just the markets. It's the Markets bro. Everybody put it in their brain already that they don't wanna watch these two teams bro. Yep. They didn't really care about the basketball. They was like I don't wanna watch OKC versus the Pacers bro.


They put that in their brain already And then you look at the, like even from the, the companies that's covering it bro, it's not even no good energy around. They'll like, yeah it is basketball tonight. They'd be like damn if y'all don't care. They already say that the media slanders a product too much is is watering it down and the fans like oh yeah I'm not watching that before they even watch the game. So yeah I ain't, it is all the above sadly. Damn they had 3 million less viewers than last year's finals and we didn't even like last year's finals. Yeah. Nah there was no game last year that was as memorable as game one of this finals. Not at all. And people don't give a damn. It's The teams for sure number one. But it is also the media bro. Yeah the media ain't doing a good job of pub it bro.


Yeah, But how it's kind of hard to pub it though. You know? We should have banners around the city bro. We're in the finals bro. The city should be lit bro. Yeah look everywhere you go you should see pacer shit bro. Facts but that's, that's just here. I'm just saying across the world, across the nation. It start at home though, like Yeah dude when they pull up here they like oh this a regular game for us. Fuck it. We ain't finna go all out. They ain't even that's a city ain't even lit. I ain't seen the banner yet though. No. That be going crazy. This put one on the jw it is a big ass sign on there. It need to be everywhere today. I agree Now downtown is everywhere else. Nah, only place you send stuff outside of downtown is people Who selling the bootleg Indiana past t-shirts on the corner at the gas station. Yeah. Shout to my nigga at the marathon. He going crazy. Oh me man. Go platinum right there.


Say he going crazy. Crazy. He crazy. I, I did Dibb her bought a shirt That motherfucker said Ty didn't even have a hard that I said that boy forgot the hard one and fuck it. You hustling gangster. It is over there with them Game seven Patriot Knicks hats. But no as a whole TV ratings are down across the board and also the transitional year between what's going on with like TNT and like Amazon. That doesn't help either. 'cause you got a lot of people who just like, alright I gotta get through this shit so I get done before everything transitioned. It was just a bad year for them not to have You know the stars that they were looking for quote unquote. But do y'all feel like it would be any different if it was New York and the Timberwolves in there?


Oh fuck yeah. Hell yeah. What if the Knicks in the NBA finals we would hear that so much bro. It be ae it would be the only thing talked about bro. I told y'all it is like Indiana give you energy but it is different in New York when they are pissy, pissy terrible they still turned up like, You know what I'm saying? So it's just different. Nah, that's a fact thing man. This, this didn't help the NBA at all though. I told you they wanted the nicks and the finals. I mean obviously in the pacer was a better basketball team but this didn't help the league as far as like watch views and stuff. I think it helped the league as far as like play styles and like probably changing the league a little bit.


You probably get more of a variety of superstars all through across the league. Yeah. But as far as people watching it, this probably set the NBA back a little bit because Even when Milwaukee won, they had Giannis bro. People still wanna watch Giannis. Yeah I would say we wasn't this low. Yeah obviously this is the lowest since what, 1988? Yeah but damn Which one? Yeah I was born. Yeah. Damn 37 years ago. Damn. Yeah I was definitely not here. That's tough. I don't know man. Yeah I mean I was gonna say I knew our finals was low 'cause shit that wasn't shit. Yeah it was COVID year. Yeah I knew our finals was low too. I mean shit, I didn't wanna watch Milwaukee versus Phoenix. I was on the team.


Yeah, those were some good games though. It was but I was like, I could tell, You know how you can just know ain't nobody paying no attention. Yeah. I was like ain't nobody paying no attention. I don't Understand why why that matters though. Like the cities and all that shit, that has nothing to do with the game. But that shit really Matter bro. You know why Mo? 'cause people really don't like the game and if you just pay attention to stuff you like, y'all don't really like basketball. Y'all just like all the bullshit that comes around. Well shit As hard as these goddamn Patriots fans been going, I'm a little disappointed. Me too. You gotta, you gotta, y'all got Gotta watch. Y'all gotta, we're doing our part. Y'all gotta look as like a casual fan. Casual fans know the Stars. Yeah. So a casual fan to be like, oh Steph Curry's playing.


Oh he might hit one of those crazy threes tonight. I get it. Or like, oh my boyfriend whole family is from New York. They love the Knicks. Yeah. Oh maybe I'll check it out. Why are they so hyped about the Knicks? Like, You know what I mean? Yeah it's just a casual fan thing. Yeah sure. Alright man. It's super chat like nobody casually goes to Indiana. No. You come here from Working for Or a family member? Yeah, for sure. Alright man, we'll revisit that shortly in the super chat. Living in Bremington Connor Bros. Real estate. He back again my boy selling em houses. What was your favorite shoes to wear when hooping? My by far was a blue AE one questions also the NBA ratings are down since they left Seattle Karma Gold Pacers.


Okay. Shouts to the questions. Not a bad shooter. Are you hooping Theis? I ain't never hooping them. I almost fat as hell. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't never hooping those questions started I think was hooping them motherfuckers man hooping no questions. Mm Miles was probably to Kobe Fives. Yeah That was a Barkley nigga. Barkleys is hard though. I I don't think I could hoop in them. I like Kobe's or KI like the kds. I don't know what number they was. I had the one with the strap on Em fours, KD four. Yeah. Yeah that was some choice for show. My favorite basketball shoe of all times was at PG one. That shoe. I can't wait till they retro. No that's one of the hardest basketball shoes of all time. And You know what's crazy about the PG one? Somebody stole mine.


You hear? I'm laughing. You gotta begin turn up. That Nigga still hooping it up. Bitch. As soon as Day I retired. Oh you retired? You moved on to the to James Hart. The James Hart shout the dj, he hooped it up for how long you hooped it up for A minute? He, he had a three year run and it was a special edition one. It was the first one, the black one the pre So Good bro. It was the one he gave us. They had a number in there like one of like left them holes in the factory. Like one of like Oh I know which ones you talking about. The All black. Yeah the pre. Those were crazy. True. It was like one of like 30 in it. Like it had a number in it. That's crazy.


It's a thief in every family. Ain't got no number no more. I ain't thief. That number gone for sure. Oh no it's gone. Who got more buckets in the shoes Now we can get to the bottom. I need to get aware. Three years I'll put it working for Sure. Alright man. Yo Raheem Miss Super chat. Shit. Happy Birthday Teague. I can't wait to see y'all in New York. DJ be ready. What y'all doing out there? I mean we Y got playing TT be ready. I I guess I'm gonna be ready. Fuck y'all ready to fight Because Hope ready to fight. Whoa.


Fight not be. I say let us know what we got. What's coming our way bro. Chad said you going to the Diddy penthouse. Hey y'all gotta relax. I got chill. That's Marcus Houston house now. We'll talk about that later in the show. Yeah, just K to Super Chest. Said who won the one if we won out of Nacho and MOOC when they both was in college B we was never in college together. He probably saying who would've won. I don't Know. Let's do answer. He probably would've, he probably would've beat me. He was he a one-on-one player. That's what he do. He play one-on-one shit. He beat everybody one-on-one.


But I mean y'all seen a highlight. I wish y'all talked to him. Nah, but he would've beat me a one-on-one. He he a one-on-one player. He beat me a bunch of times. A one-on-one for sure. All right man. Christopher Smith in the super chat said Jeff, why your older brother didn't give you a name to put on a court. Like Mo gave Tapped boy tapped the name tapped Pocket. Well yeah, he, hey it's still, it's still, I still got beef with Terrell. We, we ain't never hashed that out. He did that on purpose bro. That's motivation. What's Motivation? That court still exists too. And the name still ain't on there. Shout out to that court. Shout out to my little cousins who live in that house now man.


For sure.


The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance. So we can play some bets on these games man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA. For sure. We ready to tap in man, what you got for me That five to get $300 in bonus Bes man $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Yeah, I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City Thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm use that bonus bet to put it in for my Indiana Pacers. We going get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time bets on DraftKings $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings put in promo code Club five 20. That's again promo Code Club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me, but hey, you bit that $5 and you get $300 back on that bonus bets for sure. Only on DraftKings the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser Told me from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures. And your guide on Good Company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming, how she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In A very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug fans. Benny the Butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real From Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine. Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Car. Moosh. What we're doing doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast Season two on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good. Plus on Apple Podcast, Isaiah Borderers and the super church said Happy Birthday Jeff. Big fan of po. Much lovers support from Charlotte.


What is your favorite Bday childhood memory. Damn. We in the pivot today baby be hood. Ah, birthday, childhood memory. We stopped having parties when I was like 10 so I can't really remember too many. I don't really remember too many birthday parties. I I had older party when I got older. I got some older shit. I got some memories from them. We just Talked about them. Yeah, that Vogue Holiday season party Holiday season. Don't forget sense. Shout to the white Remy. Yeah Tom. I remember them times. Me and my dog. Lou going to Sam's Club and getting the leaders.


Yeah Motherfucker 29 99 for a liter. We pull it up to the back of the club with our own liquor like Yeah we bringing this in too. They was letting us do whatever bro. They was wild. You know what's funny, those flyers for that party is still on Twitter. Wow. Yeah, his old account. It's still on there. They want some elite parties bro. Nah for sure. Great birthday party. We need to have a 5 21 of them. I'm rolling. I'm rolling. You're in out the best club in the city. What's the best club right now? Best club in the city right now. Probably Club Georgia Street. Okay. You think that's the best one to rent out Like space wise Ho?


No Ho Vito plays y'all to the left. Nah, ain't got That much space. Y'all think it's better than a Vogue to rent out a club. Vogue got a lot of Space. I'm saying I don't think neither one of 'em got enough space to, I'm just saying space wise. Yeah you might have to go ho don't look nice and shit. Yeah, they're all nice facilities but space Wise. Okay, I'll give y'all the vogue. I'll give y'all the Vo. Come on man. We gonna have a five 20 day party man's up for sure. You know what else is nice? No we tripping. Envy bro. No, no, no. The essential. Yeah. Yeah. That's The nicest spot in here. It Is. I don't know we we can get in there. We'll never get envy. We can now. What about the one? That one club small as hell. But it's nice though. What's called Paradox? Paradox? Yeah. Paradox nice. But it's small. It's super small though. But it's nice though. Shout to Paradox as well.


All right man. Unmatched sportsman Super Chat said Happy Birthday Jeff. May God continue to bless Y I'll be hearing you The furthest person to alive right now. Shout you brother. He is is funny as hell. God bless you man. And your family Right. Ain't nobody else got no blessings from him ever before. Shout to you though. Alright Mo and the super chess shit. My favorite jet highlight is when he dropped number 12 on the nets. Go about Star player. Who was number 12 on the net? I focal five with podcast man. Y'all doing great. Oh shit. I wouldn't even be Number 12 on the net. I got five that highlight. I know who that is. Nah, he too tap.


He too petty. Shout to him though. Alright man. Peres still got the far name in Nick Chadman. That's hilarious. This finals match up is Dookie. Hey Jeff in your prom, would you rather play with prom Dwight or prom Yoic Happy Birthday by the way. I fuck with that. I'm gonna probably go with Dwight for me prom. Dwight was crazy. All he had to do was stole LOBs bro. That fit your play style? Yeah. Y'all type of pick roll would've been crazy for sure. Alright man. Jay gave me then Super Chat says be him. How you feel about N Jackson? Comments about Carolina? I don't know what y'all know what he said. I ain't know what he said. He said it Didn't, it just didn't fit his style. That's all he said. And he's right. Yeah. Didn't say nothing wrong. I told him that when we sat down with him.


Yeah. Or I sat down with him. Yep. I did his pod. I'm like I've been taking That like he threw a shot at North Carolina. He he, it just didn't fit his game man. That's why he transferred. It ain't no love lost. He was like the school fire, everything was lit. Just wasn't me, ain't My style bro. Yeah I told him that though. I said you gotta be like a a shooter run rim runner shooter, slasher kind of player to play for them. Do y'all think players listen like to coaches when they try to tell them shit like that? No more than less. They Don't because people lie to 'em like you gonna be able to come here and do your thing boy. Then you like, you don't play like Wayne Ellington or Danny Green. Yeah you need to rock, you need, he's a big east player.


Yeah, yeah. East Coast Guard like Carolina. You gotta be like a smooth running wing shoot jumpers. Yeah. Get out on the break and run the lane. Yeah. You can't be no ball dominant wing player. I Wonder if kids be thinking y'all hating that, hating on 'em. Like just say a motherfucker got a offer from like Louisville or something but Miami of Ohio is guaranteeing them. Yeah. Whole. You know what I mean? Nah go to Miami, Ohio, you feel me? Nah they ain't gonna see it that way. All they gonna hear is Louisville and Miami, Ohio. It's like, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like now you can't look at it that way. You gotta see what worked best for you but they ain't hearing that shit bro. For sure. They go there and be like I gotta Transfer. You gotta see how they play bro. Like we got a kid.


I always tell 'em to look at like what? Look at a player on they team and see if it resembles you. Like do you see somebody that remind you of yourself? If you don't see nobody remind yourself it's probably not the place for you. Right. Got you. That's real simple. And then you look at some of the like stars in the league. A lot of them didn't go to crazy schools. Like some of them went to mid majors and made they own way and now look at 'em. They killing. Especially from a guard standpoint. Yeah. Especially in today game. They gonna find you bro. That's a fact. It don't matter. It don't matter what school you go to now. They don't Find you Bro. Yeah you can hoop you going. They gonna come get you. Most definitely. Alright man. Back to oh last one Super chat. Christopher Cooper said Happy Birthday take to a real one. We hitting that ing jerk later in the city.


Oh no, no, no, no. Somebody posted Desire. Did you see that ENJ? Yeah they got, they got a new one. Yeah it is a blue label. I have never seen it bottle Actually kind of nice too. I'm might have to Tempe. I'm sure it cost no more than 1399 but You know what I'm saying. Shout out to EJ with the rebrand. We ain't mad at it at all. Hey while we here man, we got load of the clips man. Because man got into some trouble yesterday. What you telling me yesterday? Man just Sent me that shit. Man. Bring your black ass back Man. 5 20 11 man, that That's my guy Bro. You can't grab your nuts at no man dog. Y'all see that man. I don't know what he said. 'cause I ain't know the in the language so I'm, I'm robbing 'cause on this one. Yeah but damn dog you is you.


It is a good you against 50,000 bro. This is crazy. This was insane. You got the raw motherfucking tribe doing this. Yeah, because which way you gonna go, where you gonna go first? It's you against 50,000 bro. There's no way you Can win. Come on because hey Drench, this nigga. Hey that's so disrespectful bro. He's So mad bro. And he can't do Nothing. Nothing bro. It is you against 20,000. Because if they would've let him get to that fan bro, he would've died. He, but They would've whooped him bro. It is 20,000 bro. Oh bro. Bro, he can't win 20,000. No bro. Nah, ain't no 20,000. That's it. It it's the opposite now. A hundred men versus Gorilla bro.


One, it was over bro. One he would've got was gonna be in trouble. Nah mo, he gonna kill that them raging like that. He would've fucked him up. Shout to whatever country he in. He in Puerto Rico somebody would had the blade bro. Probably a hundred times. Somebody's gonna get, it was gonna be a buck 50. He about to get gas Bro. Yeah, he's gonna get poked up bro. Somebody Who's going get It bro. But You know what's crazy? I don't know. He might have some space after the first two fatalities. Everybody have been like, all right. Nah, let's considered, yeah there's somebody in there about the wild bro. He, he probably wouldn't have Back, he Wouldn't have made it home. But Puerto Rico, You all that come home bro. You can't tweak in another country. Yeah, you can't go to jail there. Yeah, no. Just come home Bro. That's crazy. They did him like that bro. You start throwing drinks and that's crazy bro.


Oh did You see what he did bro? You cannot do that bro. Yeah, but you But you not one of us either. But you gotta think some grabbing this shit in the nigga man you can't do that. You don't know who on that sideline. That might be, he might be tied in. You know what I'm Exactly. That's what I'm saying bro. You ain't safe out there. Yeah, They got the cartel court side. Yeah I don't, I don't like might be tapped in that Cartel run. A lot of them teams too bro. So Yeah, don't mess with them recons bro. For Real. I'll wait The cartel, the gm. That's tough. Boy. Be the GMs be the GM boy. You playing for your life. That's hell. Contract with dirty money. I bullshit ass teams anyway. Man. Bring your ass back on. Ain't just doing shit. Fuck it around man.


Shout to Big cus. Shout out to Theo for breaking it up man. Yeah, he was wrestling too. I was like you got it bro. You might as about to punch me in the back of my head Theo. Man, I ain't gonna lie. Playing basketball like no disrespect, this is no disrespect but playing basketball in them different countries. I probably wouldn't be that serious about it. Like I probably, You know I hoop but I wouldn't really care like I Yeah you would bro. No I wouldn't. You Saying that because if you went over there, you made all the money, you ain't gonna care if you ain't make the money and you fighting and trying to, you would've Cared. I mean 'cause made a lot of money. I Mean he just crazy though. I know. I'm just saying like if a fan was talking shit, I would be like, all right man, that's what's up bro. But yeah, but he and he probably had 40, that's Like Mike Beasley bro.


He would've did the same thing bro. They different People I'm saying but he probably had 40. He probably did. I see what Jeff's saying. I've been like it's not that deep. I can't even understand what saying Is. Most people, he already fried so he fried. He he don't care where he, he he ain't about money for him. He's in the moment just crashing out. I'm like bro you cry already had 40. See that's why you need your people out there with you though to tell you hey ain't nobody control him. Chill out bro. Bro. Too much bro. Can't nobody control him Bro because That's my guy man. Good, well soon Man. Five between alumni for Sure. And he got lemonade beer, Hennessy, he wasn't even Duck Nigga had his mouth on for the last, That was a tequila coke was that?


That was a tequila coke rum mix. What was that motherfucking side corn To? He lied. Fuck y'all shut up. You take this with you. Here goes some popcorn. Hey but You know what's crazy about that clip when he tried to get back to them stands, everybody that was around me was on the ground like that. Oh yeah bro. That's the wrong person to deal with. Yeah, That's a big dude Bro. For sure man. And some other news man. Shout to Darius. Gar man rest up. He had surgery on the toe. Oh damn. He wants to be out four to five months. Everybody was saying that he should have played through it. He had a very serious injury. Clearly that, You know what I'm saying? He fought through in the playoffs a SL to him for trying to play through that. But man rest up for show man go to the magic toe. It's crazy. You saying He need to go to the magic?


Well he cannot go for another six months until he passes the physical. So that's Fine bro. The magic need Darius Garland bro. You think so? Yeah, I don't know how that came on. I swear to God though Nigga. Who is that calling mom Pop stand for? George actually was my dad. You got a ringtone But that wasn't even a ringtone. That was a song Rich Nigga Lifestyle with Nipsey and Ross. I don't even know how it came on though. That's kind of scary. Yo took the studio. Oh wow. And last but certain not least man, Zach e unfortunately has to have ankle surgery. He'll be out a couple months as well man.


Damn. Well he do his ankle, he roll his ankle off season workout. Yep. Damn. He had issues with it before so You know what I'm saying. He had to get it repaired again. Rest up big fella be ready for the season. I know when he roll his ankle that shit hurts. That's 300 pounds. That's a lot of weight. Oh my god. That's probably fatal boy. Yeah, that'll sit you down. It'll make you get surgery. Yeah, I think only big motherfuckers get the ankle surgery Man. Hold on man. I had ankle surgery. Yeah, Well you a different nigga. You seen the highlights boys jump out the gym. Yeah, I can't touch the real, I tried to dunk the other day bro. I really can't dunk You Can. I swear I can't with my life. If You got the momentum struggling, if you caught the momentum you could get it.


See that's how I felt about the muscle up Yesterday. Nah nigga you can't do that muscle up. Oh lord Malcolm, I showed him again man. Mike talked all that shit about he could do man up and muscle up. I just thinking Michael ought to be Richard Simmons so bad. Sit down, let me get one. I need one. I need one. I forgot About this. What you doing? Oh yeah, so which I don't know is saying five 20 off the court. Yeah, on camera five 20 off the court. You know what I'm saying? It was sideways man, shit. Oh So what happened? This Is a part of the show. Go ahead. Shout to Malcolm man. This get two, lemme get three. I want three specific. That nigga like to lift weights anyway. Go Mount. Have some pushups right now. Yeah, just three.


Gotta pay what you weigh. He owe me 60 Up to one Fuck uncle. He owe me 60. We'll be back 60. Yeah. Wow. The long Road to 60 man. We gonna have a count on the show. We out there right now. Y hey this is, y'all would never see this on a morning show. ESPN Could never, somebody randomly just cranking out three pushups and just randomly on the show. Gotta pay what you weigh. But what we doing, we're 60 having We having fun bro. For sure.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes. But there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Cross the country Cops called this taser the Revolution, but not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser Told them from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Sud, CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It Just the compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne for Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Van Benny, the Butcher Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine. Corvette. MMA fighter Liz Car. Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast Season two on the iHeartRadio app. Apple podcasts are wherever you get your podcast. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


We talked about the ratings being down, but what do y'all think the NBA could do to help it? Obviously maybe it's too late for this series, but the next time they may have two franchises that may be in lower markets. The marketing bro, just gas it up a little bit more. That's it. Make sure the commentating is far behind it too. I think they should like do I know playback at they own little thing with the, You know people can get on there and do their own little thing with the game. I think they should have some real retired people that people are like, like seeing Yeah. Call the games or have a another cast broadcast that's going on during the game. Maybe some other people would like to tap in with some people that they actually like.


Like I know they try to do that stuff with Kevin Hart and stuff, but they should have some people that like people really like watching basketball with. Like if you do it with LeBron and Steve Nash and Right like LeBron y'all didn't make to the finals. Did y'all like to call the finals? Yeah. And y'all own little version. Y'all get to sit down, have y'all drinks and call the finals that would be Fire and the world gonna watch LeBron so there Go you Bam. Yeah. Good. I'm, I'm guessing that's what NBC is trying to be on next year with Jordan. With Mike be fired if Jordan exclusive be called the finals. Yeah. Yeah. In his own way though. It couldn't be like he's sitting courtside doing it like Richard Jefferson. It gotta be like Mike got a cigar and he talking the game. Yeah. Now Mike gotta be at the crib. I don't want him in the studio. I just like the last dance isolated from everybody else with his own little iPad looking, Hey, hey hey let smoke my cigar with his drink.


I think he is gonna be fired next year. Like I think they gonna listen to everybody man and make some changes. They don't want this to happen again. Yeah this is bad for the NBA but just think of LeBron and Steve Nash was doing that like they called it. They doing they podcast anyway. Yeah. More People gonna be tuned in Percent. I would've watched that. Yeah, most definitely. Alright man, before we get off the subject, Dre Ma yesterday said that he feels like Caruso, it's the thunder third most important player. Oh. How you feel about that? Who? I ain't mad At that. Who Words? Words? Words of fuck with you. They a fuck with you. Important. Yes, I know why you saying that too? Because you want, you want that to be Chet bro. You know it's Chet.


That's exactly why I asked you. You want it to be Chet. It is Chet. Chet is the third best player. Mm Important For sure. Just 'cause he do everything bro. He's a little scrappy little motherfucker that do everything. Hold on this this guy Caruso. I never hated on Caruso. He never hated on Yeah he's trying to make that a thing. Yeah. Like stop making that never seen was it's cool. He said Lonzo was before JE last night. Cruso in the Finals. Like they don't even play the same though. That's my only beef with Jeff with Caro and Lonzo Ball like They do though. Lonzo don't play this hard bro. Oh damn Guard going through Lonzo's with Guard but not like this car. Not he not Diamond and running the office Because he don't got to.


Exactly. So they not the same. That's my whole point. Literally Lonzo is a a glue guy. A different type of glue guy though. There we go. You Got Elms. It's a different type of glue. Guy And Caruso's. Elmers, I don't know the other glue. You got Gorilla Glue? Yeah. So Lonzo Gorilla Glue Low? Yeah. When he healthy a hundred percent. Yeah man they do the same thing. They both hit occasional threes. They both play defense and they both moved the ball. Caruso just sent upSo glue Shit that that project might fall apart. You crazy as hell. He, he was the glue guy on the Lakers. Mm Chad wherever Caruso go, he is a important piece of the team. He Is though. I'm Talking shit. I'm gonna say I'm gonna keep it real some and that's is not me.


But you're not starting a team with Alex Caruso over Alonzo Ball. That was our whole, that was our whole spirit. Would You say be hit words? Fuck you up every, Yeah, every Alonzo go. He important bro. If he healthy. Yes bro. For real. He just be hurt. He's a legit starter in the NBA. Oh he can start. Yeah, but they, he never been on a good team. What team he been on that been good? I'll wait. I don't know what team he been on that been healthy. What team he on be? He Never the boys team was school. He never get a fair shake at him. They always get hurt. Wouldn't girls, they was school bro. It was gonna be at least a solid team. They might made the playoffs bro. Yeah, they was gonna be a solid team. They'd have made the playoffs. They probably wasn't gonna win a chip or nothing. But they was gonna be a solid team. The New Orleans, You know that was a different situation. Oh what happened in New Orleans?


It was just wicked. It was man Real wicked was hurt bro. That's what Gil be doing. Always Starting PG. He ain't healthy Worth A quarter. He always hurt bro. He don't get a fair try Edit. Alright man, we gonna wish Lonzo. I'm just saying wish y'all tell me the best availability. I mean best avail, best availability. You know what I meant? Come on. Best ability is availability. That's a fact. If we going off that then Caruso 'cause he ooh he Available. Ooh. But if they both on the court, no Fair is fair. No. So you taking Lonzo with the knee right now with Caro? Yes. He's a liar To start my team. He's a Liar. I don't know if that new motherfucker worked. He was hooping a little bit bro. He gotta go back under the chamber bro.


He was a Liar. He Gotta get the remix already. That motherfucker got a glitch in it. The motherfucker lagging Out the laws on man. All right man. The W Commissioner's cup going on. The IES took care of the Sparks at ot. Oh they got a, they got a end season tournament? Yeah. Okay. Yep. Just keep winging new shit on us Ain't it? Sadly it's not new but You know what I'm saying. Shout to them. Oh That was and when that shit start, that shit new bru that wasn't there when motherfuck Cynthia Cooper was in. Nah It's in the last couple years. Of course I'm saying but not this year. Nah, they playing five stakes man. Oh come, let me ask you this though. This is not even being funny, but why would y'all have an NC tournament? Y only got 10 games.


Hey man, that's what they be on. Just like they said Spark It up. They the NC tournament run these ones run the Ones. I think I like the, I ain't this, I like the other league better. That other league is fire. Yeah, un rival. Y'all like rival better. I do bro. That Mug was entertaining. I like un rival better than I like that fact that you get to see everybody back. But I, I rock with the W players. I'm not, I'm not against the W but I'm just saying we had to compare the two leagues. It's exciting. I, I get, I watch Rival league and I can watch and be like yeah this is aight. I like 'cause they got a chance to compete for some more money. Yeah. So I, I rock with this. They busted. I Feel like they got to show they bag more in that shit. Yeah. I appreciate the game a little more like dang they actually got a game they cold like Yeah they was on some shit.


So is this just like the NBA the this commissioner's Cup? Yeah The Commissioner's cup is, yep. Just like the, it's not as intricate as the N Season's ENT tournament is basically you don't see the top two in the conference. You bust down for a championship of 500,000 so. Oh yeah. You know what I'm saying For them salaries ain't nothing wrong. Getting that extra break and then they coin base, You know what I'm saying? They threw in 120 K in cryptocurrency so Yeah man extra 5K for the championship game for I Think it's gonna be highly competitive for that for 500 bands. They gonna turn So everybody get 500,000. They bust it down. They bust it down. How many niggas on Team? Shit it's seven. Nah Put 12 maybe on the roster. So yeah, I don't know how much the coaching and stuff get but I mean respectfully if you look at some of them showers, I know they want that paper bro.


They all about to get Okay 500,000. I'm Rolling with that. I think they going turn up for that too. And I ain't mad at it's always good bumps anyway with this stuff. So shots and commissioners cut man. But the barbecue took care of the Sparks and OT yesterday. Damn crazy. Crazy game yesterday. How Keep winning bro. Keep winning. Come on man. They just picked smash team. Team bro. Smash team don't even even know nobody on their team Sparks. Who is that? Kayla Thorton. You heard of her? I haven't but she yesterday she went crazy yesterday. Big Buck ot. 1811 Janelle Salon Rookie new to the Squiddy. She went crazy with 21 to eight. Yeah. Favorite white girl Kelsey Plum had 24 and seven year. That's favorite. 29 and five. Damn D Ham. Yeah. Man bro took care ofm, y'all sad as hell.


Should stayed where she was at man. God damn. Shoulda the ACEs miss her and she may miss the ACEs man. They missing her for sure. Facts. Yes, on everything The supposed to be better than this bro. Sparks supposed to be better. Yeah man. Special. We kids. Yeah it a little ugly down there for sure. Alright man we got some games tonight man. Possibly Cece might play today. We shall see NBA back in good hands. Come on. Fever and Dream will take off at seven 30 on. Hold on, hold on. Y'all know this one out. That ain't your environment Cece. Yeah it is. I seen how she been looking lately. Listen. Oh. Oh I forgot this is at Atlanta. Yeah. Yeah. Stay home dj. Y'all know who on her ass. Hey we know last time she played motherfucker got physical with her.


Yeah, we know you might wanna set this one out. That's why. Oh you think she smoke? Come on Ron 30 tonight. She no Disrespect like that. Shout to Ron Howard. Come on Ron. Shell tear Stu City up tonight. 30 If she plays Ron Howard gonna lock her up. Hell nah. CC 30 Ball. Hey listen, we got long season, we got something to pay for Cece. Take your time. Nah, we got a better record than y'all talking About school. It's early. It's Ed. We got 44 games bro. But the Real will be back soon. You know what time it is. She ain't the real, the real. She the best. The real will be back. She just, she the face of the league. That's all. Ain't the best player. She ain't the best but she's the best. She's Top three. See we the best and we win in the champ. I wonder how much the tickets went up. Show me the tickets in Atlanta tonight. Fever Up nigga.


How much the tickets in Atlanta? Yeah. Why you fuck with The Fever Not the Pacers bro. Because bro, I just appreciate how hard these women play bro. 40,000 a girl playing that hard for 40 k. Respect You respect the game. It ain't about the money. Yeah, They do play you for the love of the game. And Tamika Ke just put a banner up. Yeah Bro. And Tamika fucked with, I figured out Tamika fucked with the people. That's why I, she my favorite woman's basketball player of all time. She all Through our city Won the co be Going to church with y'all and shit. She here Hold it down. Shout to tease me 78. Hey $78 For where? That's the lowest ticket. Oh okay. Cheapest. I wonder what it's going and I wonder if they gonna put out report.


Yeah, when CC play it's gonna be, yeah they gonna be a CGE trying resell when they find out she is not in Atlanta. Oh. It's gonna be $25 for them C. Well He gotta tap in with the favor bro. I You watching the favor bro. You get course have her 500. Damn damn tax the A so you tax me for 500. Of course. That's hilarious. It's bro, that's a lot of money. Money. But That's a fact. He taxing in the A bro. Believe That motherfucker gotta come with some RRR And R. Huh? Nigga. JR Crickets. Don't ever disrespect the I understood City For sure. Yeah. Don't disrespect that. A shout to J Crickets man. Best Wings in the city. Alright. In the other game tonight we got the sky at the Liberty.


You know Liberty about to be, it is about to be a belt to ass situation. Bloody, bloody senior right now. That's The Eastern Conference. That's how many teams in the W. This is, I thought I was looking at what fucking the Mick. The Mick is crazy. That's what I'm saying. We number two. Alright, cool. Who What? That's the Commissioner's Cup. That's the Commissioner's Cup. Oh Yeah. I thought just looking, Liberty is not losing nobody. They aint nobody Standing. Yeah, there you go. Yeah. Links. It's 16 teams.


13. Damn. 13 It's how many teams? 13. 13. 13 teams. Yeah. Well you see these boys every night and they just added One so damn they got a lot of work to do. Yeah, they damn their baseball. They the real doubleheaders bitch. I just, You know just saw this ho sent this shit out man. Keep playing. He same motherfuckers. No one baby about to fight bro Ing out. Hell no one. Oh man y'all fraud. Motherfuckers an a b CD camp.


I just wanna remind y'all that the WNBA Allstar game is here this year. Love, That's, that's what's up. W She is. I don't like when y'all do that though because we make fun of every NBA player. We had Walker Kesler on this motherfucker. The cousins Our nigga we just torture you on here. We had Walker Kessler on every verified get well Easily. Nobody said a word. Everybody laughed. Look at Mark cancel dumb ass again getting dunked on. He ain't doing nothing to do his job. We make fun of the whole league. We give y'all like they don't be mean to the girls. No we gonna get 'em the same love. We give them love. Please come on the show y'all. Yeah, everybody's new Torch is love though. I think that's what we need.


We just need, yeah just need a show. We had Erica Wheeler Another one to come Bro. What was you trying to say? Nothing. We cowboy, we just need Another one. E Wee's the one told us the real recipe on the girls. Mm. She told low key. She told us who was sad and I good. I need to play that episode back. For real. For real. Yeah. Makes sense now. Huh? Nah. Real. She wasn't lying though. Nah, she Kept it a beans. She said he he was gonna be good. Who was sad and everything. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well listen to the storm they got, they going through some storms up there as well. We in the super chat with her right now. Alright. Big Z 11 says if you were Russell Westbrook, would you accept that contract that he was offered? If y'all were in your prime NBA careers, would you go overseas? I don't know if that offer is real but I was heard that he was supposed to get a crazy offer to play overseas.


3 1 50. If it was three years, one 50. I'm gonna, I'm gonna catchall on three years. Yeah. Out. I'm outta here. I know he got a lot of money. He do. Three year 50 is great but let's, let's listens. Watch this, whatever that team is now, if y'all want sign me for a three year 21. I come play. It's all good. How long Is the season usually Over there? It don't matter. Three years. 21, 10 months. You 10. I'll be over there for 10 months. As a matter of fact, the whole podcast gonna come give us an extra 3 million. We all will come and we gonna shoot whatever language that is. I, I will speak it. I'm in. Well lemme, lemme talk to my family first. Don't worry About your family The worst.


Dj. I can't just, I think it's said Israel, right? Ah Israel we could. Yeah that's easy. I put on a Israel What one of the best places In the world bro. Shout to YouTube it. Let me see. He was, bro, I don't give a damn about he was over there with Stu. Yeah. Love Israel bro. Shout To Israel. They, what's the things? The what they be wearing The Jobs? Yeah, I suit me up. Gimme the Nike one bro. Whatever I gotta do tap in suit me up. I don't think they wear that. Okay cool. I ain't seen nobody in There. Oh they ain't have the hood. Okay. Shit. Well if they don't I can't go there. They got a lot of rules They wear that For sure. They got a lot of rules that I don't wanna follow. Three year one 50. Yeah, I'm going buy.


Matter of fact, if they gimme three year, one 50, I'm busting it down the podcast. We going get that book bag. We going shoot the whole thing. 10 mom. So if they get y'all all 50 so they get y'all a million dollars a year. Everybody in here, everybody gonna get a million dollars a year. You going? Yes. Be because this tag's free. I will be there bro. Bro, I'm There bro. You leaving your film? I'm sending back for Nah, it's an extra million dollars. Yeah, I, I'm not leaving my family for, We gonna do the po. We gonna still do our pod but they get y'all a million dollars to like, hey we gonna, y'all come shoot out there. It's MoneyGram. I'm gonna send it months Basically. Yeah for a million dollar. Y'all just gonna kick it with me. We Ain't doing shit bro. 10 months is a long time. We we go home Here we go shoot the pot.


We go shoot the pod. We gonna shoot the pod over there. We Go home bro. Yo, I'll go over there to work for 10 months. I'll go over there to work. I gotta come back to the crib bro. Bro. I just catch a flight bro. We not on the team. Yeah, What about they like yeah, we want you guys to podcast every day. Not for Am. Yeah we, yeah. We gotta figure out that contract. I watch take yous hard to get back home Every day. I, I'll stay over there for three years straight. I won't come back home for three years. One 50. I'll never, I won't see my family for three years. Three Years. One 50. I Think you should stay. My kid still growing up. I don't give a fuck. You know what FaceTime is a motherfucker. Yeah. I'd be like boy y'all. I'd be like boy you getting tall boy. You look good man.


Yeah you can say that for one 50. I tell them before two get big. Tell them before they get big for a hill. Nah, we talking about One 50 for hundred 50 million. You leave your kids for three years. One 50. Yeah, I'm 450. I probably won't answer the phone. I bet Sunshine, I ain't never coming back. I gotta lock in y'all. I see in three. You treated like A big on me. No I want y'all see me like this shining like motherfucker no Nigga I can put the jail cell in my crib. Call my kids. Look this is where I'm at. It's fucked up out here. Fucked up With a Lamborghini.


A Lamborghini outside. Dad we follow you on Instagram. If I see a new car They gimme research. Did your mama see? Did your mama get y'all that gift? That's all I'll be saying. I send money home every your mama get that money. Yeah. Every time she call you got the money. Right. Alright, bye. Yeah, I'll go ahead and get that nigga in the garage code. Tell him pull up man. Get your boyfriend three years. Go here bro. Lock in. Lock in. Take care of her now I'll be back lock three. I'll be back through here. Oh man. Hilarious. Alright. In the super chat And Matt, Rebecca says, yo, I watch the show every morning while I build watches I've sold.


So as a thank you, I bet you all custom watches hit me up so I can get them to you. Hey, shout out to you. We appreciate that dm, the page. We would definitely make sure we receive those. We appreciate the love. For sure. If you build watches, make sure my shit don't have me out here and I Ain't that motherfucker ting too loud. Motherfucker pull up on me and get the diamond tester out. Motherfucker sound like a firework. They get the, They Get thet. Lemme test it out bro. You say your roll like bottle Rocket. Shit we all, we passed one test already be him passed the test. We was nervous but shit. No I didn't. We was, we all was nervous but shit to be robbed.


This what was red. We, we was nervous bro. You said this is a prop. We all were shaking bro. So damn. Shout out to you though. Building watch is crazy. It is crazy. Nah, for sure. Let's get into it man. MLB yesterday man the Reds took care of the Guardian. Seven to four. The Pirates built to As against the Martin yesterday. 10 to three. The affiliates defeated the Cub yesterday. Four to three The race took care of the Red Sox. 10 to eight belt her ass against the Brewers yesterday the Braves took care of them seven to one. The Blue Jays defeated the Cardinals father. The four was a really good game. Angels and athletics. Seven to four The Dodgers took care of the Padres and another good game eight to seven. And last but certainly not least, man wrote a clip.


Man, my D backs bounced back yesterday, man. We had 11th ending thriller grand slam walk off situation. Shout out to my dog. They Got me paid. Boy. Yes sir. I had to wear the jersey today. I was geek yesterday watching BET awards. Damn. Throw a bat like that. Swag. Crazy. It is crazy. They scored that much. It was one to zero most of the game, Bro. Bro. Nasty game bro. We got lit towards the end. What team would y'all play for? Or what position would you play? When baseball, when I played baseball, I was a short stop and I did where I'd be a pitcher for the New York Yankees.


I won't be a pitcher for the Yankees or the Dodgers, bro. Either one. Y'all want to be a pitcher? Yeah. Yeah. I pitched growing up, I was a short, I played short stop in center field. So I played for, I actually wanna play for the Giants because I used to love Barry Bombs, one of the coldest baseball players of all time. It's a wild city to be in though. I mean, I'm not picking it for the city bro. Okay. I'm saying but Barry Bombs had just, But put your whole living environment in there too. Like where would you want rock out? Me. Would you Play for the the Astros? Would you play for the Marlins? Would you play for the Yankees? The, the Astros would be Fire or the Marlins. If I can live in Houston or Miami and be a pitcher, I play for the Braves. Aint no state income tax in both those places.


So you, you pick and Right, I play for the Braves. But if you the coldest Yankee or you a cold Yankee bro, like you a God bro. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. That'd Be hard. Oh, you picking like that? I thought New York though, bro. I don't, I wanna, I feel you. I'm thinking of the cheapest place with the coolest city. It have to be Houston or Atlanta because Miami expensive as shit. Yeah, I, I'd be a king in Cincinnati. I play for the red Big. You might as well play for the motherfucking team here. Nah, Bro, to Riz is far bro play for The Indian. They jerseys and stuff far, but I they are not the vibes. I mean shout to my Riz fans, You know what I'm saying? I, I go through with y'all as well. But yeah, it is quiet. Yeah, it is super quiet. I mean you might as fuck the Cubs though.


Ooh, I go to the shot bro. That is fire. Yeah, bro, I I wouldn't devise that bro. I I'm gonna be an MLB guy. What's Team be on if you in Chicago, the Cubs or The White Sox? The Cubs bro. Ooh, the Cubs is way better. White Sox was the literally the worst team in MLLB history last year. If people from Chicago, what team you think they, they rock with More The Cubs, the the niggas rock with the white sock game. Yeah, girl Chicago Rock with the Cubs. I want the city behind me. I'm gonna go with the Cubs Man. Probably a little bit more benefits. I had to throw my pitch. We went to the Cubs game. I ain't go to the White Sox game so it was probably, it was fat. It's a little different. Yeah, I can't like, because look at all the famous Yankees bro.


They are like, yeah, you said that money, it is a difference. Especially them taxes and the living situation. But they are immortalized bro. Yeah, exactly. Like Derek Jeter is that nigga forever, bro. Forever bro. He's a god forever. Aren Judges is on his way to be in there too, bro. Yeah. Alex Rodriguez just going to the Yankees, turn him up and he was already cold with the Rangers and the Mariners. Yeah. Come on bro. Different bro. That's why he playing for the Lakers, bro. Yeah, it hit different. That's why Caruso. So look, he played for the Lakers, bro. Yeah. Gotta ring with them boys for sure.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes. But there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser Told them from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one Visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of Absolute Season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Live and this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In A very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kinda star stunned a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne for Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug fans. Benny the Butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Car. Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to it. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the Warm Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Alright man, listen, I've never watched something for dimmer six hours straight but last night the BET awards I was locked in man. At least something y'all was tapped in. That's The best one I've seen. Shout out to BET Man. I I love what they did for the anniversary man. They definitely catered to our age group and it was perfect. Yeah, If you wanna get something done now you better call sane net bro. He get shit cracking bro. Yeah because everybody, a lot of people say they ain't know the BET awards was on till they seen him streaming it bro. Like you gotta call SANE net. Yeah, his shit went up Bro. Him Drew Ski and Kevin Hart yesterday. Absolutely hilarious man. Shout to Kevin Hart did a great job hosting yesterday. Yeah, we can start off with that clip please of him torching Kurt Franklin yesterday.


Hilarious bro. Get well soon while too. Oh yeah, that's definitely up there. Yeah. Shout out to the guy Kurt Franklin do don't come up here front twerking. Okay don't come up here and I know don't do it. Don't do it. Said Jesus is crazy. He said fuck it, we they can't do shit about it.


Knew you man. God bless you. Everything you doing is better. Got as good at all the time Kurt. That makes it right. You know I just said hey Kurt looked like he was about to sell bro but he knew me dancing bro. He knew me twerking those things. You know it's hilarious bro. They had ti give his introduction for his Iconic award. I was like I could picked somebody else other than ti because I feel like both people was playing with Kurt name but his performance was a one bro. Nah, facts. I ain't gonna lie. I Fell asleep on Kirk after Snoop Dogg went off. I said yeah, Kurt said all these people here you wanna say my goddamn name, I gotta go watch Kirk Performance.


Man. The whole show Was fire. Nah, the production was crazy man. Shout out to BET. Wars definitely restored the feeling for show Man. Shout out to Bow on the 1 0 6 and park segment bro. He he came out man. Yeah, turned it up bro. That was big for him bro. Bow wow is a legend man. I'm happy that he's getting looked back in that light. I know for some years people kind of looked at him differently but that's Bow wow bro. Yeah. Yeah his performance yesterday was super fired man. Shout out to Freaky Bow. Yeah for sure. Speaking of Cabana man. Yeah, yeah please roll that clip Mark. He did, he did. My boy Wale bad man. What up Rusty? You good? What you play Switch smack bro. I'll beat you Wali. Oh My God that was somebody crazy.


Hey the whole chat No Wale. What You do Wally? What'd he do? Oh, word, word. Oh shit. I and then while they walked in he was like hey bro you did replaced like I was crazy like But he 21 y'all I'm offended though. You should know who Wala is. No, you should know who Wale is bro. Nah not if you not tapped in like, like that bro. You think Wale is more famous than Kirk Franklin? Fuck no. No bro. Okay. Well my friend didn't know who Kirk Franklin was so, Excuse Me. And that blame just family. He was like, he shit We denounced him.


He Said, he said is that Kirk Franklin? See Auntie look they young Now. Wait, wait, wait. I'm not mad at him because Kurt looked like four different people probably last me I'm, I'm a stall mouth. Y Kirk used to have a Curl with a gap nigga. I know that is. I like all no that Kirk Franklin. But he said, he said is that Kurt Franklin? Kurt Franklin looked like a different person bro. That's crazy. That mouth don't know Kurt Franklin. It is crazy. No it's not bro. I've heard of Kurt but I ain't never know what he looked like when he started, when he out. I don't know what a lot of people when he went in that basement bro, he came back up. Somebody different. He said, He said who was Benny Fresh? That legit. So Malcolm is S age though.


Yeah, many, many Fresh was funny so that, but I understand many Fresh Went out for a minute though bro. K. And I know who Wale is bro. I'm not buying this bullshit bro. Wale young bro. Wale our age bro. Yeah. I said man has no idea who Wale is bro. He heard no hands Bro. He bro him Wally bro. Bro he legit. Dunno who the fuck that is bro. And I'm not mad at him bro. He said Lotus Flower nigga was really Sounds shit. This nigga was like 13, 12. But he heard his songs bro. At some point bro. He didn't say he didn't hear him song. He just just ran about bro. Yeah can't recognize him. That was crazy man. He Would've never did him like that if he knew he would. He said okay cool. He Said he said what?


Playing on your like he was I'll beat your yo sweetie. That's Why. That's why Rock Wall. He a you had me looking crazy bro. We gonna holler. I respect that Wale. Yeah he play with your name bro. I don't think That's bro, I don't think he should have been mad about that. Can't mad because somebody don't because Tyler Perry, Tyler Perry didn't know who Cabana was so he like shit he didn't know who I am. Eventually he wasn't fucked up about it, embraced it. Really? He can't get mad at that though. You can't bro. I don't know you bro. Damn my bad Wale though. He didn't like approach you like nah you really got me fucked up. Nah, he was just like nah it was All playful. Nah, he's like Wale's like damn my Twitter is basically popping now because yo ass is streaming and nigga you played me in front of the talk.


Nah the fact that they embraced him streaming that event was super dope. 'cause I imagine like back in the days in old B imagine if we had somebody behind the scenes talking to people what used to really happen. That would've been crazy. That's The new wave now bro. That's why we gotta buy a book bag bro. We post a string fanatics bro. Bro. Boost Mobile tap in New Wave bro. Mm It's on the way for sure. Hey man, the BEC wars was absolutely crazy. Oh did I see Wayne performance yesterday? That's the best. I seen Wayne in a long time. That bull put the drugs down and got new dreads and everything. That was the best. He definitely got the B for sure. That's on bad. Yeah he probably just got 'em done. Nah, he got something added bro.


He needed that bag. He was on like four dreads. My boy bounces back. He got like 14 now. Why Ain't getting extensions? It's crazy. He needed it bro. Yeah wow. He was hanging on about three bro. He deserve bro. They put that that oil in his hair and that vinegar and separated him. Bro ain't doing Wayne like that. I'm just telling the truth bro. Long As it look better bro. R Kelly doing that bro. Shamar Moore. I'm just happy he was like I could hear him. I understand every word he was saying. He just look healthy today bro. Yeah the performance is fired also. Ti went crazy my boy. We were just talking about him on the pod. Popped out with some bangers. Yes.


Snoop went crazy. Snoop Tribute was super fire. Stevie Wonder was absolutely hilarious doing the Jamie Fox tribute talking. I could see everything that was fire. They did that nigga Jamie Fox started heating him though. He said man how does he do this bro? I said, Jamie Fox know the truth. Nah for sure. Hey man, but the best part about the night for me was the fact that you got to see everybody being excited about the BET awards again. I know it was a joke for a long time period. People didn't really support as much. You got Kendrick up there yesterday like you got some of the biggest people in our culture that's influencing and back in the BET awards. That means a lot. We gotta get there next year y'all man we gotta pull up man bro to the BET awards.


Come on man. That's, that's, that's, that's important in the black community. Man we gotta slide to the BET awards. La Mike come on book the flights baby. That'd be fire man. Go to the BET awards carpet. We, it probably ain't gonna look like that next year, the year we go that motherfucker gonna be back to normal. It gonna be, we missed the turn year. Yeah, the, the turn year. Well at least Marcus Houston won't be here but when Marcus Houston got on stage yesterday they got to torture him bro. What they say? But they put the not like us tag photo up there. Bless His heart. They just gotta keep the young people in it bro. It it bro. They do. They do just with the Times. Just with the Times bro. What Marcus Houston do to the world man? Oh yeah, he he had a, yeah he had some questionable history. They was just like, oh y'all just go throw Marcus Houston on stage real quick.


I ain't getting into that. I see you had a new movie coming out. Yeah, I'm I'm gonna say something DJ Funny. His wife's 17 Let let DJ ISO Oh about Marcus Houston? No I don't wanna be anywhere along without Marcus Houston. He On that island. Get on that island. He's on the island. Oh damn. Oh crazy. Dj damn DJ Get 30. He one of them I'm pastor. I thought you Gatorade by nigga For sure. I'm staying away from that. Y'all shit be two little talking about these niggas. No. Yeah man it was a choice for short. I was wife 22. Yeah. Damn. 22 now. Oh damn.


Get get well soon boy. Locked in for minute. I see you had went to Turkey and got the hairline. His shit all the way down his head. Oh like god damn boy that movie brother. I said boy he better not take a shot the wrong way man that motherfucker boy it looks, I thought like he got tope on. Man this shit's crazy. He's Going through It bro. He got the Steve Harvey boy my before Carlos Boozer. Nah, I was like this shit crazy. Him and him and the other light-skinned niggas out pocket. Look at that shit bro. That shit tope bro. You definitely look like T and Tamari little brother right there. That shit wild. Oh man. Get well su for sure man. Alright. That shit like a, You know niggas put the stocking cap on that shit like a stocking cap nigga shit.


Yeah that shit look crazy. I'm leaving them niggas alone man. No that is crazy man. In the super chat four we get outta here. Marcus Marshall says ranked the Carters two damn six. He already ranked them. He already ranked them so he went 2 1 3, 4, 5, 6. In his opinion obviously what do we think after listening six again It is a production Wayne. So the Goat, I've heard a lot of people in the music industry talking about they're going to actually make their own version of the album and I'm probably excited to hear that one 'cause I don't wanna hear the other one again. But we talked about this a little bit but what's your favorite two quarters? Mines is one and two. One and two. Yeah. One my favorite though. You know what's funny? If you ask the age group just a little bit younger than us, they gonna tell you three as the goal three.


Yeah that's 'cause that the only one they heard. Mm. Like you gotta think he dropped that shit after the VH ones after that award show he did Lollipop in the album drop or whatever. So that's all they gonna remember. They went outside with one drop. They only remember Wayne with the tight pants. Yeah and the dreads, the the long dreads. They don't know about the block of hot. Yeah, yeah. Nah. Quarter two, 2005. Mm Like think about the 2004 we was in high school. Yeah we just started high school 2004. Shit. He dropped him back to back and then did the dedication series and then did drop three. Hell, hell. Oh eight.


Oh eight Carter three. That's kind of like that's late in the game. I was in college, that was summer oh eight too. I had just graduated high school and that dropped. It was cracking though. Everybody was excited about that but the league was the real album and the league was fired. Carter three. That moment was nice though. Yeah. For you to get your whole album scrapped and then make that off the Fly is fire to mes so I'll give it more praise than most people. Should I? We gonna celebrate June 29th though. 2004. Yeah. When the Carter one dropped man what? Me and a choke hold. I remember my nigga Bill had it on cassette. Damn. Yeah he had the card where you had to put the cassette in to play the the cd or did he just had it mug on cassette play the cd.


Yeah, I'm about, no you remember because we had to flip it to play the back. He had a cassette player. Bill car was weak as fuck A cassette and then with the Wire you cook it up to your CD player. Yeah, his car was weak. Nigga got a tempo because we had to listen to the whole, the whole album. We couldn't go back. The funny part about just build six four, there's no way he should been in a tempo. Oh yeah. That car was passed down. Damn. Shout out to the family. Wish for sure man. Yeah, we had to listened to the whole cd. We couldn't even go back. Damn man. Alright man. Before we get out here one more time for my boy Nacho man, Happy Birthday. Appreciate you showing up to work on your birthday. Big do All


right on man. Run my highlight tape again. Roll the tape back. That's we Fade fighting out to. I'm rolling for sure man. One more time for Boost Mobile Man. We appreciate y'all shout to Boost Mobile. You know the vibes right now. When you switch to Boost Mobile, you can get an iPhone 16. You know the vibes. Excuse me, I lied 15 with Dynamic I and 48 make Aix Man camera. 99. 99. You know the vibes. $99 and 99 cents for a iPhone 15 Nationwide 5G Network. Shout to Boost Mobile. You know the vibes. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time. It ain't never too late to get a 15. Yeah. Nah, you still good? You know what I mean? Wrote a clip. We out. I got a 14.


The volume


Does friendly have a taste? If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti plaque and whitening toothpaste. Brush away plaque show tartar whose boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten hello's, thoughtful and flavor forward products. Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to hello with the always cruelty-free, never tested on animals toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello add some everyday yay into your life.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree change of formula lift for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


I know a lot of cops and I get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is an iHeart podcast.