
Now streaming on Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross, based on characters created by James Patterson. We have to catch this serial killer. I don't kill for a foot. And created by Ben Watkins. Ms. K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. Clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I know I can't 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video watch now.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag ASU here or there. Fresh gear. 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp and a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks. When you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple terms starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit s hsu.edu today to get started.


The Volume, Good morning. Happy Tuesday is five 20 In The Morning your favorite morning sports basketball show. We are here to keep you up to date and everything. Sports is, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined up here by my two esteemed co-hosts. On my left I got Bishop Hendrick to my right. I got my brother Teg fellas. How y'all doing this morning? Chilling bro. Chilling. What up man? Lot of good basketball last night man. Let's go ahead get into it man. Your bucks my bucks yo bucks. You back on board man. Yeah we back man. Crazy game last night. 1 0 1 a hundred victory bucks. Got the win. Listen, the game ended so crazy. So we going start from how the game went, you know what I'm saying?


We saw the Dame got the go ahead bucket to win, but before that play, Gianni's got a hell of a block. You know what I'm saying? To get that possession. Was he out of bounds or not? I don't know. I don't know. You don't know? I don't know. This the video shows. The picture shows this very, very close snitch. Are you snitching? I ain't snitching. Listen, a lot of people were iffy about that call, but to be fair the Bucks have been getting screwed over with some terrible leg game calls. We just referenced the lame ball situation, yesterday's episode. So if he was out of bounds, they deserve that one it play. But also if I'm the Rockets, that's crazy. I mean that's just how it go bro. The NBA full of shit.


Everybody cheat bro. You ain't cheating. You ain't trying bro. So not everybody tipped outta of you. They just made missed the call. I mean y'all, I say you the reps can't see everything bro. That's a fact. It's 10 of them out there. But you know, I mean it is what it is. But the thing about that is maybe the refs can't but they have cameras. They can and they can go back and look at that over again. My bro said you should be able to do them, you know what I mean? Last two minutes of the game, whatever, go back and do the reviews. That's probably something they should look into. That was crazy but it was a really good game yesterday. Man. Listen, Burg Lopez went crazy yesterday. 27 to 10. We ain't seen the game. I got him in a long time. Dame had a solid 18 to 10 Giannis, 2013 Rocks.


Man. Really, really good game. Jalen Green, 21 to 19 yesterday. Fred Van Fleet looking like he's back in his Toronto days. So a smooth 26 piece man. The bucks three one last four games. They starting to figure it out. Figure out. I know. Figure it out. I mean they getting some wins so I guess that's all you can really hope for. But the way they win it is like down to the wire every game. They not really blowing anybody out or getting a real, real, real certified win. They all like by the skin of their teeth. So I don't know. That's interesting. You think they did string together some more solid victories more let say a couple blows? Yeah, everything is like, everything is like a flute play at the end or something crazy happen. They haven't really had no defined wins.


That's interesting you say that. I mean I don't know if we would consider them a championship caliber team, but most of those teams na, upper echelon situations, just like all right, burger season we coach, we with some of those but the way they have been losing these games has been like, all right, y'all like tighten up. Yeah it it is too many veterans to be losing these clubs games. But last night they pulled it off. I mean Dame one of the best players ever in the fourth quarter with Go ahead Buckets. I think he probably one of the top players in in the league obviously this year. But I'm saying at all time getting go ahead buckets. So putting the ball in his end at the end of the game, you probably in good hands for sure. And that's probably what the, the way the Bucky vision on winning, getting a good play from yo us defensively to lock up the possession and then if you know you at home, you know to get a ball.


Dang. For sure. And we've been critical of them but they are three will win the last four games and again still ain't on Chris Middleton. Yeah, they gonna take a win as a win bro. Facts. Yeah, they ain't looking at it like that. I mean y'all right. You know what I'm saying? They need to get a 15 point win, you know what I mean? But the three on one, how they started off they rolling. Oh girl saying three how we gotta get it bro outta the mud? Nah they, they starting to stringing along some games but just to see if they really turning that corner. We need a game where they beat somebody by 10 to 15. And do they need to be a good team? Where can they just be a Nah, they need to be a good team. Okay. I mean nah for them it just need to be a good win. Like a 10 15 point win to be a good, it could be the Wizards, it don't matter. Oh for sure. Yeah. What about the Rockets man?


10 to five you believe yet? I still don't believe but I'm, I'm happy to see that they 10 to five though. When they young court nobody expected them to even do nothing. You know what I mean? They looked at them like the the Raptors down near the blazer. So for them to be 10 and five, that's hard. That's solid. I think they are a team, like you said a lot of young assets, they're one like Allstar away from being like alright now we gotta really rock with them. But they a couple good really good pieces of way 'cause they got a lot of young talent. I think once they get figured out who they wanna move forward with, they could probably flip some of the young talent to get a Allstar. Get a superstar in a situation. Yeah they need a superstar. Another Allstar. I don't know. I mean they gotta get one Allstar before they can get two. I mean I don't, you don't see too many superstars go to the Rockets. You see that situation with James Harden was kind of a, you know fluky situation 'cause of how they traded them.


But you don't see too many these superstars go to the Rockets. Nah bro, I can't say that bro. Superstar niggas do pull up. Yeah too. Yeah Westbrook. Chris Paul pulled up. Chris Paul, Dwight Howard. Yeah late Dwight but Dwight killed in in Houston. I was gonna say every one of those players who made well well Chris Paul. Yeah that situation signed that honestly they was late. Was late. You got the rock fucked up team Matt. Well let's go. Yeah C Franchise they drafted. Yeah they drafted C Francis it don't matter. They see I said pulled up. That's a big difference. Greg pulled up, Tracy pulled up. He did did Verdict. Maxwell pulled up fought he fought somebody but he pulled up.


My boy pulled up, he was drafted and pulled up. Oh yeah. See DJ putting smart on the Rock's. Legacy. I'm nothing. I know that legacy. I mean they got championships so you gotta respect it. But yeah all in this day and age, I don't see too many people slide down there. But Drex pulled up. Charles Barkley pulled up. Shout to Verne. They literally got Legacy bro. Scotty. Scotty pulled up And how old was everybody you just had just saying all them ARP cars when they pulled up. Hey starting date with the patient's legacy. Yeah I'm just saying the Rockets really had superstars bro. Damn near Hall of Famers bro. No you're right. Fame was all above 35. They pulled up when Clyde pulled up won a chip. Ernie would never man. Yeah Cly pull up because Vernon crashed out.


That's why Tac pulled up. He was and they didn't get out the first round. Oh man these out pocket. Oh man shout but you see them playing good though with that young quarter they got shout out to Fred Van Fleet bro. He the old head over there so nah for sure. Damn John Wall pulled up, you see what happened with John Wall and Marcus keep going because he really crazy for real. Really Marcus cousin John pulled up. James Har put on the fat too. Yeah I mean so we naming the names. I seen the, when they pulled up Tyson? Yeah Tyson, Chandler, Sam Casale. Damn damn Robert Ory was there big shot. Shout to Robert Ory man Wan Howard pulled up all alright now we just naming people Teach Hall of Fame California bro.


That was all 40 that pulled up bro. That's crazy. Not everybody bro popped it off of Moses Malone. Damn all type of Hall of Famers play. Nah, shout to Rocky Legacy. I'll never disrespect but also this scene they got a lot of young pieces. I could definitely see them flipping that into making something crazy for the future. Man. Long as they on Trey Tar Easton man you know what's crazy, he was on a block last year and I ain't understand why I loved him in the draft when we was, he was coming down Cincinnati, he was nice for sure. And a guard pa. You got Reed Shepherd, you got Fred Van Fleet. I mean I think they may not even have to flip nobody pause because Fred Van fleets probably what, two years away out of that deal. 'cause I think he signed a four year deal in that situation. It was three, he probably three. Oh yeah. So yeah so after next year they might be able to the last year it was like a team option.


Mm. Fred might be chilling out there though. Fred getting paid and he doing his job. Shout out to Fred Van Fleet. Yeah for sure, for sure. Next game Clippers. You know what I'm saying? Crazy Game gets awards yesterday. Did y'all catch that at all? Yeah I seen a little bit of it. Yeah the end of the game was crazy. 1 0 2 9 9 Victory. Steph had 26, Wiggins 22 hard had 12 and 16 and the game was so crazy like the last possession last the Warriors had like almost two to three good looks at it. I mean Draymond's playing phenomenal right now. He almost had triple double but the way that he was getting rebounds and setting up Steph relocate and the way that that team just moved to Ver enemy able to get that shot. The Indy game was crazy man. Yeah they, they a well oiled machine now they they got they confidence back.


Draymond playing with a lot more confidence actually shooting the ball really well from three which is surprising. I mean he could shoot but he never really shot but he shooting with a lot more confidence now. But they gonna miss D Milton most definitely. I think he was they glue guy, the utility guy and he was like a Swiss Army knife. He can do a little bit of everything. So see how they incorporate somebody else new in that rotation. See how it go for sure man shots to Norman Powell still killing had 23 yesterday. Norman Powell might be most improved man. Talk about it Damn near the oldest most improved player ever. Yeah on God. mp I'm rolling. I've been a fan though. He might be an Allstar this year. Ooh. I mean he's danger averaging 24 right now.


Yeah if he, if he's keeping that up and they in the playoffs bro. Definitely gotta show some respect. Might he might sneak into the Allstar bid. That'd be far though man. And it's crazy 'cause he backing up his talk 'cause when PG left he said Dish by subtraction, you know what I'm saying? Everybody thought he was sneak dis and it wasn't sneak he was keeping it straight direct. It is my time to shine and he kill it. Bing, I respect you. I can't wait till they play the Sixers. I can't wait to talk about the Sixers niggas his ass. Woo. I gonna say they already played him. Saw how that went. Yeah shout out to PG even though they lost man the defensive team, the Warriors one of the best defensive teams in the NBA. Yeah I mean headed by their coach Jerry Stackhouse. I seen Draymond talking about Stack, I played with Stack and he do give out grade sheets every game.


He was a player giving us grade sheets. That's a fact. Wait, so like after the game he, he come through with the report cards or how y'all what? Yep he used to watch the film on the plane and he'd hand you a grade sheet. No bullshit. Wow. Right. So was it like offensive base or defensive base or all the above All defense. He a defensive coach. Okay so he would come up to you and give you a a card that had your grade on there like zero deflections, whatever. He have all these defensive requirements and he'll grade you. Damn that's hard. And nigga he I had a C minus every time that motivated him into the, the motherfucker. He's Savannah so I heard Dre ma talk about it and I'm like he was doing that shit when he was a player for the Hawks.


Was he a coach in the G League? Yep. Coach of Toronto Team Stack. And he was at Vanderbilt? Yeah Vanderbilt. Yeah. Hey shout to Jerry Sack house man. One of the most underwriter players. Nah he lead buckets for show but that's crazy that he gave evaluations like that yo. He gave us real life report cards and if you know Jerry Stack house you gotta respect it. The first time I threw that shit away he grabbed me by my arm. Yeah you know he on that. You better read that motherfucker. You know Jay Stack be on that with? Yeah and I was like what He don't know he from Kingston. He was like what is it? I was like what is it? He like it's a report card. Damn report card I'm grown. Aw dig. He he better read that motherfucker. Read your grave, show your mama So I didn't bring it back. Well he grabbed my arm.


I said yeah alright you got it Shit I got a C minus. Okay I'll better that said Jerry, Jerry Stackhouse was whooping shit in the NBA. Oh god. Yeah and Brandon Engle from the same city they known for whooping shit. For sure you healthy Kurt Snider. I shouldn't say Kurt Sny or pull up on you. Yeah bro you wilding get well soon but hey they said Dray mines don't say DPOY possibilities. You ain't gonna be in Cancun with you man. You having a great season Warriors still winning but swipe this You coming bro. Shout out to Warriors man that's crazy. Yeah I was so filthy but get your minds out the gutter bro. Bro I heard some bullshit you just had to address it. Chill. Nah, they playing good. Y'all know I'm a Warriors hater just 'cause I gotta stand on what I said back in the summer with Dre.


So fuck them.


The ember's NBA cup is here and you can win big. Getting in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in a single elimination and season turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the Draft King Sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right. Club five 20 CLUB five two oh and bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. All the on DraftKings the Crown is yours.


Now streaming on Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best and created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't care for foot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. It's a lot of sickos out there. There. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years known cross, I learned to dress his gut against S head. The clock's ticking. It was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can't because I know I'm better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video watch now.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Shop Dell Technologies's Black Friday event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today. With limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core ultra processors. Black Friday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade but it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. The holiday season is here. That means that it is time to start doing your holiday shopping this holiday season. Shop in store or online and get great savings on holiday favorites like Royal Dance Danish butter cookies. A signature select LightUp retro ceramic tree, Sylvania mini lights, village candles and multiple scent Pokemon Scarlet and Violet card sets and more offer ends December 3rd. Restrictions apply. Promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com. For more details.


Shout out to the Warriors man. Another great game yesterday. Not really great but it was funny 'cause I knew it was gonna be able to talk about everything that happened yesterday. The heat in the sixties. Yesterday 1 0 6 89. He got the dub Jimmy Butler came back with a 30 piece, took care of the sixes yesterday. Man I don't even wanna talk about the heat right now. The sixes are completely ass. Yeah they just, they just, they're asked. They just need to try over like start all over, blow it up, trade pg. It didn't work. It is not working. It's not, it's not working. 13 games into the season. It is already looking like a joke. And if you looking at the shooting per se, like MB yesterday had 11 points. He didn't shoot a free throw yesterday.


It hadn't happened in like the last six years and he didn't have a free throw attempt. And for somebody who be fab ba as much as he does, when you losing like that bro it look crazy. I just don't think they care. Mm dang. To be honest, like it just like out there they don't care. Jeremy McCain getting the most shots. He a rookie. He deserve it though 'cause he play hard. Take advantage of opportunity bro. They don't wanna hook show go crazy. But I'm just saying that just should tell you a lot. Yeah you got Kyle Lowry's story. I love Kyle. Keep keep getting them checks bro. He cool. BBL Larry bro. You getting three. Look at that tummy tuck you always wanted. He getting D-P-B-B-L is crazy but I'm saying he getting three shots up.


That's nasty. Alright. That ain't tripping. I mean I get it. Eric, Kyle, y'all been in the league damn near 20 years. Y'all ain't tripping. Y'all y out there. Y'all chilling. I get it. Yeah. Eric is really on Denver year 17 or something. Wow. My free EJ bro. He he went to that team. No, no, no. Ain't no free ej. Free ej man. He went to that team thinking he was about to have championship aspirations and that here bullshitting. Nah bro, he, he wanted to be there. You gotta take it bro. It's all y'all fault bro. Chill. What you saying bro? Your verbiage is crazy. Shit. You wanted to be there, you gotta take it. That sounds like some Diddy shit. Oh. But maybe one six ish.


That's crazy. That's crazy. You wanna be there. You gotta take it chill bro. There go. He's forcing the issue. Jerry McCain though bro. I I love the fact that he still his social media shit off after they lose. That's fire to me. Fuck it. Hey have fun. Yeah, that, that, that team is a joke. Gerald Moorey is rolling over in his grade bro right now. JJ Far told y'all he is a liar. He's kicking dirt. He's pissed. Like Paul George. I hate Paul George you gonna be a hall of famer one day probably. And yeah who cares. I mean do your thing. But he eat Tobias Harris for that team. Damn Joe. Man they put a, they put a side by side of him and Buddy Hill in the off season contracts and like Sonics and everything.


They was like all right production but Buddy Hill's been way better than PG in this situation. And look at the money difference boy. Shout out to Peach G if for getting that bread boy. Nah, the expectations of pg that's why people think it's, you know it's a fail now. Nah you supposed to be killing. Yeah he signed for a max extension. Yeah he out for Mac deal but as he should have like go get the bread. Like who? I wouldn't care either. Paul like do your hey pod talk about who gives a damn You did enough. You solidified. Yeah you solidified you ain't gonna win a chip or nothing but you solidify and they ain't going nowhere do they? At what point do they think about moving in BI know this is very early to say but is there a moment that they think about it and if so, when is that moment? Shit they moving in B it is up. Yeah they got a couple years before they can move and B they they better wait boy they trying to get off.


They almost 40. So wait till his 40th birthday to get him out there. How many, how many years he got till he turned 42? Like you said he's 38 right now. He just had to beat they badge. He's, that's not true. He's not 30 years old on everything. He's not 30 bro. Nah, Africans make a fake birth certificates all the time bro. He definitely, but we not going like 34. I don't wanna disrespect the lineage bro. But he 34 like no way. No way. Joel beat is he was, Joel B was born in like 84 when he first came out. I say he was born I'm say like ninety one ninety.


Hell no bro. Look at him bro. He's the eighties baby. For sure. No way. Jo Helen B was born in the nineties bro. I'm 88. He was definitely 89, 90, 83 bro. 92 at the latest 83 bro. That's wild. The real birthday is crazy. You know they always faking, they birth two good though. Niggas be 21 in high school. What the last name is? Whatever maker th maker he was 85 Maker. How old? How old did they say th Maker was though? He definitely was 20 in high school. Damn it was over him or Azz? Muhammad Bazo was definitely 20 in high school. Is he an African or he just name like it's a same, I, I, I, I'm not too sure.


I think he, I think it may be religion based but odu what say he laughing bro. Somebody whoop his ass get on his ass. No disrespect. That's what Jamar, Jamar been teaching me. Oh Jamar teach you? Yeah you gotta get a better teacher man. Don't put that smile on Jamar man. But if we get off the topic, obviously we may feel away but who you think will have the better end of the season? The heat or the Sixers? Heat? The heat. The heat. You think they gonna keep Jimmy? No. Damn. I mean that's the only reason why I asked that question 'cause I'm not expecting Jimmy to end the year with that team. Unless they, I don't think they give him an extension. I think Jimmy gonna stay the year bro.


Think so. If Jimmy stayed the year, they definitely gonna be a better team than the Sixers. Yeah for sure. Sixers just ain't got it. Like can we look, pull up Tobias Harris stats in Detroit? Mm I just wanna see what he doing in Detroit. Tobias Harris in Detroit? Hell no spell Tobias. That's crazy. I ain't gonna show you what he put up there. That nigga put Thais nigga. Damn Tobias the thingness is crazy. Mike out of pocket. Well yeah. What about boy Tobias? See Mike been blaming him fucking up text messages 'cause he talking his watch the way you just spelled that man name.


You're a liar. Your cousin. He been killing Zoom in bro. Damn nigga. Yeah, no that's the, the first time he was there. We're talking about this year at the bottom ball. Yeah we talking about what he averaging in Detroit. What is it? 13? It's off to the right Mike far right zoom in. Yo all have to do 13 and a half averaging 14 and the Pistons got a better record. 13 and seven. And Tobias, I can honestly say he's been consistent through his whole career. His re more consistent, real consistent player than ever.


Hey the fact that he, nah he was every time it was time for him to get paid. 16, 19, 20 dip down 16, 19, 20. We said what Jeff said they got them. Look at this st sheet. What I need? 14 seven and we won. Oh my mama, that boy calculated faster. Play the game the right way. The right way. What's the max? 20. Alright cool. I'm mid-level with 17. Throw a couple 30 points in there. Oh God. Shout out to the bias. pg They the same player right now. Yeah. Hey man I can't wait till say seven Sixers fans really get on the internet. Get disrespectful because it's coming soon bro. It's coming soon. They ain't, they ain't been too nice to 'em but I feel like they about to really turn up on them if they really sad These next couple 10 games, like you said the 10 game samples and B keep playing this bad and they not winning it is gonna get ugly.


I love Elton brand but I remember one day we were in a game and they wanted to sign Josh Smith. Right. But they end up signing Elton brand. Elm brand was coming off of torn Achilles. Right. It is quiet as fuck in the arena. I mean quiet as hell And all one of the fans stands of your life. Give it back Elton. Just give the money back to please Lord get him money back. I was a rookie, I was crying. They do what he mean like that It was all free throw. I was dead. Silence Bray, get the money back and just give it back please. I was crying. You gonna do that shit to Paul. That's a, that's another nigga who ran it up in the NBA.


Oh break up run is the God. Yeah he be one of my favorite teammates. Everbody. I just remember that shit. I was like damn it was dead silence bro. And the game wasn't even fat nigga. This is what people wouldn't even go into. The Philly was ass damn man. Oh this when they had the RA with the thick, blue and white. Yeah that was nasty. They was damn near weak. This was Drew for a rookie year and shit. They wasn't sad. Sad but they wasn't like, they wasn't like that. Lou Will was still on the team and shit. Damn. Damn. Is he still working for the organization? Who? Eb? Yeah. Yeah I think so. Shout out to hell man. Get the money back. It's hilarious. Let just get the money back. My boy hit a hundred mil contract before in the NB. Please, please. Nah Finess.


I was like hell, I don't know why this is up here but the Cowboys got their ass beat last night. Yeah they took off. The bra we're tanking and we don't even mean to, I don't know what we wanna talk about. They the Philly of the of the NFL we're probably worse than that but I'll take that this year. I don't know what we're supposed to do. Dak is obviously gone for the year. He was gone from the year since the beginning. Shado Shado y'all. I'm down. If we tank for Shado, I'm with it. We gotta get Dion too though. We gotta have both bro. Bro. And we gotta have both. Dion got gotta pull up bro. They they just see this how I know y'all don't really pay attention to shit.


We just got the number one, number two quarterback in the country bro. Dion's not leaving. You think he gonna stay and do all that with the number one, number two quarterback in the country and then dip? It's not how this works bro. Oh coaches have left in much better situations before. No, no they haven't. He's staying in Colorado and Boulder. Y'all might get lucky get Shado but leave Dionne alone. Y Deon pull up. Y'all can finish. Do you know what would happen if Deion Sanders was the head coach of Dallas Cowboys? I don't give a damn. Jerry cares about that. That's what Jerry don't give a fuck about winning. He wants to be important. A-list topic on every show. Nah they gonna get money anyway. Tyson just sold out the stadium Jerry about this bread. He ain't about wins losses bro. I don't give a damn bro.


That's a good story Jerry. On his way out Dion to the Dion to the Cowboys, he is a covid test away. So now listen up. This all Dion ain't wasting this time. He's a no boy. Sorry for all the people who lost to like, you know I mean out to y'all. I'm talking about this new strand, the rebrand. Lord I the new Strand don't get me. You might fuck you, you be acting fuck you. The new crazy. You on your way out of town with around my mama. But yeah Cowboys we suck. I it always the club. Oh that's the mass preference. Yeah. Club five 20.


It almost took his life. Woke up tasteless. I did. That wasn't even to five 20. That was Ville almost wasn't the five 20 that was. It was a vibe though Sean. Well me telling what on me. Same last. Let's turn it up though. We got time today. Most definitely we can move on to Cowboy Suck. Get well soon. Chador pull up Dion. Slide two crazy games last night. Bulls beat the Pistons last night won 22 to one 12. Zach Levine went insane last night. In the fourth quarter he hit six threes. He went like 2 cents. We hit three in a row. Voch killing 29 to 12. Kobe white man show some respect.


20 5K Cunningham 26 and 10 yesterday they beat us. They beat the trash team. Damn crazy bars I've heard but which one was which one was the sad team because they, they a little bit close in the rankings. Nah, pistons. All the pistons are the sad team compared to the Bulls Pistons really ain't that sad this year man I'm telling y'all the Bulls are needed though. They a middle of the road Pac team in, in the east. Most definitely. And listen, well the Pistons got seven wins. Turn them up man. That's that's a great year for them so far. Kade Cunningham is one of the people that I, listen, I know they be trying to shave people who be on bad teams with good stats but he has to be allstar this shit man. Yeah you keep vouching for K.


He killing bro. He yeah he vouch For more than I ever see go to K Cutout. He be hooping bro. I gotta, I can he, I can't help you playing with side nigga. He be killing, he vouching for K he he be killing bro. argenx nigga bro. 20 to 10. That's elite bro. That's a good, that's a good ass game. I was like I gotta check K cu him every time he come over here he say K cu him K cu guy come on the show bro. He he vouch for you more than he vouch for Tyree Hallberg. That's a fact. Hey chill out. We locked in but that's, that's my dog. K be killing light-skinned niggas unite. That's crazy Now Katie's a killer though.


He's a killer. Exactly Being killer. Like you said, he probably won't be there by February but he doing everything he's supposed to to show that he's still like that. Nah, he a dog bro. He a dog still athletic, you know what I mean? He ain't lost a step. Not at all. And you need to see Isaiah Stewart from Air Force ones asap bro. He did something now bro. He put a day. Terry so hard yesterday for no reason. I seen that he got chill bro. Nah I don't like that. Hit me on that. He too mad bro. You just got paid bro. Why you so mad? I thought y'all need one of those on every team though. Yeah a bruiser. I need one on Pike. That's what he is. Trey I Isaiah. Yeah I need I Isaiah Stewart, that Pike Pipe. You got a little brother fly? Nah you definitely need a crash out. Yeah. Told you you get, you pull my boy or Ephraim told you.


Nah nah, nah B in high school recruiting tape is crazy. Hey, hey Worse than Jerry Stackhouse. I got the perfect crash out linebacker D one. He five. He going pros bro. He 5 8 0 9 bro he is six foot bro. That's the worst thing ever. When they put people from the football team on the basketball team just to come in and foul bro. It's the worst shit ever. Yeah Jeff had it last year. Who? Who's the football crash at on your team Bobby? No. Alright. I'm about to. He's a dick The African but he's a real, he's a real as shout little bob man y'all crazy.


Nah he crash up too though on me. The Nixon kid wins yesterday 1 34 to 1 0 6. You are stupid. I can't wait for him to see this. Shout to high school Bob as hell though. See I said you can't wear no tight shirt. You can get two A. You strong boy strong now. Oh fuck man. Oh y'all crazy man. Knicks won 34 1 0 6 yesterday took care of the Wizards light work Wizards ass. Yeah man Free j Jalen Brunson Smooth 26 and 11 Kat do what he does best. 24 and 12 K been balling C can always get them stats regardless. He that's a fact. That is a fact. He gonna hoop bro.


It don't matter how the game is going bro. STAs what they call him out there? The big the big what? What? What Bodega Big Bodega. He got got some nasty nicknames boy. He got some sick ass aliases. I wouldn't even name none of those. They calling it the big Per. That's nasty bro. Yeah Ca he fit all those nickname. She got all them different ass personalities. So he got different nickname with different voices. Yeah the big per that's for that little voice. The big per. That's super big Bodega when he, that nigga big per ca. They the biggest, they playing with your sexuality bro. Calling you the big per wild bro. You be like well you know that's a drag queen name for real. What Love for you?


Well look rappers beat the page yesterday one 30 to one 19. RJ Beard with super sad yesterday he had 39 to nine. He been killing too I swear. Been killing bro. He's had a Grace couple games played with his name bro. When start going crazy, well the thing was in the Knicks he was getting the stats but they was low key like not really progressing. And then they got good last year when they traded him. So they kind of acted like he was super sad but wasn't he on Max deal? They remember Max deal? Yeah he was very capable player Man. Sex was nasty work though. They was like force 18 it was like weak but like this 20 he getting this year is aight though. But was it ever a good idea to have him next to Julius Randall? Like the way that they played, they played the same way. That's why I couldn't be too mad at same person.


But he average in 23 bro. He he six and six I swear to got he hooping. I ain't gonna lie. This is like the RJ beard that Duke Mm he hoop. Yeah. People forget he was the number one recruit boy. Yeah I swear he killing Jacob. Porter went crazy yesterday 30 and 15 Bitter. Hey he killing too. Yeah, Jacob Porter. He de hooping. He going crazy too. And he always a person that's randomly in trade rumors. Yeah because everybody want him. 'cause he really nice. Yeah, he a sleeper role player. What? What's up with the Pacers though man? Shit, we just got smacked last night. Miles didn't play. We still down a lot of rotational players that we normally have. Tyrese was not good yesterday at all.


Only only person who's been consistently good this year has been biding Mather.


Now streaming on Prime. Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best and created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't care For fun, this killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. It's a lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut against inside his head. The clock's ticking. He was in my house. You messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. You think you can stop him? I know I can't 'cause I know I'm better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video watch now.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals this new year SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple terms starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone. Up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Shop Dell Technologies's Black Friday event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core ultra processors. Black Friday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade. But it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway Planning to entertain in your home this holiday season. Make sure you stock up on all your household cleaning essentials before guests arrive now through December 3rd. Save when you shop in store or online on items like Swiffer Pet Swiffer Wet Jet, Mr. Clean brooms, Clorox bathroom cleaner, Lysol all purpose cleaner signature select glass cleaner and signature. Select drain clog remover off Renz December 3rd. Restrictions apply. Promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com. For more details.


What's up with Tyrese? Apparently this back injury comes and goes. Pause. So I don't know. I don't know. I'm I'm, there's always a light skin that's getting the back. Hey. That's crazy. That is crazy. Hey man, pull that tear y'all up man. You need to come talk to us bro. Yeah, come sit down and talk to us bro. Quit dodging us. You was talking that shit at the butter van. Quit dodging us bro. I shout out to my dog. He gonna slide through his pull up Pascal hoops. Consistently bending math hoops consistently. Everybody else is kind of up in the ways in the win. If Miles played last night, probably win that game but he didn't and we lost. I ain't no excuses for it. Shout out to the rappers. Yeah. Pull up dress shoes. You crazy. Magic beat the sun yesterday.


1 0 9 and 99. And the magic deserve all the respect and the praise that people who wanted to jump on their back wagon this year because without PB five they have won the last six games. Franz Wagner has been killing. Yeah he gonna be an Allstar this year. He been killing he on a max deal. We just got a max deal. He deserve it. He averaging 22 this year. He different though. I ain't gonna lie. He got game if you watch him play. He he, he has special talent for sure. Yeah he cold bro. Eastern Conference player of the week, last couple of games. He's been above 30 like averaging and he's, listen Anthony Black had 29 last night. He's been consistent. He started the season off consistent 10 point games. But he was asked for a minute last year.


Yeah. Nah, at the beginning of this year he was playing terrible. Yeah he just kept getting the minutes. They kept believing in him. I mean he a young guy, they picked him high in the draft last year but they kept rolling with him this year. He finally figuring it out a little bit before at the beginning of the season he was ass. I'm like get him out Co Anthony to play. But he been stepping it up lately. Now that's interesting you say that because as a player, when you know situations GMs is like okay, I know he may not be playing the best right now or he may not be better than the people I'm playing. But I drafted him so I need him to succeed. Yeah. I gotta see, I gotta give him a chance. Yeah. I can't draft him that high and not give him a chance. So they had to give him a chance And right now it's kind of paying off but the beginning of the season he was ass. Yeah, most definitely. And they didn't sign Markel fo back and they got a lot of guards but like they forced an issue with him.


But obviously whatever they do is working. Man they going crazy without PB. Five sons took a L yesterday. Well I know we talked about KDS return. Are they gonna be able like to sustain till then? 'cause they dropping games crazy yesterday like fly P back soon bro. Nah they can't keep losing like this bro. This that calf bro. You know he already had that Achilles. That's the same thing that happened. Remember he strained his calf and Golden State then came out there and popped that Achilles. So he gonna have to be tread lightly for sure. Yeah he might be throw off. Forgot nigga got the motherfucker hockey stick legs. Shout out to K Man you crazy. Your hawks took care of the Kings yesterday. 1 0 9, 1 0 8. That's some bullshit. Yeah I, I didn't roll with my Hawks last night. I said it very quietly but good win boy.


Sure. Dyson Daniels bro. He, he might be in the running for first team All Defense. Hey he's special on the defensive end bro. I ain't gonna lie. Nah he be hooping bro. He got the game winning deflection at the end against Fox. He, they might have to give it to him. Yeah. First team all Defense for Yeah he's hooping man listen, your boy D Hunt showed up last night for him. Trey Young. Seven points for 19 as assist. It's crazy. Yeah. Welcome to the party D Hunt. Why? Why to wake up boy he ain't having a bad year though. Yeah, he actually hooping playing pretty good this year. Nah for sure. Yeah. 20 points a game bro. Trey Young. He ain't been even playing real solid this year. Tre Young didn't look like Ron though out there Seven points 19 assist is crazy.


Yeah De Hunt bro. I I got you some Slack from last year. You stepped it up this year. My boy would to shut me up 'cause I had you on the trade block but you hoop. He probably you was trying to send De Hunt out here him me last week. I wasn't trying Trey Trey. I was just saying he need to go to San Antonio 'cause I ain't believe in my Hawks. I was like we might wanna start over. Wait, so you tried to tradey? I mean not because I don't like him. Nobody. Oh you made it personal. Okay. You like him? Nah, you know people, you know most people be like Trey, Trey this person 'cause you want him off your team dj. Yeah me but me. I don't want him off the Hawks. I'm just trying to say what's best for him. 'cause I ain't think the Hawks was going nowhere but we got a chance. Shout to Dice Day save season man.


Facts. We got a chance. We figuring it out. Darren Fox was killing last night. Smooth 28. Shout to Keon Elliot yesterday. He had 33 for the Kings yesterday. He with nine threes or something like that. Man going crazy yesterday. Yeah he got a burner dog. Who y'all favorite young guards man I just wondered. Favorite young guards? Mm point guards. I know y'all like Lalo Rock with Melo obviously know Rock with k Cunningham Tough. He nice. Yeah, seriously. Trying to think. I don't know bro. Super young because I, I mean most guards I fuck with is I've been around for a minute. But yeah there's a lot of quality guards in League I I, I still call D Fox and them Young guards for some reason even though I know they old we think like year eight or something like that. Yeah I mean you can definitely say he's still young guard Fox. But I like Darius Garland if we going young.


Yeah, I like DJ Nice. Yeah I but I Fox and I like, I like Tre Young a lot. Like them like two of my favorite people to watch play. They exciting to watch. There is Garland exciting to watch too though. Like them heads. He between heads he pullback there. Yeah, he he special and he's small. Man. How tall is he? Gotta be like six foot. Yeah that's why I respect him. I know a lot of people don't watch them much but Keon George I rock with him. His game solid from the Utah? Yeah. How does be math? He ain't the pg but how old? I mean how old is he? He probably year three man. Yeah Benedict is definitely we, I spoke High Benedict. You did? Nah, Benny Mathen called. I thought he was keeping the pgs but nah. Yeah. Oh yeah, he's cold bro.


He definitely young boy. Two years in the league. Yeah, I'm rolling. Keonta George, he broke as hell go to his stocks. I just like the way he played man. He, he played like one of 'em that's gonna be good. He play like Jordan Pool. He gonna end up being, he played like I play 2K code and that's, that's the people I like to play basketball. He end up going be, he gonna be good but right now he be broke as hell. Damn. He be getting him up. But I respect it. Damn. Shout somebody got shoot it, somebody got shoot it and they taken anyway. Might as well be you my boy. Shout to the hawks in the dub up tonight's game. Hey Cavs and Celtics. What's up Donvan Mitchell back. Who getting the dub. It's gonna be a good game. I'm not gonna even speak on that one because I'd love to see 'em go 16. You know.


Yeah I would too but I, I think the Celtics might do it tonight. Think the Celtics might do it tonight. I would like to see the C one tonight just because they at Boston. That would be funny if they get that dub at Boston. That's fire. Yeah, that'd be horrible. Oh that's gonna be a tough out though. They gonna be so hyped to play them. Yeah, it's gonna be a good game man. Shout to Dolphin Mitchell coming back from this game. ERs at Nets. Ooh that's the first game but the two be double header. Hoer smacking now Warners on the smack session for sure. How many shots does B Simmons take this game over or under five? He might be right at over. Is this Ben Simmons last year? He gotta be bro. He acting like it is. I can't, I can't see anybody. I mean I don't know what experiment has worked with him so far.


Obviously this is the rest of the season. I don't know where, what row you have for him on a serious situation. Like I don't know who's nowhere Ben Simmons about to be out the league or there's, it can't be. He keep playing like this. It will be bro. It can't. This can't be it. I don't know bro. It can't go out like this. He can, he can shut it down though. I mean he got enough money he's up. Yeah he has enough money to say he got a a whole lot of money from Nike. A whole lot of money from the NBA. Yeah bro. Go get your fashion fits off bro. Go hit all the hos bro. Go on tour bro. Pull up bro. So we can go grab Draymond bro. You a fisherman now you a fisherman. What you trying to say Fishermans? Don't get no coochie? No I'm just saying like that might be something he really go, he might go deep.


Take him on the boat with you. It's crazy. Them the plumbers you got the most downtown. They the most peaceful motherfuckers in the world. Ain't no plumber peacefully. Yeah it's bro getting shit ain't peaceful. You disrespecting the whole plumber job. I disrespected But that's essentially what you're doing. You gotta go pump out shit. You're not taking your work through. That's bro. Shout to the plumbers essential workers. We need y'all respect for the trades facts bro. I mean y y'all charge a fucking lot. Shit I had to get, I had to get some showers and shit moved around. You a fucking couch. It's deeper to wrap. Yeah. Renovations kicking my boy ass.


He had peach. Think you said parts. It cost a fucking lot. Them and electrician shout out to my dog but to Dominic shout all y'all, y'all cost a lot too. Yeah, they shout to Dom ain't getting paid. Alright so y'all, y'all taking the Hornets and Nets, you got the Hornets who got yeah for sure. Hornets don't care bro. I ain't gonna lie. Alright, I'm gonna take the nuts man. Turn up Cam Thomas Nuggets at Grizzlies. Nugs. Fire game Nuggets. Yep. Okay. I don't, Ja not playing right. I don't believe so. Nah, nah. Yeah Ed out with APR Sprained ankle. They just got Jaren Jackson tonight. Oh yeah, I'm cool. He about to earn his money tonight. Yeah, I'm cool. Yeah, well soon. PEs at Mavs.


I'm gonna take the Mavs. I'm gonna take the pill PE against tonight. I got Brent Angle going crazy. You be putting on your Yep. That's a bad damn. It's a loss. Instant loss. Yeah. I'm gonna rock with the mask. Everybody in the Pelicans is injured. It's crazy. The pills is out bad. Plus three 50 tonight baby. I crashing. I can't wait to hear this part crashing. On. the Tuesday. It's crazy. But if that's how you start with the pills. It is going up On, the Tuesday the trash ass song that your girl in the club machine Thunder as Spurs. Who y'all got? I oh thunder, I, I wanna see the Spurs get a win, but Thunder. Thunder as Spurs. So you got it sound like a lot of fat girls at they game.


Damn. Oh no. Bats would be in that crowd at all. See how they, see how they body changed. See how they body. Charles bark. Coach shout to the Charles shout. Chuck said shout all women are beautiful. No, I'm not saying they not what I'm saying. I'm telling you what Charles Barkley said. Oh okay. Yeah. Respect. Chuck Club gone. No. And Duncan said it was weak down there. I'm gonna go with Tim because they done there for a long time. Nah, Tim cannot speak on the Ho. But we can move on from that. Shout to Tim Duckett. That's what Club five 20 Thunder. You got? Yes. You can't speak on him. He can't speak on him. Yes you can Tim. He can bro. Fuck does Tim does Tim Duncan have drill locks now? Yes. Yeah, he didn't get a lot up until he left the league.


Yeah, him and Scotty Ppen probably the two worst after the NBA niggas ever bro. What? Tim Chilling bro. Got him a new little joint. That's why he started getting the fade. Shout his old joint did him bad. Dang, Tim, you the best player forever bro. These bitches don't love you two his new one though. Shout out to Tim bro. Shout to his new love Wake Forest alone. Oh okay. That's crazy. Jazz is new shorty. Nah, he's, oh I don't know who new shorty is. Jazz at Lakers gotta be a pink toe. Lakers. I don't care. Love who you love bro. That's what they do. Niggas get hurt by them black women.


His first white girl black. She wasn't black. What do you mean? His first girl wasn't black? Nah bro. The girl that didn't even real greasy bro. She wasn't black. She was black bro. No she wasn't. No no girl. You talking about she cheated on him bro. With another nigga. The other girl left him bro and took some of his bread from him bro. That's the white lady? No bro. You got it mixed up bro. The white one cheated on him bro. Peggy cheated on him. Okay, so who, that's what he got the MVP. What? That's who she was letting, what's the name? Cracker then he got in a, with a black girl for a little bit bro. She, she roasted him, took his money. Now he with a new bunny.


Shout out to Tim his lineage. No he that might be the white. That might be the white man that she was letting pluck pluck her. Man. He don't know nothing. He just make it up stupid. I'm serious bro. Bro, he was married to his white lady? Yes. And that's who was cheating on him bro. Yeah, she took, tried to take the money. Ain't no black bro bro. What he you gotta tell algorithms fucked up. Don't have what Lakers, Tim. Y'all got the dreads right there. What is he talking about? Tim and a black lady. We gotta move ball from this. Yeah, Tim, I'm sorry bro. We taking to Lakers at Univers. Across the what? That's what, that's how, that's how Booy b call me bruh.


Mark Zuckerberg call me. Call me bruh. That's crazy. Verified buckets B here. Who was getting to it last night? My God. Well he asked tpa. This is just a side point. He asked tpa since you're doing something with Mark Zuckerberg. Man tell let me get my page back. Put it on live. I give you a thousand dollars. What's wrong with Booie? Man, shout out to him. He got his 10th kid on the watch. Freaky Barrett man. 39 and nine last night. Man. Cool. Calling Freaky. That's smut bro. The allegations, they was lying. Not smut bro. He in Toronto. He in Toronto. Kicking back with the joints man. That's, that's what's up bro. With the teens. With the who? The teens argenx what they saw. Oh you better put a G, make sure they hear that G.


I ain't say the things or the teens. Nah, teens. I thought you said teens. Oh but Freaky Bird was killing us. They not like us. That's bad. 39 better fuck him up. Oh man, RJ out of pocket. But you killing though bro. RJ ran off of the plug. No he but he thought he was. That's RJ is the real big Per No he not bro. He not. That's the one off his name. Man, I'm gonna go with Jimmy brother 30 and 10 yesterday coming back and kicking the hell outta Sixers. Man. Jimmy was killing last night. I'm going with my dog.


Franz wa Hey Franz is killing man. I remember Gary told us how good he was. Obviously we was aware of him when Gary came on to show and told us how good he was, I kind of paid more attention ever since he really cold of basketball man. Yeah he say he really was one of them so I respect it so. And last not least man gotta show some love. Key Ellis nine threes last night. 33 points went crazy. Listen, we got some good performances last night also some bad ones. Behead who need some encouragement? Cal Anderson man. Who the hell is that? Who Look from the Warriors? No, Calison got dunked on by Terrence Smith. Oh yeah, that's it's bad he got punched on. Yeah it is bad. Yeah. Old school Kyle. Bad knee Kyle. It was, it was Wicked.


Lemme see that Clear Lane. Kyle old as hell. Oh Kyle was like 32. Shout to him man. Kyle might be, is he that old? Probably like 32 man Kyle. I don't know why he, he faking Shop Locker Smooth move around bro. That's what we call false effort in my neighborhood. Getting ducked over for no reason. Man, that's crazy. You know else got punched on last night. Kyle Coman man Kyle Cosma got Yam on last night by Jericho Sims. Yeah and we don't even like watching Jericho Sims play basketball man. Why not? He be pissed after what he did in the dunk contest holding up that sign bro. I've been off him bro.


He be punching shit. Oh he punched on Kyle Co. He tried the way Banjo bitch man Jericho Sims holding that Sign up in the dunk contest bro. I've been sick of him ever since bro. I ain't wanna see him ever again. And he played for Nicks like do your thing bro. Last but not least man, Joel mbi. Yeah. Bam. Show the handle didn't he out to ba out the bio man. Big guard I man, when you having a bad game and you get it put on a hol, I feel like niggas are really crash shot after that. It's already bad. You having a terrible game if somebody putting you on their highlight reel, bro. That's crazy. I've been there before.


Just run into em. Find too crazy, just slap em. Next point. That's like run into 'em is crazy bro. That's crazy.


Listen man, before we out here be here, people trying to win some money man did. Your bet didn't hit yesterday. It never do. We was close yesterday, you know what I mean? Shout out to those who you know did they thing. Shout out to those who failed y'all but tonight crash out Parlay. Leave your bitch Lalo Ball 30 points. Kim Thomas, I believing in you tonight. Nasty. We're gonna give you 30 Brandon Ingram 25 money line on the Pelicans today. They will win tonight. Jason Tatum, 30 points Yoic 30 points Shaa 30 points a hundred dollars wins. You grand total of $38,389. Guys, good luck to all those participating. The Crown is yours. Shout to Draft Kings Youth promo Code Club five 20 to put in this bet. You gonna definitely need a bonus bet 'cause I don't know if this is gonna hit or not. Lot legs in that parlay, but we got faith man. One day it's gonna come through for us. Seven only, bro, we good. We locked in. This is a good bet. I'm telling you. I bet ass Pelicans got everybody hurt. We gonna pull it out tonight man. Hey yo. And on that note, let's get him outta here. We appreciate y'all tuning in. Please let us know if you using the parlay, be here used so we can know not to refund you no money and block you afterwards. We'll be back tomorrow morning. It's five 20 In The Morning The Volume.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway Planning to entertain in your home this holiday season. Make sure you stock up on all your household cleaning essentials before guests arrive. Now through December 3rd. Save when you shop in store or online on items like Swiffer Pet, Swiffer Wet Jet, Mr. Clean Brooms, Clorox bathroom cleaner, Lysol, all purpose cleaner signature, select glass cleaner and signature. Select Drain clog remover Off ends December 3rd. Restrictions apply, promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com. For more details.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind The Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam maba, All the biggest Slack Artists on the Planet together in Africa. It was A big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast. Hey, this is Kyle Bras. You're busy. I'm busy, but every single Monday we take 10 minutes to dish out. 10 takes NFL Life, whatever. But never more than 10 minutes. It's 10 takes with Kyle Bras driving home from work. You got time for 10 takes taking a smoke break. You still smoke, you got time for 10. Takes hiding in the bathroom at work. You got time for 10 takes. Listen to 10 takes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or Wherever you get Your podcast.


Wasabi Hot Cloud Storage. Store more and do more with your data. Try them for free@wasabi.com.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager. We're back for the season with Peter Schrager. In each episode of this season, I'm gonna empty my proverbial notebook and take you inside and behind the scenes on the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchises. You see, you'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Cheeks fan Paul Rudd. By the way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this podcast? Music is awesome, incredible, very good. It's very kinda like a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schreker on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wasabi Hot Cloud Storage. Store more and do more with your data. Try them for free@wasabi.com.