(1s):
Ugh. Spam calls. Sound familiar? Introducing line two. Get a second phone number right on your existing phone. Imagine discounts, appointments, online forms. Handle it all without giving out your personal number. It's like having a secret weapon against spam. And when those unwanted calls sneak through, boom. Blocked. No more interruptions. No more stress. Stay connected. Stay protected. Keep your main number safe and out of harm's way. Ready to take back your phone. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store today.

(37s):
The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1m 9s):
I'm Camilla Ramon At Amli Ortiz and our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide. And we cover it all This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen To Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.

(1m 46s):
The Volume. Good morning. Happy Fridays. Five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show. I want them. We right now we trying to figure out what Georgia gonna buy for the rest of the year. But we appreciate Y'all mid, we had this talk Bugs Bunny. Y'all not, y'all would not disrespect Retro Ace on the show trying the bug Bunny a or fire the Aqua a classics. I should have wor my bug bunny ace. Y'all tripping. They wouldn't been able to see em. I'll put my phone on this. No other sponsor here that doesn't exist. But I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a full house on this Friday morning. Bishop Nacho five 20 mo fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up brother? I lied, I lied, I lied.

(2m 26s):
All none of my teams won. All right. Hope you ain't bet with me. Yeah, That's what they part like with be here. Well I mean it is what it is. He just gotta show that he ain't tied into the NBA fix. So sometimes I did that on purpose. He throw doozies out there. Yeah, I had to. He's a part of the playing y'all. He has the Script for sure. A lot of things took place yesterday but first thing starts, man prayer is up for Elijah Arenas. Man, we heard the news yesterday. Unfortunately he was involved in a car crash. Happy to hear he is doing better but man prayer is up to the arenas family for sure. Man, that was crazy to see. Yeah man, they gotta stop putting stuff like that on Instagram though. The way they did it bro.

(3m 6s):
Yeah, they had me thinking, You know what I mean? The worst of the worst. Yep. You know what I mean? They got that. Gotta stop doing that man. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody's heart drop yesterday but You know what I'm saying? Prayers to them. Happy to hear that he is doing better for sure. Prays up to arena's, family. NFL Draft Man. Crazy, crazy night man. First things first. Ken Ward winner number one. I told y'all boys, everybody was on my fucking head. No, he's the best quarterback in the draft. I knew he was going number one. He was better than Sanders. I told y'all that. I mean everybody was hating on me. He, he Is my favorite just because he, he's humble, beginners like us and he just worked. But I mean this, this Shado should have won first round.

(3m 48s):
But like you said it, it is deeper than talent. So I I get It. Yeah man. Ken Wore is a Tennessee Titan for sure. He will be playing Indianapolis a couple times man. Yeah, we gonna beat your ass. But wait, who shout out to you? You, you were Titan now who was he? Nah, I'm a coach. Oh my fault. Who is he? Jackson Dark boy. He, he was cold on ncaa. Jackson Dart was cold on ncaa, I swear to God. He was very nice. Oh a lot of people feel he was him. Nah, he was wasn't. Yeah I used, I used to fuck him up. That's, he used to be with ka, they had the receiver too. Yeah, I remember that squad for sure. So he better than Shado. Listen, people all let it.

(4m 28s):
I don't believe that if you looked at Jackson, Dr. She shout to him like people putting spun on his name 'cause they wanted Chador to get picked. He was the first round pick so it salute to him. But Yeah. What Shado did numbers wise? I mean listen off the field stuff or how you feel about him? The family that's different man. The Giants coulda went and got him. Josh coulda went and got Shado bro. Man Shado is first round talent for sure. Yeah, for sure. You know. But he's first round talent for sure. But it's some things that like don't, I mean he can throw, he can throw the ball that always translate. But the NNFL has changed man. They need dual threats. Like if you can't really move outside the pocket or you can't really pick up no yards with them feet.

(5m 10s):
Yeah. Like go look at all the quarterbacks that's successful now they all can move. Yeah. And like move with good, good Feet. You know what I mean? We look at Lamar, Josh Allen, pat Mahomes, all these dudes can move And that's the way the NFL is going Kind of. Yeah. Jalen hurts even. And your boy in Washington. Yeah you gotta move them feets. You gotta have them feets and they looking for more athletic dual threats. And Shado is not athletic at all but he can throw that ball. Yeah. My only thing about him is man Tom Brady told us he was cold bro. If the goal sitting he cold bro. And I done seen him work out with him in close proximity bro. Yeah. I'm not going to get stabbed bro. I mean, but shit, I don't watch football enough to speak heavy on it bro. But I, I promise he did enough to be in his first round.

(5m 52s):
Oh for sure. But when you got access to certain shit you got access to. Yeah, I don't think They feel like dealing with all that other stuff though bro. And that's, I think everybody's the same way about that. It is deep in the rap for sure in this situation. Yeah. Yeah. But especially if you can get him that same player in the second round. Yeah okay. For cheap like alright he's still gonna be there. They Start seeing that nobody was Picking him, picking him. It is like wow. Oh yeah, why I get Him next round. You niggas probably got on a conference call Zoom saying what y'all doing. Alright cool. See guys, You look around em draft boards bro. The information ain't too hard to find. People got the same age, go to the second round please Another, the Browns have a couple high second round picks.

(6m 32s):
Yeah they've got one in four in the second round. Oh yeah. Houston obviously is not taking the quarterback. The Titans just draft for Cam war so it's a possibility that he's a brown early today. I'm going through the picks there. The Raiders Saints. The Browns, the Saints. Mm Yeah The Saints were the Browns. I mean he gonna get an opportunity now. I'll tell you what, the Raiders right there at five would be kind of crazy because man listen they just got old boy so they got a dope running back. You got Pete Carroll Tyro's there but he's, I'm not Tyro, excuse me, my man's Gino. Gino, excuse me, he's there. I don't think he's gonna be the long term play for this situation. Alright. I wouldn't be mad at that situation. They had a hell of a draft. If they get the running back as and you get him, that's a lit situation for the Raiders.

(7m 13s):
Now I know second round ain't where he wanted to be but it's good for that team. It's Probably good for him too. Yeah probably put a chip on his shoulder And it probably humble you a little bit bro. I'm Something on you going to Vegas bro. I'm Rolling that energy with him. Makes sense. Yeah but like being humble the little bit is always a good thing. Yeah especially then they super lit bro. So yeah Probably like hold on 'cause lock Back in. Lock back in He get ready. Yeah, Most definitely. Yeah he humble you a little bit and we talked about this before. I mean You know what I'm saying? Obviously wouldn't be a first round pick but getting a chance to get a chance in the NFL second round pick get paid quicker, You know works. You know why this is a good thing for him though, to be humbled a little bit. Why? Because he would win the NFL with so much expectations. He is a first round pick. Yeah he do the watch shit, all that shit.

(7m 54s):
And now he got humble. He a second round pick. You don't now you can't say I expect a bunch from you. Yeah like nigga I ain't even get picked in the first round. How a second round pick. But if he go out there and perform well now people look dumb. Now he is steal the draft now. People love you now everything is up for him. It's kind of the best position to be in when you could come from the background and just sneak up on people when they ain't expecting nothing from you. Nah it's hard to carry them exp expect expectations. Yeah. People looking down on you. So like the door dark nigga, whatever old Mr. He got expectations now you got picked in the first round, you gotta deliver. Shado is kind of like Jalen Hertz. Yeah we don't know. You know what I mean? Ah, we can see what he can do. He, he's a talent but we don't really know And now he come out here and perform well and becomes the star quarterback.

(8m 39s):
Yeah. He got a story to tell. But do You Know how crazy it is to Think you gonna be like the number one pick and not get picked in the first round at all? That's crazy bro. Bro, I looked at the party yesterday, You know what I'm saying? Obviously You know they, they have it lit. Everybody supporting. But I was like man that's got a sting to have that type of a party and not get the expectation before a Top five pick bro. That's like Cooper flag going to the draft. I'm about be no one pick and don't get picked bro. That's crazy Bro. Nah, that's more like I'm just saying he was supposed to be like a top five pick. That's his mental. Yeah, that's crazy. His that's gonna be like, that's like Ace that's Saying But that's like Ace Bailey like, or like Jeremiah Fierce like Yeah like what the hell I'm lit I'm, I'm To be lotto and I don't get picked at all bro.

(9m 21s):
Mel Kyra had him as number three on his big boy bro. That's What I'm saying bro. It ain't like he was number 16 And s never wrong. He Was number three. Shout to my boy Mel man. Hey they was hating yesterday. It was like see that said his payroll didn't help with Mel Cooper still didn't get him. I was like y'all hate him man. But the amount of people that was happy that, You know what I'm saying? He didn't get the success he was looking for yesterday was crazy. That's why I hope he killed. Why y'all hate him? Yeah, I hope he killed too. I ain't gonna lie. I was happy. Not that he didn't get picked. I was happy for the moment for him because it's like now you get a chance to go back to the drawing boards like you was at Jackson State every time he played. Well it's 'cause he had a chip on his shoulder. They said I couldn't do it. Now he got that moment again. So now I know he gonna deliver facts like, You know what I mean?

(10m 0s):
Because he for sure had it at Colorado. Yeah. Oh. They said I couldn't play at Colorado on the big stage. I couldn't play against these real players. I had to perform and he did it. So now he gotta do it again because if he was in the first round he would've got picked top five, top 10. He'd been feeling good. He would've been stunting, they would've been, You know what I mean? It would've been crazy. The expectations would've been crazy. It would've been Johnny Menzel, all them Baker Mayfield. He would've had them crazy expectations but now he back to the drawing boards and he gonna play. Well I know he is so I'm, I'm hyping that regards like yeah so we will be watching my man shout out to Travis Hunter going too. Jack watched trade up and got him and they said from day one we are, he do whatever hell he want to. That's for sure. They got a new gm, one of the youngest.

(10m 41s):
He said, Hey first, hey do what you want bro. He gonna play offense in defense. Go crazy. Yeah, that's gonna be tough to do though. It is. It's gonna be tough. But I, I like the fact that he even got a chance to do it. 'cause we talk about yeah he don't do nothing but play football. All he do is talk about football and working on his crab bro. Yeah. And obviously he liked that for a reason. Give him a chance. Yeah, like I said, that's why I said on the pod. Yeah man, give him a chance. If it don't work I get it bro. But just let him try it out and see, just let him See and I'm not saying it ain't going work but the only thing is bro, You know how it is. Hey Mook, You know how it is. It's a different level bro. They pick on people like if I know you a little fatigue, I'm going at you, I'm gonna Go at you every single time. He, he got sting energy.

(11m 24s):
I get it. I I He ain't the first person to bet like this bro. Yeah and I get it but He at that level maybe though in a long time bro. Bro he gonna have to go against the best receiver and then get the best corner guarding too. That's tough bro. Bro. To keep going back and forth dealing with the best person. He, he gonna be the best Receiver bro. And you never get a break bro. Especially like if he play like they play him like he did at Colorado where he played the whole game. I mean obviously he not gonna do that in N nfl. They're just not even impossible. Yeah he but I'm just saying that if his expectations was to be like it is at Colorado bro he gonna be in a rude awakening bro. Bro that's tough. And also respectfully, he went to Jacksonville, he's gonna have his hands full. Man. What bro? They have the number two pick for a reason.

(12m 4s):
It's gonna be hell bro. He gonna go on the offensive side. They, they going, they going hunting. God I don't know. I just got Bro, Imagine him different feeling about him bro. Imagine him catching a breaking for a 60 yarder. He gonna sub out get some water. He come in, he play in the red zone, whatever it is. Boom they kicked it off. Now he back. He on defense guarding Jamar Chase Your hands is full bro. I Might get the third nigga bro. I gotta get Jamal. I'm just saying he the best one. He supposed to be the, he supposed to be the elite winner. You the guy. He's elite. But I'm saying he don't want you to guard the I might be if I just listen Y And if he like that he going to travel. I'm all about like knowing your personnel on and off the court.

(12m 44s):
If I just ran for 60 yard yards of score a touchdown, don't you dare put me on Jamar Chase. You know I'll put you on Jamar chase 'cause this is what you want do bro. And I didn't say that Corner Said Wanna play both sides Bro. You my best corner bro. You my best corner And you the best on both sides bro. So we Need you to both because we can't scheme me out one possession bro. I just, that's what I'm, I just hang y'all some points now y'all giving unrealistic scenario. You're not good. That's not gonna happen. That might Happen bro. No bro. He's not gonna run for a 60 yard touchdown and then get in guard. It's fourth quarter. It's fourth quarter, eight minutes on the clock. He run for 60 Yards. I watch a little football y'all that's that's crazy. It Fourth quarter he won for a 60 yard touchdown. They kick the field goal, they going back on defense is tie game.

(13m 27s):
He not going out there to guard jam more. Chase If I feel like It maybe not first down so We gonna Lose the game. Yeah if I felt yeah exactly like We gonna lose the game 'cause you just scored A six touchdown. See y'all risking it like damn my other nigga ain't just that bad bro. Well He could be. They were the number two. They terrible number football team only. Damn for a little Number two. Got you for A reason. Okay see y'all gonna make me really lock in this year. Yes you should bro. So lock in you don't go out there. Jamar chase break for a 40 yarder. Now we looking at you now we see if you fucking on offense, You just playing defense. You'd be out there and get the stop. That's what they gonna be saying If I didn't score wouldn't be in this position. You Know? Exactly. That's cool. But you get better but you coming in on second it down so whatever you coming in like pick A side of the ball.

(14m 10s):
I know. Listen, listen is all what I'm saying. Everybody gets cooked the best of the best get cooked. Yeah but you So so if my nigga get cooked or I get cooked, it don't matter bro. It was destined to happen bro. But It's going to matter because he plays both sides of the ball bro. You just tired. It's gonna make a big deal out of it bro. For sure. You just a little more tired. I'm locking in Travis bro. You See these niggas be having breathing masks when they come off the field bro. You're Tired. Listen bro, he played, I know the N NFL is different from college bro. He played the whole game and be ready for the club after bro. He go To the club picking his up the, He was putting on pajamas doing Bro don't start DJing I'm saying was literally he could go out bro. Like he'd be smooth after the game. The nigga said after one game he said I swear to God we could play a whole nother game and I can compete.

(14m 54s):
I've said that after game before that Too. Y'all niggas ain't playing both sides on the football field And basketball you play both sides basketball. Aw bro, that's a Different bro. That's why basketball athletes are way better conditioned. They play both sides the whole time. Nah, Condition for basketball is different than anything bro. He Could play both. You stop. He coulda go. He could went to go hoop for Colorado too bro. The nigga could ball too. He really can't hoop though. He could've went and hooped in the basketball game as Oh he's a elite athlete bro. That Is a different from all bro. Bro. Niggas be dead tired at the Football game. He's an elite, Elite athlete. That's what I'm saying. You know this is only gonna last for like two years. Yeah, by the time gonna do same contract year or two about year three you you're cooked well hopefully you Gonna start getting hit bro. Oh it's over bro.

(15m 35s):
Paul, that was crazy And let's move on from there. Some more. NBA Wars got veil yesterday. DPOY goes to Evan Mobley. How y'all feel about that? I'm rolling. Congratulations man. Shout to that Mo. I knew Jerry Jackson Jr. Wasn't getting it. They wasn't trying to make sure he paid that phone. Hey Yeah I can't wait to get to them Dyson Daniels. I feel like he should, You know what I'm saying? He'll make First team all he'd make First team His time will come. Yeah Bro. But getting that many steals bro. I'm DPY bro. His time. I think he gonna keep doing that though. His time. I think that record was too bad. Yeah, that's You know every award winning. Yep. Respect. Let Evan get this one man. Yeah. Hey respect to Evan Moy man. Shout out to him cus player of the year. Jalen Brunson.

(16m 15s):
Oh he showed all that last night? Yeah he showed why he deserved that award. Close win for the Knicks yesterday won 18 to what? 16 as Knicks Second two one Lead. Man Kat like you said be here. He wasn't gonna have two bad games in a row. 31 and eight. Brunson doing his thing. 39 and seven. OG had 22 Mikhail Bridges had 27 and three K had 24 and 11. And man K Cunningham is raw bro. He is. I like the way Brunson started this game though. Raw. He started in Had people eat. That's where they fucked up at. I told Detroit Pistons, if y'all listening to me ever, y'all probably don't so who gives a shit But you can't let everybody cook, let 'em eat. Look OG got 20, Mike Hill got 20.

(16m 55s):
Yeah four people and you gotta eliminate somebody bro. So if y'all just gonna let Bronson eat and Kat eat, cool but you gotta cut OG Mikel, you gotta cut them out the game. Yeah, You don't have enough to do that though. You don't have nobody to do that bro. Once they get going it's over. He the top tier NBA players bro. Nah they are but Brunson played it right bro. He, he let everybody get off at the end of the game. He said all right This and Josh Hart is just as effective. He had nine assist and 11 rebounds like y'all cooked bro. They play like this. They they, The thing New York did, they got out on transition. They did? Yep, yep. Jalen Brunson was pushing that pace, especially in the fourth quarter.

(17m 34s):
Some of them buckets. He was just going full head of steam driving down the middle of the court making layups and it is tough but you gotta put a bigger defender on him man. He be bumping posting little like running through Dennis and all them. They make it. They they try they best. Yeah but K Cunningham gonna have to take that responsibility man. He's 6 7, 6 8. That's the next step he got to. Okay. He's Gonna be asking a Lot bro. They don't have no defender. That's I Asking him to be Travis Hunter. Yeah, Yeah but shit, who else is they defenders the Thompson twin. His, his offense is just, that's crazy. His offense hurt him so much because he can't shoot the ball that he can't be out there to guard very limited minutes last night.

(18m 19s):
Yeah and unfortunately Tobias Harris had the Tobias Harris game yesterday. Yeah he had foul trouble though. Yeah but like you said you, you gotta let him cook and just kind of minimize everybody else because they played the Nick's basketball yesterday for Sure. Let him get 50 bro. Yeah I'll be Fine if he play like this nine assist bro. Y'all did bro. So yeah you just gotta let him and Kat play that two man pick and row. That's why you put somebody bigger on him so y'all could switch it. Like if he cook Jalen Duran the whole game cool. But if you put a bigger dude on him and he switch to pick and roll him and Kat, Kat pop half the time facts and he get to going at Duran, he do his little mid, he shooting all these tools it just take away everybody else.

(19m 0s):
Yeah like OG and all them cutting and all that shit. Just take away that shit. Yeah, Yeah. Durant too small bro. Who for Who for Kat bro. No he not. Yes he Is bro. They had Tobias Harris on him like say after I seen Tobias Harris guard him. I ain't even mad at that bro. Kat about to get another 40 next game. 40 piece. Nah, Kat was hooping they Don't have Cat was, they don't have nobody. Like I said Kat just had a bad game bro 'cause he human it's over with bro. Nixon five. Nah they play it like this bro. Nixon five. See what the Knicks did that was smart. They counter, they put a counter punch out there, they start playing two Bigs or yo four man had to guard Ka and we like we can post him.

(19m 41s):
See at first they wasn't playing too Bigs and Duran could guard Ka and he a bigger by little little 22-year-old strong as hell. He is Stewart. Stewart hurt though not being out there. Yeah. Yeah that they missed out a lot. And realistically all we're saying is how good the Knicks play and this was still two point game. Yeah I don't even think the Pistons had too much of a good game man. Tim Hardaway Jr definitely stepped up Esterday with 24. Nah nah shorter to his thing than His play 18. But I'm saying from a contributions Do you don't expect Tobi his Harris to have five? You definitely don't expect Malik Beasley to shoot as bad as he's shooting right now. I don't think Kade had the best game. He had 24 points or 25 shots. Yeah it was a real tough for him yesterday. Kade didn't have a good game. That is Alarming bro. They only won by two and Yeah Didn't play with game bro.

(20m 22s):
Nick the Knicks controlled the whole game. I mean you at home you gonna make a run but the Knicks had so much control of the game it never felt like they were Detroit was gonna win. It Didn't but if they made a couple shots, boy Yeah you, you're a couple of those shots falling obviously in Knicks game. Lee Besley in his shit. Nah and has it in the playoffs. It's time for him to show up. We see those role players need to show up at home. Only one who showed up at home yesterday was Yeah THJ and Dennis Schroder. Yeah I well I ain't counting him like that. He being contributing regardless. Yeah I'm, I'm showing him love 'cause he killed game one too. But yeah, I don't know man. We shall see how you feel about this beat here. Yeah, Nixon five. I don't Okay, Nixon five. Yeah they had a good season. Detroit. Yep, they play great. Okay so y don't think they can, they can come back home.

(21m 3s):
Go back to the garden too too. Nope. Can't take care of game for a hole. It's gonna be tough bro. I'm gonna go with the Knicks bro. I think Jaylen Brunson just way too comfortable. He like too comfortable bro. He yeah bro, he comfortable and Kat got comfortable last night. I don't know bro. Yeah, very comfortable. Like you said that's a valid point. I would love to see K step up and take that child. At least in the fourth quarter he step up, he is like all right I got Brunson like I know he gonna close the game. I'm gonna make sure he don't, You know they gonna switch. They gonna switch every pick and row. Yeah. So if you got Tobias Harris or whatever guarding Kat you can switch with him and Jaylen Brunson type Tobi Harris good enough. I mean can't nobody guard him? Nah but to make him shoot over a bigger defender at least bro.

(21m 43s):
Yeah. Like and the strength aspect of it, he ain't going push you. He gonna bump everybody else. Yeah K Probably like I gotta get 30 then y'all want me to come guard him bro? Nah, Saying you could switch on the cat. I'm just saying him starting on him 'cause he can switch on the cat. Yeah and it ain't gonna be that. I mean Tobias and K cutting him the same size because is gonna can guard Cat. Yeah, shit. Okay. CU him can do the same shit. Sure. I can't keep having these little dudes on Brunson bro. He walked to the basket one time at the end of the game. Yeah. Yeah. Jalen Brunson is definitely like that for sure man. Get well soon to the PIs we sure see game four if they can tie it up.

(22m 20s):
Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers be five bucks and get $150 at bonus bets instantly. Take us to the wrack for DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.

(23m 28s):
Ugh. Spam calls Sound familiar. Introducing line two, get a second phone number right on your existing phone. Imagine discounts appointments, online forms. Handle it all without giving out your personal number. It's like having a secret weapon against spam. And when those unwanted calls sneak through, boom. Blocked. No more interruptions, no more stress. Stay connected. Stay protected. Keep your main number safe and out of harm's way. Ready to take back your phone. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store today.

(24m 4s):
The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So As draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(24m 36s):
I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I Just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step, not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this magical Warriors ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.

(25m 40s):
Are we ready to fight? I'm ready to fight. You ready to fight? Is that, is that what I thought it was? Oh this is fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer back. Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now more than ever we need to use our voices to fight back and that's what we are doing on fighting words. We're not gonna let anyone silence us. That's The reason why they're banning books like yours George. That's the reason why they're trying to stop the teaching of black history, of queer history. Any history that challenges the whitewash norm Or put us in a box. Black people have never ever depended on the so-called mainstream to support us. That's why we are great. We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.

(26m 40s):
Alright man. The thunder rally back from down 29 to beat the Grizzlies one 14 to 1 0 8. I do understand that job Mars injury is a big part of this. Unfortunately we gotta play the clip. Let's just start there. Is this crazy or not? What is the door doing bro? Damn. Mm That's crazy bro. He slipped though. He slipped? Yeah. Yeah he slipped Head but that nigga, damn I ain't gonna lie. I you can tell that that was an accident. It's still a flavor though. Yeah, it was still gotta be a flavor bro. I need you knocked my player out the game bro. Nah bro. No bro. That had be calling it for other terrible shit.

(27m 21s):
It must end of my career bro. I need that. Nah, come on now y'all. He do It on purpose bro. But it's stilling bro. Nigga try to make a mo a defensive move and and feel so don't call it flagrant. That's bullshit Bro. Same thing when they let people laugh bro. Bro Nigga, he don't even know what this nigga's doing bro. It's Not that it, it is not about intent though. If he, if he stood up and just did like this then maybe It's about intent bro. He didn't mean to Do that but, but he still did it bro. Nigga, if you gonna call a flagrant, that is intent. But you Still hit me out the ear bro. Clips. No I, I'm nothing bro. Nigga James Harden shoes slipped nigga, you Feel right on this hip. You would've been pissed bro. Yeah I would've 'cause like damn, get your goofy ass on some goofy ass away from me bro. Clumsy ass nigga. But I know you didn't do it on purpose.

(28m 2s):
I'm gonna join on you regardless. Wipe your fucking Adidas off Ass sad Ass nigga. Now a lot of people said that this is Skype people Junior's spot 'cause he should took the le, he probably scared gonna get a block. Why I gotta get blamed for this. I said that's crazy bro. He made a great play. Best Player. Why you playing for this bro? Come On man. He should have laid it up though. I, I'm gonna keep it a bean like Lou do Wasn't blocking that either. He wasn't, he was stopping. He Set Lou do up to get dunked on. Yeah he first my mama. He did? Yeah he he tried to set the pick Zach eie as Lou do got him clipped man he fell right on. He fell right on that hit. Yeah he gonna be out for the rest of the season. Well I mean shit This season it should have been over after the last night anyway.

(28m 43s):
They don't even need to play game for it. Get that hit right bro. Yeah Ja get well that's just show you how much Z mean to this franchise to be up fucking 20 something points. Yeah. Yeah. And still lose the game Jackson Jr. What is so crazy that Desmond Bain averaged more rebounds to him this year? Yeah it is nasty. Look at the steps for this game though. SGA had 31 again. He probably shot 38 shots bad shooting night for him. Still had 31 to eight. JW Hooped out with 26 and six. Che had 24 and eight one point in the first half when crazy the second half for 23. He showed up. Scottie Pippen Jr. Balled out yesterday with 28, 5 and five. He had 20 in the first half. Triple J had 22 and seven and I had 15 to five unfortunately before he had to exit the game he was taking care of business as well.

(29m 26s):
But man 10 for 26 yesterday for SGA he has not looked like the SGA we have seen in a regular season even though they have all had easy victories. Is this alarming or we just need to wait till the next round to see if there's something? Nah, it's alarming. Okay. I, I pretty much know that it is is over for them. Who they play in the second round gonna be the Clippers maybe right? Yeah it's probably gonna be the Clippers. Yeah it might get ugly. What you thinking? Because the Clippers man, I ain't gonna lie. Chris Dunn he guard bro and he don't give a fuck. Like I like Chris Dunn man shout to Provenance. He, he going, he going put a, he he gonna make it tough on SGA man.

(30m 6s):
He fight over every screen. He's strong enough and then Big Zoo and them gonna sit in that paint. Yeah. I'm scared, I'm scared of the Clippers but S-G-S-G-A gonna kill him. Yeah. Nah and whoever then Kawa can switch off on him. They got, they got, he can't Shoot 10 for 27 against them. He can't do that. He gonna have to clean that up. Yeah. Nah, I'm really just scared to zoo 'cause the Clippers, the Clippers can't beat them. I wanna see James advance anyway but nah, don't Don can't bite guard guard Him on the court. Yeah nobody can guard him but I'm just saying he can't keep shooting like this bro. Nah, they going, they gonna put a scheme on him. Nobody shot this question.

(30m 46s):
We know that y'all got hurt is acceptable that they blew a 30 point lead. No bro. That's ridiculous. Nah, I can't say that I've been there before. That's Ridiculous dude bro. Like god Damn I've been there before. The best teams can walk you down 30. We gotta get this done bro. At the crib bro. We gotta get, We gotta, I've been there before. Fuck A nigga get to talking low. I mean it was wrong like He had a funeral. That's trauma. I'm respect. Yeah I'm pretty much gonna tell y y'all pretty much done. This is the same, this was the same recipe. I mean you didn't get blown out. We ain't never got blown out. I think the la nah we didn't get blown out the last game. PG missed that shot but we had close games the whole time but we was blowing them out.

(31m 28s):
Yeah It's over with Grizzlies Good Year. It was definitely over With. Oh yeah it it was Thunder and three game four Don't play game four SGA just let the chill, let the youngest just chill bro. Set this one out like Ja bro. But shout out to shit though. Shit. Turn it up second half. You been speaking high my boy. Yeah I can't wait to get, You know what I mean, get his mind back Right so we can chop it up for real. Most definitely. Hey You know what, shout to Alex Caruso crucial stops yesterday to end that game. Everybody's talking about Josh Giddy been hooping out. They should have kept him. No if you see what he did at the end of that game yesterday, that's why you go get Alex Cruso. Yeah. Yeah but Ja good as hell bro. You see the difference bro.

(32m 9s):
When he's on the floor and when he's not bro You said that it's a 30 point difference bro. That's why I be saying like to me that'd be like some MVP shit bro. Like for real that Difference. He got some nice counter. Oh damn. In 15 minutes he had 15 points in six to six or five, six. Excuse me. Yeah he cold. That's we never question his talent. He franchise super Don't speak on me no more. His talent. Yeah I'm gonna throw another grenade because look what, look what happens when I ain't in the game. Don't Speak on me baby. There's a question. His talent, I can't believe pe people were saying it was Jaron team never. Oh those people out of pocket shout to Triple J. You know what I'm saying? No I fool with Triple J bro. That outta fucking Pocket. I don't be knowing how to word that the right way until it seem like I'm not hating.

(32m 52s):
But I mean is Nigga No it's not John. John Mar is Memphis bro. That's the franchise. He he should die in Memphis bro. He should never leave Memphis bro. Yeah, I'm rolling. Alright man. Moving on. Clippers beat the sleeves off the nuggets yesterday. One 17 to 83. Man Mook you said this Nier can't score, They can't score bro. And then Joker is tired as hell 'cause he had to carry the team all year. So he's getting two, three defenders at him and nobody can't hit a shot for him bro. They are terrible bro. Outside of him. Jamar Murray lost his step bro. Shit calling shit then niggas hitting jokers with random elbows. He On the bitch cussing him out.

(33m 34s):
Can y'all do something? He was tweaking Tweak. I was cracking up to get playoffs. It was like, You know what I'm saying? Michael Porter is like, You know what I'm saying? What you gotta do to get going for the playoffs? He said hey if something gotta get you motivated bro, you don't need a hoop right now. Yeah he's sick of these niggas right now. Sick of them bro. Yeah you look at it across the board. But let's talk about the Clippers. First and foremost I had 2111 James hard of 29 and six. Np, he had 20 Joker show had a triple double with 2313 to 13 and Jamal Murray had 23. But man Bro, Kawhi and them was chilling last night. For real bro. They Was on cruise Control. They was like hey they are sad bro. We gonna chill tonight. Norm Powell killed, Nick Platoon had two yesterday. No disrespect Nick Platoon but he was comfortably killing yesterday. They was doing whatever they wanted bro.

(34m 14s):
That looked like a circus out there. That was crazy Man. Only impression that did score I wanted to score yesterday is my boy Ben. Man. Ben ain't got two shots since. Man. Give my boy more touches Man. We gonna leave that alone. Leave Ben. Where he at bro? Ben got from Jersey number every game. Ben gonna be a great assistant coach. The I told you Mo next year nigga Move my nigga to the coaching staff. Next year we back Mo, we're back next year. One nigga is on the coaching staff Now he's not. That's what your brother see. Disregard. He probably, he on the future bro. We gotta plan Playing, Getting him ready bro. No he probably got good defensive schemes and all type of shit.

(34m 54s):
He was an elite defender at one point. That's A fact. Nah, I'm one of one bro. But he would be on the team next year. He he's not coaching you. He a scrappy defense of minutes and that's it bro. He subbed that Ben Simmons will be starting for the LA Clippers next year. Y'all All I'm telling y'all, y'all heard it here first man. You heard it from him not go five 20, not five 20 In The Morning. Obviously the neck is probably regret firing back Malone. I mean they probably don't care right now because they gotta figure some stuff out in the off season. But what do they need to do? Just had a bad game man. Nah This shit is Over. Nah, they just had a bad game. Okay Mo you said it's quiet? Yeah. Y'all have to stop with this every time something go wrong. Nah, Y blew up every, not every tv. Not Bro. It's how bad they look bro.

(35m 35s):
They just had a Bad game. They can't hit no shots. But I seen, I seen this a couple games go in the regular season bro. I was like they look really bad bro. They're a good team move. No they have a good player, a really good player. Hmm. I mean but yeah Zoo do a good job on Yogi. He's but they sending help a lot. Of course they are. And they not hitting the shots for him bro. Because I told you Christian bro and he The problem 'cause he can't shoot bro. He's good but he cannot shoot and Russ couldn't shoot. He was air Balling Michael Porter shooting 22%. Yeah but Christian Brown three bro. Yeah Aren Gordon. 16 shots to 15 points. That's the box Het shoot pull up mids. I'm like what are you doing bro? I like Aren Gordon Aren. I got Aren going. What happened? Yeah, his face hurt.

(36m 15s):
What happened? Yeah, somebody, he must ran into people. Oh Jay Leno somebody motherfucker Tommy Hearns punched that nigga. Can y'all go through his face? You got everybody right now? Yeah, my boy was sitting there looking like hitch boy man I'm like did they have That nigga ate a bad Jolly Rancher or something because I'm like damn brother they get like this might beat the sleep over here in Gordon. I like damn. Yeah. Yeah like did they have a rough practice like what the fuck happened? Joker said hey I told you I quit missing shots. Hey for real. That nigga looked like a joker on the Batman. The first Batman with Jack Nicholson On me. The fact that you still come from doing interviews like this bro. It's 12 other days. Somebody else bro.

(36m 55s):
Michael Porter get you get your ass here on the bars Straight up. And I wonder if somebody asked hey bro what's going on? Like they had to have a rough practice bro. That wasn't break, that was off the court. Yeah, let me keep my Give what soon man I don't need to be on TikTok no more. Hey alright Big clippers. Y'all smoke very highly of them. They handle the business right now for a shout out. If they happen to get out this series, you think they got a chance to get so kc? I do. Okay. I like the clip. I like the clippers too. I told my mans at wwe, I had the Clippers coming out the west. He thought I was smoking crack. Sure did. He did tell him that. He said man you had one too many of those tequilas and Sprite.

(37m 35s):
I said man you only gave me one. He said I must have hand you four because you're Drunk. They might come out the west. I'm like bro what? He like the Lakers. He caught the temper wood victory too. He gave one shout him out. He Did? Yeah, Because I like the Clippers better than the Lakers. Mm yeah I do too. More of a complete roster To me. Okay. Yeah I ain't really a Lakers fan. I I hate they jerseys. You don't like that jersey. You are very consistent that well. Yeah bro. Alright man. Moving on some games tonight. Celtics at magic. Even when they used to make throwbacks. I never got Legger throwback. Them legger throwbacks are fire. Yeah the old with the shadow numbers is kind of fire. Yeah, tough.

(38m 15s):
You can't get fresh with the yellow bro. You get a white one with the hint of yellow. Any yellow A nigga wearing a yellow T-shirt is crazy. So yellow just probably not the vibe for real. Yellow Anything. Yellow bro. Yellow throwback Is but that blue is that Purple Wills elite. That purple Will is fired. That blue is it is not. Not on Shaq but that Shaq make that Shit look. Yeah shit Middy bro Bad. The white one ain't bad. That blue and yellow one niggas used to rock that. Yeah that Kobe and that sky blue one. Yeah bro. M Fired and MLPS Kobe joined is crazy too. Yeah, Yeah Jeff ha I'm cool bro. Like that one right there go to that Shaq 34 right there.

(38m 56s):
I Thought the the swing man. Well that Kobe swing man is disgusting. Big Shaq Back to all you niggas at Barber but no that 34, That yellow one right there. Ugh. Atrocious. Yeah the 34. That's not bro that that jersey ass. The big shoulder jerseys though. The big, big Whoever made them is out of pocket bro. Go to 'em. Go Back up. Mike go back to that Kobe one right there, right There. Brian in the back? Yes bro. Big damn that Niggas was wearing them at my school with jeans bro. I said I know we ain't got that much money in this area but your mama is too poor to put you. You should have just wore a Kobe tea On the front is nasty.

(39m 37s):
There's no definition from the neck. Motherfucker was trash trash Ass Bro. Hey man anything coulda had them jerseys bro. Y'all Yeah for sure bro. You listening. Everybody who went to Marshalls jersey? That was me bro. I was damn that was an era I swear to. I would never wear that. The Nike swing men's was fired though for sure. Fuck with Them. Yeah they actually had like shoulder straps other bro that is a V-Neck Cincinnati barricade. King Mark. That motherfucking move. You said that's a Moo? That is disgusting. Put my bitch in the, he talking about that's the King Martin edition.

(40m 19s):
Oh be y'all are crazy Celsius and Magic. Y'all watching this game tonight or is it? I Am Celsius bro. Okay. I'm not watching it Notall watching that. I'm sick of the magic, sick of magic, sick of that shit. Yeah. Okay. We gonna sell six light work today. Nah, I'm gonna watch 'em man. They at Orlando PB spot. Yeah. That's gonna be a good game. I just never been a fan of the Magics like, like they home court. No Orlando Magic. I like it is too D in here man. Get me some shit. It's too nice. Did you Have some good games in there? Yeah. Well that ain't a tough place to play. Mm but they've have some like crowd is like Disney like it's very relaxed old people. Damn. For Real. It ain't hype like that.

(40m 59s):
It's just super relaxed. They have some of the best jerseys of all time. Oh yeah. No they jerseys is fire. They lineage of jerseys is crazy. Yeah. Orlando, that's a D now I want all they throwbacks. Yeah. Penny T-Mac. Yeah the T-Mac with the blue stars is oh this is fire. Oh yeah the the pin stripes. Yeah. All this elite Elite. That one white penny jersey That's elite white with the pin stripes. That is tough Lord. You gotta have a fresh is white T under that motherfucker. You can't. My mama, that motherfucker gotta be fresh out the package Now. I know I had a jersey talk but if y'all, if I see y'all with that on, I ain't mad at you. Oh that's tough bro. The black one hard too. Yeah. Oh the black one is elite. I like that tac with the stars though. That silky one.

(41m 39s):
Y'all brought a blue team Mac with the stars one the coldest jerseys ever bro. Damn. Who was 23 on the Magic? No that's the newer one that Tapped Out. Tapped. That was Markel. Oh yeah the Tmac Orlando Jerseys R Fire too. Yeah they Lineage is League. Yeah I ain't mad at them. Yeah at all. Damn they gotta pat you ain't throw you Keep it. Damn. That's the kind of shit they used to be looking for. When that that Six low key hard on that motherfucker Though. No but when niggas used to try to get jerseys that's the kind of shit you wanted a throwback? Yeah. Pat you like where the hell you got that from? Yeah he used to try to look for the craziest. Nah for Sure. And my and Adidas y'all three stripes best to film me. I don't want Adidas on my NBA jersey. That that, that Adidas right there to pat you in Jersey made it nasty.

(42m 22s):
But that right there Mike. Mike said that's mid. That's Horrible. That is tough. Micah wear that gold one. Y'all disrespectful man. That is. That's Mike. That's Mike. Yeah Mike definitely wear that gold one with some gold Nike socks. Wear Nike socks. Alright you said tripping in Nike socks move on. Patience and Bucks. Bucks. Hey don't do that. I'm gonna go with the bucks this time. Go with the bucks Smoke. Who you got tonight? Probably the Bucks. Yeah I like the bucks. I don't like that we're on ES ESP. NUI. Fuck this. A little bit of disrespect.

(43m 2s):
I'm keep a BI Really's PU we on ESP UI do understand Bam that the NFL draft is going on. Everybody Don't even got that shadow though. I caught this very disrespectful. I thought they was on Deportes at this point. They might as well if deport Me and you is crazy. Very disrespectful. They hood, they put a high school game. Look At Eric Go played against Jordan On esp. At least he was on ESPN too bro. He put JV volleyball ESPN U bro we in the playoffs. This shit disrespectful as hell bro. Hey why are they doing this? That crazy bro. Put niggas on NB. What's going on bro? I watched the clippers of niggas on N NBA TV last night. It had to deal with a 30 point blow out comeback yesterday.

(43m 43s):
Grizzlies bro. Stop it bro. It's out of fucking pocket. Very disrespectful. I put that boy on ESPN University. That's crazy. That's nasty. No kill Tyrese. They got you messed up bro. Go kill tonight Man. I'm expecting Dam to hoop tonight though. Yeah, I think dam's gonna hoop out. I know what y'all this is gonna do. I don't think I got that channel so I'm gonna try. I'm gonna try to figure out how to watch it. You gonna have to watch it on playback. Dang man. And it's been crazy they be having blackouts 'cause a lot of people couldn't watch game two for the Pacers because NBA TV stuff. So that's Yeah, I couldn't watch that shit. Yeah man, they gotta figure that out man. I know the rights and stuff's gonna change after next year with Amazon and stuff, but they gotta figure that out man. Smart market teams don't get to watch their teams in the playoffs is crazy bro.

(44m 23s):
But I think it's gonna be a great game tonight. Obviously I'm going Pacers, but I could see Dame and Giannis combining for like 80 tonight. Something crazy. Yeah, I hope the, I hope the bucks win and keep the series going man. Take it back to Indiana too. Yeah, I hope not. Patience is for it. It starts now in game three. Oh here we go. The Pfizer center is gonna be, I think that's what it's called. It is gonna be rocking. I remember when I was there carrying y'all boys had that thing rocking. Man Jeff ran that with the flag. Fear of the deer. I saw what happened to baby mama Pacers and fo damn Lakers of T Wolves. Baby mama got dirt. I say T Baby mama got baby's mama.

(45m 5s):
Oh I thought baby mama like You know DJ be talking fast. I said baby mama B baby, like your feds are out. I don't like that. Ja didn't even gimme the benefit of the doubt. That's why I'm more alarm how you said baby mama? Man B my apologies. Moving on Lakers and T Ws man. Who getting the win tonight? I got the Lakers bro. Okay. Yeah I got the Lakers. You want Laker too? Like T Wol. I like T Wolves. There we go. I'm going T Ws man. It's time for one of them. Classic ae moments man. I think they gonna have a let down like Denver. Damn. Damn. I don't know. I'm just trying to throw some shit out there.

(45m 47s):
I, I did it. Yes. So anytime I say I want somebody to lose, I really want to win. 'cause that worked for me yesterday. I said the clippers are gonna lose. They won. So I'm gonna try this again with the timber wolves likers in five. Well now document Reverse psychology right there. YI do That for myself. That nigga's toxic. I do that for myself. Call him a toxic fan. It's crazy. For real. You know it's been working lately just for shit giggles. Who gonna score the most in this game tonight? Hey, hey gonna get 40 tonight. That crib. Nah, Luca gonna have 60. Damn. That would be nice. That means Luca gonna have a bad game in my head. That be good?

(46m 27s):
Nah, but I think Luca probably gonna score the most points though. Okay. I'm gonna go 80 tonight but I think LeBron gonna have a LeBron game if, if the Lakers are to win, LeBron's gonna have to have a LeBron game in fact. Yeah. What is LeBron game at this stage? 25. How much respect people got for him to say he gotta have a LeBron game at 40? Bro, you are cold bro. Yeah. Yeah but I'm saying at this age. What's a LeBron game? The same as Always been 25 to seventh grade tonight. Nah, we done seen LeBron scored 26 in a row. Yeah. If he can gimme 25 and seven tonight you had a LeBron game, you dominated Okay. 25 and seven in a win. You did what you were supposed to do to get a dub especially you go crazy fourth quarter. Yeah, he can easily get 30 Bro. Okay. I ain't mad at that. I was trying, I was try shooting some be because you say, You know what I'm saying? He he 40, He's capable though.

(47m 9s):
So most Definitely his ains don't even matter no more. That's what I'm saying bro. Ain't nobody moving like that bro. For sure all man five buckets be here. Who's getting two yesterday? I Know instantly for Kat. Come on. 31 M. We going for 40. Next game Going crazy. T who you got my favorite player? Jalen Bronson 30 points nine assist. I mean nine. Yeah, nine assist, seven rebounds. He had a game man, but he been killing all year. Yeah, first team all NBA gonna be You know point guard position. So. Ooh you Think you getting first team? Yeah. Who ain't gonna get it over? SGA think gonna be the back court. Oh Donovan too? Yeah, yeah.

(47m 49s):
Oh, y'all giving Brunson the first team over Donovan? Yes I am. Mm, Interesting. Yes, that's easy. Okay. Dang Interesting move. Who you got? I'm gonna go with Yoic 23, 13 and 13. They got smacked but shit he doing all he can do man. He had a reluctant triple no Yesterday he was really stressed Man, he's stressed out bro. He giving him everything up Bro. For Sure. So Cason love, he had 24 11 in seven in the loss yesterday. Get well soon be here. Who need some encouragement this Friday morning Og? Oh yeah, Malik Beasley punched on him. He tried to catch somebody game too. He back on this bullshit. Hey point at Him.

(48m 30s):
That's why I like it. That's the reason I like, 'cause he pointed at that's not a tech bro. You cannot do that. Yes I can bro. Get out the way bro. I like, I like I What you Think you said it to Bro? I don't know but you cannot do it. I know, I know. He ain't say nothing about fighting. If he cut him a BAN I'd be cracked up. He ain't say nothing about fighting though. Oh wouldn't nothing disrespectful. Nah, he og a black belt. Yeah he motherfucker kicked him out. Boots out that nigga mouth. Yeah he ain't say he probably just said get up, get up nigga. The point is crazy though bro. Shout to league B And this nigga talking about you can't do that.

(49m 12s):
I was Gonna say I done seen duck fights Say some shit nigga he cross nigga I nigga Marcus is the reason we can't play at that weak ass PAC center no more. You too nigga. No it's him. No it's him. That's how you get niggas to snitch on each other. Did Fact Pac Center weak in a bitch. Mother fuck about that shit. Mo has been from a couple plays man Mo can't drive down 31 India man from 31 interstate. Okay there we go outside. Hey oh man, low keto.

(49m 53s):
Oh man my nigga needs security going down 31 R Alliance did at the PAC Center. Man. Man well lived who we got next. Can you believe they kicked us out? It talk dusty to us. Talk dusty. Yeah, shit weak anyway. Nigga Said take your ass back to Y'all gym don't come up here. No. Who? That is crazy though. Dang. But came to me like I nigga I didn't request to be over here These fuckers. Yeah and You know what BC we gotta get on your ass next time you come. It's time. I didn't like how they talked to me bro. And I told you I was gonna say something.

(50m 34s):
I said hey bro why you talk to me like that bro? I ain't even up here for that bro. Yeah, I be chilling bro. This what's his name, dad. Right? I don't know who daddy is. His dad wasn't The one that was tripping. Oh Okay, okay. Oh next flip. I still love my boy then. Alright. I don't, I fuck all that. I busted ass too. Shout to Kat. Okay Kat. I ain't never seen that rider. Get a nigga up off for you one time bro. Now you doing that. I like that. Stand tall. Look. Look at Denny. Tilt your head stand tall. Tilt your head Kat. Hey Paul. Reid was trying to get to him so bad. What is Mr. Robinson doing?

(51m 16s):
Look at Malik Beasley old. You walk over that nigga Mitchell Robinson look so old. Hey do like a nick player. He like what's that one nigga play for? The Knicks in 86. Who's The nigga that got all the rebounds for the Knicks? That's what he Played. Willis Reed, El Baylor? No, they play for the Lakers. Man. Trying got Willis Reed. Yeah That's What he, Mr. Mitchell Robinson. He did 25 years in the league, bro. Last one. All least Zach, Eddie get well soon man. We just start niggas off. S fuck it's Friday. Hey this is crazy. I've never seen this in a jump ball situation. A huge, watch this.

(51m 58s):
I rolling. I I'm Rolling. No bro, I'm rolling. It's 38 seconds in the game bro. That shit, you like what I do smack in the face. Y'all out pocket for having this little ass nigga. Jump ball With me bro. Why you going just slap the ball at your right hand? Because I wanted box rock boy smack shit out the put for no reason. Bo get to jump ball. They had a position they could have tied the game up boy you are seven, eight. He did it for Ja. Y'all told him to tweak for John But he slid at the end of the game. He tweaked for Ja. He supposed to crash the, oh God. Get that get get your lick back for Ja. Yeah he for, he was like, this is my time Ru up crush.

(52m 43s):
You rang Even the referee ducks like What the fuck? Look at the, Oh shit. He know what the fuck bro. This is a playoff game bro. And that guy so esp and you for this shit bro. Enough Bro. That's crazy Man. Y'all are crazy. Atlanta certain league get look at, look at Deep Bay. He couldn't get his arms. He could got the ball. Look at his arm. Deep Bank does never do a jump. Look, I my but motherfucker Bang shoulda to this jersey man and held it down. That nigga aren't too short. I text my nigga some tricks.

(53m 24s):
You got some defense. That's end the show bro. End the show bro. Teach you some tricks. He got efficiencies is crazy bro. We appreciate gotta work and against your handicap In The Morning, out The Volume. Ugh.

(53m 46s):
Spam calls sound familiar. Introducing Line two, get a second phone number right on your existing phone. Imagine discounts, appointments, online forms. Handle it all without giving out your personal number. It's like having a secret weapon against spam. And when those unwanted calls sneak through, boom. Blocked. No more interruptions, no more stress. Stay connected, stay protected. Keep your main number safe and out of harm's way. Ready to take back your phone. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store today.

(54m 21s):
The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the post-season And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So As draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(54m 53s):
I'm Camilla Ramon at Amli Ortiz and our podcast Ajo is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.