
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay, it's for clauses to Get filled with statement pieces and vintage vs. Or must have sneakers wait for you. And Designer hand badge are the real deal on eBay. Doors to Open to stacks of the rear trading cards in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do it yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Holiday Magic is in the air and DSW has got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you or DSW dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video. Breaking the tackle touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this. Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday on on Prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details


The Volume. Good morning, happy Monday's, five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date. Everything is sportswear related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning of all my two brothers to my left Bishop Hendrick. To my right, my brother t fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? Tan brother. Chilling. Cool and nasty. Let's get to it. Almost at time of the year, you know what I'm saying? We got the Christmas set up for the pod dropping today. The production team going crazy. We got up here for the morning show as well. See you got some, some more heat over there Young Nacho. What you got up there? Oh no, this is the first shoe I wore in college. Okay. First College shoe right there. I don't know why I kept 'em but my mom gave 'em to me the other day so I thought I'd just bring them in here.


Dang Mama T kept those and not the Bacons? Nah. Yeah she kept them We Which One? Which ones is it? What is that? I don't even know. Just some team. Yeah, Some, yeah some Wake Forest shoes. Hey you know it's crazy. I know they still kind of do it to an extent but like back in the days people really used to have to wear team shoes. Yeah they did. Matter of fact, I think I'm about to go back to that. Oh okay. You know Lord Jesus, TBI think everybody did. He trying shit up. Get back on the same page. Damn David Stern. One bed, one sound. Nah, for real though. Do y'all think that works though? You think that that unity situation like actually helps in the locker room or was it just a temporary thing just to catch a, you know, catch everybody's attention. We Had to 'cause we was poor at my school.


Okay. I think it, I don't know if it would help or not. I ain't gonna say it helped. I mean 'cause some people's shoes don't feel good to certain people. So that's the biggest thing. I just want you to be comfortable when you playing. But I think the color, you should just all wear the same color. Okay. Like when people be having green and pink shoes, I mean like that's wild. Yeah you gotta be cold to do shit like that. That's like a soccer. If you got the, the elite cleats on, you have to be elite bro. You can't be wearing the OD cleats and you riding upon Yeah I I think it's od but I mean I let people express themselves how they want. For sure. Shout to Coach Teague man. Hey man, joker still going crazy. Had this knife triple with double the season. Got the OT win off the PEs. 1 32 to 1 29 Joker 27, 13 to 10.


Jamal Murray been waking up man. 27, 8 and four Westbrook 21 5 0 5 CJ McCullum 24 9 and one of my favorite sophomores. Jordan Hawkins 25 piece man. Listen, is it already yo Kish MVP to lose or is somebody hitting a race a little bit higher right now? This hits to lose bro. Tears Is to lose. Shout to Jamal Murray though for coming back man. Joker needed you Nasty freaky ma. Yeah he starting to make a return when that dynamic duo get to going. That's when Denver Nuggets become a player in the west. Yeah I think if they get in they groove they still got enough capable pieces to make a run at it but I still think they need to make that trade. Yeah. To get another wing.


I agree. 'cause listen I mean yes it was a good win yesterday but you had to go to OT to be the five and 25 pelicans team Really? So you know what I'm saying? We know yo is killed but missing two stars missing everybody in that ball. Yeah. So I mean yo get is playing at a all time level. I mean he does this every year but they need more. Yeah they do For sure. A couple names we talked about last episode but Zach Levine, y'all feel a little bit more confident in that name pulling up. Nah so like going for that one. Nah that's not the one I I think they need, we know you, you Cam Johnson. Yeah I'm not even like, people always like why you always put me Kim Johnson? I'm like I don't even know him. I just recognize good basketball players that fit shit is like he just fit that team.


Like he, We have been saying we've said him Johnson every day on this bitch. He fit every team need though. Yeah. Yeah he plays basketball at the weight. You need to see it right now. TIUs Caldwell put Pope on steroids like KCP is good but KCP ain't ever the averaging getting 28 30 back to back nights and yeah. You know what I mean? He's a good player but he Cam Johnson is like he's a hell of a wing. Especially on the contract he's on. So that's the one thing I think people are missing like his, you get Cam Johnson you can go get another player as well to complete that. That roster. His contract got great value and for what? He's, for his production.


I don't, I ain't even, I don't know him but shit at this point Ken Johnson you need to fuck with me. Paul like nah tap in bro. Yeah New Jersey or something. But it's just the truth. It just fit to everybody we need right now. For sure. Listen man we talked about, you know what I'm saying, some help for that team. If you go across the board, look for the nugget situation where they need to do to contend in the west. They definitely need another wing. But also is there anything else you think that team needs to do? A lot of people are just like, hey you got a great, great player in his prime. Like don't waste this shit. I mean they got a championship so I don't think it's a waste but okay. I mean shit, everybody ain't gonna win. Only one team win a year. Shit. Yeah that's true Bro.


They still for like eh, I I don't know man. Yeah they right there in the hunt. They fifth in the west like I don't think it's a waste no other side of this game. We talking about the pelicans, they have a lot of players that could help another team. We talk about another possibly moving around. Who you think the first person off the pelican's gonna be gone is? You got cj, you got bi, you got Zion bi Think bi first one gone. Yeah, I'm gonna put in the call today because I don't know I missed the team call to the Christmas parties. You Missed the Pelican's Christmas party? No I missed the team call. Oh Okay. My bad, my Bad team FaceTime that we usually do. So I think bi last time we talked shout out to Jim over there.


Yeah I don't know him but that my, You the real Dell dips now. Yeah. Shout Out to my boy Jim Long Because for about LL Dips But nah bi probably on the move first though. Dr. Chris said did they ever let you and Zion link up on any of them calls? No, me and me and Zion we'll link up after, you know what I mean? They both about to meet up. Me, him and Malcolm go to Allure You Malcolm and Zion. It's a crazy league up man. That's about Riggs on Zion for sure. Yeah man they gotta win yesterday. Yokers doing yo kish things man. We ain't surprised at all. You know what I'm saying? Pacers took care of the Kings yesterday. We scored 70 in the second half yesterday. Built a ass situation. Shout to aka 19 to 19 Hall Burton 14 to eight D Fox had 2375.


Man listen with the recent struggles of the Kings man we were talking about it. Should we be really paying a lot of attention to him possibly moving on? I know we talked about a lot on the pod, some good conversation for sure but should we look into that a little bit more now since they're struggling right now? I don't know, I just like it that he ain't vocal about it. I think he just hooping. I fuck with that. Yeah he just hooping bro doing what he can. I mean he had 23 or seven yesterday and it ain't his fault. Why they ain't not good right now at all. I'm, I don't think I talked a lot about it on the pod. I just, I don't know I I just have to watch the pod to understand how I feel about people breakdown leaving Breakdown. Yeah people leaving cities and things like that but I mean they are, they're struggling right now.


I just think that team, they got a lot of the same players. We say that every week and you starting to see like they got a lot of shooting guards for sure. I wasn't talking about my pictures on, know what I'm saying? On the four game win streak. I know Tyrese had the craziest numbers yesterday but we beat the sleeves off them yesterday. Hey we looking promising again. We looking promising again. We back up Where at? Nah East we back up baby. Where they at in the east. Nigga said looking promising making eighth in the east. Why Comfortable baby. That's promising out there bro. That's that's promising. Listen we a three game win streak away from being up top Baby we good money now. We have a hell of a week coming up. We play a lot of contenders. We will see tonight's win. You know what I'm saying?


That will kind of help me see where we gonna gauge at. But we play some headers next two weeks. They play the Thunders. Yeah we play Thunder. We played these Celtics. Celtics. Yeah we got Woo. I mean the Pacers they always a a regular season. Yeah they always a in the pack team though like yeah every year since we were little kids they always just been in the hunt borderline 500. Yeah always in the hunt. Even when I played on the Pacers we were literally 541 or 41. Like you always in the hunt for sure. And I think the difference with this pacer team is watching the last couple of games, the energy's been different. They've been playing like they enjoy playing basketball with each other most of the season you've seen especially with injuries and other stuff, they have not looked like a team that liked playing basketball.


Especially not with each other. So we get a little bit of that chemistry back again. We got to beat up with some of these west coast teams. You know I told y'all Moneyline son, y'all laughed at me be he Jeff They told me I was crazy. I want somebody some money man. Hope y'all tapped in with your boy. You feel me? I ain't even been watching the places who been playing well though. Shit. Realistically you got see Yaka, he's Mr. Consistent Tyree Celebr Burton has been on Tyree Halliburton time especially these last six games he's been killing as well getting people back. More importantly Ben Shepherd came back, we got Nihar back, we're still looking for Knee Smith like we were injured early but our chemistry is trash But I think we'll be good the rest of the season. We got a hell of a stretch like we said these next two weeks. But man the kings they had high expectations just like we did And man I feel bad for them, I feel bad for them 'cause they spent a lot of money and they possibly be on the verge of losing their superstar.


We don't know if it's gonna happen or not. But listen, as somebody who has lost his superstar from his team before, it is not a good feeling when you in a small market 'cause people ain't running to Sacramento just like they ain't running to Indiana. But I think he got better year on his deal though. I don't think he even unrestricted free agent after this. I think he got one more year. I think they was just trying to get him an extension. Yeah but you, you know how that go. Yeah I mean they don't get locked in by a certain time period 'cause it is looking like this season's already looking like a scratch. If you ain't about to make a crazy move you gonna have to do what you gotta do. Huh? They okay rebuilding in Sacramento bro. That's all they know. We'll get another one. TJ McConnell be hooping bro. Hey TJ Nash be killing on me. They be getting, they getting them FGA too bro.


I don't and I don't get mad at it either 'cause honestly just like last year our second unit was the best part of our team. Our second unit kept us in games more than our first unit did shout out to and TJ N should be killing SSO got paid too. Yeah. Yeah. Shout to Cruso smooth bag for show. I don't know why I brung him up when I seen a white dude that's cury white point guards matter Was why I was trying to figure out Oh know he just popped it by head. Alright so who the best white point guard outside J will? Oh we gonna pistol Pete or J Will John Stockton the best white point guard. Okay I wouldn't expect you to go there but stats don't lie. Yeah All I'll take Jason kid. Jason kid is not a white man. He ain't mixed. Yes but he not white. Why is he black?


I'm gonna tell you what. What Did you see the play he drove for somebody to run into him to get time out. That is some nigga shit. That's a kid's a nigga. Yeah I'm gonna go with Jerry West. Well y'all got it John Stockton Shit Steve Nash I'm a pistol P type name Steve Nash. That's why I said pistol. I was surprised that y'all said pistol. I like pistol P but Steve Nash two time VP Sleep on Bob Coy. Oh yeah Bob Coy head was Guy Guy. Damn what was the nigga named Slater Martin. He's probably silly and in the top 10 I'm taking Slater. Nah you not gonna take the bite you got a picture up Bro. Seven.


That's bullshit. That nigga played in 49. Damn. Slater made the Allstar game seven times. Average nine Man he played at, he played during the Great Depression bro I'm not giving him no love bro. Don't these random people you Get me Slater Martin now that's crazy bro. Mark Price was nice too though. Nah for sure. Yeah Mark Price was nice as name. Your son Dick is crazy. It is bro. That's wild bro. Jay Will is probably the most exciting Dick McGuire to see. That's crazy. But I don't know. White point guards. I don't know man is this Just white players period because there's no reason why Danny Angel on that list. Oh Oscar sc crazy sis. Damn that's a, that's a wild List. Danny Angel's probably a top.


This is just random facts that I know. He talked How you know it's a nigga league Top three athletes of ever. Okay Danny Angels, if you go look at his research bro, he was crazy. He made, he was a all, he was all American in football, all American in baseball. Went pro in baseball and then went to the league and what what college you go to BYU? Yes sir. Shout to the NIL fund. He helped get AJ for sure. Sure. I didn't know Danny. A resume was like that. Yeah it's crazy. I remember one time I was sitting there talking to him when I was in Boston and I'm like not knowing, you know I mean I know he played a bunch of sports but I ain't know he was that good at every sport. They like what? He was like the best at every sport.


Like What position did he play in baseball? You know, I can't remember. Oh but they were just talking about he was damn near better in baseball than he was basketball. He said he liked playing basketball more but yeah he went to the, he went to the league. Blue Jays at is damn the Blue Jays. I ain't surprised by that. A lot of people we knew grew up was elite at baseball and basketball but you know they just chose some who and he was elite at football too. All America quarterback I think show some love Denny age man. Yeah that's crazy though. It's the reason why him and ly got along. That Nigga look like Napoleon right there. Taad King. Oh you played third base on the center field and second base. I got social respect then Ain did. But they worked There Napoleon for sure You are bra to do that though.


He said he had got, I remember he was telling me he got the signing bonus. He went in there, got it paid, then he went to the league. That's some D table chicken. Yeah Like you cold Bro. Yeah, Nah he at Lee for sure man. Show some love with Denny age man. Underwriter athlete for sure. Rockets pick up a win yesterday one 14 to one 10 off the raptors. Dylan Brooks went crazy with 27 Jay lag green 22 at seven. Jacob Walter the rookies 27 piece again man. 19 to nine and third in the west be here. You gonna believe No but Still ain't believing But Jacoby got a clip burner. My Lord 6 4 11 3 is putting them FGA up where he go to school at Jacoby. Walter let's pull that up. I forgot offhand. I don't wanna disrespect that man lineage.


I'm just saying like that's, I don't know what picky was or whatever they did. That's great scouting shit you could pick him up. That's good. Scouting 20 years old went to Baylor. Great scouting. That boy can shoot that motherfucker. I don't know too much about, I know he got a clip though. Speaking of Grace scouting it's crazy because like you said he was in that row and you understand that like when you go to those games and you see those players and like sometimes obviously everybody gonna be fresh round. But where teams really win is when you actually have the real good scouting team to see it in the second round pictures some of the undrafted people that even you can stash and sometimes you might be fresh round talent and they put you away 'cause they don't wanna pay their bread off top to build a roster. That's how the good teams really stay good bro.


That's Miami's the best at it. They identify talent better than anybody that fit what they do Them in Boston. Boston identifies talent but Boston's so top heavy that it's hard to see like damn they found a gym like Memphis does a great job. It's always found under the radar player and it comes out and plays well. Okay see as well. Yeah. OKC. Yes but Miami is the best. Like some of the guys like Hayward was his name, how you say Highsmith, whatever his name is. Ton. Yeah. Yeah like guys like him, Duncan, Robinson, all these dudes that were like not really highly touted or on high on NBA rosters, they get 'em there and also they become big name players, get big deals, go to other schools and I mean other teams and make all this money and don't ever play well again.


But Yeah I'll give you Miami. They took over that San Antonio line it for sure because it was San Antonio for longest San Antonio draft. Well was splitter, they drafted well and that's so crazy you talking about Dunking Robinson. My man was really on LinkedIn nigga you are six nine, go Who? Where was you about to sit on that desk bro? It's six nine lock in. Not that easy. It is Sean to to my boy at BW threes. They got a six 10 wing man. No dead ass on 86 of township LA six 10. I'm not bullshitting bro. I know y'all don't eat B dubs like me but my boy six 10. Damn. I don't wanna shout his name out 'cause I don't know what he going through but that's my guy. Shout To. Hey shout to the homie man. And he wash the pods. Oh, shout to you bro.


Hey first of all, you still being the beat ups? No that's a conversation for a different day. Respect to them. Tap in. We can, we can collab for show. Yeah but hey bro, if we fry the wings at 16 bro. Pull up on Saturday bro. I got spot for you bro. Oh Yeah. Damn near. I'll get you some touching bro. Getting post bro. We get the mix tape


back, getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns, they're on sale. A Draftking Sports book, an official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns. Grab some tds of Draftking sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use Code Club five 20 to Optin. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA member FDIC.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro, make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com Today


We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan. A complete unknown is now a Golden Globe and critics choice nominee for best picture. Bobby, What do you wanna be? Whatever it is, they Don't want me to be. Timothy Shaima Astonishes as Bob Dylan in one of the best performances of the year. Bumps dime And critics rave. Edward Norton is absolutely fantastic. 70,000 people are here and Bobby is the reason for it This Christmas He just want me sing and blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. How does it feel? Don't miss the movie. Critics are healing five stars. It's pure cinematic magic.


Turn It down, play loud direction And name to a FI and the National Board of Reviews. Top 10 films of the year. Make some noise bd. Track some mud on corporate. Complete unknown. A complete unknown. Only in theater's. Christmas Day Rudy Dar under 1790, middle without parrot.


Hey guys, this ISS Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about Faye this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and we will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner And still make more money betting on sports than you will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Good sleep should come naturally And with a new natural hybrid mattress it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com


Six ten's crazy. Yeah that But I mean that's true though. I mean you grow that size for like and then you don't make it shit. You gotta watch, you gotta work. You know what I mean? So yeah don't be 'cause you really for real, that's why I'd be feeling sorry for kids that don't make, 'cause all they know is hoop niggas gotta start learning some trades or something in between time. Like yeah if you 16 going to school, especially when we was going to school like we didn't have no trades or Yeah. Learning about anything else it was school and hoop or nothing. You know what I mean? A lot of times it wasn't even school shit, it just hoops, Hoop or nothing. That's a great question. 'cause like me being in my size for us but it is like I could go do something normal and it just, I might not get asked one question.


I can go work at a desk job or whatever it is. Yeah. And nobody ask me nothing but if you seven foot Yeah bro. And you like, they like what happened? Like you didn't make it. That's the first thing people say is what happened. They don't even ask what your name, what happened. Yeah. Did You? Why didn't you who one nigga? Yeah. You know what I mean? Did you make it in college? Like y'all played college but like they, it don't matter at the Even big tall girl so get ass that. Nah I be careful. Be careful. I'm just saying this is a big motherfucker that work at at t too. Ain't nobody rash her. She hoop some big hoe. Bitch. Somebody probably trying to build with Everybody. You play volleyball. Yeah they Gonna hear. Yeah but that's a weak question. Play volleyball. If you ask a big girl, you damn near flirting bro.


That probably ain't really bothering her. When you ask a big nigga that's, I don't care what a regular drive like bro. Why ain't you who? Well that's better than that. You kind of offended him. Yeah You are offended. He definitely gotta say I ain't like basketball. Yeah. Low Key but my dad's just tall. I got hurt. Yeah, you gotta say something like that. But if you ask a nigga, hey you tall, you just play volleyball, he might swing on you because everybody not chase Budger bro. Maybe being disrespectful. Is that a professional sport for me? Yeah. Hell yeah. Olympics they they good. Oh okay. I thought yeah They you could Play every Day. I don't know about the holly, the volleyball league. Excuse me, but I know they got organized stuff. They get paid for it. Yeah. Damn. I'd be mad if I was that tall. Like if I'm that you have to go be a basketball coach. You Yeah.


Yeah. Like you, if you hoop you seven foot, you gotta go Be a coach because you can't even be a gym teacher. You can't, you gotta, you gotta go straight to whoever the closest league near you. You Have to. Yeah. Nah, straight up From Yeah Disgus that a little bit. Yeah I, yeah I used to play, I still coach over at Yeah I got hurt. Yeah. Yeah. That's always cool. I mean y'all gonna lock up. I playing some Mexico league, you know what I'm saying? Get you a little fake jersey. I swear to God I move. I would not have a regular job. I mean Slim Thug, I'll be on the, you can't even be about you too tall. Nah, Niggas gonna shoot you A mile Away.


Niggas make a wave. I be w flocking this motherfucker, nigga. Ain't no way. I'm gonna get a regular job Man. Alright. To the Rockets man. How y'all feel about this young team? You think they can make some noise in the Playoffs or you think they just too young? Them y niggas. Okay. Yeah I think they, I think they got the ability to make some noise. I don't know what, what's noise to them though? Like winning a first round series. Is that noise or going to the championship? So if they happy with winning a first round playoff game, I think they could do that. I mean first round I think they could do that. Hmm. Interesting. Making it to the conference finals would be like that's a hell of a roller overachieving. Hell yeah Overachieving but make it to the second round. I think that'll be good for them for that start Rocket stand For sure.


Like you said them getting to the Playoffs is already Elite having some home games, they win a a playoff season's a hell of a season for them for sure. Yeah. Yeah we get to the conference finals. You maxed out. You did not expect to be there. Yeah and I think that's too high of expectations like 'cause for that the following year they make it to the conference finals this year. That following year is gonna be a disaster. Yeah they going season tickets are gonna be lit but boy be lit. It may gonna be having some headaches down there in Ice Town For sure. Yeah They just proud to be winning bro. Get the city back lit again. Man Ain't been lit in a while. Yeah, since James Harden left. Yep. James's been a while. That's smoother. They winning. That's cool For sure man lot. A lot of games today. We wanna see how y'all feel Celtics app Magic before we even get to the prediction for this. I don't know what's going on down there in Orlando.


Get well soon to everybody bro. Yeah everybody who produces on this team gets hurt man. It is crazy. The magic had a hell of a season playing. I don't know how it's gonna end for them but damn everybody keep getting hurt down there man. Damn. Yeah Mo Wagner got hurt ACL man. Sorry to hear that but I do want to give a shout out to Cole Anthony hooping dog. He got his opportunity, he was going through a lot, not playing up and down. Used to be a starter and sixth man then he went to not playing at all to get an opportunity to hoop and he took the moment, went crazy in the fourth quarter the other day. Nuts. And it's just a testament to like the work that he been putting in. 'cause even when he came here he hit us up to use the gym to get some extra shots up on an off day for them.


And it is like damn like he care, you know he already got paid some money but the fact that he still put in work trying to get better so he can be ready for the number called it's opportunity And to see him make the most of it was pretty cool for sure man. 30 piece, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Getting back into the rotation. Shout to call Anthony. We all was mad at call Anthony for Dunking and them Tims in dunk contest but other than that bro called Anthony been a least since he was a kid bro. Yeah he was wild for that. Yeah that's crazy. I don't know what's worse that or the Jericho sim. I still going to Jericho Simmons bro. Him holding that piece of shit sign up after that weak ass dunk still pisses me off to this day bro. Yeah I don't even remember his dunks. Oh bro he held up that that 50 piece after he did the most basic dunk in the world and everybody was just like fuck Jericho Sims after that bro. He got so much bounce though.


Nah crazy J Jericho Sim. I know who that is though. Yeah from New York. Crazy Bounce. He got crazy. Alright. Celtics Magic. Where y'all going? Yeah man you know The vibes get well. Song Magic Rockets a Hornets. Ooh that motherfucker Mellow and Green Match up tonight. That's gonna be, I got my, I got my boy Mellow going crazy though. Rockets might get 'em. Okay Rocket. I got the Rockets I'm gonna go as well. Jazz at Cavs Cs. Yeah. Yeah Cavs Bro. Dona get your shit off bro. Ain't none of us talk about that game at all. Spurs at 76 ERs. That's crazy. At the beginning of the season we would've said 76 ERs immediately. But now it is definitely a conversation.


I'm gonna go with the Spurs. I am too. It's and b playing. Who knows? Shit Mb If MB play I'm gonna go with the six. I'm rocking with my boy Maxie man. I'm gonna say the six ERs On the lowest of keys too. It ain't been televised a lot. Wi been going crazy. Yeah he with Wendy been going crazy but As he should though. Well if he playing, if MB playing I'm going with the six ERs. Okay for sure. Raptors at Nicks taking the Nicks All Day. I'm taking the Raptors revenge game. Go crazy RJ go go crazy. Yeah he he gonna, she gonna put that motherfucker up tonight. Yeah go get 40. Go ahead brother. Yeah But y'all gonna lose, y'all might lose by 40. Fair enough. You ain't got a no trust in the real GD Bro.


I, you know I support, you know what I mean for sure. But Kat who, who the fuck over there is guarding him tonight? Nobody is gonna get wicked for Sure. She green down there. Yeah put a ball on them for sure. Nets at heat. The heat I got the heat, got the heat. Okay. T Wolves at Hawks T Wolves I got the Hawks. Yeah. Anthony Edwards back in the city that me Magic went up was Sunday he went to Allure? Nah, we went to the family house. Nah We didn't go out. Yeah the family gather. Which one? Yeah we went to the family. Which One? Okay he's being messy. We went to my sister's house. Oh I was talking about his family member dude. Don't say which one.


I know what you're talking about fella. That was, that was pretty tacky. Call a nigga tacky. I'm about, I ain't say, I ain't say nothing. I used say family. I ain't say nothing about the kids. I said you Just said which, which household House. I know if he went to his daddy spot his mama's spot or his spot send a video. He just went to his went to sister house bro we, we locked in bro. We got, we got a, now if we was off to a good store, like I thought we was, we would've touched every strip club last night We locking in, they went to Allure, magic Magic on Sunday and said he taking the A ones to Allure. All the dancers getting new AEs. He probably, he probably gonna stay crazy. They probably gonna stay after tonight. Get my nigga Aaron some A That's a real Adidas campaign.


Ain't nobody you said that's funny as fuck. The retweet made it worse. Shout out. Nah, I'm taking T Wolves Though. T Wolves. Okay, I'm I'm gonna go Hawk tonight man. They have the cribs. See what they got man. Bucks at Bulls Bugs. I'm gonna go with the, I'm gonna go with the Bulls tonight. Yeah this one of them games that, that sounds stupid. And I could see the Bulls winning but I'm gonna go with Bugs anyway in this situation. Wizards at Thunder. Thunder? Yeah. What are we talking about here? Free JP P? Yeah then need the conversation Clippers at Grizzlies. I'm say varsity Game right here. I'm gonna take the Griz. I'm gonna go Clippers tonight.


I'm gonna go Clippers tonight. I got Griz, I'm take the Griz. I feel bad. Last time I went and against the Grizz, Steph fucked up the parlay but you know what I'm saying. I'm gonna trust James hard. I'm gonna trust James hard this time around for sure. Tre Blazer is at Mavs. Yeah Duh. With the masks. Yeah Rest Man get ready For Christmas every day. I messed that up. An Anthony Simons hit a game winning layup. I don't know who he blew by. Who was at, he went right by Westbrook. Yep. Damn. Got the Dub. He liked that though. Elite. Elite. Remember watching him shoot the dame camp and I was like I know he was good but damn like he don't miss at all. Yeah. Code Pacers at Warriors. Warriors.


I don't like how y'all got quiet. I try to give y'all some, I'll be trying to pause. Okay. I'm trying to think. I think I'm on a roll with the Pacer reason. Yeah come on bring the 44 jersey out. We don't got here Jersey up here. Where that at? Yeah, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take the Pacer. Let's go with Pacers five game Win Street. They ass Whoop. You said that against the sons. You know what happened. Belt to ass situation Sons at Nuggets. Damn. I'm go with the Nuggets. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Nah gimme ah nah gimme some. I'm just Bad. Denver too. That make a difference. It do it dot take The altitude and the gas Good tree out there. That be all right bro? Yeah Man that book gonna drop the Impala up there.


It's go get Wicked for show Pistons at Lakers Lakers Bro. I'm gonna take the Pistons. Damn. Mm been Hell. Y'all rock whoop boys though. Hey Taking the Piston. Y'all been consistent? You see K CU him game winning shot over kd. I'm gonna take the Pistons. My boy been hooping for show Kade Is an all star. Come on man. They told me I was out pocket for Mission. His name most on the show. My boy been killing him. Y'all better tap in for show. Nah, he a Allstar bro. Detroit ain't worth a damn but that boy kill Detroit. Except no East. Eh he he might That's on brand. Yeah playing. He got playing. He has to be an Allstar. He Has to be an Allstar. He in the playing. Well I well I don't know man. 'cause that guard situation in the east is crazy Sweet bro. He not gonna get that night over Lalo.


Hell yeah. You think so? You think he'll get the all start out over Lalo? I like 10th in the East Lalo 13th and he missed a lot of games. Yeah, he still might qualify though if he keep playing. Seven Wins is crazy bro. I don't disagree but I think he cold like we know he one of the better players in the league but Seven wins bro. I Can't even award seven wins bro. He average is 32. Yeah Bro. But seven wins bro. He average 30 though. 30 or seven. No this is crazy. No disrespect. Somebody got scored that bitch down like for real. Somebody got you. Yeah somebody gotta shoot. Oh man we see that's bring the swag back. Yeah It ain't no dis To the Allstar game. It ain't no it ain't no disrespect Lalo code but somebody gotta score it bro.


If Stiffler is one of the best point guards of all time an average nine, he makes Stiffler bro. Stiffer Martin stop bro. Stop bringing him. But we don't even have a picture of that nigga bro. Who Probably Stiffler. He probably was Stiffler back in the day. Slater Slater Slater bro. AC Slater Seven time Allstar at nine points a game. It was only averaging like 18. Mel has to make. Yeah bro they was only averaging, it was only averaging 18 total points. Only bit Wallace could do shit like that bro. He average half the Points they could make seven Allstar The score was 18. 18 to 17. Now listen you got a hundred point rule. If you scored at a hundred points, you said if you average less than 10 you can't be Allstar.


Listen, it was 1946 times he was seven top Allstar. Come on bro. Listen it was, That's my dog right? What It was 1946. We talking about a white man Chris. Oh he's crazy. The average score was 23 to 27 and he average nine. I was kill, he was going crazy. If I average nine and you could brag about this nasty that that's your bite size league score. 2327. If you get nine you code. So the top That's nasty stats bro. Let no officer can't fucking fuck it bro. Off the stretch. That's bullshit bro. Okay, that's how many points score. I'm rocking with Slater though. You rocking with Slater? Lock in for sure man. P 46.


I'm gonna have to do some research on him. Yeah I need to find a jersey. Oh that Mitchellness ain't got that one. We gonna have to tap in for sure. Hey man, college football, some great games over the weekend. Recapping Notre Dame B IU 27 17. Penn State Beats SMU 38 to 10 Texas beat clips in 38 to 24 in Ohio State. Beat the doors off Tennessee. 1417. I told you, I told y'all about Ohio State was about to do. You did but SMU bro. Did y'all watch it again? I seen the highlights my boy was throwing out. I seen the highlights. I said the fix is in. There's no way you throwing this many picks bro. Something ain't right. Like he, he had a bad on man. They need to do a little different job of picking these teams for this Playoffs.


Man. Stop. We know it's some money grab and we talk about this on the pod, but go back to where we're supposed to be. Go back to the limit of teams bro. The it, it's only the elite man. Stop all this. Everybody included shit. We know some money grab. We know everybody deserves a chance. No they don't. They have the all season to win games bro. Yeah, it is what it is. SU He's on my get well soon list of that quarterback from SM U. He, it had a bad night. Now I wanna ask y'all this since we talking about college sports right now. How do y'all feel, especially with the football situation where you got some of these kids who are tr already knowing what they're gonna transfer to before the bowl games.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real time data. Visit join signals.com today


We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan. A complete unknown is now a golden globe and critics choice nominee for best picture. Bobby, What do you wanna be? Whatever it is, they don't want me to Be. Timothy Shaima Astonishes as Bob Dylan and one of the best performances of the year. Gimme The bums. A dime in your Prime and critics rave. Edward Norton is absolutely fantastic. 70,000 people are here and Bobby is the reason for it This Christmas. They just want me sing and blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. How does it feel? Don't miss the movie. Critics are healing five stars. It's pure cinematic magic.


Turn it down. They laugh. Direction And name to a FI and the National Board of Reviews. Top 10 films of the year Make some noise bd. Track some mud on carpet. Complete unknown. A complete unknown. Only in theater's Christmas Day Rudy D under 1790, middle. Without parrot, Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need.


Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving To Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community, the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home at Explore Minnesota dot com slash live.


Do y'all feel a ways about that or is it fair because the coaches do the same shit? It's Just more publicized now. It's been that way though. Hmm. Niggas knew what they was going for. They like after this tournament, after this NCA tournament, I'm sliding bro. But you don't think it's been even worse with the portal now? 'cause boys is hopping in the portal. Like, all right listen, boom season's over with after this Game. I'm out it now but I'm talking about like the thought processes. Yeah. Always like shit when you getting, when you play, I ain't played no college sport, but I'm sure like if you having a rough time with your team, you already been on phone calls trying to get out there. But even some of these situations you got like starters like quarterbacks and shit that, you know what I'm saying? They had decent seasons. Whatever they season ain't over. They'd be like, yeah, I got one more game. I'm about this motherfucker. Ain't no way you playing your hardest bro in this situation if you about to devout.


Nah, it, it, it, it is janky. I ain't gonna lie. It's janky like you, you take, he stealing my player basically. Yeah. Like I done built him up and rightfully so. He playing well or whatever. He probably deserve a payday since everybody get paid. But damn I, I ain't gonna get his all like you said, like he worrying about not getting hurt 'cause the payday on the way. Yes, ky as soon as this game is over, i, my NIL signed. I need, I need advance. It should be a rule that you can't, you know, you should get in trouble if you start reaching out to different teams or something. Mm. Before the season is over. At least like that's my thing. At least after your last game. Go ahead and say it bro. Yeah, but I think before but to be fair, these coaches do the same shit and they been doing it too.


So listen, if the coaches can dip on the job or leave these kids stuck in the situation, bro it is. The game is the game bro. You got, you got the means to keep me. Just pay me if you really like me that much man. I mean I, I get it. I mean coaches did. I mean coaches made money previous years when players couldn't coaches get to leave when they want but no, You leaving for the better opportunity most of the time. Yeah. So I get it. But also coaches get fired. Yeah. Straight Up. So That's different. They Get fired and players still get to stay get they four years so Yeah or whatever. What they come in the, That's the big difference. Yeah. It's the livelihood of this shit. So I get it though for Sure. This is too smooth for you to just to, if I'm at Michigan and I'm doing my thing at, oh I'm talking to Ohio State third game into the season bro.


We wilder But you can, I was killing bro. It's like somebody gotta say some type But you, if you go to Michigan you definitely ain't going Ohio State. Yeah. You do something like that. You, you better plan. I know, I'm just saying. But you, you definitely might die that might John Wil your as you pull up transfer like that bro. Like they gonna put some of your food like Diddy in jail. That's why eating right now. That's like, that's what He said. He said he ain't eating right now because somebody put something, they try to put stuff in his food. Shout out to the homies behind the walls. Keep your heads up. I heard Mike Jackson say that too Boy. You better eat that plate boy. Nah it is worse on this outside. Just eat that plate of jail and chill bro. Nah it ain't worse out here but get that Heads up. Nah, get that bad boy. Karaoke going.


That's it. Get some new artists. The S karaoke with did is nuts. You got eat that somewhere that motherfucker. No He ain't, there ain't nothing Death. It's a, it's a nigga freestyling the Diddy every day lock in bro. You ain't coming home. I don't know if it's about the music but respect. You come Home Don't guy, he free somebody in there rapping they ass off. Yes bro. Every day and Damn they like, I'ma i'ma when you get out I'm fuck with, I'm gonna call J and them. They gonna get you Right. And Jay and them out here like we don't fuck with that nigga. He don't even know. He said we are business acquaintances. He don't even know business acquaintances. We are not friends. We used to hang out in the clubs. He ain't no Oh that's a bad verse for him.


He used to take him home and enjoy that. Oh Lord. Now you gonna Reebok deal. Oh we gotta get outta this NFL Roundup Rolling over that grade. Y'all does Man Bras beat the just 19 or nine. This has to be air writer's last season. No it's not, bro. Has to be bro. Go to Pat McAfee show full time bro. No, bro. Yeah I know bro. I used to love Aaron Roger. He was my favorite quarterback. I'm, I'm pretty much done with him. Yeah bro, we, we got done with Aaron. I don't like how he talking to my guy Ryan though. Yeah he, I don't rock with that. But Ryan did come for him though. He did but you know but, But Aaron Rock should be talking greasy too.


I'm Dr. Omar in this situation bro. Yeah he see you ever seen that thing on a breakfast club with Dr. Omar? This is so random but he is like are you ever over everything black? He sent me that and that nigga said what about having black gums and white teeth? Would you rather have black gums or white teeth? He said what's the color of the teeth? If I got black gums was like, I don't know. He was like gimme black gum. What color? The teeth is crazy because what color? Say it white with black stripes or black with white stripes. Black with white stripes. Charade is a dick 2025. We have to have Dr on his platform one way or another bro.


We got figured out bro. We need Dr on this platform for sure. That Would be my favorite episode we ever did. For sure. Man. Shout out to Commanders. Came back and got a Wst Eagles yesterday. 36. 33. The real jd, he's special man. Falcons beat the sleeves off the Giants 34 to seven. Shout to Kirk Cousins, you know what I'm saying? For that pregame prayer it sat his ass right on down like he was supposed to. Yo pens got the dub for show. Yeah. Wait a hoop? Yeah man he sl us minus US Panthers beat the Cardos. 36. 30 Bengal 24 to six against the Browns. Give us song Jamus. Shout out to the coach. Got the dub yesterday. Beat the tight 38 30 hell of a game for show yesterday. Shout Out to My Dogs Lion Super Bowl. You know what I'm saying? Contenders in this joint. Beat the bears yesterday.


34 17. Kayla Williams. First year. Y'all impressed it all or blase. Yeah, I forgot about it. He got a nice house. Respect VI has beat the Seahawks. 27 24, another contender and the Vikings the Bills beat. The Patriots. 24 21 Raiders took care of the jazz. 19 to 14 the Dolphins took care of the 49 ERs. 29 to 17. Get well soon, Jeff. Yeah, well soon Cowboys winning. Wait for this season. Yo, don't you worry. Just a couple weeks my boy cowboys with the games. We not supposed to be winning anyway, but we beat the bucks 26 to 24. I know, I know Mike Evans is pissed This week. 15. Win That game. We weren't supposed to lose that. We weren't trying to win that game.


We still lost This week. 15. Nah, 16 if I'm correct. Damn. I could Be wrong but yeah, it's, it is. They got a couple weeks of get well soon booked the vacations. Yeah. A lot of people will not be seeing January football. Respect. Go ahead and get ready to Yeah. Deebo, get your outfits ready. Cancun, Cabo. Damn Deebo. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, new outfits on the way. Yeah, same 'em off all our weekend. Yeah. Listen man, a lot of was going on over this weekend and yesterday be here and verified buckets. Who was getting to it? I'm gonna give it to Joker man name tripled double on the year. He's a killer. Got his boy back rocking with him. That chemistry. Hopefully they can freaky mob build something in the second half of the season For sure man.


27, 13 to 10 light day at the office of Joker but still elite man. I'm gonna show some love to Olivia Miles up there. Notre Dame. Man please play the clip. She cold though Elite and she almost entered this young girl square. Okay. We don't have the clip but if you have seen it she almost severed young woman's knee yesterday off a simple snatch. It was Vis yesterday. Keep hooping up there for show. But you got to you. I'm gonna go with my dog man. They don't there get my man's no love defending champ. Jason Tatum. Mm wasn't crazy with a triple double. I ain't know you could get 10 nasty. I ain't gonna lie to you because when I was on your team you ain't passing for shit. Yeah but 43, 16 and 10. I'm proud of you boy's getting better every year. I mean what do you call a superstar that's getting better?


That might be his career high. Come on man. Yeah, I think that it's his career high and assist. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's a hell of a sacrifice. Jt. I fuck with you for that Too much. I know he had 43 50 points. Yeah definitely. He would've took three assists. Yeah He shaved three assists off of that 53, 53 Assists. Facts. Yeah, it wouldn't have mattered for sure. Shout out to him man. Hey man, listen we gotta make, I love the rules we have on this show 'cause 16 rebounds is crazy. Yeah, facts. And you not a big bro, you was out there playing basketball hard as fuck. But you know what's so crazy? I think that's underrated about his game though. No funny shit. He rebound at a high level bro. Niggas six 10. But I'm saying he really be crashing the board though. Nah, he do. But the B six 10, it's so funny 'cause you guys like guys you know we see high school kids and all them.


He be like damn boy 16 boy he gonna be good. Then you see Jason Taylor, he like damn this fucker six 10 For this was 16 look like now I'd just be confused when somebody like that can rebound but somebody that actually plays down low can't even average 10 rebounds. Always be confused about that. When it comes to like NBA players It's a, because you know when you a guard you supposed to three people supposed to get back defensively. Yeah. So usually a point guard, two wings they give back and then like the bigs are battling for position trying to box out and stuff. So usually a small forwards or whoever they come in and swoop up the rebounds. Unless you just got a animal on a defensive glass or offensive glass.


That's a big and just, that's what I do. Ben Wallace type dude I get boards most of the time. A small four is gonna average six seven rebounds. I'll be like damn man, you, you, you are a power four. We only getting seven, eight rebounds outta you. Yeah But I get when you break it down like that I guess it makes sense. Yeah I guess I'm here boxing out and niggas don't pay attention to that. Yeah I'm boxing out he comes swooping. It's Damn like a screener. Yeah I Was gonna say is like you said it it'd be by team design. 'cause if you ever look at the bigs who don't have have a lot of rebounds, just go look at that roster and see how many they guards get. So you can probably tell I know Brooke Lopez be boxing out. Hey Brooke Lopez Will Giannis gonna get all I was gonna say Giannis be pushing niggas out the way to get the rebounds bro. I'm saying Brooke Lopez really be, he's one of the ones that I see actually Steven like Steven Adams, Steven Adam used to box outta everybody and then Russ Burger come swoop in and grab the board.


True. Yeah man we gotta start looking at some of them sets too. Like they did John Stockton, some of them rebounds. Where you tapped into the person? No that's your rebound bro. Quit on pat day stat bro. I only appreciate it when we on DraftKings but other than that bro it's not your rebound bro. Get off the, it's still crazy that that man told on John Stockton like that It did snitch. I Ja was Bitch it was after the Covid stuff bro. Be Chilling bro. I can still walk around my city and don't nobody bother me. Nah You ain't get the covid shot. Hey we cheated for this nigga. They dropped a dime on him. I be pissed Roger still talk about the covid shit bro. It ain't ever over for a lot of people. I, I ain't gonna lie back in the day and shout out to all my, my youngest they used to play a Hal but them stats at the end of them game.


Oh my god bro. Shout to pj. Nah this Larry Stone, Larry Stone. Shit crazy. His stats used to be like he had John Sta Boy who was the big they big bro. Oh big funny looking dude. His stats would be crazy. Larry Stone average a quadruple double hal Man. Craziest stats I ever seen bro. One time he had no cap. One time he had 18 steals bro. I said Jeff not lying. I said bro what With four three points 43 points, 12 assist 18 steals and 10 rebound. And that big bro used to have 16 blocks, 37 rebounds. I ain't bullshitting these one Top. They had hey T was crazy.


They had first they had nigga shout Ke had Greg Foster. Yep. And Larry Stone and they all was averaging Terry. Terry shout to Terry. They all was averaging 26 a game. Like how Bro ke a dub. I was like how bro? I said all my niggas is going to Dukes Man they average a hundred, they aging 110 points a game in 32 minutes. I remember they beat, they beat like a, I don't know who it was like it wasn't the school of death that but it was a school that don't nobody really cared about bro. And he had 18 steals in the paper. Yeah bro. It was on the front of the paper. I swear my, My pop came home and said he a, he a animal man. He just be going, my dad was coaching over there. I said Dad he's gonna have 18 steals.


He like, man he was out there playing hard. I said 18 steals. Man, Man shout out to that. You know what so Funny man shout out to coach G. It is hilarious. 'cause like he knew how to like push out buttons but like he knew y'all was better than a lot of people. He used a brief to y'all face just to piss all off. Yeah. I'm like pops he did not have 18 steel. He was like man he was out there playing hard man he just, he relentless now he took you could never get 18 steal. Yeah definitely Relentless. That's a good word. Yeah he was like, he just never stopped man. I'm like bro That's it. Damn Don nobody would dribble up against little leery. It's over 18 Steels is crazy. Best defender I ever seen. What's the NBA record for Steels. I would love to see that at some point in my life bro. 18 steels bro. They had a nerve, they had that in the paper bro. That shout To hell man. Star y outta pocket. Holy fuck man.


43 points. I'm sorry bringing that up but that just made me think about that shit. 10 Bo took me out though and the tens Larry like 5, 6, 7 Shout He could hoop though. Definitely Hoop, Hoop. Hell yeah all sta Just Fit. They was just super out of pocket. Damn. I ain't know how was on their John hockey shit. That's hilarious man. Definitely my bad. John Just, we had a shout out to guys for that Real story. I'm like how is he averaging 25 Keon averaging 25, Larry averaging 25, they got 60 points. That box score was Wasn't score a hundred in high school bro. I'm like man what? Oh man that's amazing man.


Monday morning get well someone who need to start their week off with some encouragement be here the how how statistician still to this day. That Damn coach on that stand line person. They Had to be a part of John Stockton Lineage. Oh God. Carry the All Stars for sure. JT Dunking on Jaylen Smith man I guess where the clip free Mike caught Him Saturday. Jaylen get well soon my boy. Oh has he? Ah Hey Damn JT damn Boy damn happy head a person no more. He The strongest head. I'm still mad at that nigga for taking that picture with me like that. Yeah his yeah like a girl. Hey take a picture with my son real quick.


Like the picture he took LeBron that like that picture. Oh that's funny man. See his development though like he no pause. There we go. He did get a lot stronger bro. Oh for real? Yeah like That is crazy. Yeah Like him and Giannis like hey Giannis development's crazy bro. Yeah that is crazy. Hey man mine is going design McCullum, you know what I'm saying? Play for the Buccaneers yesterday. You know what I'm saying? He was trying to play some defense yesterday on cd. Okay it ain't working. Basically what happened he got snagged on. It's pretty bad. Shout to production team for not having that video up. So we gonna go to another one.


Hey you guys see what ain't got the video. They be over there. Shake it, shake it like some strippers. At least Malcolm keep his composed. Yeah Malcolm just keeps scrolling like no next one. Hey watch the episode tomorrow. Watch episode tonight. I mean today at 12. See freaky bike go straight what you call it last night W wa And the On That shit is hilarious bro.


Great podcast. Dropping today at noon. Please tap your man load down dirty. Shame you are. I'm gonna get Michael well soon to the 76 Es. Evan Mobby pulled up and disrespected everybody who wanted to play that game. But hey man y'all talked about him being a potential Allstar. I know they ain't had a video. Gonna pop. Shout to Vertigo Man I'm out crazy. I'm out bro. We have technical difficulties. The Clips now do the, do the viewer see this. I always Shit. Okay, is that how it's gonna pop up on the Screen? That's how niggas used to try to play me in 2K too. There We go. I boss say bro, I, I'm, I'm out bro. I'm about to crash out. I already got injected. Hey He dunk on two niggas Nasty bro.


I like that for sure. Oh man, Damn he really special for you. They Grouping ankle socks. Damn, That's crazy Adidas athlete. Shout to Evan Mo turn him up. Alright be here. Christmas is almost here man. People trying to win some money on man. What you got for him Today? I got Jason Tatum 25. Okay. Jalen Green 20. I got Victor. He's gonna at least get 23 points tonight. Yeah, okay. Donovan Mitchell light 25 bad. My boy Anthony Edwards, he's getting 25. Okay. At the crib. Ja Marant, I got him for 20. Yeah. Tyler Hero for 20. Yep.


So a hundred dollars wins. You today I did one 50 just a light day. $8,000 that's shot. I I think that one might hit one 50 for 8,000. I like that. I like this 180 3 25 to be exact but I think, I think we smooth right here with that. I like that One only thing I might take on that is, you know what I'm saying, it might be built to ass situation with the calve. So diving by played a full game but hey it also is Utah. He might want get it back in blood so I ain't mad at that man. I got one 50 For that. We kept, we kept it smooth. I had a lot of crazy dms since they was Christmas shopping early and I kind of blew the house up. Okay. Hundred 50 ain. Now y'all walked ass with that for Sure. It's a little pair of Jordan you can make it make Sense. Yeah bro. Overtime day at Amazon. Get it back. Yeah, Shout out to everybody Grind out there.


It's almost a holiday. Shout to Amazon man. Shout out to Amazon. Shout Jeff Bezos. I just ordered a package off Amazon. Okay. Yeah it wasn't 600 million. Shit. My daughter car still ain't came so Okay. I to tap into my resources. Yeah, you're gonna say now? Yeah they got some stuff going on. A little bit of a little tension between the workers right now. So I hope it all get resolved soon. You know what I'm saying? I order some scooters. They ain't came in yet either. Oh yeah, you might have to pull it to, you know what I'm saying? Somewhere else my boys can This holiday season, Jeff Bezos, he got that damn girl over there so he gonna back order That's $600 million way he playing some shit. Everything that Warehouse can stay for. He can be there right now. Count his chicken for sure. He'll get back to us for sure man. Listen, we'll be back in the Morning. We appreciate y'all five 20 in the Morning.


The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC


State Farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. In my family, one of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know as I gotten older, I made it a promise to myself to say, I don't wanna relive that. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then get my first apartment, then eventually buy my own home. Like these are all things that are possible. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Toura podcast Network.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of real-time spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real-time data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply.