
This is an iHeart podcast.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches and low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member Ft c.


Taking over the helm of NBC Nightly News, A 75-year-old broadcast, it's a great responsibility. Good evening, I'm Tom Yamas. You have to go out there to bring people at home closer to the store. Wildfires continue to be a threat. With that massive hurricane comes the massive response. The best reporters in our business know how to listen. And when you listen, you get the truth for NBC News. For NBC News. For NBC News, I'm Tom YaMmas. That's what we do every night. NBC Nightly News with Tom YaMmas. Evenings on NBC


The volume.


Good morning, happy Wednesdays five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sport show brought to you by Boost Mobile. You know the vibes. 99 99. Tap in. Get your brand new iPhone 1548 megapixel camera. Everybody pulled up this morning. We got Bishop, we got Mo. We got Teague Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up Bro? Good bro. Come on man.


It was some crazy squabbles last night in basketball man. But let's get straight to it man. We got show some love in the NHL man. The hockey fan said we need to tap in man one time for the Florida Panthers man. With a repeat against the Edmund Oilers man Wrote a clip yesterday man. Shout out to them boys. Celebrating back to back championships. I rock with it. Father won put belt of ass. It was cracking down there. They on three P two. Okay, That's hard. That's that's crazy. You go to a ice hockey rink in Florida? Yeah, You see that stadium packed Boys is tap in.


So that mean they gonna basically go out to the club like you just play this cold sport. But you about go to the club in Florida. Which your shirt off? Yeah, this time about Up open the Doors. Yeah. That's hard. Yeah, once we off his license up for sure man. Hey sl it up man. Win once is hard. Back to back is definitely hard. I wanna ask y'all this question. Y'all think Yeah, that's crazy. Y'all think we'll have any repeat champ in the NB? Anytime That second leg when you got a different win, They get a right break tap back. Yeah, we thought the substance would repeat this year. Do you think we'll have any repeat champions in the NBA anytime soon with the way the league is set up? No. Yeah It is looking. It's looking spooky for that bro.


Man, I think back to back three peak days is over bro. Y'all think so? No back to back champions no more. Not for a while bro. Not the way the league is right now bro. Mm Yeah we look at this off season already just started but boys is crashing out and we ain't even got to the draft yet because I knew for sure the Celtics was going back to back this Year. Yeah, yeah. We chalk everybody chalked this year up and say yeah Celtics healthy is built to ass. Yeah that was not the case at all. That's true. That's true. I ain't mad at that take. I was trying to think of a team that really could do it. But y'all right, the league is wide open right now. Wide Open. Most definitely. Man. Shout to the Florida Panthers man. Back to back chance man. Salute to y'all for show. Alright man. We here, we won't be in studio tomorrow so we gotta talk about it now man. Game six.


Do or die for the Patriots at the crib. Verse OKC. How we feeling man? Die? Nah, I'm just playing man. I think the Patriots gonna get this one. Okay. I mean is Tyrese hurt or what is he doing? The report came out said he has a cab strain. They haven said which grade of it but I am expecting Tyrese to play tomorrow. Like we said, no if ands or Buzz bro, if you're on that court you gotta get to it. No injury. Excuse. I Mean but if he can't walk bro, sit down. I don't think he gonna play. If He don't play then we cooked. I think y'all gonna actually win with him not playing. But I don't think he should play though because that's how this is just giving me, I'm knocking on wood. I don't want anything bad happening to him. But this is the same thing that happened to Kevin Durant. Yeah. You know what I mean?


He tried to force the issue playing with that calf strain. Yeah. And he popped that Achilles so it's not worth it. You know that's how it usually start that calf strain and work your way down. So yeah, that's what a lot of people say. They was like if it was grade two and above then he shouldn't play. They're like it's too much. I mean even though it's NBA finals, it ain't worth it 'cause You know what it could lead to. It's at grade one, You know what I'm saying? Go ahead and take that shot and lace up. It is the NBA finals. It is game six. If there's any time you should jeopardize it is now. But to be realistic, it ain't that deep bro. Yeah it ain't at all bro. It ain't That deep bro. Yeah bro. And but He probably thinking like, man we might not be here next year And they won't. They Probably won't. We won't. But I wanna be cool bro. Like KD league exploded bro.


I don't want be Yeah, Yeah KD bounce back though bro. I don't know for Tyree, I, I just think man, he don't want a chance that I think he want to play. I don't think he ducking no smoke wants play. Yeah I think he gonna give it a shot if it ain't that crazy. But I, I mean y'all right. But I'm like damn this is a hell of a moment for them. Yeah, but ain't nobody gonna even be sad if they don't win. Like the city still gonna be like damn we had a hell of a run. Nah. But yeah I don't even think he care about that. I'm just talking about from him per like personally bro he won Win a champ if he win a championship like nah This is major now. If you could play, you gotta push through. Definitely. For sure. Yeah, if you can't play, you can't play bro. I mean I feel him but yeah, I wouldn't feel no ways if he, if he was too bad and he couldn't play.


Yeah you're injured bro. Yeah I but like you said, if you're on that court you got hoop. I tell, I'll tell you what you say that but the pacer to Jeff's point, the fans Oh they gonna go in on him. Oh. The new Facebook pacer fans, they're going to slander him. They gonna call him all they already started up. Yeah he act Hurt last game and he hurt us more than helped us. So if you can't play, just don't play bro. Yeah if you gonna be like that So yeah man it's gonna be a hell of a game. A lot of people think that our bench can play good enough through this game. Stick with or without Tyrese against the game seven. I do. I am hopeful. I am praying so. But what I seen from that OKC team, granted they were weren't OKC look we got our work cut out man.


But like I said adversity first time with our back against the wall elimination game, we have not seen that all play off serious. I would love to see how we bounce back. We gotta give up a good fight. I love being rock. Gotta fight If Tyrese don't play, Ben got Rock. Yeah y'all gotta let him rock out bro. Yeah TJ Nash gonna be playing 34 minutes. I don't like that. Get your rest. I don't like that bro. I hate it. I like him coming off the bench as a spark but him being the league guard for 40 minutes bro you Should. I don't think he, I don't think he's still gonna start. Even if Tyrese don't play, he not gonna start the game. They gonna put them hard at the one. Okay. That'll ain't gonna Denise Smith and probably like Math Aren Ted used to do stuff like That. Yeah he's still gonna play his same role. He probably gonna play more but he gonna still come off the bench.


Yeah, most definitely. Alright. For the patience to win. Who gotta have a big game? I'll start with you Teague. I'm gonna go with Benedict Math. I think Tyrese, if he plays, I don't think he's gonna be great because you gonna be second guessing it a little bit. Just naturally like shit if I step too hard right there, that mug might pull for a grade too. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I don't think he gonna be that super aggressive. I think he gonna be able to be on the floor and make some threes but I think like Benedict Mather has to play well and neem hard and and TJ Nash they gotta have a moment most def Is he still, You know what I'm saying? Despite the injury still good enough to be somewhat of a decoy. Not really 'cause after I show y'all this video, no.


Alright. For sure. Alright Mo for a patience to get a dub man who gotta show up Man we need Miles Turner to wake up bro. Of course with me Pascal will do his thing but I really think being in the MA math room is gonna have to step up bro. Yeah we go out there and get us 25 tonight, we be in good shape. Yeah. Alright cool. Alright. B here for KC. The closest out the crib man. What they gotta do Man, y'all well for KC we just gotta play like we did last game but for y'all to win I think y'all gotta stop fouling so much bro. For sure. Y'all got, y'all gotta slow down on them faster. They take advantage of y'all once y'all get in foul trouble they pick on y'all. Nah I Gonna say against who now 'cause SGA he gonna get them calls regardless.


Ain't know we could do it. I mean shit y'all was fouling Jalen too. He was going to the strike like they shot some free throws in that game so I just, I don't know we gotta change up that defensive game plan too. See aka gotta look like one of them one. He gotta look like Kawa tonight. Yeah And You know what? I think he's capable. I think that kws he is, I mean excuse me, KW aka is definitely capable of getting us game six. He can kill but the role players have to help him bro. I mean yeah if Tyrese is out, You know what I'm saying, he they going have to do something. Yeah but I mean that's, y'all asking a lot too. Y'all know them hard wanna play like a o from a one so. Well It's vital for tap me in if there any time for you to come hoop, we need you right now brother.


Yeah for sure. All man in the super chat for a second agent. More said morning y'all Are we ever gonna get an off core pod of y'all sneaker collection? That would be dope. Maybe one day That'd be cool. I ain't mad at it till you could go the closet in one day. No. Oh whoop, that's dead. Alright. Jay in the super chat says sick of them. He bull Daggers hating on CC Fever did a crash out on The team. I swear to God bro they are the worst man. Shout out to CC man. They they was horing her yesterday and I didn't like that And the fever y'all out pocket bro. Where her teammates at? Why is she always in the mix by herself bro? Yeah Damn because she talk the most shit. So what Rod you gotta have my back bro.


Rod, I can't wait to talk about that. I'm the, I'm the reason y'all on Jets. I'm the reason y'all got all These fans y'all Need to ride bro. Yeah Come on man. We gonna talk about that short show but we need to James Johnson so we gotta have it enforce it bro. You cannot touch the franchise Like that bro. It's enough of y'all bro. It's enough studs on that team bro on that bench. Step up bro. Somebody I'm nothing Caitlin Clark out there battling the hole. I said damn she got bumped then the other white girl came and pushed her down. I'm like ah that's crazy. Nah I liked it. Nah this way we gonna, we gonna run 'em clips later the show because I just knew it was gonna be a black girl that pushed her down when I seen it was a white girl. I was like yeah, yeah what they gonna say about this because I'm gonna tell you right now, that's the first thing I see. I was like oh boy if she was black boy the way the video looked it looked like the black girl. When the black girl was like this I'm like oh she's cooked And then I seen it was the white girl.


I was like Keep your hands off Cece man. I was like oh she's in. I was like the black girl's in the green. She's cool. She's smooth. Hey where use your head. Alright Sal Asencio in the super chat said hey y'all watched the Deonte interview on the Pivot podcast y'all need to watch. Also shout out to your T for always ing the A Forever Love here for sure I saw it. Yeah I saw decent amount of it. It was definitely good. Especially from the clips. If you haven't seen it, please tap in dope interview man. Shout out to San Antonio man. Coach Poppin is a real one for show and just k the super chat said future album start bench cut DS two Monster Beast mode. Ooh that's tough. Start DS two yo.


What's getting cut Beast mode. Dang I ain't mad at that order actually. Yeah I like it that Yeah I know how I'm rolling. That's my line up. He yeah he must saw something on Twitter or Something. As long as DS two is one, I'm cool with everything else in the situation. Classic albums though. Most definitely.


Hey man while we here man shout out to Ridge one time for the one time. Listen man we had a dope promo code for y'all Father's Day gifts. I know y'all been slacking but you can still tap in man, get you a nice new wallet man. We're premium materials customizable up to 50 colors, You know what I'm saying? Be here. Them hackers is outside man they gonna keep you safe. Yeah Man check out the R-D-I-F-I believe That's what it's called. Nah, it's RFID don't worry about it. Oh okay That's that technology can get you from getting scammed. You know they protect the wallet and I need that 'cause I always lose my wallet and I don't need nobody going through my stuff man. I got a lot of You know chicken on these cards man. Most definitely. And they got the little spot in there for the air tag, You know what I'm saying? Just in case it get tricky you can recover your stuff man. Tap in with Ridge man. Use that promo code Club five 20 tell 'em that we sent you and listen man they got free shipping and a 99 day risk-free trial. So listen 99 days for Ridge then you can circle back with the dogs over Boost Mobile 99 99 get you a new wallet and a new phone and our listeners get 10% off like we said use that promo called Club five 20. We got you man. Shout tore. We appreciate y'all for show. You know what's even crazy? Yes sir. They got a lifetime warranty on these walks. Hey turn up. Don't get wiped down. Don't get scammed man. Get you a rib for show You know the vibes but yeah early predictions for tomorrow's game man.


Where we at with it? I know B hen obviously I'm rolling with the Pacers. Okay you, you being confident in this game seven. You on game seven regardless. Yep, I'm rolling. Okay. What'd I do Mike? That was phenomenal. Good shit fried tea. Who you got tomorrow? Man I, I'm gonna go with the Pacers man. Turn me up. Boom. We we won a game seven. That's good for basketball. Pacers too. Alright man You know the vibes man. Game seven on the way for sure. But can I teach y'all something about the game 'cause I'm a, I'm a basketball nerd and for the longest I've been saying Tyree Halliburton doesn't go left. I said it against the Cleveland Cavaliers. I even made a call to the CS and was like man y'all don't realize he don't ever go to the left side of court or he never go to the left.


And a bunch of people sent this to me today and they were just like t you been saying this from series one, series two and you'll look at his shot attempts in his finals. He never go to the left side of the court. Ain't no vibes over there bro. There's nothing over there. Ain't no vibes on the left hill side bro. You never see a left hand layup. Nah, a lot of buckets over here. Shout to that. Like all the analytics and all the people they have that study the game, they still haven't realized that all you gotta do is force him to the left sometimes they trying to bro he just Getting his shit Off. Nah, I'm not saying he not good but I told you I studied, I studied him and I studied Chris Paul and Chris Paul and him are very similar so when I was watching the kid the Cleveland series I'm like hey man y'all need to play them how we play Chris Paul, I did all my film studies on Chris Paul when he was in the finals and I know he never shoots left hand layups.


He only shoots threes going left and it's when you bag up and go under a bunch of times and he get that one little pound drill where he'll shoot a three. He never shoot mid range going left. Everything he do is a right hand fade when he get to his midi he never going all the way to the basket with his left hand. And I was like man he got same similarities as Chris Paul they pass way better going right 'cause they can get downhill and make that skit pass or whatever. They don't pass really well with they left hand. And I'm like damn he this reminds me of Chris Paul and I ain't gonna lie, I called one of the coaches from Collect the Calves and I was like look this how y'all can beat him. And then I watched them switch every pick and roll and let him get to his right hand.


I'm Like on And I like, like I was like what y'all, what are y'all not hearing me? Like do y'all not understand no weapons form be against that your problem literally it didn't look out his shot to the left side of the Floor. That's where they jump him to on that left hand side. It's all bricks. Yeah they was jumping him over there. It is amazing. That's crazy though to see that. Yeah But I've been, Robinson literally told me that about Chris Paul my rookie year. Yeah he's, I swear to god he doesn't use his left hand at all Ever. And he really don't, He don't. You know what's funny, he's a hall of famer. He's one of the but he know how to his he's so good. Like he's really good at getting back to his right hand. Yeah Like you can't stop it. Monta Ellis was like that. Yeah he never used his left hand. He used come off the pit with his right hand on The left side with his right hand bro That's talking about that Kean Ridge was the same way.


Yeah he never went left. Hey How we go Montes and Kean ud? No I'm just saying to see to see something like that to like But that just tell you how good they are. Yeah and deceptive and then like be able to use their ability to get to where they want to go. But why not just learn how to use your other hand a little Bit? They they use it good enough where you can bait you to get back to their strong hand. They Don't shoot no left. I have not ever seen him shoot a left hand leg. Oh you never would put Over here for in and out and get back to it. Yeah that's what they do. Yeah it's gonna be a He get you one of these, he right back to it. He Right. Yeah every time But when you break it down I never thought about it like that until I realized like damn that really does happen. Yeah. You know it's funny too, remember year before last that time about Jaylen, LeBron and I having the left hand and got the biggest deal ain been in history.


Hey nah it's good like that. You make it work. Left hand is overrated. Yeah it is. Talk about because if you that good and nobody can stop you from getting back to your right hand, that's amazing. But I know what they do you used To hate on and he don't even have one to use. Who? I hate on My boy Emanuel one on oh my god the real right hand he Can't even fake on there. He said he bumped that nub knock it back. He got the coldest in out ever. Ain't on me bro. In out suspicious nigga bro in out twice. He, he is a, if he had two hands bro, he would be, he'd be a Allstar n NBA a Allstar But he doesn't so you can't go left. I'm not letting you go. Right. Jeff is a ball nerd.


Two of the best point guard in the league don't even use it. Y'all Just said they deceptive. They don a little bit. He don't have no left at all bro. I'm forcing you left. You can't do nothing bro. You know Well our kids gonna argue. Well they don't have a lift but the thing is they, they can go left. They just like, You know Chris, Paul and Tyree Hallberg can go left. Yeah. Oh yeah. But they're really good going right and y'all still let them get back to their best hands like they're y'all let them use what they do really well but I know how they get back to it. I mean they'll go off the screen, flip the screen, get right back to your right hand. Yeah, I mean that's what Chris did. Like I'm gonna go off here. Come back, say it again. I'm gonna get back to my right hand and now we in trouble.


Pacers Is pissed right now. Y'all gonna show this on that platform? Nah, it was just amazing. We trying to win a finalist. Hey listen, he making calls Now. That's crazy. I I didn't know about that shit. I did make a call. That is nuts. I did make a call, he Fixes even I did make a call. My plebe hat would've been times 10 if I'd known that I wasn't hating but I was just like watching because y'all know they my friends. For real. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I don't know nobody on the, that makes sense. I don't know nobody on the pacer staff but all them coaches on Cleveland. Them really my my guys. So I'm like man, am I missing something man, if Tyrese would've got trapped off some ball screens for that man, they'd have been like, yeah You know what I'm, this is our game plan. And to hear that for you, I would've been pissed. I'm happy Ty Jerome.


Nah, I told y'all Tyro to get back to where he, he was in trouble. He got wicked for sure. Alright man in the super chat for a second, Donald Ghost and said T how you did the career, how you did the career D Wade versus Clay for wrestling. Who had the better career? Stink or Booker T. Okay, Booker T had a better career. Sting had the longevity, he more, probably more Iconic. But Booker t had a better career 'cause he went to WE when he left WCW Sting stayed over there too long. Then he had to go to them other wrestling stops that we ain't gonna mention right now. They weren't really hitting on nothing. Yeah, for sure. Shout to Booker T. Shout the sting 4 1 4. Russ said if you could swap one moment from each of your NBA careers, good or bad, what would it be and how?


What would it be and why? Excuse me. Could it be a game, a trade teammate or even a play you wish went differently? What? You go ahead Bian. You could swap one moment From your NBA career. Oh let me go back to the early nineties. Give me Schwab Kevin Johnson and Gary Pay. I need another dog. You was Charles Barkley. Yeah. Hey Charles Barkley and Gary Payton would've been crazy on the same team. What number? Fist fights. A lot of fights bro. The only two NB players here. Y'all wanna answer that? If I could swap one moment for each of your NB, if I could swap a moment, shit LeBron would've got traded somewhere else and we could have went to the championship for sure.


I don't know the gate. He, he would've stayed in Miami. I don't shit. I dunno. Alright, went to the Lakers earlier. Sure. Alright. 4 0 4 world shout to you. And then Monday D 96 said Neither patriot get active like big Sophie and the rest of the fever. Yeah man Pacers, we got our James Johnson. Ain't nobody telling Tyrese no more after that Y situation. We secured that for sure.


The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance so we can play some bets on these games man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA. For sure. We ready to tap in man what you got for me That five to get $300 in bonus Bes Man $5 gets you $300 in bonus be if your bet wins. Yeah, I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City Thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm using that bonus bets to put it in for my Indiana Pacers. We going to get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time bets on DraftKings. $5 gets you $300 in bonus. Be if your bet wins. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings. Put in promo code club five 20. That's again Promo Club Club five 20 fellas, y'all laughing at me but hey you bit that $5 and you get $300 back on that bonus bets for sure. Only on DraftKings the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio


Meta AI is the personal AI that's tailored to you now with its very own app. It's built to get to know you, offering helpful answers and inspiration. Looking for something to add to your bucket list. Meta AI goes beyond traveling the world. It remembers you're a basketball fanatic and suggest you attend one of the playoff games. Just start typing or speaking to get the answers you need, wherever and whenever because meta AI is your personal ai. Download the meta AI app now available on the Apple App store and Google Play.


Your business deploys AI pilots everywhere. But are they going anywhere or are they stuck in silos, exhausting, resources, unable to scale. Maybe you don't need hundreds of AI pilots. You need a holistic strategy. IBM has 65,000 consultants with Gen AI expertise who can help you design, integrate and optimize AI solutions so you're not just deploying ai, you're scaling it across your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM let's create


Some stands for so others. Mighty and I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Speaking of that situation, man, shout out to the fever. Got the dub yesterday. It was real chippy yesterday. Gets the sun wrote Eclipse. We squabbling in the W. They acting like the big three out here. I don't like. Yeah I like how she try to slap her and get away though. Oh yeah, Caitlyn look. Got you. She gets slapped but she gonna push her and try to like yeah push her and run. Nah, boop on her ass. You on 'cause don't push me and around said that can't happen Tina Charles. That cannot happen. Girl said no I ain't got no time for this. I'm not trying to be your sports in Charles. Real. Yeah you smart. She said nah real one.


I know the bobs. Buy your mama a house. You smart. Yeah, that's sort the retaliation. Shout yourself if we come to him real teammate we on a break with it. Come here. Yeah. What's up? What's up man? She headlock Somebody come here. Boom. Yeah sir. That's what we on. Okay there we go. That's a wild foul. And she went, she got active immediately. Yeah. What's up? I'm on that grabbed her head. She knew what time it was. Hey that is a crazy foul for that ankle. That's a crazy foul bro. And she went to choke her. Yeah. What's up y'all get her jerseys. Y'all like her. That's who's that shout to her? That's that her sons? Yeah. I'm de looking at her jersey. The shit she got her stepdaddy last name white girl named Cut.


Lemme find her down. That is crazy man. She married to Dante bro. Aw no I'm just, I was gonna say wait no she's not. I dunno if y'all seen any new allegations but we ain't gonna talk about that but shout to the fever man. They earned a spot in the Commissioner's Cup championship with that win yesterday Cece had 20 and six. Kelsey Mitchell had 17 and two. Tina Charles had 20 and four as well. Man, shout to the people for getting that dub yesterday. Took care of business also to Liberty. Took care of your dream yesterday. 86 to 81. Man, chill out man. It was a good game though. Your dream been looking better man. But the Liberty didn't like that. Nah, we we top, we won the top teams in the league. We probably gonna make to the chick. Oh I don about shoulda won that game. Yeah, we should have. Yeah y'all should Be top three seed. Yeah it is only eight.


Oh shit We at the bottom. Nah we better than a fever. Oh nah, nah. Cece was gone a couple. Nah we nah we back locked in record wise they are but nah, nah, nah not promise as a team we better than them. We cracking them the next time. No, we gonna see y'all for sure man. Michelle to Sabrina. She with crazy with 34 and seven. Yeah y'all, hey everybody kept saying Cece way better than her. Sabrina be killing. Nah Sabrina, Sabrina High is like that for sure. I'm not gonna say she's way better. It's very close and she's a champion. She's raw for sure. No smut on her at all. What she averaging right now, at least the dub because that's what she do for sure. Yeah, she's cold. I'm definitely rolling with Sabrina over Cece. Yeah. Ah, I mean they, they're two good players but I rolling with Ce her feet, her feet better.


Ooh. I mean her shoe is elite. Both versions cant, can't smother it out. We gotta see with CA's shoe gonna be like first the blue PE Kobe is fired. It is fire and we need them tap ear. I am going get it. Yeah. Ooh 20. Yeah she average 20 for shot. That's what she do. And she in the team where? Breonna Stewart. So yeah. What's Cece averaging? Oh You know what it is probably average 11 or 6 21 1 5 8, 8 like yeah it is like she killing, she killing and El Liberty got a whip too so I'm sure Sabrina's numbers could be better as well. Like you said Brianna store had 23 as well and Alicia Gray still hooping as usual. She had 14 and five. Sabrina you took over My favorite. You my favorite player over Kelsey Plum. Okay. Yeah Kelsey and them they sad. Ah yeah Sparks it get well soon.


I'm let her go. Alright man. The mystics took care of Sky yesterday. 79 2 72. Brittany Sykes had 32. She been balling. Angelice had 17 and then, excuse me, 17 to 10 and then Cardosa had 18 to 10. Man Sky getting better. Only got three wins so far. But You know what I'm saying, the Bigs giving a lot more production. They have been Johnson Angelice man. She been putting good games consecutively back together. That's what we wanna see. Sure. She's starting to figure it out are nice too though. They sleep on her. She's, she's a hoop. She gotta bring the turnovers down. I was watching a little bit of this game. She get her turnovers down shit. She be all right. Most definitely man. I think she had like six or seven of 'em man. Night The wings snuck it Outreach yesterday, age 71 man.


The wings is but yeah the wings definitely get well some shout to Paige. They doing this On purpose bro. Oh they're trying to get no more pick again for sure. Juju not even coming out though. Yeah she should stay. I mean she got one more year after that. Yeah it's quiet for that as well. But hey man shout out to Paige Becker. She had 20, Enrique had 19 and six Man shout out to them for getting that dub yesterday and the links took care of the ACEs. 76 to 62. That's what the fever will be playing in a commissioner's cup final. They lucky 'cause shorty hurt. Yeah and V fee. Hopefully she's back in time. They got a couple days off in between time she left the game early. McCourtney Williams settled down with 25 and four. The storm like we said took care of the sparks man. 98 to 67 belt to ass situation for sure.


Shouts to og, scholar digger. She had 15 to seven up. Woman K had 26 and five. Man that's crazy. Get to the ACEs man. It's crazy Scott. A them two, them two for sure. Sparks. Sparks are not the vibes. We thought those seem to be way better if y'all juju, y'all wouldn't just stay in college that whole time though. Yeah, yeah I'm doing every year. Why would you leave her early? I'm doing extra year if I can. Yeah. What she gonna get her endorsements regardless. For sure she got 'em now. She been high athlete before she got there. No I understand that but I'm saying like Angel's still getting her paper. It don't matter. I go to the League. But you can still get that money from the school though. That's extra. That collection money plus your, plus your sponsor, plus sponsor, you still get Trojan for life.


She still probably can get four 500 from the school. Three 50 at max. I mean you making 80 in the league. What was it 80? The rookie year you taking a pay cut. Yeah and by the time she should wait too. Well she gonna wait anyway but hopefully that collective bargaining agreement is a little bit updated by then. So she should get more bread but it ain't gonna be what she can get to USC. I'm staying. She Has to hasn't sit out the whole year this year. I would imagine she would probably. Okay. Probably her best interest to it. No point of rushing back for sure. Alright man in the NLB. Let's get to it. Ballers took care of the Phillies yesterday. Eight to three. The Tigers defeated the pirates yesterday. Seven to three. Shout to the Rockies man. Three game win streak. Shout to the boys. This is crazy. These boys and got hot, which is nasty that we're celebrating this. If somebody took the Rockies three games in a row, they up right now.


They, they didn't want a hundred thousand summer vacation paid for for sure. Angel, shout out the Yankees yesterday. Four. Oh man, the blue Jays man. What they did to my diamond bests last night was very disrespectful man. I don't wanna roll this clip but go ahead. Roller clip man. The way we lost in the most Diamondback way possible yesterday man. Yeah Drake at this nasty man roll the Drake, the real Drake back to back. Nasty work. We hitting home runs going back there we go back to back. Yeah we going back. He you okay? Alright. It spiked that mother boom. Not him a walk off back to back home runs back to to back.


Hey, hey. Damn. He choked this game back to back. Choked this game. I had a Diamondbacks I was gonna wear this morning. No that's what's up. Look at my boy dancing back here. That boy going crazy. Did you show? Yeah he lit. Is that a Guerrero Junior? Look at it. The Guro family Boy y'all in sports Lit. Y'all at every sport is crazy by the way. The real Eddie Gura. Yeah man. You're welcome to us man. We took a L yesterday man. Still nasty work. But let's get through these scores as well. Man. The rest took care of the twins. Six to five. The Braves took care of the mess. Five. The four. Good win for the Braves mess Been going crazy this year.


Orio secure the race. Five to one belt a ass situation yesterday the Cardinals beat the sleeves off the White Sox. 12 to two. I wore my hat 'cause of rrp them damn nasty work. The Royals took care of the ranger. Six to one The Cubs beat The brewers. Just say five to three man. Another walk off. Boy, I can't imagine that feeling. Boom. Well when you a pitcher you hear that lost the game but it's so many games you probably just walk off the field and like up. See you In The Morning. Oh yeah. They just like, oh well smack that joint out the park that that's kind of embarrassing though. I walk off Homer. That's nasty work man. Nasty work.


Alright man. The mayors took care of the Red Sox in a shutout belt of ass situation. Eight to zero. The guardians took care of the Giants three to two, the Astros, another belt of ass situation against the athletics. 13 to three And the Dodgers took care of the Padres. Eight to six Verified Buckets. Behead, who was getting to it yesterday? Man, Y'all got her on the list. Caitlin Clark. Oh they don't got the real CCC up There. Three. Yeah, they tweaking Y 20 ball last night and the fever. Got the dub. Shout out to the organization man. Fever up For sure. Alright, T, who you got my favorite player? Sabrina. She back. You know what I mean? They hating on us. They saying you ain't the best in the league, but I know the real. Okay, you should be in the MVP race, which Y 10 and one 11 and one, something like that.


Shout out to her for sure. 34 7 and five Mo. Who you got? Shout out to Florida Panthers. Man, they going three P Bag to they. Look, I just left Florida bro. It is Panther stuff everywhere. That's how Indy should look right now, bro. Should be pacing stuff everywhere. Shout out to the Panthers man. Damn man. Shout out to the Panthers. Back to back. Hard work to do for sure. Nick and Wi K went crazy yesterday with 26 and last, but certainly not least. Brittany Sykes hooped out for the mystics yesterday with 32 N five. Man.


One more time for Boost Mobile. Me. You know the vibes. 99. 99. Tap in. Get you a brand new iPhone 1548. Make a pixel camera and where they at TE with it. It's 5G Nationwide. You know the vibes. Tap in man one time for Boost Mobile. We appreciate y'all. We will see y'all next week. Go Pacers. We'll be back five 20 In The Morning. The volume


Some stands for. So others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington, dc


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen. And that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one miss enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people. Liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say. Do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC. This is an iHeart podcast.