
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in-network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I Get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It is kind of star studded a little bit. Man, We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to it. It Makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen To new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


The volume. Good morning, happy Thursday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Listen, You know who it is. You know who we be. You know who we here for? Around the fucking clip. Shout to Madison Square Garden. Who was quiet as shit last night Mo? I didn't hear a pin dropping that bitch last night got real spooky in there. Woo. You heard a key jingly. Go the fuck home last night. Wrote a clip. Yeah, there. Point lead for the Next one. This is not the clip. We'll take that. No, no, no. So no, we gotta start orders. We not going here first. This is too good. Start with my nigga Knee Smith. The reason why we got back in this game. Yeah. We are not gonna disrespect his contributions in the fourth quarter. Ka. Yeah. How y'all, You know what it is? Oh Bro.


Yeah. OG again. My nigga Turned in Into Ray Allen. What was that? Oh, OG again. He's looking. Oh my god. Tear OGs. Who was that? Jaylin. Get the fuck up. Come here. Oh, excuse me. Come here. The defensive player up. Fuck outta here Cat. Yeah, That shit. I ain't gonna lie. Look good. Another one. He don't see nobody. We gonna watch it again. Come here og. Oh yeah, I see OG Ke one time I won. What we doing? Oh you went under OG again? Stupid. He was frying OG, bro. Oh you dropping again? Stupid. And this is just Oh, MHA Bridges. What you doing? That's a fake screen. You ain't even get through that cat. Fuck outta here. It's all led to the greatest play.


Yeah, if you were a Knicks fan, cover your fucking ears. Yeah. What was that? That's the, the quiet line shit. Shit Now that's that Kevin Durant. That's who? That's who we are. We The Raptors bro. Fuck it. Getting disrespectful in the garden. Yeah, I love it. Told you I wanted Mitch Robinson on the court for shit like that On some real shit. That shit have just been game. That should have left. That be game harder than The shot clock, bro. Bro. If anybody was real bro, they left. They be a three bro. Yeah, that could have been one of the craziest walk off shots in NBA in history.


Nah, for real. Kick story moment guard last night bro. Yeah, build a statue right now. Fuck it. Why not? I ain't gonna lie. Tyrese been hooping but that shit was light. Give him a statue man. Yeah we, we all like his energy. Hey the Pace had a great comeback yesterday. Historic in the playoffs. OT thriller 1 38 to 1 35. You know what time it is? The clutch player of the year. Tyrese Haliburton had 31, 11 and four went crazy. Aren needs Smith won the greatest performance in playoff history. 20 points in the fourth quarter, six may threes. You know the fucking vibes. See Yaka boy I had some tweets in the draft for you game, but you still have 17, not quite 20. Jalen Brunson went insane yesterday with 43 and five in limited minutes as well. And Kat had 35 and 12.


The Knicks led this game by 14 with 2 45 left in the game. 994 And what one now because they lost yesterday. Choke artists up in the garden. What happened last time we played game seven? We beat 'em. Come on. Didn't matter Game one got them the fuck outta here yesterday. That was a good game. Yeah. One of the best games this season. Historic Game. Aren is not doing that again. I Don't not not now. You beat up right now. We talking right now. Let this nigga go talk to Jay Mill. Don't talk to Joe. That shit don't talk to Mace nigga. Yeah Talk to Mac nigga. You play outta your body and I rock with shit. But I swear to God it is over for that shit. It's over for that shit. We only Need him to do it one time.


He did what he was supposed to do one time. He's don't gotta do that shit Again. Shout out to my nigga Kat Ne. Man. We, we fumbled that though. No Knicks blew Game Game Roo. The Knicks blew the game. They, they blew the game. But we won the game bro. We took that game. We took that game. Yeah. Walking in your track. I ain't seen no trash bass getting Thrown bro. The B Dubs button what's hit bro, yesterday We made big timely shots bro. All right. Break the game down man. Man, yesterday was a crazy game. Let's just start with the first half man. First half was crazy. Basketball, high scoring Pacers came out very strong in that first quarter. The Knicks would play really well. The whole entire first half. Kat got off to a crazy start. Mo Turner got off to a crazy start.


It was some good bump for the first half for sure. Great game Bro. Mouse said his first five shots. I'm like okay he they turned up in this motherfucker. He Ain't ducking that cat fade. He is bro. He not ducking it. Kat got killed but he, he right there too nigga. He ain't Ducking the fade. He right where He was killing too bro. He had a good game. Miles turning. He holding. They both contributed very, very well in the first time. He's holding it down bro. That's why Miles gotta get a max deal. We win Chip bro. Get get everybody whatever the fuck they nah he Lose. Even if they lose. We don't care. Give give Miles 200, 200 L Hey, hey we gotta win for that bro. You gotta get it done for 200. Don't, don't come fucking up the vibe. Y'all can't find a better center than Miles Turner. And that has been the case for the last seven years for everybody who's putting Miles Turner in Trey room every year.


I'm all saying cool. So we go get and that's why he still on our team, thank the Lord. Because every year they try to trade miles. I'm like wow what are we gonna get back? Nothing. Kat do like that matchup though. Well hey listen, he real aggressive against Miles. Kat had 35 yesterday. I'm gonna say he was very, very comfortable with that matchup also a little bit unfair than Miles. Man. Mr. Robinson came yesterday and was just going insane. We had nothing to counter that. He a bully bro. He be pushing niggas out the way. That's Why every a prayer in Eastman give y'all 20 a night. For real. That nigga said Biggie, Diddy, whoever What? What'd he say? New York City, biggie five New York City. Biggie Diddy, pe, Fox watch your last name.


Don't put that next to my team. We don't need any of that. And they play. You can hate me now. Last night during the game, that's what I knew they was gonna lose OG Soul. Oh right. Zay Zay Black Soul OG so bad blew a tire. Miss Free Throws. Yeah they have him too many donuts. Damn bro. He looked tired bro. Nah he can't play that fast. Nah, he don't like that bro. Fuck That. Nah fuck that Telling you bro. The Pace they smoke that shit. The pace Is different Bro. The Miss Free throws hurt us bro. They was tired, detrimental. They paid six people. I don't want to hear all that chirping. Knicks is hurting. I know for certain Pacers and five. Alexander Smith shout to you. That boy was thinking about that all night. That's a chat GPT boy. But go crazy by boy. Shout out to him bro.


Pace is in five. Nah man, Nixon in five. That was a good win for y'all man. Good win. I mean outside of Theas, that was was really a really entertaining playoff game yesterday. I don't think anybody thought that that game was gonna end the away that it ended of yesterday. Especially the way it started. 'cause the first half was totally different. The second half. It actually wasn't a really fire game. The Knicks was beating they ass. They just in two make was I'm saying. Yeah. So fire game. I'm saying like it wasn't a good game. The Knicks was winning the game. It was up 14 with two minutes ago. They just blew the game at that point. Yeah, it turned into So it was a fire, it was a impressive comeback. Like amazing comeback. But it wasn't really a, the first half was, it was good. It wasn't really a fire. The first half was good basketball, it was a was killing.


It was a boring game. Like it wasn't a boring game until the Pacers started being trash at the beginning of the fourth. Oh my God. It was at a three point game fourth. It got boring at one point. Yeah. And then it got, most of the game was fucked. It was. You was like man that shit boring. They up 14 nigga funny. And then two minutes ago some excitement came back. I turned the TV off. I ain't gonna love to lot of Y niggas. Two minutes ago I turned that shit off. A lot of people did. I was like, I seen niggas going to the gas station. Yeah. Yeah. I had turned, I saw the tweets. I had turned it off and my timeline changed real quick. All my New York niggas hit my phone talking crazy. Yeah, stay put just a little bit. Yeah, but it wasn't, it is just too bad teams to watch for me.


I'm gonna go watch. Oh we gonna go through Super Chat. I'm watch okc. Get this nigga outta here this morning. I'm gonna watch okc. I wanna hear that shit. I like to watch Real Some real talent out there. Okc. Get outta here nigga N Fuck yeah. Talk about why he so quiet. Fuck that. I don't even know. That was the main topic. Shay gives Alexander run. MVP. Why? Fuck on. Don't give fuck. Why the fuck we talk about the pastry India shit. Talking about that. Why the fuck are the best store come back and I forgot he won that shit. Why the fuck the fuck are we talking about Three weeks? Fucking sad ass Pacers. They got a fucking lucky charm under of they shoes and shit.


Yeah. Yeah. Last shot was crazy bro. The shot Reese bro went over the shot cloud. Oh man, that's dope. It's a lot of luck in this motherfucker. That's all you need to win back. I ain't gonna lie though. The Pacer's been hooping and it is gonna be a sad fucking story. Okay, see Sweep. These niggas hate it bro. This nigga hate. I do not want the Pacers to win at all. Clip it up this nigga. I, this is why we do not want the Pacers to make it to the championship. I do not want to win the championship documentaries now. I don't want, I don't want, don't want nothing good for the Pacers. Y'all go to Netflix Run. I don't want nothing good for the Pacers. Y'all heard it here at first. Hey You know it's crazy. You know what I'm saying? They got Tyrese for the Netflix show.


This is going eight block. Hey nah for sure going to the Fox. Hey talk about the real MVP. I don't give a fuck about no Pacers. Yeah. Later in the show. Let's talk about SGA. The MVP is Aren Nesmith. I ain't never seen SGA do that ever. You a lie. Not that he ain't never hit. Yeah you right. They ain't six in a row for game down 14. I ain't seen that. Seen Y'all better stop acting new. But you ain't seen, We're never comparing Smith to Shay. Nah, we not. Let's get some shit clear. Did you tell a lie? We ain't lying bro. You've never seen Shay do that. Shay don't even shoot through. I don't, I don't want hear none of you Indianapolis Pacer fans and A lot of y'all niggas is new.


Fuck it. Nobody likes the Pacers. That's from nobody. If you from Indianapolis, nobody likes the Pacers bro. No nigga. No nigga from hey if you from the inner city, nobody liked the Pacers growing up. Nobody had didn't tell us Tom to like him. Nobody had a Reggie Miller jersey. Yeah, I I want niggas to stop. Stop Bro. All this bullshit cap all that. No bro. The real fans I'm fucking with Y'all shit. Nobody like Rick Smith, none of them fuck Shit because y'all know I don't give a fuck about the east side but Nixon five. I'm just telling I ain't gonna start being a fake fan. I never grew up a Pacer fan. Even when I got traded here I was like I never face fan anytime the first time. But I do wanna play at home bro.


Hell bro. I never go with the Knicks bro. Yeah I've never like I never ride with the coats. I'm riding RPA rest in peace Jim. Yeah, rest in peace. Shout out to him. We did it for Jim yesterday. Playoffs I, we did it for Jim and John. Free John. They had my boy in the bar. Real. Hey lift the band Your daddy now I know y'all be tapped on. Stay outta Applebee's on this black side. Start hosting them parties bro. At Culture For real. Your daddy, it's only one. It's only more one real party at Culture. Yeah. Keep that brothers. You know where the white people can cut up and Shit. Yeah. Go to fucking John Hall. We had Coach Next game. It's on me Nasty.


Pull up John Hall, take your ass to kills. Start selling them tables nigga. Picture a beer nigga for $400 a table. Damn. That's all they drinking that motherfucker anyway. What did chat say man? Why this room so quiet? I don't think my boy Wills the only one talking. Yeah, Brian talk so quiet. There's no way he paying attention bro. I swear to guys you don't like the Pacers. Shut up then. Bradley. Simple chat y got the best sport show hands down to bring the sports culture and friendship is top tier. But how did the Knicks bounce back after game one? Shout out to you. Catch us later in the show. Yeah, we'll talk about that a little bit later. Money D 96.


Instant Karma for Knicks. Fans win with class and stopped doing trash. I like, I like that. Damn. Okay. Talking shit then that. I appreciate that one John boy Mick, DJ Mo we here, we up. Yeah it's up. We really can't believe Nick didn't close but bump it. What? Oh yeah. Damn Zak. You know that Eat your words like your 20 feet sleeve. See that's light and that's light. Oh Yeah. That's three minutes nigga. I'm back at it. Adon Smith said Nie Smith definitely took some of that white pattern action like that again. The most Nicks way to lose.


Yes. And you deserve it. Love that for you. Midnight Pitman said y'all get ready to be in another Haliburton video. Yep. Fuck it. My voice on that motherfucker. I'm Yeah, matter of fact they Clip that on TikTok too. Get this cease to Job. Yeah. Big Nap Township. Yeah. Mr. Overrated lit and unholy pack last night. Yeah. Boy that Knicks pack was stinky last night. Yes sir. Man, I swear to God bro, none, none of these niggas are fucking Pacer fans. Yes bro. We, yes we are. I've never seen any you niggas at the game when I was court side, I didn't see y'all nigga when I played here I didn't see y'all.


You niggas it was Different times. It was dark when you was here. Y'all Didn't had the vibe bro. Y'all rode the vibes. The vibes back. You right. We had too many, we had too many black people. Nah for sure. Damn man. That's what's up though man. Shout out to them Pacers. They got the dub but You know that's, that's the last one of this year. Y'all had a good season though, Mo. On everything. It is looking. Excuse me. Fire season Pacers in five bro. What you mean? Yeah, we, we, we in right where we supposed to be sir. Oh. Jalen Brunson had 40 and Ka had 35 and we won bro. Yeah. And the Pacers did not play well straight outside of, of Nie Smith going crazy Ty. That's what you worried bro. Nobody else played good. Them hard showed up in OT like we needed him to but he did not play well. He didn't play good.


The Knicks gone Gave y'all 30 bro. He bro have To do that. Other people gonna play better. That was a big, hey I ain't gonna lie. That's a big moment for Aren East. I know, I joke all the time but redo his deal. Yeah, he was one of my teammates in Boston. And to see him playing like that and having these moments, I'm, I'm really happy for him though. Oh God for sure. Nah, most of you. No you always smoke very hot. So his work ethic for sure man. Yeah we'll get back to that a little bit later in the show. But like you said, shout out to SGA officially getting the A VP. Well deserved my boy. Well deserved. Yeah. Had a hell of a season last year. Everybody felt like he should have got it. Didn't get it. He bounced back this year and played even better Respect his game. His speech was fired as well too. Man. Shout on his family and shit like that.


I'll respect that man. You know everybody get up there. That's where everybody start crying when they get MVP. But respect the SGA man. He definitely deserves it. Did he cry? Oh yeah he cried. Let's go to the last MVPs in the last couple years. Oh. I would never cry if I got MVP. Damn. I would go up there and be like, shout out to the hood, shout to the subject. That's why God put me in a different room. I'm like about time motherfuckers Get the shit like as Night. I swear God. I would say that. I was like I I had wrote this last year but that's what I would've said. I had wrote this last year, y'all on some hate dash shit. Yeah I wrote this last year but shout out to my family. My girl, I just blame shit my pops my momma and You know what I mean?


We just trying to win a chip right now so I ain't even tripping off this award. Shout to the game date next year too. Shit. Back out that bullshit. Let's look at this list. This is crazy. I think the last American MVP was James Harden. 18. Yeah man. Four. That's crazy. This is a hell of a list. You got SGA obviously yolk B Yolk two times in a row. Giannis times in a row. Man Kobe only got it once. Did he? Yeah. Kobe got cheated. Kobe shoulda got another MVP one of Steve National. Steve Na Yachty that him nigga guy at my boy Carl Malone. Kevin Garnet motherfucker MVP year was crazy. Yeah he was whooping shit. That T Wolf team was insane with Sam Ell spree.


Will David Robinson VP super valid. People forget Chuck got MVP. No Chuck was raw. Six four. Yeah we know he got it. That's David Berg got MVP three years in a row and probably deserved it. Damn. Look at Mike. They looking for that again. They was trying to hope with that's why they did that shit with Steven ass. Mm Was trying to bring it back. If Street N should got three PMVP bro we would've burn the league bro. There's no way he gonna play in our face. Three years in a row like that. That's a fire list. Yeah. Shout out to all the MVPs. The Hall of Famers. Shout out to Derrick Groves. Yeah he on there. You know the vibes man. SJ Y'all think he got the best chance to repeat what the MVP?


Yeah. Nah, it's over. His time is run. Damn. They ain't. It is. You know how it is bro. Supposed to get it. Last year he got year and they, they low key didn't want to give it to him this year. You got long they weight. Mm Yeah they gonna do it away with Him. Yeah they he, he gonna have the numbers but he ain't get it. Get that. Yeah get that money though. SGA So all hypothetical. If he comes back next year they have a phenomenal season. Maybe they win 60, maybe they be 55, 56 maybe top couple seeds. He killing the again leading league scoring. You don't think he'll get it? You know how they, you see how they already Yeah. If it's any way they can give to somebody else. Yeah. You see how they already fucking with him. Oh he's a fo merchant. Oh my god. This the only way he scores is free throws and all.


They not even excited that he's the MVP. Right. Or that he's killing. It's like because they go to what Jeff said about he kind of boring bro. Yeah. Like nah we want somebody more lit. Yeah. Or like yoic you gotta give it to him 'cause he's so good. But Yoic you, you like Yoic because he's like the, the average man, he's fat. He don't and then he don't give a fuck. He like ah that one MVP who catch, I'm ready to go home. I'm about to drink beers. Everybody like oh but You know he care about winning the MVP. Yeah. But he's so smooth and cool and chill. Like for the vibes as a, like a youngster watching him, you be like man, SGA smooth, he cool, he be fresh and shit. But as like a viewer, you like the older like most people that watch the game, they like, he boring.


You know what I mean? I'm just glad. Hopefully my boy can, You know what I mean? Get his chip MVP chip too. Yeah. I mean if he do all that he gonna have a crazy run. I, I'm a fan, he ain't gonna care. But it's, he like the same thing as like kind of like Jason Tatum. You know how they give JT that same kind of like they don't do nothing wrong. Yeah. But they, You know what I mean? It just kind of boring. They go about their life, which is how shit. And that's how I feel like you should, that's how you was brought up to be. Yeah. Play basketball, you supposed to be like that. But yeah. So everybody watching, they're doing exactly what they're supposed to do. Yeah. We just love controversy. Yeah. They not doing nothing wrong but Steph like even when Steph was MVP, like he don't do anything wrong but he give you shit Paul, like he, he dancing crazy shot his personality on the court.


Yeah. His personality on the court. He dancing hitting crazy shots. He running around, he putting people to sleep and shit like Yeah it's exciting. Like same thing with Ja ja throwing bombs. He dunking, they would've loved to see Ja Marin stay out of trouble and BMBK. Oh god bro. They would've loved It was Was gonna be everything ae that was supposed to be Ja bro. Yeah. All they, they would've loved it with the dope part about this is, You know what I'm saying? Next summer SJ will be eligible for a five year, 380 million extension. Oh he getting that because of this big if you pay he every bit of that bro. Yeah the rings sound great but I'll take that three 80. Yeah he getting that. Yeah He a a Thunder bowl forever. Yeah. Nothing you can talk about That's quiet.


Three 80. I'm not going nowhere bro. Can't go ahead and get half of un what's the boy champagne poppy. Y'all might as well just take over half of Canada. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Just run it up. Get houses by each other. No obviously just hypothetical. Starting to get a champ this year. Where does he rank all time in the organization? Number one Uno. Okay. Uno. He got a chip. Big boss hog. Yeah for sure. I surprised Ru That too. I mean shit that's the Oklahoma City Thunder bro. Why? Shit. Kawa is the best Raptor ev Facts To the best. Yeah. DeMarr had a crazy run, you feel me?


Elite Career. He was winning this chip in the small market bro. He winning a chip bro. He number one Russ two kd, three Giannis or Oscar Robertson, Giannis Giannis bro. Okay come on bro. Shout to the crib. But I don't believe in all that O see told you niggas don't really ride for the cri. Nah, that's too old bro. I never even seen told y Oscar Robinson didn't even wear Pace uniform. I never seen him play. He played for the books. He the ops. That nigga barely say he from Indianapolis. That nigga starts saying he from Cincinnati league bro. When he's getting a rebound, I'm nothing bro. I can't support that type of shit. Shout out the OR Or Is Crazy or Oh y'all fry man.


But obviously we know tonight Game two what's going on be here. Both your teams back at it again. Yeah man. Varsity side of the NA playoffs. That's a fact. I know y'all fucking lying but continue. That's a fact. I'm a little torn, you feel me? Shout out to the JV game yesterday bro. We put in respect on it but this is the real series over here. Yeah I don't about watch that shit. I don't know bro. I think and go for 40 tonight. Okay. Or try to. Alright Tee for the Wolves winner tonight. What they gotta do? They gotta figure out a way to keep SJ off the free throw line. They gotta play without fouling. Make him make tough tools. He he score enough anyway but put him on the free throw line obviously it's getting y'all in foul trouble and when he get going from the free throw line, all of a sudden he start making everything.


Yeah. So try to keep him off the free throw line play without Fallon. And then they bench gotta make some shots. Somebody on the bench gotta step up it Vin Chin. Who if it is Alexander Walker, somebody gotta have a moment off the bench. Yeah they need Aren knee Smith moment tonight. Yeah. Na re yeah somebody gotta step up off the bat. Na definitely gotta hit a couple shots too. Move for KC to get the win tonight. What they gotta do? Same thing they did last game. Jalen Williams keep being aggressive. We know what Sha going to do. Keep getting to the line. Keep scoring. Check, check. Gotta like be here Said check gotta show up. If he gets 16 they they not gonna lose bro. Yeah And I like shit. I like what Caruso doing bro.


He been a vital piece so we keep him on Randall. Keep that slow. We'll be all right. I just, I think Julius Randall if Caruso is my matchup Gotta post him up bro. He gonna kill him tonight Bro. If he go post him up he stops shooting threes. Yeah he gotta post 'em up. But I think he gonna make an adjustment for sure. He gotta know that's green light if he on me. So because all they going to do, if he try to take him off the dribble he can guard that shit. Yeah. And then they going to clog the paint and hope the other people keep missing like they been doing. Yeah. Yeah. To your point T. Yeah somebody on the Silver War not named a is gonna have to get some bucks tonight. Yeah Nas re has to show up. Did not show up last game. Rudy even bro we need some type. That front court is a hell of a beast right there for Okay so you gotta put some type of pressure on them.


Yeah. Yeah. One for three will not cut it but ae he gotta kill tonight. Most definitely. 18 points was not enough. He has to kill it. Start with him bro. Yeah. Okay. Set the tone. That should be a good game bar. Where y'all going? I I don't know. I like OKC tonight. I Do too. Okay. I'm I'm gonna take the Wolves tonight. Rolling. I think they going to spoil SGA You know ceremony. Yeah they gonna, You know, announcing me as the MVP at the front of the crowd. Think they'll ruin it tonight. It's just impossible to guard him bro. You can't touch him bro. Like they don't even be fouling him sometimes bro. A couple of times Smoke. I'll give you that like It was spooky bro. I'm like damn who got a better whistle? Him or Jaylen bro.


It's about the same bro. Jalen Brushing bro. It's about the same bro. You can't touch Didn't think he was, y'all didn't think Shay was gonna get that whistle in the Playoffs? I didn't bro. That first half he didn't and then he got the second half. I'm just saying the playoffs period nigga start after the season was gonna be quiet for that Whistle. Hey man Jalen, I seen Jalen Brunson put his shoulders to somebody's stomach yesterday and call for F It is crazy bro. It's hard to guard somebody if you can't touch 'em at all bro. And they throw they shoulder real chest bro. That is crazy man. You got the full advantage you could run run at me full speed hit me see and I just gotta like what can I do? Y'all picking sides bro. 'cause if it was on the other, if it was on the other side y'all I'd be, I would say the same thing. Y'all say it is Basketball. Nah, I would say the same thing. I'd be like bro I'm just better than you at what this is bro.


It's in, it is in the bylaws but it's nasty work. I'm just saying if Tyrese was doing that shit bro y'all Would, I would, I would not doing that. I would be like that some bullshit bro. I would bro. Y'all niggas, I don't like watching that shit bro. That's fine bro. What you watching you about? Shit all foul. Shit. We winning. Shit. We winning. Nah, I would say we winning but I, I wouldn't like that shit. Y'all taking away it from niggas games and I think it's an art to it. It is, it is to it. I I I respect it 'cause I was a foul guy. I I actually try to do that Iactually try to bake people shit in open gym. I like nigga ain't no reps here bro. He can see him doing that shit. I'm like hell quit foul. He do that shit bro. We your arm. This nigga's making me foul him. What you grew up doing Defensive slides bro.


Dude your defensive slides bro. Bro you basketball is contact sport for you can touch people. Get your arm off me. People stretch your arms out slim You get killed bro. Niggas too good for that shit bro. I gotta hit you A little bit. So see coaches all you a you coaches stop having y'all kids in these weak ass drills because I haven't seen a nigga play defense like this since Rod Artes. Yeah and he didn't play like that. He hitting niggas for sure. But you gotta be physical on defense bro. Respect. Okay, That's true. That is hilarious man. Shouts to the foul merchants.


Listen the NBA finals are almost here and every play could lead up to the moment that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the Draft King sports book and official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that code Club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's Code Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See DK g dot coast slash audio.


So we all made mistakes right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do but we all know degree. Cool Rush is deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's Sspa CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


History's masterpieces wouldn't be the same without their most notable accents. Neither with a Kia Sportage without its multiple drive logs. The Kia Sorento without its expansive. 12.3 inch panoramic display. Or the Kia Telluride without its three rows of spacious seating. The 2025 Kia SUVs Kia movement that inspires Call 803 3 3 for Kia for details always drive safely. Limited inventory available


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify The thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast. Focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Sorry man W had some scores yesterday. Links took care of the wings. 85 to 81. Professor Collie starting year off Strong. She had 28 and eight. Paige Buckers had 12 and 10. Enrique had 21 to five. Boy they saying Enrique is about to shoot her way out of Dallas. She is not getting no assist right now. Nah. Get a bucket. Yeah. Free to real this I think they gonna start with PB let her take over the franchise because she is shooting like she not want be there at all. The Mercury took care of the Sparks yesterday. 89 to 86. Kelsey Plum had 25 and six. Your favorite girl from Dallas moved over to Phoenix Ali. Yeah he rock right Heavy. She showed up yesterday 25 and Five. Yes. I still need a jersey. I still need a Jersey.


Ali. Yeah, she's one of the ones for sure. Rie got they first dub against the mystics yesterday. 76 and 74. Brittany Sykes crazy with 30 and five and Veronica Burton of the ACEs head 22 and nine. Alright man, my favorite player man. Kelsey Plum. Hey Kelsey Plum. That's my favorite girl. Hooper. Kelsey Plums a dog number one ain't she ain't like ugly Dr. Kelsey. You know like That's DJ gets Her loves her. She ain't like and and she a dog though. Yeah. Yeah. She hope dog. She ain't ugly for sure. She probably, she probably the prettiest girl Hooper. She's definitely up there for sure. Shout out to her.


Her Skylar. Shout to Skylar South Beings finest. I'm Rolling with Sat Ali. I gonna say yeah Sat too pretty. Yeah I'm rolling. She cool. I don't really judge them women like that bro. 'cause I don't be knowing. You know a lot of 'em got Think you Can still be pretty if you got a wife And husbands and shit, Let's move on. So we don't drink the five women's basketball Anymore. Look, see, look here. When I be trying to get him to be open, he don't wanna, huh? You Can still say somebody pretty. We ain't say damn I wanna take her down. Said she was pretty like Look again, Why you looking go to the real wrestle this year. Teague versus USOs be here and Paul Hayman cutting promos.


Let's go. No for Sure. Shout out to that. Shout Out to Paul Hayman. Would you like be here for your major productive? Hell nah. You already got me drafted. I'm the real rich Paul. Shout out to the clutch. Oprah Ru de Hopkins said who said Haliburton wasn't a superstar. A lot of people said that but he's playing his way into they tear for show. Shout out to my dog. That man in the super chat said we are here now. I'm Finn to rock the crowd. It's about to go down. Patience at five. Shout the ing jerk. I hope you're not This fans boy. Boy y'all coming out the woodwork. We've been doing this show a long time. Y'all stepping in this chat about them Pacers man they gave us something to cheer about bro.


Okay, rich Respect. Yeah. Sit together. Vibes again. Kumi Cobain said Brunson gonna deliver Pacers in the Swisher. Hold you take the picture. He said father. Yeah I like that. That's a bar. Yeah. Get out here with that bullshit. Haku. He definitely from New York. Most definitely. Alright man. The game yesterday. As far as playoff memories between the Knicks and the Pacers, where would y'all rank that? I mean we had some crazy moments. Obviously the Reggie is gonna always be Supreme. Nah, that's up there bro. That's up. But is that up there? Is that for our age group? Yeah that's our Reggie moment. Yeah that was fire bro. That was fire. That shit wasn't nowhere near Reggie Miller. Man. Yeah it was bro. Hell nah was kind of the same thing. I can't hate bro, bro.


Nah man I can't hate bro. Hell nah. That was a vibe bro. That nigga even threw the choke on at the right time man. Fuck outta here. He thought he did. Yeah he choke too early. Pause That wild. Still she out. Here's some more room to grow man. Shout re man. No that was a you got, you can't head on that moment. T that moment Is I'm gonna head on anything Pacers man. For New York. For the New York and Pacers like are youth that that's up there. That's up there bro.


The dope. That shit the Spike Lee bro. He to Reggie Miller bro. Yeah bro. Gotta go to Spike bro. Sees what I'm saying. He don't even know how I get hype. Right. Why you gonna send Reggie they choke? You gotta tell I would've went pointed that fat joke my mama. He fuck outta pussy. Nah New York volume. Let me find out them volume seats. Cough. Cough. Oh my god. Lemme find out y'all got garden money and Burg better be affordable. I don't got that money. No they gonna find it. Ain't no black one go no fucking courtside Pacer game nigga. You gonna be over there looking at some cowboy boots on some shit. What the fuck? Everybody gonna be fresh on the court side. It's gonna be hype too. Fucking fuck. Really That shit about to go nuts. Hey Kevin Pri Jr.


That shit about to go nuts. Can't wait nigga. Hey court side. I've been fighting for your ticket for the last 24 hours and here you go. Fucking it up in one. Listen, be blocking this show. Listen. Make it happen dj. I'm trying to sitting there that fucking court course they gonna be so ass. They gonna go pass or they gonna be a fucking 8,500 driver or some shit. Fuck all. Fuck everybody else. They got fucking, they got fucking fucking star studded models. I get you say shit To me no more. See game we ain't going to no game. Look they got models. Kim Kardashian, fat Joe, Larry David and fucking Ben Steeler get some old ass Broer.


Steeler is a Legend. He is a legend. Legend not gonna let DJ do that. They got the better audience. Alright so but who court side? They got the better audience. Who's gonna be COR side? Connor Daley Look they gonna have Connor Daley dj, DJ Connor gonna over there. They Pat McAfee pull up. Pat got a sweep bro. He like a sit court side. Dale Davis is gonna Nap Nigga. It's a big ass difference. Yeah, nah for sure. It's a big Ass difference. Aint be man they got lt, we got Zaire court side Bro.


Got your LT was They got E, they got Eli Band. Hey did y'all see that LT in Mike Urban conversation? Oh shit They got Meow Sw Me fucking It was, it was a star study. Obvious for sure. I dunno if Kim Ks walking through, We got former NBA players Carlo, Anthony and j Smith, Former NBA players even Wal Frank Bro. Shit about to be as man do not show Start your engines man.


Get the fuck outta here. My Nigga Haywood working when people pull up too. He's a ref. He has to work the real work. They got it. Nah but I'm talking shit. But hopefully You know we got some of our senators and the mayor probably the court side please tickets man. Mayor. I know our shit don't cost as much as the garden. The mayor probably be courtside no mayor Companies was just like, it's cheaper for us to fly to Indy, get a hotel for a couple of nights, get tickets and go back home than it is when go to the garden. That's crazy. Nah For sure man. You see who's sitting on that woods gonna Cost a lot bro. Man. Most definitely. Who you think? Nah, for real though. Who you think gonna be courtside for us? Charles Oakley said he pulling up 'cause he can't go to the Knick Games. He cannot. So Charles, He ain't getting beat up no more.


So Oak is big. Hey Man, let Oak get back in here like John Haliburton man let's, let's, let's watch both of them out man. Ain get him off his ass. He fuck down. Go to the price of game. Said it ain't, it ain't, it ain't gonna be two star studded. It's gonna be, it's gonna be. This is a for the city moment. This is Modesto. This is a walk up Town. Nobody's coming to see you in Milwaukee like y'all. Of course I see Just like our bro. So nah We got some people. I seen Gucci out there. Huh? Gucci pulled up. I said Mike Fon, he going be of course Mike s said fuck us too. Yeah. Shit. So Mike Sey even gonna be courtside after it became a heart. Took the Allstar from the piss off bro. Damn it's Still out of pocket for that. But respect We gonna get it right. For sure.


I'm trying to think man we don't got nobody Biblical Fox coming back. Oh no thank you. I don't think baby face like basketball. He trying to get out the Diddy allegation. I was just playing. I was just playing allegedly. I say I was joking. What? Say when you just joking. Okay. I was just joking Nigga saying allegedly You don't say allegedly say I'm just joking. I'm just joking. But I swear to God y'all act like what a motherfucker saying allegedly. That just removes everything. No It Court Law you were exemption. Allegedly.


That's a good word. Beat them allegations Real quick. Quick. I you in the streets. That shit dead bro. I, I ain't, I ain't worried about the streets over here. The street. I won't see the streets. I go to Culture. Alright. These shit You know. Alright AAN, Y'all I'm in my bag today. Fuck the Nicks in the person. I ain't gonna lie. Y'all Know while fucking here Katie. Hold that motherfucker. Right talking Tyree celebrate the right way. I celebrate like Tyree don't know what the fuck to do.


Damn. That's why I'm here man. Nah, shout out to the Pacers though. That's my family too over there man. I just be talking shit 'cause I hate DJ be celebrating them so much because I'm really a pacer fan of heart. That's how we, I don't Give a fuck. I wanna go into the game Anyway that could said Nigga. We got eight fucking floor seats. We wanted to go. We wanted to go. No we got eight fucking floor seats for five 20. Jeff Teague would've been there. I would've tell you motherfuckers. Oh that's what's up. Nigga's gonna lose anyway. See I'll go in that bitch and wear a New York jersey Bitch in the club and the bitch say no I'm cool. I'm a weird as fuck you anyway. Ugly bitch ankle bitch.


I was weakest get, I was gonna That when you start twitching her hair, I was Gonna wear that mellow jersey. They invited us. Oh That's nasty. Every bad bitch got a fat. For real bro. Twi Too. No, no bad bitch. White toes, French tips. Whatever He said. Oh man. Alright for the Knicks man. Let stop I I wanna go to the pace of game. I really want to go shit. What the pillow, which clip they see. Yeah somebody edit. Somebody edit that on live. Right. You worry it's edited. Somebody dock that up for me Bro. Y'all don't understand This shit be on TikTok Brom though. 30 minutes after the show Is bro. No, hey five 20 clips on, on TikTok.


You owe us lunch nigga. Facts. Facts. We're not gonna report you but you owe shit sweat. What? Fuck I'm about to report him. Get your ass on Clips. Fine. That Nigga's Eating. Yes, yes. Pay what you weigh. But if you're the niggas though for game two, what do you, if you tell what you going and saying like we blew that game. Just play the same way. I mean we had the game one man we gotta be better down the stretch. Ain't no way in hell we do this in the fourth quarter. Yeah we just giving up open threes. You know what, I had a moment like that against the Chicago Bulls when I was, when I was a second year. That's why Tib signed me and he told me that was gonna come back to haunt them and that might come back to haunt the Knicks. You think they should have switched all them shit? Yeah like why was they not switching bro That didn't make sense or wasn't making 'em drive to the basket.


You know only way they can come back is getting threes. Yeah it's easy switches bro. It's two minutes left. Switch make them drive bro. They probably literally that that game's gonna haunt them. It is. Yeah. The Pacer was gonna win this series because of that game. I swear to God. That's agree. That's I would tell him it was one game. I said no that was an important game. Yeah that that game was gonna haunt them not supposed to let Us. I think Nick's still gonna win but that was a big Game that just fucked some shit up for Nick. And all biases aside, the Pacers really didn't play well. Like we said, Tyrese played very, very well yesterday. Miles showed up in the first half. Other than that we didn't really play that good. We didn't bro. So if, if our role players is gonna play that bad and we sneak a dub when we get to the crib, You know that Gameplays go up. No seriously when y'all get home it's about to They going, they getting both of those at the crib.


The Pacers are? Yeah like I ain't even lie, I I know I joke a lot about the Pacers. They're a really, really good team but at home they're a great team. Yeah like they're unbelievable. Game size go way up GameStop. So I the Knicks, I know they done want some games on the road but they ain't never played a team like the Pacers in this playoff series. When they play at home they vibes is different and I think they gonna wear 'em down bro. Yeah. Going 10 players to seven bro. And we press the whole game bro that at the end of the game they was tired. It is really a really executed playing by Kevin Pritchard and the like the team that they built. Yeah, shout to it was made for the playoffs. Yeah like 'cause they got enough people who can play. They all got confidence and they all have a moment like you just seen Aren East Smith like fuck it, we down, I'm pulling.


It wasn't like, You know obviously Tyrese hit a big shot but it was like shit they believe in Aren. Yeah at that moment. Like fuck it he making, You know what I mean? And that's what you need. Even though they don't got like a super superstar even though Tyrese is a superstar because and these playoffs, he didn't show like you can put the ball in my hand. I'll make plays for us to win the game. Yeah, yeah. They got enough people and enough pieces and they believe in each other enough that at any given moment somebody can have a moment. Yeah these, these are the type of teams you wanna be on though. If I, You know we all can shoot the ball. We all, ain't nobody gotta get the touch every time. Nah they just playing bro. Nah, that I would love to play for the Pacers now. Yeah that would be my team. If I could pick a team to play basketball, I would pick the Pacers. 'cause you get a chance, get a chance.


I would absolutely never pick the next and y'all know who gonna have, I wouldn't either because you gotta watch Jalen Bronson the whole time and then Kat get the rest and nah just kind of been playing. He was playing cool though. Yeah but like they was like Jeff you can go pick a team to play on right now. Who you going? Knicks would be the last one I wouldn't like. Hell nah. Ain't about to. I would not be campaigning. Fuck no. Yeah, no I feel like In your later years you wouldn't be campaigning. Ah yeah, right now. Yeah I'm talking About he was getting some good yesterday Young. You wanna be? Yeah I'm talking Because that's his Position though, like first year in Minnesota. You you not fucking with that at all? Nah, hell nah. I would've went to like, like I go to Memphis like teams like that. Like Ja Morant go out or guys they play Ja Morant with Scotty Pippen and shit like that.


Or like how Tyree play with Nihar. And you, you played with tj, you'll go To the Hornets before you go to the Knicks? Yeah. Opportunity's way better. Yeah. Yeah because You know that, like you said bro, you look at the minutes for that Knicks team bro. We talked about campaign bro. He didn't play 10 minutes, he just, No, when he was in the game he did so much. It was like bro he's playing too long and You never got to And me mug was saying like, bro this nigga Jaylen Bruss in too long here getting this shit off. That's what I'm saying. That nigga only played 10 minutes but it fell longer than that bro. I'm point Yeah you gotta go crazy bro. That's my point nigga. The Campaign got up come seven shots Now that y'all say that. I understand why he was shooting though. Yeah. He like, I'm not gonna play after this bro.


He shot probably he played what, five threes? Yeah, That nigga was he like I gotta try something. Shit, I only got 10 minutes bro. Nah, for sure. And that's a fact playing for Tib bro. The bench niggas got 10 to 12. Yeah nigga, I'm cool. I would never pick the Knicks to play for. So yeah, I feel Kim, fuck it. Get your shots up. Go crazy. But as a, if I'm one of the guys, like if I'm a guy, oh I'll go to Knicks. Hell yeah. If I'm a If you rotation. Yeah. If I'm a top top six player on the Knicks, I'm, I'm Gucci. I feel like being math gonna have a big game that he some point he's due. Well if Rick Payson but that's a different conversation. He dude because he's, dude You know who I'm really a fan of, man, Obie, Toppin facts.


I like o lot Energy bro. I used to think Obie when he played for the Knicks was pretty bummy. And then when he got to the Pacers man I'm like, because I didn't his Yeah I didn't see it man. I'm like why did they pick him bro? He not like a big, he not a wing. But then when I seen him play out with the pace, he was like damn he actually got more skill than I thought. Yeah o's a really good contributor when you just put him in the best place to succeed. Right, because he can shoot the ball. Yes. He can really shoot it and will shoot with no problem. We know he's a superior athlete. Yeah. But he got a little more game than I thought. Like he can Dr. He can dribble a little more. He good in transition. I just think he was a really, really good pick. Y'all can't trade him either. I remember everybody was saying he was, You know, yeah he signed an extension but like yeah we can get rid of o It is a friendly contract but I just think he one of them people you gotta keep around.


Most definitely. Only thing with Obie is his defense where sometimes get real, real iffy. Like he had a play where he shot the three, it got blocked. It's like why'd you even shoot that? And then he catches it. It does the Dr. J lay it like that's OIE topping and the full sample size right there. Yeah. I didn't see him do that. Yeah Bro. He shot it three for no reason and they caught it and then did the crazy lamb. Like that's topic right there. Sure he give it take. But shout to my dog with it. I think if we go to the finals they gonna have to just pay miles. They gonna have to break that apron. Got you can't, y'all can't lose miles. He, I'll tell you, he the formula for y'all team. I agree. But I don't wanna sacrifice nobody else in this situation. Like you said, we don't ever go both pay miles If this team goes to the finals, keep it as his pay miles man. Yeah. I feel like pay him now bro. To be honest.


'cause we can't Who, who, like you said, who we gonna get for? Oh yeah bro. Who gonna replace him? Yeah, you can't. And plus the run your own right now east of conference finals back to back years. You ain't gonna find a shot block center who can shoot threes like that. That's the fact move. And he gel perfectly with everybody on the team. And obviously him and Tyrese got some synergy. They work well together so nah like Kap trying to be in a drop. That shit ain't working bro. That nigga hitting them threes hitting, hitting them mids bro. That shit ain't gonna work. Yeah, that's what got me when he started hitting the mids. 'cause cab was so far back in the drop. I said oh yeah we get money. Kevin was at the rem. I'm like damn he's in a hell of a drop. Most definitely.


So we all made mistakes right, but on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing, it turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bring it back. The OG cool Rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare, you'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code Space 80


Made for this Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser told Them from Lava for Good and the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Alright, super chat C Lee said they gonna come to the arena and hear do or die and twist a culture shock. Who what? In Cleveland? Oh yeah Chicago. Whatcha talking about you say Yeah we ain't playing that here gang. Nah, see Lee again said Ty got the hometown drinking bush light lit. Oshkosh shout to you C Lee. I don't know how to say your name but shout out to you Gang or SGA treated his boy. Just some nice after being announced. Nm VP and one the T. What's it crazy if they got from a Tmac? Yeah. Yeah. Watch. Shout out to SGA bro. He gave him some fire watchers. The rollies. I wish when we got our deal man motherfuckers would've got us some rollies. Rip gave me a silly watch. Shout to Rick Hamilton. Yeah, y'all just talked about that.


Yeah, Bibi gave me a watch too. Yeah, BI got me one. He spent 20, 20,000 on your boy. Damn. He was about 20 mine about 22. Hey man, shout to the real best for sure. Yeah. Jay Millie said how can Nick improve their late game offense outside of Iceland. Brunson be here. We live in the guard tomorrow night on the Gram. Oh yeah bro, tap in my fault. I seen your DM too. I got you. For real. We can do that. Most definitely. How they improve the late game offense. 'cause it is going. The ball will be a Jelly bro's. Hands. That's their offense. That's their offense bro. Clutch player of the year. What they do? The ball's gonna be in his head. I don't even know what other option would be. That's their offense. That's what it's gonna be bro. Most definitely. Alright. Verified Buckets.


Behead. Who's getting to it yesterday? I'm gonna start off man. Aren e Smith man man that you play outta your body. That was a great, great moment for your career. But that shit dead bro. Nah, he, he hooped for sure. Yeah, 30 ball 20 in the fourth, six threes. My boy did it. Oog ain't going no more. I got Kelsey Plum. She had 25. Yeah my fa my favorite player. Shout NW Shout Plum going crazy for show move. Who you got Jalen Bronson? Man, he was hooping last night. 43. He's a real bucket bro. Yeah, most definitely. Four three and 5 1 3 43 And one three pointer made. Oh He be bullying people bro. Yeah bro. He's a bully bro. He posts anybody. Yeah, he's a beast for show Cat hat 35 and 12 yesterday.


But it wasn't a fucking end up. Shout to Tyree Hella Burton Clutch player of the year. 31 11 4 Held it down like he was supposed to. Man. What do you like are, let's be honest, if you had to pick your team right now, do you want Jalen Brunson or Tyree Halla Burton? Tyrese Jalen Bronson just picking it right now though. Honest. I want Jalen Bronson. I ain't gonna lie. Watching the game I I want Tyrese Haliburton, I want Tyrese, I want Jalen Bronson, I want Tyree. He's unstoppable bro. He's that's a fact. I just think Tyrese can dictate the game without scoring and I don't think Jalen can. Yeah, yeah. But the only thing about Tyrese is greatest. He's playing. He will go out there and get eight points bro and fuck like fuck the shit up.


I agree but he's not aggressive. He'd be like God damn he will do that. Jalen Brunson ain't doing that bro. Yeah he not doing that. But so much of our offense. I mean both teams is sent around Tyrese. I mean if they don't have Brunson, they still got capable scores. Like you see he, he went out OG went on a five. Oh run. Tyrese ain't playing bro. Our role players gotta play at a high premium or we are Christmas. That's true. Most definitely not a bad conversation at all. Alright man. Get Well Soon bro. The Clipse let see who need to Get Well Soon. Especially my boy og. I know he, he blew a tire from, he had a good beer last night. Yeah, on the break. What is, oh what the fuck? I thought he was hurt bro.


I did too. I was like damn Like you dunk everything though. That's why I be thinking this shit bullshit bro. Yo Ball slipped out his hand. OG Porter took the under ka threw that bullshit ass hook Sky Hook pass though. Why did he throw it like because he is trying to Be Nah that's Kat bro. That was a good thing. That Was a why would you guys just throw the ball? Nah bro, He threw it all out. Man, just throw the ball Y'all. I do this shit better than Kevin Love bro. Ze the ass outlet Kevin Love can't do that bro. No disrespect. Kevin Love, that'd been two points of Kevin Love full court chest pass for sure He didn't write the number. What worse this or this?


No og. OG bro. He missed the dunk The way Bro. He didn't have to do all that bro. He could have but Always do that bro. Nigga put it between his legs in the game. Swear to God he would've did it right there had, You know what's crazy, he he'll miss it through those legs. He be like yeah no we were down ain we needed that. We need all this shit bro. Don't be playing like that Obie but you may up for it should have been the end one end of the game too. Mikhail Bridges slapped the shit outta him. Oh God. Oh yeah the foul merchant Hit him in the hood. He made, he made him Bro. Look at this. Why are you moving my arm bro?


Bro I didn't see that bro. No look, rewind this show you right there. Look he push his arm up. Well this motherfucker looked like first 48. Yeah I didn't know we had V Hs nigga big as fuck nigga. That nigga like a little pit bull. Man that motherfucker braids is crazy. That's a new trick now when niggas losing their hairline, they getting these STGs. I fuck with it. The foul merchant himself. Hey I thought yesterday's basketball club was crazy. I found the the PF the BFC. Excuse me. What's this? It's like hockey.


He was like man you fouling too much. Put the gloves on bro. Fuck it. You fouling too much. I won't smoke. Shout to BFC. I don't know. You sure it taste that League RB here. You got a light for him today?


Yeah man You know the crown is always yours and never hers today. Anthony Edwards 25 points. Jaylen Williams, 20 points. Julius Randall will get 25 and Shay will get 30. This is a big one. Y'all a thousand dollars. Y'all $20,000 today. Okay. 20 G's up. 20 Gs for a thousand dollars. Oh that crazy. It's a big one. I know i's just, Well listen, if you hit for the 20 Gs I'm be here Par that you can definitely afford Boost Mobile Baby $25 Unlimit a month. Text Talk or Deta. Where they at? Teague at 5G Network. Nationwide. That's what they said. Yeah. Nationwide. Tap in my name. Spend millions on this network. Millions for all across the country, man. 5G Network. Top tier $25 a month. Yo. If you got a high school kid, yo and you need a new phone tap in. You got elementary kid, you need a new phone tap in $25 a month. Man you can't get no better. I'll rock with it. I'm about to give me a new Boost Mobile 'cause I need me a little side phone. You know what I'm saying? I told I need me a phone man. You know what I'm saying? Bring The next Tell Chirp back Boost Mobile. I know it's not a part of ad but I am begging y'all to please please Me on my next shirt. Bring The shirt back Please bring your shirt. This wasn't even an ad. I was really feeling that 'cause I needed that $25. I need a new iPad. 'cause I'm trying to do my parlays y'all. I'm trying to do playback and I need $25 a month so I can have access all around the country. 5G Nation. Why you feel me? Come on, tap in. Boost Mobile. You know the vibes once you hit the parlay would be here. You good for a year? We'll be back. Same time The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled. One of the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool Beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business. Chase for Business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chases and company


Brands spend $32 billion every year on influencer marketing, yet most still don't know if it's actually working. Are you seeing a positive ROI from your influencer campaigns or is your team just tracking mics and follows? At Jive PR and Digital, we turn influencer engagement into real, measurable sales. Our clients see a 50% lower cost per acquisition compared to traditional ads. No more wasted budgets, no more guessing. Head to jive pr digital.com to see if your brand is a fit. You're listening to an iHeart podcast.