
We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay is for closets to get filled with statement pieces and vintage funds or must have sneakers wait for you and designer handbags are the real deal on eBay doors to open to stacks of the rear trading cars and a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do-it-yourself. Job eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


Hi, it's the Herd I'm partnering with PayPal Turn Black Friday into Stack Friday in the PayPal app. Find tons of cash back offers to stack onto top of Black Friday deals from your favorite brands. All you gotta do is check out with PayPal online. Now that's a stack. Don't just pay PayPal. Check offers in the app For details cashback, earned as points redeemable for cash and other options, terms and exclusions apply.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. And to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America s largest five G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch Up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Black Friday football on Prime is back this week. The Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable Catch. an old school rivalry for a new game day. firing Downfield stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs. kickoff at three. PM Eastern Pregame at one 30. PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch. Black Friday Football For details


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesdays five 20 in the Morning your favorite sports show in the world here to keep you update everything's sports related, especially basketball. My name is DJ Wells. I'm your host joined by my two esteemed co-host. To my left I got my brother Bishop Hendricks to my right, my brother Teague Fellas, good morning. How y'all doing? What's happen Brody cool and nasty. Let's get to it. Oh he gonna be in the UMG lawsuit man. Yeah, Come on man. Clear The publisher baby. Clear the publishing. Get my Streams up. Do the show the right way man. Here we go. Listen man out to everybody who day today. Wednesday is the last day of the work week. The holiday is tomorrow for those who celebrate.


Shout to y'all. Don't lose too much money on Black Friday. Listen man, we had some great basketball last night across the board. We're gonna start from the NBA man. Your bucks man. Yeah, we back to it. Back to it. 1 0 6 and 1 0 3. Damon Lilli went crazy yesterday. Smooth 37 and 12, including about 25 and going in a halftime. They took care of the Miami Heat yesterday without Giannis. Who was a late scratch yesterday fellas? Did y'all catch the game? No. You oh, you can watch it. Listen, the TNT games yesterday, the doubleheader was elite yesterday. I had a game myself man. I wish I could've caught it but now hold on before we even get to that man, shout out to coach ch man. Get his first dude of the year. Yeah. Shout to the red devil. Start off one. Oh man. Happy for the guys. Nah, for sure. Yeah. See his attitude good today.


Yeah. Catch me on Saturday that See, see how I'm Doing. Thank God we don't have weekend episodes but yes man, that game yesterday was crazy man. Dame showed Ja why Dame is the top five point guard in the NBA. We had that conversation yesterday and we had a couple people who was just like, why was he in there? 'cause of his age. But he showed you yesterday. Well he's still capable of leading the team man. Nah, Dame ain't 40. Why they acting like Dame 40? What Dam like 32, 33? He might be 30. Yeah I think Dame was about 34. Yeah, but Dame was one of them like Hall of Famer top 75. We all know the accolades go on forever but he ain't missed a step. And he told y'all that last year. He was like I was injured but I could still do everything I've been doing averaging 26 and seven.


Man, that's fire. Unbelievable man. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. And it is crazy because like we said the the issues with the bucks this year has been injuries and inconsistency. But he's been the one consistent spot. Giannis as well. I mean the pieces around him, the coach and the role players. But last night you even seen how he was getting trapped yesterday, you know what I'm saying? His teammates showed up for him. They didn't go too crazy but they was just hitting shots to him, you know what I'm saying? Take 'em home. But it was a crazy game yesterday man. I mean how does that feel though? Like you being an NBA player and they were trapping. You Seen what Devin Booker said, man let me work on my game. Yeah lemme work on my game man. What y'all doing? That's Crazy. Hey you know it's funny too. You mentioned that it's been going a conversation on Twitter.


That's something about men's pickup games. They said is it out of pocket to double team the pickup games? I think it's out the full press. I'm a winner. I like to win so I I double team in a pickup game. I don't give a damn. I feel like that's basketball. If you listen, you gotta stop somebody who's killing you. If it's a weak team neutralize one person, go the rest of The way. Fuck it. 2, 2, 1. These niggas you know I'll Now what's crazy a zone or double team because playing zone Game. Nah, I'm talking about full court press. We a U 2004 swag on these digs. You know I wouldn't president actually in basketball. Right. The quarters we trapping the quarters. All that swing, swing, swing dig And you might get cut out if you missed rotation.


Cool. Playing it like that. Ain't that boy went for 36. My fault. Y'all was looking up the Rucker score man, I was watching it last night and I fell asleep. But to see Harper, he, I know we gonna talk NBA but I was just watching, he was killing him when I first was watching it and I fell asleep to see that he went for 36. Yeah Dylan Harper went crazy yesterday. I missed that performance. Come on man. Him man he is Bailey real special man. But listen, your Bucks got the dub yesterday. What was so crazy about this game was you know they listen what I'm saying, belts ass for a long time and Miami came back scary Terry in the fourth quarter at 14 of his 17 people forget how Terry, how good Terry Rose is. I'm happy that Jason Satm said that in our last podcast interview with him man. Talking about how great he was a basketball player. 'cause when he get going bro, he's one of them for sure.


Yeah. Scary. Terry can hoop man. We seen what he did in the playoffs against the Milwaukee Bucks when, back when I had Eric bl so when he was with Boston we know he capable player for sure. Yeah man he ain't know my name. Listen, I want to ask y'all, we talk about JR Holiday, the trade and how it worked out for the Boston Celtics. Is this the dame that the Milwaukee Bucks were looking for? Definitely. This is what we all expected when Dame got traded to Milwaukee for him to be this guy, it just took him a couple of, you know it took him half a year to get going. Really? I mean second half of last year he was still kind of himself, he was playing but like he said he had other stuff going on off the court that he had to get Right.


And I think right now he's at a comfortable place and he's playing like for sure Listen, being you always talk Holly or Tyler Hero they're saying, you know what I'm saying? He's the most consistent player on the heat right now. How you feel about That? My favorite white boy in the league man. You know what I mean? Outside of Lalo. Dang. You gave up on Dog Connect already? Nah, I, that's my favorite Rook. Okay. Favorite White Rook. Respect. But Tyler Hero is a dog bro. 23 5 and five off of crazy injury. He's special. I think it's time to get him outta there though. He need to go somewhere. You think he need to leave Miami? Yeah. Why is that? I just don't think he fit there no more bro. They need to rebuild man. Go blow that team up man. That team ain't talking about nothing man.


Or bring a dog to come play with Bam. Get rid of Terry Rose and Tyler Hero and bring his star over there. 'cause Jimmy don't look, I don't think Jimmy gonna be there too much longer. What kind of star are you looking for? Who's, who's a player that can go to Miami? I mean anybody will be happy to play in Miami but Yeah I know man. I don't know I had to, I had to think about that. Just somebody that's ready to leave they their respective team to slot I don't know who ready to lead their other team to come Over there. At one time it was Donovan Mitchell, but Donovan Mitchell looked really happy in, in Cleveland He probably comfortable with your guy. Yeah, Kenny. Kenny. Yeah. So at one point it was Brad Bill. I don't think people want Brad Bill no more. No shade to Brad. Yeah. You don't think so? But I don't think Brad was supposed to go to Miami. I don't think people want Brad no more.


You don't think so? I think Brad would be cool in Miami. I mean I don't think Brad is the same. I think he's a great player but I don't think he's a guy to Yeah, a franchise guy no more. I don't think that front officers look at him like that. Obviously he's still a very capable player. We're talking about the Suns game coming up. But like you said, I don't think too many GMs is like, all right, I'm about to trade my young talent. Yeah. For Brian Bell. Not older player but in their minds they older talent for sure. Yeah. I just, I think Bam needs somebody young, a young wing over there with him to rock out shit free. Bam. You think Bam and Tre Young could be a good match. I like that. I like that. I think Trey ain't mad about Miami either. I saw something in the reports though. Damn. Tre Young.


He missed the game yesterday. Yeah, missed the tournament game and cost. Okay. Yeah, but I think he's on the trade block to go to I'm have to look it Up to see a Rumor. I hope it's not the Sentel. No it's Not. Not The Sentel. It was them near fire tray. Oh it was the Lakers likers. It was they was giving up Rui, DeAngelo Russell. What's your boy that y'all, everybody said y'all was hating on but y'all wasn't. They got paid Mac, Chris, Mac, Christy. Yep. And like a couple picks. Trey Young, they better throw in a low rider a bag of all the above. They get that Trey happen. Yeah, They said a couple pigs. That was from a real report though. Okay. So I don't know. I hope if Trey go to the Lakers then y'all might have to, y'all might have to watch out.


They they fuck around to win something. For real. Yeah, We like man shouts to the Bucks man to squeeze up with that victory. Yesterday the doubleheader that TNT game last night was the Lakers and sons belt to ass situation. The second half Lakers got smacked by the sons 1 27 to 100. Listen man. Right. KD and Brad Bill 23 a piece. They took care of the Lakers yesterday. I told y'all my boys is back. Yeah, that's crazy how good KD is at that age. Yeah. What he 36? Yeah man he's 40 game. He might age but his game don't age. Like he still play the same way from what I can remember. You know what I mean? Since I seen him when he played on the Blue Devils.


Yeah. Yeah. Like he being the same, same player man it's crazy. And what's so crazy is like he was killing in the first half yesterday. I know De Book took a little bit of a so star him and Bill was killing and then you go to the third quarter and Brad Builders goes crazy and he score 10 in a row day there like then you got NCA two start off the third quarter killing by himself. Like listen man, like you said with Bud and the way that they have that offensive ability, it's gonna be, it's a tough out for some people man. Yeah. It's gonna be a tough series, tough matchup for anybody. I mean they got so many capable players. Yeah. And when you got three people like Buck Brad and KD who can go off for 50, 60 points on any given night, you always got a chance to win. For sure.


Yeah. I think their team chemistry is back man. Shout to Ty Jones. The team chemistry, a lot of that 'cause of him the way he plays basketball for that team bro. Selfishly he makes the right plays. Even he was pressing Officer Reeds yesterday got a crazy strip. Hey man they got a solid roster man. You was early on. I'm still, I still gotta see something man. All Bro smoke. The smoke sessions is getting better, the conversations is getting better. We we catching the vibe bro. Well The session was always there. It was the wins, the loss or Nah, it's different when you smoking with your homies and you know what I mean, y'all just smoking 'cause it's there. I seen an interview with KD was like they was are you that cousin that takes that walk during Thanksgiving? He said for sure. For sure, for sure. Yeah. So I think, I think it is back rocking man.


I think they solid. They good For sure. And hey shout out to the Thanksgiving cousins man. They come in handy sometimes if you know, you know, but Lakers now lost three in a row man. What? What they need to do? I'll talk about it. I know I don't give a fuck about them trash but my Boys, I ain't really a Lakers guy either. But Trade bro. Nah, I don't know. Everybody says Trey but it's just like do you really want the people that they're willing to trade for what they're trying to get back Man I would take Trey on for Rui and Max Christie and whoever else. I said definitely DeAngelo Russell get Blondie. The fuck I don't think that do anything for the Hawks.


That's my point. Oh yeah, yeah. That's a bad trade for us. I mean shit. Well I mean shit that's what, that's what's on the board. So if y'all make it happen, niggas make bad trades every day. B the Lakers, The Lakers have a history of benefiting from terrible trades. Yeah. I don't even think that Lakers got that many first round picks. Like they don't their their future is definitely already on mortgage so yeah they can't do too much to, I don't think that's good for all. That Might be. Bryce draft the picks Bryce Young? Nah, Bryce James. Ah no we can't do two. Give us Bronny and the trade. We probably make some happen. Oh dude. Hey that's crazy Bro.


ATT l be lit In the crazy world where Lakers was respectful to LeBron, they tre Bronny. That would've been hilarious. What about if you gotta Tre Bronny to get Trey Young dude does LeBron pull the trigger? Yes Bro. I bet he don't Now you know what Tee I'm we on the grill lot. I agree with you on this one because the way that nigga hold the NBA and told him my son will only be in la, I wish I would draft him. T is right, he's Notre. They gonna be like we can get Trey Young, we gotta put Bronny in the Tre. He was like oh shit we ain't getting Trey. Alright because we here now. Okay, maybe not Tre Young but let's go through some other great point parts in NBA actually how he feels. No that shit did bro.


Navi got sent, brought into Milwaukee getting the North Face Bro. Bro. Only nigga ever in G League history. Whatever you call that shit to say I'm only playing home And you Really the weakest one ever To play bro. You know how hard she back at the, my nigga Shelvin had to ride the bus sleep in dorm rooms, get a bullshit per deal. Shelby average 26 in the G League bro for 10 days And he was on the road bro said nah, I see y'all, we gotta get back. So Jeff is right man it's over bro. No try you can Get Kyrie Irving back.


Gotta give Brony up. Shit we already won one with Kai, we cool. Yeah fuck it. The legacy lives. Yeah Kai stay out there. You Good? Keep your head Up. He start telling people this franchise in the shambles bro. He don't wanna be out here. Trey know so would be hilarious don't he if he actually did it. That's actually crazy bro. Oh man y'all stupid. Hey you know what I like about LeBron that he's gotten older, he just don't care no more. 'cause he was like, I told y'all don't connect was good but Jake gonna tell me I'm lying anyway. LeBron we could call you out in your lives bro. It's okay. You didn't speak on DK like that bro. Stop. He did Though. He did. He did. I ain't gonna lie. It's the first I could vouch for you bro. He did. He did an interview. He was talking about college players playing.


He was like don't connect. It's nice. Yeah bro. Last time you did that bro, you got somebody sent to Miami for no reason. Man get up. Boom Shabazz. Man that's crazy. I old the Rockets took care of the T Wolves yesterday man. 1 17, 1 11. What's going on up there in Minnesota? Man you come on both of y'all Minnesota's finest Ju Julius Randall turning the ball over like he did man. It is. It is I don't know it is one of them games though. I still believe in my guys man. But JR gotta get it together bro. He look crazy out there Man. Listen with sexy season with Rockets. How inmate looking man Inmate he a special coach man. He the reason.


All right. It is gonna sound crazy but it's not really. He liked Mark Jackson for the Warriors. You know how he got him going and then Steve Kerr came over and got him over the Hump Inmate got the Boston Celtics going Joe Missoula was able to come in and get him over the hump so he know what he is doing. He know how to build a team. Mm. He know how to get guys to believe in something And the Rockets right now are playing at a high level and they actually got a pretty good team. I don be here. Still skeptical on the Rockets man. They 13 to six right now. Third in the West. They playing. They playing good man. I was just out there man. Shout out. Shout out to the guys man. Shout those guys man seen 13 and six is a hell of a record man.


The embryo's NBA cup is here and you can win big. Getting in on action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split in the six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in a single elimination in season. Turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the drafting sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the drafting sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right. Club five 20 CLUB five two oh and bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. All the on DraftKings the Crown is yours.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What makes Guardian Bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian Bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house. You you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further, then the odometer can even handle you Start thinking to yourself, you know what, I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay Minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love. More than anything, knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Black Friday has officially started@blinds.com and the savings are huge. Right now you can save Up to 50% Sitewide and score premium door busters and a free professional measure. Don't wait. These deals are happening right now. Swapping out old blinds for custom window coverings is a small project with big results and blinds.com makes it easy and affordable. With blinds.com there are no long lines or confusing quotes. You shop online without sacrificing quality, style or service. One of our design experts can help you make the perfect selection on your schedule. We can even handle everything from Measure to install. Plus you get window treatments for your whole home installed for just one low cost With over 25 million windows covered blinds.com is the number one online retailer of custom window coverings blinds dot com's Black Friday Sales Event is happening now. With our best deals of the season. Save Up to 50% Sitewide and score premium doorbusters and a free professional measure@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I'm the Cowboys. I mean they're already a circus. They Need to fix their, the sun coming in their window before they start worrying about The, I like how ge Jerry was like, what do you want me to do about Sun Sun's just up there. Ain't like I can do nothing about it. It's just up there. He's just your son. What are you supposed to do? He said there's a moon too. Hey sun's up here. You think there ain't gonna be sun? And then they're like, well why don't you, you know, put up a curtain. What? Well it's still the sun. It's Like well your AllPro receiver has his hands in the air with the ball coming at him 'cause he can't see. Just admit you didn't do a great job designing that. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


You seen them out. They was outside. That's no cap. We was in the club together. Oh man. In the club in Ma. Nah, ain't nah ain't no smart on in ma Yo players is out there that the niggas eighth through 13 who's next to us? For sure. For sure. That's funny man. Listen, they, they're a team like you said in the west, they young but if they can figure it out and you know what I'm saying, get a little bit of adversity and some maturity. Go to playoff. They a dangerous team. They got a lot of good players on that team man. From the Guard to the Wings for show And the Bigs obviously they need an Allstar though to, to make some noise for real. Oh yeah, for sure. I'm not expecting 'em to even win a playoff game. But for them to get into a, like they go into a first round series with confidence, that's a great season for them.


Nah, 13 and six to get your season kicked off. Nobody expected that. So that's, that's what's Up. Especially after having a lottery, you know what I'm saying? Season last year. Yeah. Nah, I love that group. I love the Wings. That guy, I love Tar Easton. I love Twin Thompson. I love how they play defense and compete And then Dylan Brooks man, not for shit show but like he kind of know how to unite a team bro. Like he, he got Memphis going. I think he was like, I'm not gonna say the backbone of Memphis but he kind of was, he like spearheaded a lot of stuff for them. Yeah he gave him a lot of confidence and you could see him doing that same with this group. Like I know he'd be Whiling or whatever he be doing but shit, that shit kind of worked.


Yeah, yeah. I mean he, he he puts his shit in front of the team. He be like I'm gonna do all the bullshit. I'm gonna take all the hate ya who freely ain't no confidence. I'm a wild out regardless if he scored 30 or 10 and he produces as well, he competes and he bring that energy. Yeah. That's why he got paid. But you gotta think Memphis hasn't been the same since Dylan Brooks left. Yeah. And that's just me being honest. Like they had like he was doing all that bullshit but they had like a grit and like a grind to him that was like kind of like that old team, the grit and grind game. He kind of brought that that energy and then having Tys Jones too. But he brought that to the Rockets and now the Rockets was a serious contender in the, in the West Low key. And we talked about that with Dylan Brooks.


Like what's the one thing Memphis always needed was a bigger wing, a more skilled wing. Right. He wasn't a all star, he was the best one that had and it was obviously had that success with him. Especially with the energy bro. Yeah. Well what's up with your Timberwolves man? They going do man We good bro. They good about yeah we Good bro. I don't think they good bro. A lot of people saying, you know what I'm saying? Alright, we let the young guys play. They're like at some point we gotta see what the young guys to do 'cause we stagnant right now. We need something. Yeah they, I ain't Rob dealing him, you know let him play back to back over you know 10 plus but we still figuring it out. We just gotta come together probably. Alright. You, I think they had caught lightning in a bottle last year. The vibes was good. Ae first shoe dropped like they got a drop of two or something like it Was coming in February.


We still waiting. They still dropping color waves on the one. Shit getting ran out so damn. No I'm just saying like, I mean it ain't a strawberry. My niggas kind Of now update me motherfucker. Oh no we not gonna do that for the short of the year man. We not gonna do that. You know what I'm saying? Shout it, shoot, fire it sure of the year but damn how many color waves y'all going to drop? Well every, everybody on the team gotta wear something apparently because Yeah they need his special pairs. 'cause Rudy like you said yesterday, they can't catch the ball but damn they dropped 23 colorways. We only got, I seen we ain't even get a color wear shout out to a D but Jr we still waiting. Yeah we about to get on your ass JR. Yeah you call, We done called bass already.


He will be on top of the year if we do not get this. I thought that was you on the back of Zion back. Jr Getting a portrait as a full back TA is absolutely crazy. No back t whoops. Nah. But for real they like, I just think they're a little like what they did last year I think was gas. Mm mm I think they just had a good moment. I relay it back to like how we was in Atlanta. We had caught a stride, we had a moment then the next year we had a little bit of let down. We still was a playoff team. I think we was fifth and east or whatever. Still a good team but we didn't live Up to that same expectation as the year before. Like that's the difference between being good and great.


They were a good team last year, not great And now you see it. They're just a good team Again. I'm happy that you said that. So I wanna ask you both of y'all this question. When you have a season, like you feel like it might be historic, is that the time where you like don't get upset with GS for crashing out, quote unquote for making or drastic change or going crazy. It was like all right listen we having a great season. I don't know if we're gonna have another one. Let's do whatever we can do to see if we can get over the hump this year. 'cause we know this live will be gone next year. Nah, you they was too young. You were supposed to run it back one more time. They were too young. What you got? Yeah, they were too young. Like I know the money aspect of it and it's the business part that you gotta make the play, you gotta make the play whatever. But they were so young that they had just really got started like Kat what 30 if that ae 21, 22.


They weren't even getting like they had a chance they had one more year. Yeah they just got comfortable like alright we figured it out. We know how to play with two bigs. Our confidence is there. We believe in one another run it back for the second year. Oh we had A great run. Yeah. But if they would've run it back this year, I think it would've been a different kind of vibe. 'cause they knew what to expect. They know each other, they would've played well. Yeah. But now you make that big drastic change And I feel like it would've been easier to insert Rob Dillingham because it's like now we can play and we already comfortable with ourselves trying to get Yeah, divin Chino comfortable JR is uncomfortable. Yeah a like Rudy gets your sad ass off the paint And they doing it on the fly.


They ain't really even have a training camp 'cause of how late the trade was. Late trade, no training camp and it's like a easier for New York, it is easier to plug in Cats you to five be you. Yeah We adjust to you because we never had that. Yeah we adjust to you. It's harder for JR who was the go-to guy in New York to adjust to being second option. You know what I mean? Yeah. So most definitely. Yeah. They're gonna have to figure that out. We Definitely took a dead losing cat. I I never be a fool to say that was an even trade even before the season started. 'cause KA is just that nigga. But hopefully my boys figure it out man. It's just funny to hear how, you know what I'm saying? Everybody's tune changed about, it was just like oh we happy to get a cat up outta here.


We got jail like and vice versa. Nah, I don never that cat so New. A lot of people eating words now 'cause cat killing and the timber Bulls looking like they're mortgage and their seasonal. Seeing if JR is gonna fit for that team. And I don't think they got enough time to keep figuring that out. I told you that was a bad trade. I thought it was a win for New York. Mm. I never liked the AE and JR R together. They just, they just threw the money aspect in there to try to make us feel like they did the right thing when they realized they probably messed up. For sure. Yeah. I mean they could have ran it back one more year. That's how it was. They coulda did the same trade next year. Kobe and Shaq Man, get it together bro. We all right. We good. Kobe And Shaq, hes out of pocket. The Bulls care whistle yesterday. Everybody beats against these days. Yeah. Are Kobe and Shaq Kobe? 2016.


Shaq oh nine. Yeah You outta PO oh nine You said oh nine. Shaq Colin Jr. Is Shaq. Oh nine is wild bro. Where Was he in oh nine Phoenix, Boston. Wwe. Oh wow. The fuck in Phoenix and Boston and the Celtics. What was Shaq number with the Celtics The big, I sent the girl. I sent the girl like I sent the girl. What was his number? I was like this is you now. Bitch you used to be cold. You Malcolm get Shaq number for me with the Celtics. Oh remember I think it was 36, 38. 88, 36 Or something weird like that. It was, I was wearing Shaq in Boston. That was the, the Pat Ewing and when it was with the rappers and the magic.


Oh Lord. That's the nasty I'm gonna take Pat with the magic pat with the pat. Pat with the magic was through them knee Pats was super weak. He was super That's a crazy drop off. He was Super through. He six, he 36. This you now. This you. Yeah. Shout out to the hoki reunions man. It get wicked like that sometimes. Bulls be the wi 1 27 and 1 0 8. Oh boy. Kobe White. Yeah. Come on quit hat and your boy man I You know that shit I Got, he had 21 yesterday. He Do his thing er Thing 19 18th for Levine. Listen they already kind of came out and says listen Voch and Levine are for sale quote unquote. So we'll see where they end up. I don't expect either one of them to be in that team past Valentine's Day.


Mm. Yeah. Send Zack to to Memphis. Send Zach to Memphis. Yeah. Where Do you think V could go? Because I think V could definitely help a playoff seen for sure. Mm. I don't know who need a big Indiana Damn love on everything. He would be perfect here. LA They Need a big Him and ad would be would be crazy 'cause you know Ad wanna play the four. I like that. Okay. Now they could definitely get off. Probably ruin somebody else to go there. 'cause the bulls just be wild when it come to trades. So Yeah, bulls definitely don't Care. Care they, they be tweaking when it come to trades. They Don't care.


Yeah. I I, I could just see them helping other teams. Like we said they already up for sale. Kyle Uzman look like he gonna be stuck in the Wizards boy. They purgatory boy. That's boy they the new Minnesota. Yeah. I hate that shot franchise player. It's a wild bull. That's Where free JP man. Yes. Immediately. He Ain't deserve that man to go from the Warrior have to go play for the Wizards is crazy bro. Max deal. Who cares. I was trying to get him out the league. Craig over here crash out man. You welcome. You earned this bread now go crash out so we can get rid of your ass Max. That's crazy. I mean I would've loved to been a franchise player for the saddest team in the league. Which you would've been on.


Like they gave me a max deal to be on the saddest. I would've just been trying to get 40 Eric Knight. Yep. And go out. You think you'd have been been capable of getting 40 a night and going out heavy? Oh yeah. You don't practice no more. When you said I've been good? He said you don't practice when you said nah like The recovery day would've been all right. Yeah, they ain't practicing no more. I wouldn't, I I wouldn't like a big partyer anyway. I ain't drink crazy or nothing so I would've just been out though. I would've been outside. Oh yeah, you just been out? Yeah there. Nah, I thought you meant like turning up like Jordan Pool like Oh no, no, no, no. I don't know how he turned up Splash Safari. Oh that's what he don't, I didn't know that. I ain't that turn up. Yeah.


I would've never been that Diddy house. Nothing like that. Did y'all see that dude walk Up to the bro. I knew you was at them Diddy parties. They got chill man. Hey they got them clipping bro saying ain't no party like a Diddy party. I said damn man bro I can't catch a fucking break. He didn't know this was about to happen. He Didn't. He was. He really ain't even been to a Diddy party. We were just saying like I'm saying no, I'm saying how it, I can't wait to go man. I heard ain't no party like a Diddy party. Yeah. And all of a sudden they said bro couldn't wait to go allegation They on lie. I mean on the little whatever FaceTime turn it up with each other. Damn like boy I can't wait to get back.


That's crazy. Good thing you didn't make it bro. I'm glad you wasn't there. Brian spurts took care. Jay yesterday 1 28 to one 15 Wendy 34 7 Stefon Castle. Young Rookie went crazy yesterday with 23. I like him. Yeah he solid man. Real solid guy. John Collins. Come on Wake Forest 2013 my boy came out that George had 26 and seven yesterday. But wi be went crazy yesterday. Man Wi be with crazy. They got free. My guy John Collins too. You got free John Collins? Yeah, he need to go somewhere else. He, I agree bro. He, he's a capable player. I could see him helping a playoff team. Most definitely. Look Atlanta did him Greasy. They did. I just listen man. Even the same way we did Paul George. I was like all right y'all feel how y'all felt about Paul George wanted to be here or not.


But man send that man to OKC was crazy. I mean he sent them with the MVP though. Yeah but just certain cities it's just like bro don't trade me here. I know n ain't much better but come on man. But I think like even to his point like oh sometimes in the NBI feel like they ask you like bro, where you gimme some options? Like where do you want to go? I probably, I mean if you got enough love with the organization, I I don't think the Pacers did that with him. Yeah I don't think that, Hey John College damn sure didn't go ask Linda could I go to Utah. Yeah. I Don't think the Pacers love Paul George like that. I I'm telling you. Nah, that they did not give a damn. He said you wanna go to LA cool okc. Yeah. In fact he was all about going to Los Angeles. There was a lot of spite in that transaction for sure.


Oh man, fuck the patient. I get well soon man. That's wild. He should have stayed. Fuck He fucked your bag up. Yeah, if he would've stayed, you would've stayed. Oh man we wouldn't be here. Yeah, I say that how would've hit different man? What? Oh well that's crazy how the NBA work That Really determined by Nigga cheese. It did bro. One person can mess up a lot of people money bro. Even with people who set the market, if the market gets set low, it's like damn nah this cold nigga took less money than I'm supposed to get now I gotta lower my price Facts. That's tough man. I can't wait to see. We be in the Allstar game year. You think you gonna make it? Most definitely ain be able to be out pocket if that.


I don't care if he don't get voted in, they gonna make it happen A rookie sophomore game. Well you know the new setup is different now anyway. Quote unquote that they're supposed to have. Yeah, I heard it's supposed to be like two games or something. Yeah, it's supposed to be formatted to where they're having like three eight man teams and the rookie the winners of the challenge. Rookie sophomore challenge basically. And like a tournament style play. Allegedly This the this. I wanna go to the Allstar game this year. You wanna go? I really wanna go. Don't You worry you'll be there working. Shout to San Francisco. Oh for real. Shit I ain't know nothing about that San Fran. I just wanna go though to the game. Check It contract. I'm just playing now we gotta pull up for show last year or that. You know what I'm saying? We was working, we didn't even get to go to the game itself.


But people been complaining about the integrity of the game and how it's being played. They say it's trash so they trying to do something to switch it up. I guess That's on my only to-do list. The Hennessy Red Cup party. Mm. I needed a Buddha. I need to be there in the All Star game. That's all I wanna do. What's Buddha My boy on that worked for Hennessy. Oh. Oh I thought that was a party. Nah, I fought Buddha. I was like man Buddha sound like some shit. JP could be at All. Right man. Go on. What's the next, the real Red table? I on the contract Red Cook Buddha. I like come on Bro. He wild popped in my head. Don't put me with her bro. Jada, Maybe Jada in the early nineties. This Jada. I'm That dirty Shade Jada was.


It was between her. It was between her and Nia alone. Mm. Or what's my homegirl that went white? Damn Stacey. Stacey Dash. She Dipped her herself. She just Turned into one of them. Nah she did it But oh that bitch is a piece of shit. She did say that. I forgot she is racist. Y'all right. My bad. I forgot all about that hoe. But somebody old girl was some Dash family. Damn. It was one more that was called Holly Berry was cold in the name. Most definitely. Most definitely. Holly Berry. Listen man. Out of them three though. Who y'all taking? We, I know this is ain't club tour. I'm sorry y'all. I just be pieing sometimes out them three. Neil Long Stacey Dash or who?


We just will Smith girl in The nineties. Jada Pinky? Yeah. Holly, I'm gonna go with Jda P I'm Going with Jada. Yeah I'm going with Jada. Bitch on Woo. Well she had me tied. She had me together. Boy I would've, I would've been on that red table boy. That's when the freak meter started. Yeah. Two I. don say be careful because I seen August. He didn't flip the script. Oh shit. No, I'm well grounded. August. Weak minded. Come on to this black room. Oh y'all are crazy man.


Listen man, we a little bit through the season Thanksgiving break time so far. I'm gonna ask y'all a couple awards who y'all think might qualify for. Let's start off with the MVP. Who's in consideration right now? Gimme y'all. Top three. No particular orders. Yoki, jt. Okay. Probably Shay. Shay be here. Joker. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take freaky Tatum. Damn. I don't know who. Who am my third? I'm gonna take Ka. Fuck it. Okay. Ka hooping. Kevin Hoop. I'm gonna go Mitchell. Yeah My fault down Joker and definitely got those JT in there. They doing too much man. For sure. Yeah. My fault down. I should have said it.


Coach of the year. Kenny Atkinson. Kenny Atkinson got it sold up right now. Yeah. I'll give it to Jeff Guy. That's a, that's a, that's a weak team that he making special. Yeah, He turned that team around real quick. Yeah. Defensive player of the year. Shit. Evan Mobley. Mm Or Draymond Green? Anthony Davis. I'm not mad at the ad. Take it off. I'm not mad at that at all. If Draymond Green heard, I like the DRE minor Green take a lot too. 'cause if you haven't been watching him up, Draymond's playing like O Draymond for sure. Yeah. But yeah, I like that Ad Tech for sure. Six Man of the year. Mm. Super, super early.


Peyton pri mm I'm a fan Hunter. That's a hell of a call. I'm rocking away. He come off the bench and they just let him go. Crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah That's solid for sure. I'll take that. Yeah, I'll take that Rookie of the year. TikTok? Yep. Jared, Jerry mcc? Yeah. Finger paint. Yeah left hand. Yeah. JM baby. Hey Did you see that? They been showing his like old high school footages and he had like four of his teammates out there doing the dance so they were just like, they ain't wanna do this but he the coldest nigga on the team so they had to, He used to hoop on niggas bro. I swear to God he's really cold at basketball.


Oh My mama. It's showing, it is showing that he's cold too. That's him and Therese team right now. I know the old heads watching Hoop like seeing him kill and then seeing him act up on the internet that are pissed. Boy. It burns him up bro. Like where is the NBA going y'all Sam Cael rolling on his grade For sure. Nick Vanel, Nick Kevin Garnet can't believe this shit. Oh He for sure is Pissed. Mark Magic Kevin Gardner in the same team with Jerry. Can I wanna hear Paul Pierce take on it? I know D Wade cool with it. I want to hear Paul Pierce in just the old heads like I want to hear them go crazy about it. Kg probably now gonna be like no it's cool man. I mean you motherfuckers man.


Yeah. Oh did y'all see man, have y'all watched Melo shit with Eime? Yeah. Oh bro. He K Kg a liar bro. Yeah, yeah. KG went on Gil and them shit and said that he didn't say that like he didn't say nothing to Mellow. Mellow was just tweaking bro. E mine and Melo just sat down and talked. Said the real kg. He called Pusy. You outta pocket? Nah bro. He said your wife tastes like honey nut true. Nah, Nah, he said he didn't say that No KG said that. Nah, he said he didn't say that. He said you smell I smell pussy. Oh. I thought he said the nigga's wife tasted like honey. Nah, He said people made that up. Oh. Because I was like, bro, that's wild. I must have misconstrued what they said then because I'm like, either way it is out of pocket.


That's, see it's just how telephone goes so fast so quick. They, I was watching a little bit. He was like, he said he smell pussy and Ello said I had to see who he, what are he talking about? What he smell like? I need a conversation. Hey I fuck with Ello. Shout to 7:00 PM with Brooklyn. Man. Them getting KZ and them getting Rudy is fired. Man, it's a great show for show so far Eastern the conference right now. If you had to pick, you know what I'm saying? The people come out the east. So you got, I'm gonna take Milwaukee. Fuck 'em. I I got Boston. You got Boston? Okay, I'm gonna go Boston as well in the west. Fuck Gimme kc. Yeah, I I'm, I'm on that bandwagon too.


I'm going I don't think we I ever three agree like that. But the way I see the Hard time bro. Hey, I'm going with my guys, if not them Phoenix. And I'm only picking Milwaukee 'cause I wanna see y'all do good bro. Boston's fuck around win again. But damn, I'm gonna give a little hope shit. Yeah, I like Phoenix, but I'm, I'm okay. See for some reason I'm, I'm a fan. Dang. That's the crazy one. Jalen Williams might be my favorite player in the NBA Hey all star. You gotta be there bro. I, I'm like, I'm really a fan of his game. Like if I could mold a kid pause, but like, if I could that sound crazy, but if I could get a player and create a player, like when I create my player on 2K, I make Jalen Williams.


Mm. Utility player. Yeah, I, I pretty much can do a little bit of everything. Yeah, that's what he do. He ain't really great at nothing. He just Good at everything. Yeah. Yeah. I y'all this question and obviously don't put too much into it, but how do y'all feel about a comparison between him and Andre Gdo Disrespectful. How you got more game than Andre Godo? Yeah, and you know how I feel about ai but He got, he got more game. Yeah, more. That's a lot of people saying as far as like bro, his impact towards game. Like he can do everything Well like that's a lot of people saying like he's a Iggy type player. Yeah, yeah. Evan, don't get mad at us bro. We know that should be fff bro. I just saying he got more game like Iggy nice. He's a good player.


Probably be a hall of famer or something, but he got more wiggle, more game. Yeah bro. He averaging 22 like he can drib with another nigga that average 30. Like yeah, it is different bro. It is different. The bag just look different.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What makes Guardian Bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid-friendly components. Kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian Bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle, you start thinking to yourself, you know what? I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY. Fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay Minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love more than anything, knowing that anything is possible, whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love


What's popping. And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com


Looking for the perfect night's sleep. Brooklyn Bedding has you covered With over 25 years in the mattress industry, Brooklyn Bedding combines top tier comfort and quality without the hefty price tag. Every mattress is designed and assembled by master craftsmen, ensuring expert oversight. Plus they have a factory in Arizona and shipped conveniently to your front doorstep for free. Choose from a range of firmness levels, heights and dimensions, including non-traditional sizes to find the perfect mattress fit for your needs. And with a 120 night sleep trial on all mattresses, you can rest easy knowing you are making the right choice. Visit brooklyn bedding.com to learn more and take advantage of their 25% off site-wide sale going on now?


Hmm?


What do you drink there? I mean, what do you mean? What am I drinking? What do you think of this beer? Well, it's fantastic. Well, what is it called? What? What is it? Halai? Hi. Hi. High Aai. Yeah, I mean it's spelled Jai. JAI. It looks like it Says Jai Beer. Yeah, I mean listen, but okay, the point is it's about the taste really. And the taste is phenomenal. So what you're saying to me is if I'm going to get an IPAI should get this Ja Hala. Hi Aai. Hi Aai Bold. Okay. Sounds pretty good. Citrusy beer and an IPA to boot from Cigar City Brewing. hii unique high naming. It was inspired. I'm starting to get it. Look it, you know the International Sport High? The International Sport High aai. Alright. High aai. It came to the us. Yes, it hit its US cultural peak in the mid seventies. I mean, you may not be able to pronounce it, but we can promise you you can drink it. It is fantastic. Hili the best beer you probably can't pronounce to find Hili IPA near you. Visit cigar city brewing.com/beer/hi-aai. That's JAI dash a LAI Please drink Responsibly Ale from Cigar City Brewing. Tampa, Florida. Hi, y'all lie IPA.


I just hate comparing that 'cause Iggy did his fucking thing And that's why a lot of people were saying it was just like his impact in the game. Like the way that they control the game where they can give to the game is is close near that. And for a lot of people who just remember Iggy for the Warriors, he also played the Philadelphia and the Nuggets and he was nice. Yeah, he was nice. Super nice. For those who are too young to remember that, what was, what's his, what Iggy average the most? What year he averaged the most? That'd be interesting to see his I know in Philly Up AI stats. You say AI boy it's gonna be some trouble spelling that he go dial Ain't you? Okay. Okay. Mike, you pretty swift with, I know he got that Chad GPT on that motherfucker.


He put, I seen you talk to your wrist. Yeah. That motherfucker wrist retarded. I hate when he text us through that motherfucker like shut up. Yeah. Words be all over the place. What's his, what's his career high? Yeah. What, 17, 18, 19? Yeah. Yeah. It is just a little different. Yeah. Yeah, just a little different. He great. One of the greatest role players to ever do it. For sure. Sure, for sure. For sure, for sure. Alright. Damn. Now y'all don't have to pick who's gonna win it, but know what I'm saying Right now, would y'all say it's, it's clear for y'all to see a KC Celtics finals matchup?


I just sent don't see nobody. I'm gonna keep it real. Celtics. I told y'all fuck around I. don only lose two games bro. In the playoffs. Yeah. I don't see nobody being in, in the series at all either. Either not when they got poor Zynga back. Come on man. It's already ugly. All right man. Couple games tonight for show since they not gonna be playing on Thanksgiving. Everybody getting to it tonight. You got the heat at Hornets. Who y'all got? Hmm? The Hornets Gimme the Hornets going. The Hornets. I'm going on Heat going with the heat. Bounce back after a loss. All right. Hawks at calves. Both your team's playing to eat. What you going do? Put a bow on us. Oh dang. Thanksgiving. But it's Christmas calves gonna get that dub lasers at Pacers.


Blazers. Don't say a don't do that. T I'm go Pacers. There we go. Tap me in. Tyres go crazy. My boy be here. Out pocket Bulls at Magic. Shit. The magic been on a roll. Go with Magic. Lemme go. I'm I'm going Bulls 'cause friends, it's disrespecting my pockets every time I throw you on my ticket. I don't know what it is. It's personal or not. But you don't ever want gimme no money. So I'm rocking with the Bulls today. Get the Dub Rockets a 76ers. Yeah. So I just hate, I hate seeing the Sixers on this damn board. They really piss me off this year, bro. That's a shitty Did you see on Twitter here?


What? What PG was talking, they was like we gotta do better. They was just like, look at PG write checks if Jeremy McCain got cash. Nah, facts. Shut your picture Up bro. Sick of them bro. Damn You had a seven six was high to CC two. Yeah Know that was gas. That's what made me shitty. I was gassing Jeff. You gonna be sad be here. I'm trying to tell you. I Told you what it was gonna be damn Clippers at Wizards. I don't even know why we put that on here. Wizards trying to avoid a 13 game losing streak Damn clips. Fuck it. Take the house.


Take the house or the Clippers tonight. Damn. I didn't know they was on the 13 game Stay on 13 games. I'm about to look up the rest of it. Oh yeah, it's nasty work. Nicks at Mavs. Mavs. Oh, you say that quick as hell. All right. I'm take the Knicks. No you I'm gonna take the Knicks and this one. Pistons at Grizzlies. Grizz. Ah yeah. Job plan. It's, it's over with. Yeah, I'm gonna take the Grizz Kings at T Wolves. T two struggling teams. Yeah, I'm gonna take the T Wolves down. They at home? Yeah. I'm gonna go with the Kings tonight. Darren Fox will go crazy. Shout out to Fox my favorite second favorite player. Turn Jack Williams. Send that nigga, send that nigga some shoes so y'all can move up in the ranks. Joe. Send that nigga some motherfucker. Whatever You signed him with Sketches?


Nah, he took, he took Tea bag. I don't know if it's some beef there or not. Yeah, he took the whole budget. Nah, JR JR took my bag. Oh no. Nore Mann did. No, no. Not Tre man. What's his name? Terrence man, Terrance man. Took your budget damn. Out of pocket. Oh yeah. Shout out to Trey on going to Jordan brand. That was far to see that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Send me some shoes Jr. What? Damn. How y'all let Trey leave? We just talked about him in Phoenix Jr. You fucking up Out pocket. Hey send me, send me some shoes Trey. Yeah. Send us that old Trey mech. No, no, no, no merch. They won't say old Now you can send me some some me. But send these nigga some BYBL gear. You out of pocket Lakers Asberg.


They three stripes bro. I mean I do these three stripes. Hey shout out to Cam. We can locked in. Don't worry about what he talking about. I said get my mail in Lakers at Spurs. Lakers at Spurs. I'm gonna take the Spurs. I got the Lakers. Mm. I think Weby gonna go crazy. Weby go crazy kill him because man, after I seen Brad Bill Black LeBron shot last night like that. Please don't drop against Whim. You taking Spurs Me. I'm gonna take the choice and not watch that game at all. But I'll have to bet on the Lakers if I was spending some money for sure. Respect rappers at Pelicans. Ooh that's the two B game of the month. Who playing?


CJ mc playing. He's playing. He played against the Pacers last. Yeah, I'm gonna take he I Got the pals then. I'm Pelicans Deonte Murray back too for sure. Oh yeah. Ass whooping. That's at Sons. I got Sons. Yeah. Even though Dennis Shroder been balling Sons for sure Sons for show KD back nuggets at jazz nuggets get right today. Yeah they'll beat the Jazz at the house after they just got Denver 30 ball game of the night. Dang Thunder at Warriors Game of the Night. That's gonna be a great game. I'm gonna take the Warriors at home. I got A hunter on Thunder. Oh Yeah. I'm gonna take the thunder in this game for sure. I'm gonna take the Warriors At home Hunter.


That's a good I don. I don't care about the NBA like that to be bad. Oh man. A hundred Fucking high school coach. Yes, You were crazy. Hey college basketball yesterday. You know this the time of year we get all the fire tournament games, you know what I'm saying? Some of the games you'll never see 'cause of conferencing scheduling. We had Kansas take care of Duke yesterday. 75, 72. Did y'all see the game yesterday? Cooper Flag Little 13 piece. Yeah. Little game. I miss those Solid game. He, he played good but like I told y'all, he's not really a shooter and he's a energy guy. Like he got some good plays. He can draw the ball, he can get, he got a nice versa step. He can get to the rack but he is an energy guy. That jumper, that jump ring ain't like that being You got a bad game man.


Nah, I'm just saying We'll Prevail man. Nah, I'm saying not gonna be a good, I'm not saying he not gonna be a good player but I think like when I seen Paolo Quero at Duke it was different. Paolo got way more game than him. I know, but I'm saying like the comparison like to the number one, It's a terrible comparison. No, no I'm saying comparison to number One. Oh I hear It is like, and y'all think about Paolo don't get not half as much love as Cooper flag. Nah he don't. And I think Pao, he's even a All star. Yeah I think Paolo But I, I mean Is a way, way better prospect. But Yeah it's not even close. But we, he don't get the same love and I'm not hating on Cooper but I just don't, I was like damn, just thinking about that.


Like the number one picks from Duke. He's right after Zion with the hype. Damn Is he not? He had more hype than Kyrie for sure. More hype than Kyrie. Fuck no he did what? Nah bro, he did. I ain't trying to go down that road with y'all today bro. I think he is second most hyped since Cooper flag. He had more hype than jt even though JT won the number one pick. He did have more hype than jt. Yeah, More hype than Papa had more hype than Kyrie Irving bro. Kyrie Irving played two games and went number one y'all. Yeah he was the best player. But I'm talking about in comparison. Alright. I'm saying but I'm saying like it was y'all got it. We wasn't talking about Kyrie like we talking about we didn't think Kyrie was coming to save the NBA.


I put my hype into the fact that social media is totally different than it was when Kyrie was there. That's the only reason why I'm saying this more now. 'cause so many outlets been Well that's unfair. Well I'm just saying the point, I'm not saying he's better by no means. Obviously we know Kyrie was the guy but Cooper Flagg his outlet, the people who've been pushing him like that, that was different like that. It is a different agenda behind him than it was behind comedy. I would always say that because when LeBron came, the hype was crazy. So it wasn't even, social media wasn't that big then when LeBron came out. But the hype was ridiculous and I mean deserving. So LeBron is LeBron but I'm saying like Zion crazy hype Cooper flag, his hype is a little bit under Zion. Like we tune in to watch him like everybody like dang.


But I'm just thinking like dang Pablo didn't have that same hype and I think he better, Nah Pablo is way, I was big on Pablo back then. Like Pa I call him Pablo. Pablo? Yeah. Pablo's cold bro. That's classic Pablo. Yeah, Paolo Benko though for sure bro. He's probably the most underrated Duke player, you know what I mean? So far as how good he was to go that high. But Especially having me success too. Yeah. Like you know what I'm saying? He Paul Paulo was different. Like so still is. I got you. But I don't know man. We we'll be all right. Rest Up you well soon. My boy, I can't wait to determine we gonna average 25 in the time. Nah, He exciting to watch though. Like that Dunky had come on bro. Yeah, I mean he exciting to watch but I just be thinking like damn are we putting too much pressure on him Because even as a I, don think he taking it that way.


I'm saying 'cause even as a freshman at Duke, everybody like Cooper flat. Cooper flat. Like even the announcers last night, they gotta get the ball to Cooper or even the, the other freshman they got the white kid and it's like He's also white. Y'all like they haven't had a white boy since Christian LA with this type of effect. Nah, that's a fact. So they need, whoa I didn't even think of this. Sorry I didn't mean to cut you off bro. Who got more hype at Duke? Is Gracie Allen on that list High? 'cause Gracie Allen had crazy love not going into two Duke. I'm sorry. Once he was the Duke player. Like the hype he got being a Duke player. I know we talked about we had a about hate. He got a lot of hate. Yeah it is Christian Layner. JJ Reddick then Cooper. Yeah, That's, I'm gonna say Christian Laer Cooper then jj jj once he got to Duke he got, yeah he got crazy.


He got to Duke But to come into Duke, Christian Layner. Okay. Yeah That plays a part bro. Y'all know. Yeah. Nah I, I know how, that's why I say it was a different agenda behind him than Kyrie. That's why, that's why I was trying to make a point that like Paulo if he, he deserved this kind of love too. Nah, hell yeah. You right bro. You right. Did y'all see that Hunter Dickinson play was that dirty? He been in college too damn long. I'm sick of him. He said N ael better to get a job. I don. Four years at I don that. See I told motherfuckers to stay be cool now y'all want him to get gone. I'm tired of him bro. I, don watched him at Michigan for 10 years. Had Kansas for four.


Like what the hell? NIL bag different boy he got that seven. I need an M ticket. I remember scouting Him. I scouted him at Michigan. Then I look up and he's fouling 17 year olds. What are you doing? You're 24. So nigga say I'm just say they gonna be on your ass about that. They gonna say oh now you know how old Cooper flag is. No I'm just not outside of that house. I mean shit they have, they all told me enough times now I know he's 17. Fuck no I'm just saying going crazy to cop for that still. I Told y'all niggas are too old for college bro. Bro. 24 go home. Roger. Facts bro. Like Hunter Dickerson go home. Oh my god. I get it. He got the bag but damn, be a family man.


I swear to God. I thought y'all made the era bro. My Boy Floris should be starting. Your old ass is there on me. Let Flory get some Tig. He from Indiana. Well not really. I don't know where he from but he lived here Right? Ghana. But he stayed in Kokomo. Yeah, He from Dwell Hood. Oh he from, we from the Congo. Who knows? He tried to go eight different Internationalities. Everybody from Africa gonna pull up on us boy. Hey Man, did you see that? Nah, I'm, I'm here pro I thought he is from Congo. He not that nigga athletic shit. Did you see that Delo was contemplating playing for Lithuania? Watch out, move around that nigga. That nigga is athletic bro. He see that. That last play where dude turned the ball over bro.


He was dunking all over the kid to Indiana. He was going crazy bro. He gotta Be from Congo because he athletic. It's crazy. I mean Iba athletic as fuck. Shout out to the mother. Land B hit is crazy. Hey man you gone, you gone two Ls back to back. We ain't used to seeing this man. Hell nah. They about to beat the shit out of people from now on. They practice about to be so hard. It's already crazy. Have you seen the videos come out of Dar Hill practice? No. I'm saying I can only imagine. What about to be like, I thought I was mean. Ain't No Thanksgiving. Them niggas suicides whole motherfucker day tomorrow they coach Carter. Yeah they might not get a piece of meat. They gonna Be throwing cranberry sauce. Them biggest it's over With. They might not ever.


Oh he's a new Bob Knight bro. He be crashing out on them bro. They might win 20 in a row bro. Yeah, I'm happy Penny got one of them dubs though man. Yeah. Shout out to Penny man. A underrated coach man. People always give him a hard time but every year he consistent. They have a good team every year they compete for their conference championship every year. Yeah, Memphis Hooped. I'm glad to see 'em in the Maui invitation on what they made to the chip right? Yeah they took, he took your he and his off. I'm correct right? Yeah. Yeah. Shout out to Yeah I, yeah Penny send me some shoes nigga. We we, we vouched for Memphis on here. Ah, for sure we can kind of boosters like the old days was. Yeah you well soon in Memphis. Oh man listen man a lot of people got to it yesterday. B he verified buckets. Who was getting some FTAs up?


My boy. I'm gonna give it to Van Fleet man 27 11 and a boards. I'm rolling Hooping yesterday. Way to cuss out them refs and get back right. Yep. I'm rolling. You calls too. They only got 50 K for real? I only 50 K Fine. You Wipe his hair today. Throw that in the Lord Glad you got Ain't do that. I be picking shit up 50 k. I leave up to five band. Whatcha talking about the second head pick on God I did that one time. Paul like it. That sound crazy. But Dwight Howard was throwing so much money. Oh I was just like shit. Yeah that's nevermind I'm keep that story ain't Don't tell us who Dwight was throwing that gonna change That.


I gonna say please sanitize that money asap. Rightfully so. Picking that shit up. Yo. Dwight just hit me to do the show bro. No out to Dwight man. Dwight Price smacked the ones on Earl ass up there. You up there picking it up. Dwight, That motherfucker me and that motherfuckering that picking the cash Up. I was a rookie Man. I was a rookie. You went to the strip club with Dwight and John. Oh boy. Collins That I went with John that that wasn't the same night. It wasn't the same night. That wasn't the same night.


Oh man. Jason Co. When we got off the plane bro, he took me to Pink Pony Man Club. Crazy. That's a hell of a double hitter. First of all Jason Kyle, lemme explain myself. Jason Cols was engaged at this time. He took me to the joint. It was a woman. He was engaged to me to the joint. I was a rookie. Hey yo and Dwight Howard. I went with Smooth Marvin Williams. I think Joe was in there. I love y'all niggas man. It was a group Setting. It was a lot of money thrown in there. Yeah. Shout to Dwight. He was cool man. Shout to Dwight man. Come on, y'all nasty Dwight.


You gotta call him nasty afterward. Well we ain't never getting Dwight man. So y'all well man snip man they on some bullshit man. Purple Fandom. Who's picking up money after Dwight hired in the club is I bro. Not after Dwight bro. It wasn't after him. It was a whole bunch of people. You ain't let me name everybody. My fucker Josh Smith was throwing money. He put Smooth Rico too. Yeah, Joe was there, Marvin was there. Oh my god. He going crazy Woody. Oh Y'all crazy man. I'm gonna get my verified buckets to my dog Wendy Man 34 7 bouncing back going crazy man.


My verified bucket, Dame Lier, the old head og. I probably call him OG in the locker room. Killing still 37 to 12. That's a light day on them. Calling him OG is crazy man. Man because he really is man. Yeah, facts. Alright man listen a lot of good buckets yesterday. Some people had some terrible performances man. Who need to get well soon before Thanksgiving B him. Shit sound like me going to the strip club with The club On 20 back again. Hey bro, that's a wild front court. The white Howard and Jason Collin. Your front court is That is not my front court nigga At Is do different times of my life bro. Look At, look at Trey Young though.


That's a get will song for me baby. What you do? Hundred K? Yeah, a hundred k. That's the Hawks. The Hawks gotta get Will soon. The Hawk. Oh oh man. Who you got Man Wizards. They can't win a damn game. Ooh The Wizards ain't won a game in November. That's crazy. They gotta get well soon. I wouldn't even wanna take nobody money but if you ain't won a game all month, man we gotta get somebody who game money back bro. Yeah man. Get well soon. Show man This show is undefeated man. Y'all crazy. Nothing Like it man. Listen man my get well soon man. Listen I was on Amazon the other day, holidays coming up. I wanted to give you something nice to have in the house, you feel me? Right on Freak Mike, appreciate you nasty. You know what I'm saying? Had to take care of the crib. Got me a little G.


What you get? I'm gonna get this nigga a higher chair. Alright. That's what y'all need to get this nigga Likehe sitting at a gamer chair. Hey why even said our production budget wasn't that great to get the chair I wanted. Oh sorry this nigga can't even get the box nigga like that. Like Chucky trying stuff. So I'm always get the box, listen, be, you know what I'm saying? Grab me a little. So for the holidays, you see this LED DJ. This is for Quinn Johnston though. I thought I was gonna need this for the holidays besides to my boy Qj because listen, I need you to use this to see how to catch a football again. Go look at some Jamar Chase videos, you know what I'm saying? Justin Jefferson, whoever put this to you.


So for the holiday dance last game zero catches. That is not the vibes bro. So I'm gonna give this to you man so you can cover the squad man. Who was it? Quinn Josta. Who we play for Charter Get healthy. My boy. Damn I had Bo, I put money on y'all. You ain't catch shit. Yeah man. Monday night football was real rough man. The Ravens got the win but I ain't get the Win Fantasy or in my pockets man. I'm hurt. Say who? Who we played for? I put money on you. I did, I put money on the Chargers man. It's fucking show I put money on the Chargers man. You remember man you yesterday. Yesterday you got Raven Charger. I had money on the Chargers man. The crowd is yours.


Oh shit. But he deal with you drafted. I used drafted. Come on man. Love. Come on Coach Club five 20:10 PM I'm fitted with the Chargers that night. The crown is yours man. Boy Jesus Be here man. You gotta crash out Parlay man to take us into the, that was the crash out. Oh me quit John. This whole show been a crash out. No, but this one's gonna flip the goddamn dinner table over Tomorrow. I got Kyrie for 30. Carl Anthony Towns for 12 plus rebounds. Donvan Mitchell for 25 points Been a big maam. 20 points. I liked It.


Me Up Zach Levine, 25 points. Jimmy Butler 25, Jordan Poole for 20 points. Flip this bitch over a thousand dollars wins you $279,879 again. A thousand dollars wins you a grand total of $279,879.


Bro. We getting money where I can do this Parlay at? Be here only At Draft Kings. The crown is Yours. That's what I'm talking about. You was promo called Club five 20. Get you a little extra bonus bet in for first time sound.


What they, what they say on the Waynes Brothers? What was that song? What they talk about? Money pops. Big old things spot. We get money around here. Oh, big. How big old J? Anything less? It is a mess. We getting money around here. Alright, I appreci y'all. Hey man, listen, we appreciate y'all tuning in man. Have a great holiday. Y'all be safe. We'll catch out again of next week, man. Make sure y'all eat good man. Yeah, don't eat bad. Yeah, make sure y'all get some good Turkey man. No ham, no pork on my fork. Be here. You got any Thanksgiving recipes for the people? Nah, hell no, bro. I'm here to kill you. I heal you.


There you have it Hendrick. Cater here to end it all. We'll see y'all next week. Your fresh meal. Hey, Shout out to Sanders. Y'all ain't worth for damn because y'all be scamming sending them weak ass place but Five 20 In The, Morning, The Volume.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound on it to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


You're at a bar looking for a new beer. When you smell a citrusy aroma, it smells like sunshine and oranges. You see the bartender pouring a beer that looks refreshing. Only one problem. You have no clue how to pronounce the name. Is that even English? The bartender is now heading your way as you're about to order. Nice cold ly you hear. Can I get a highlight? Highlight the best beer you probably can't pronounce.


Giden Zone AutoZone. Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? So you've got an oil change coming up. You can go farther and save on full synthetic with our oil change special. Right now you can get five quarts of Bline Advanced full synthetic with an STP Extended Life oil filter for just 33 99. Get the parts you need when you need them@autozoneorautozone.com. Get in zone AutoZone Restrictions apply.


This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 OMG. As a Delta skymile member, you already know how to experience the world like no one else. Now with Sky Miles experiences, you have special access to a collection of unforgettable events. From concert backstage passes and courtside seats for your favorite team to one of a kind dining wellness retreats and more. All available by using your miles now is your moment to unlock more once in a lifetimes and find an experience for you on delta.com/sky miles experiences, not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


Stay farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when an unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.