
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Dell technology is celebrating with the anniversary savings on their most popular tech. For a limited time only, save on select NextGen PCs, like the XPS 16, powered by Intel core ultra processing or more. Plus, curate your dreams. Set up with a great deals on select monitors. Mice and more must have electronics and accessories you shop online. With dell.com/deals, you'll have access to leading edge technology to match with forward thinking, spirit, and free shipping on everything. Again, that's dell.com/deals.


This is Mel Reed l PT tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. And We've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, an IHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you right, three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and right at night and after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world related. I'm your host, my name is DJ Wells joined us wonderful morning by my two brothers to my left bishop. He to my right, my brother t fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up my boy? We back. We Back there. Hey y'all, we sorry man. I don't know if y'all saw the graphic or not. You know we had to take a business trip to a TL to handle some business man. So we gonna make up for it on the next couple days though. Yeah, for sure. We will be back in here on Friday to make up for the two days we missed man. A lot of basketball took place man. Let's get straight to it man. Revenge game last night, man.


Dallas, Lakers. Lakers got the dub yesterday. 1 0 7 to 99. Man. Luca got to beat his old team. Before we even get into the, that type of the statistics and stuff to you, what's it like to play a former team? Man, It's always a good energy. You'd probably be a little nervous. You don't know what to expect. My first time going back to Atlanta. Mm, it was a little emotional I guess, but it was fun. We gotta a win. Glenn Robinson hit the game. Winner shot GR three. The homie got a a gub for You? Yeah, he hit the game. Winning shot was turned. Hey, did you, did they give you a tribute video? Yeah, they tried to make me cry but I was gangster.


I held it in. I think it's far when, You know what I'm saying? When players get acknowledged, but I always feel bad for the people like them third or fourth dudes in the trade that come back to that team man. They don't get no tribute. Yeah like hey I was here too. Don't, don't play with me like that. Nah, You didn't do enough. I was solo so I was one of one All shit. For sure. Listen man, really, really good game. Yesterday, LeBron had 27, 12 and three went crazy. Took him home in the fourth of 16 Luca with the tripled dub. 1915 to 12 him LeBron and Russell Westberg are the only players in NBA history to have triple doubles against every NBA team. He did Hard pretty, he did that pretty quick didn't he? Yeah. Yeah. It was just like you were six or something. Yeah, I think this might be year six, year seven for Luca.


And we talking about LeBron, You know, been in the league what, 30,000 years and Russell Westbrook is like year 13, 14. Nah, Westbrook like 17. Yeah, I gonna say yo. Yeah, I'm underselling on that too. Yeah, that's crazy though. That Luca got that many triple doubles with That's crazy. Seven, eight years in the league got ready for sure. And man Kyrie was hooping as well with 35 and seven. Clay was looking like old Clay yesterday, man. 22 and eight and Officer Reeds with 20 and five. Man, please tell me, I saw this game yesterday. No it was a good game. Officer Reeds is special though. Yeah, hooping That. That best third option in the league. You don't really hear people talk about shit like that a lot. But yeah he, he one of them ones bro. Yeah, He raw. Yeah he he's definitely in consideration for it for sure. I don't know if I remember we had that conversation.


I don't know if he's Number one but he's damn sure worthy of the conversation man. He had a hell of a black history mode. Officer Reeves is killing in February. People kept saying I was out of pocket when I kept saying he like a star. Yeah but like I said, he baby Luca, they like yeah right. Then you watch him play. He is. Yeah He threw that name out there and people got tight. They got tight. He's not fucking with that take at all. Like I said, he a star. You know the All Star, You know a superstar. He a star though. Yeah and that's definitely a star. I mean see how he played the game, how he fit in with Luka and LeBron. I didn't think it was gonna be that easy of a, You know, transition for him. But man he looked great For sure man. The Lakers have been playing very, very well. Especially since the trade day are four and two.


Man. I know we got a lot of Laker hate up here on the podcast. But you think it is a team that could do something in the playoffs? Could they at least get to the conference finals? No, I don't know. They it is early bro. I don't like putting that Y'all did that to the Warriors this year, the beginning of the year. You know what I'm saying? Not to put that type of karma on the Lakers but I mean they gotta be healthy bro. The Warrior Back Though. You're gonna say yeah we gonna talk about them too. Jimmy got Back Rocky. I've been talking about before Jimmy got there, You know shit got a little rocky so You know what, what I'm saying, respect it. It is still early so I ain't gonna lie. The Lakers ain't a team you wanna play in the playoffs though bro. No. Like with Luca and LeBron. That's right Bro. Them two dudes can win a series on they own like by themselves.


Yeah, so like to see them in a playoff and you got like LeBron doing what he did last night, just taking over in the fourth quarter. Yeah. That's why I don't wanna see OKC play them. Nah, that's a bad look for them. Yeah That's a, that's a tough matchup. Yeah They at the fourth spot right now man. That'd be a bad, bad Match like the Rockets. That's not a good matchup for them. No, No. All them young guys against them seasoned vets. Yeah And they know how to like pick apart defenses like everybody talk about Luca and Brian passing skills but if y'all start watching the game, that boy Luca's special man That pass he did the yesterday ar bro come on bro. Robinson Lane over the shoulder. Come on man. That's ridiculous bro. I don't say shit just for no reason.


That's that's in his bad. I I don't make this shit up. That's in his bad. You don so LeBron can Never nah See, see LeBron can pass on this Wednesday. We missing a couple episodes. Lobing this bitch up today. LeBron can, nah LeBron got all that skill set and they, everybody send me a bunch of highlights of Brian doing all these passes and I'm like he's gifted as a pass. He definitely is But that boy Luca man even Brian said I'm a wide receiver naturally he a quarterback. That should tell you a lot For sure. I'm looking at this, this is very, very interesting 'cause like you said the Rockets definitely don't wanna see the Lakers first round. I definitely wouldn't wanna fall to six to see Denver either. You gotta, you gotta pick your poison between them two.


Shit I don't want, I really see Denver than the Lakers. Mm I know for Rocket team the yo is the best player in basketball. I get that. Oh which I got just number two and three on the same team. Yeah but like damn if Jamal Murray and Luca and the the help is better And Jamal Murray is back. Yeah Jamal Murray is back. I like Aaron Gordon and Michael Porter over the help over there in nah the Lakers listen I'm more dependable. I got two Who, Who more if they healthy Aaron Gordon and Michael Porter Jr. It's like better role players than the Lakers role players. Yeah but you don't understand. You don't, you got two of the most dynamic players to ever touch a basketball on the same team and you got Austin Reeves who the third option can go off for 20, 30 points any given night.


But you got the two most dynamic players in the league right now besides Yoic it is Luca and LeBron like they on the same team bro. Which is crazy to see still They are on the same team. Rob I See this how Come? Correct look This is how crazy it is. If LeBron sit out, Luca could still win a series by himself. L look You you play I respect you out bro can still win a series by himself. I respect everything you say bro. When it come to pro sports bro. I swear to God I do but if that nigga LeBron James sit out then we're gonna beat the fuck outta them. Brom not saying that. I'm not saying they was playing different.


I'm saying they could win a series. I'm saying against whoever it Is as they play the Rockets basically Russell Westbrook, Jamal Murray, Micah Porter Jr. Aaron Gordon is is better helped than the Lakers bottom four. The only reason I'm saying is 'cause I've seen this, I seen Luca do this because before Kyrie even got to the mass. Mm he ain't have much help. We had Jaylen Brunson was hooping but it was a young JB he was only averaging 18, 16. You know what I mean? It was a Austin Reeves type of moment. Yeah And I seen him go in there and win series and destroy the Clippers when they had all them dudes PG Lou Quad Now Luca, Luca do his big shit for Sure.


Yeah. So I'm saying you got the dude with that capability on your team and right now he look like the second option. What the fuck? Like what? Yeah They, They look a little crazy but like you said that West you can't de nobody at this point. Nah because I'm looking at look into the Timbers. I was looking at where they at right now. I know they've been up and down for sure but I'm not mad at them staying at seven 'cause I like you said, I don't think that they scared of Memphis. Not with my young boy. Yeah not with ae but I damn sure wouldn't wanna see the Nugget Talking about Rob. Oh okay. Yeah. Yeah Rob might get on that island might get lonely Here. Shout to Rob but that's Ja Morant We ain't ducking no red, we ain't ducking no red And Anthony Edwards is not gonna let him duck but Tell we not ducking no red.


Yeah I much rather see Ja Morant to go see Yogi. It's crazy. Or LeBron DeLuca's. I love Minnesota. I just don't think they ready for Ja now For sure. Alright well let's not get too ahead of ourselves for sure. I'm sorry I didn't mean threw that out there but yeah the West, like you said it is crazy right now but that whole scenario with the team of like Nico looking at Luca warmup yesterday. That was funny man. That's yeah, It is what it is man. I'm glad to see Kyrie in good spirit. Kyrie was dogging yesterday. Yeah 35 piece for sure. He He's, yeah he's raw. Yeah man I hope they get Anthony Davis and Lo back man. I hope so man. That'd be fire for sure. Facts is that super check question J Carter said Jet, what's your cold Carmela Anthony memory, he's my favorite player Man kind of question is that off the bro?


We talking about Luca and the Lakers. He pulled Carmelo outta nowhere. I ain't Think you gotta gimme some time. I wasn't thinking about Carmelo Anthony bro. That's that's what, that's the curse with story time with you. Yeah but I just, I wouldn't no refunds either. I just Hey Bitch you paid 10. That nigga tell a story every day on YouTube don't he? I wouldn't think About no Carmelo Anthony bro. I'm sorry. Like that Was just random As hell. You know how wild that is. We're damn near Poolies But they, I think People think the stories are like we playing talking about a story. No They really do. This is an example y'all that shit just be flowing Justing.


I'm just randomly just make up stuff in my head. It be just natural stuff. This nigga Mr. Rogers. But like I'm like what that nigga just slide you a test. Hey tell me a story. It's crazy. Yeah like that's wild. I don't know that one For sure man. Shout out to the shooting chat. We love y'all and Irritated Just random like I'm gonna like Oh man y'all are hilarious Y Carnival fuck come on show man. Shout out to you with your $10 Dr. Our voice make it 20 next time The Warriors crushed the Hornets yesterday built a ass situation 1 28 92. Hey man they 61 since Jimmy been a warrior man And what's crazy is I was watching the game before last and I didn't realize that he joined that team and they was on a five game road trip.


Yeah that's gotta be annoying as hell for you to join a new team, live in a new city and you ain't even pulled up to a new city for like three weeks a day on a road trip. Ah, that's that's crazy Man. Glad to see you Don getting to the team getting straight to work and then working out for him so that's dope that they six to one for sure. Tell you what's been the biggest difference you've seen between the Warrior before and the Warriors now with Jimmy? Well naturally Jimmy is like a glue guy. Like if You know Jimmy Butler, he got, he's a star. We know that You know he can take over games but naturally he a glue guy from his days in Chicago with D Rose and all those guys. He was a defensive mind player, did all the hustle things and that's what the Warriors needed. Another guy who could guard also Jimmy can score but he do all the little things like Draymond and they needed another Swiss army knife type player and got that kind of persona.


Like he just bring that kind of energy. He expect to play hard when you see Jimmy Butler and I think he raised a level of play for everybody. You See like BP the white kid on their team, the lefty. Yep. Brzezinski. Yep. He playing harder. You got guys coming off the bench, the energy just a little different and I think it was good to have another voice. I mean I know people hear Draymond all day but like they probably was tired of hearing him. Yeah. You know how some people you can kind of mute out like man, he always talking shit and you hear him talk about being a champion and shit and you respect it but you be like man you had eight last night. Yeah. You know what I mean? But then you see Jimmy coming here and he got that same energy and a new voice but he got 17 and 10, You know what I mean?


You like oh shit, the energy different. And they looking at him like yeah all right Dre, we know you've been a part of Dynasty but I seen Jimmy take two teams to the finals as Uno. So like you said the buy-in in that situation, like you said the culture that he brings, You know what Jimmy wanna get paid, you gonna get paid. Yeah. But you can tell the whole energy around that team is different for sure. Yeah It, it is just different And I mean I'm not saying like Draymond ain't valuable, Draymond definitely value but you just, if you've been around somebody long enough yeah You know how to ignore him or stop hearing him. That's True for Sure. Sometimes you need some different kind of love. So Jim Paul, Jimmy would come in and You know and he do well with young guys. Like he always take young guys under his wing and like get real cool with 'em. Like if you go look at all the teams, when Tyler Hero first came to Miami, that was his guy, all young dudes and when we was on Minnesota he took Ty Jones and all them then with his guys they was all young, they all rock with Jimmy, he took care of 'em and everything.


So I'm pretty sure he probably doing that with BP and the rest of them young dudes on the way. Yeah, I was gonna say very interesting to see what they do with Young Camming under his tu list too. 'cause he might, he might teach him some tools to really get him paid for sure. Yeah. IBM man they right behind the Clippers man. Getting Warriors make a move. The Warriors are are better than Clippers. Ah, with Jimmy? Yeah. Okay, Now you, you was hot on the Clippers all Year man and them still my guys but I'm a realist though. Okay. Just, I don't know. Jimmy and Steph is is a scary duo as well. Yeah and they jelling already so I, I see them if they play the Clippers it is probably unrealistic but I think they'll get them up outta here quick.


Dang for sure. Mike could you pull up that Warriors roster? I forgot the bigs name. We, me and you told about it. I yeah I don't wanna fuck up his name. Hey he's been the crazy addition for them like contributing wise. I know he been on a team but Show him some respect. He would struggle with Z back but I mean that zoo You know he gonna get 2020 for sure. Keep scrolling. Yeah I just like they roster. There We go. Quinn Post. Hey respect. Yeah he been, he been knocking down shots, He been playing very, very well for that team. He took my guy trace minutes. Yeah, yeah, yeah it's pretty much over for Trace right now. I mean keep your head head down Seven footer though. Keep your head down and keep working but For sure.


Yeah the minutes and drive it up over there. Yeah for sure. Little bit different to go stay right now man. Shout out to the warrior man. We'll see what they do as the season continues man. Sons lose again in OT to the Grizzlies man. 1 51 1 48. Crazy, crazy game yesterday on Ja Morant winning signed yesterday with 29, close it out in the fourth with a smooth 15 Triple J win. Crazy well yesterday with 28 and your magic number is six rebounds for real. Andrew Wig is gonna get 20 points. Triple J go get six rebounds. That's crazy bro. But nah that's a just a wild game to score 151 points is is Crazy. You know it was OT but still like high scorers DBA had 25 and nine KD 26 8 and seven Buck hat 28 and 10 Bill hat 24 and 11 man games like this man expect the suns to try to win but they two and a half games out the play.


Is it just, it's just vibes right now it's to Cancun. It is but I wish you was still getting this same type of production throughout the season. Like from everybody you gonna lose some of course but they need to be clicking like this and I don't think it's gonna be consistent enough for them to make some noise. That ain't even clicking. They was just playing open gym. But I'm saying it just seemed like they was just more comfortable though bro. Like I don't know wasn't nobody in each other way. It's kinda like nigga just go hoop. Yeah it is all about stats right now. Everybody's trying to figure out what a vacation spot gonna be. Yeah I'm just not a fan of the team. You were early on that. Yeah I'm not a fan. It's two of the same players like book is a six five kd.


Yeah everybody is two guards. Yeah high level two guards too. Yeah they not, none of them is like James Harden who can go to the point guard. Nah that ain't Be efficient so yeah you right. Alright so I gotta ask y'all this question. Who's the only person that's gonna stay in Phoenix? We obviously them three, two gotta go. I wish everybody would go Devin Booker Two. Yeah I wish everybody leave Bud alone. Book gonna Stay. Book gonna be the franchise Book gonna stay. I think they gonna trade kd. I mean 'cause the way the contracts set up KD do for what? A supermax another one That's wrong. I don't think nobody going to, I mean somebody will pay Kevin Durant obviously but I don't think they wanna pay him that much and they team is like that.


Yeah hell Because Bill, bill got the no trade clause so You Know what to is. Yeah he said he like it there. Love the Phoenix weather so the Only person you can get rid of, rid of is KD and obviously his contract's up for extension if they signing him back. I would be very surprised because that team just underperforming Man I would be damn if I'm gonna be in tax and we barely making the playoffs. I was gonna say no that's the worth it. That's the point right there that people missing and they ain't got nothing to do about what they care about that product next year because they gonna sell all them jerseys. Owners ain't paying that tax bro. Yeah somebody gotta go That's a Fuck for sure. Ja Ram man been up and down the season a little bit of injuries but man listen is he still that one that you gotta fear He healthy?


Yeah bro. Yeah That's why I, I like them over the over Minnesota if that ever came across 92 7 match up. For sure. Yeah and shout out to Ja Morran man. I know he got some unfortunate news about some family situations that took place right before the game yesterday for him to come out and still play at a high level on top of the things he's been going through personally this last year. I mean feel how he feel about it but like we just talked about his home getting broken into stuff like that. Like that does weigh on people man. It Does. And he been injured too That on top of it. So mentally Ed physically he's had an up and down year for sure man I know Memphis has still been playing good when he's there or not but still man. Yeah you talking about those how many times he shot yesterday? Yeah it Ja man he once except for 25 yesterday but most importantly he hooped out in the fourth quarter.


Shoot as much as you want to. As long as you get the dub They just need him on the floor bro. It's okay for Ja Run to have a bad game bro. Yeah bro. He's a franchise for sure. Yeah. Hey Triple J man he might get this DPOI that means he gonna be eligible for the Supermax. He won't be getting that. They gonna trade him before they give him their five year 3 45. They ain't gonna trade him. They just not gonna offer him the Supermax like it'll sound, it'll look crazy for them to offer him 3 45 and Luca already said the blueprint. Well Dallas Mavericks did. If they was willing to trade Luca just 'cause they didn't wanna pay him that much money, they not gonna do that with Triple J. Well what y'all doing with 3 45? Nobody's getting it.


I retired Five years. Think whatever his four year max is going to be from a different team, they just gonna offer him that or like a little more than the four year max. They not going to max him out a super max. No, if they do I'll be very surprised. I mean that'll be, I hope he get it. Shit it ain't my money but I'll be surprised if he get 3 45 That would be interesting. So that is kind of, I ain't gonna say it's a smart play but a business minded play. Alright. I'm only gonna offer you 3 0 5. The other team only offer you what is it, four year what probably may be 55, 60 each year. Yeah Whatever it is I'm gonna offer you. I can only offer you 55 or 60. I'm gonna offer you 61 and then you can't be unhappy 'cause you only can get 60 from that team.


Yep. Yeah but you, I gave you more you You being petty giving me a dollar bro. That's a million. I'm saying that's how you looking at it though. That's from a business level. You like I'm gonna get this nigga extra dollar. You said don't treat you like the price is right. I mean You purpose said they averagely 61. What you gonna Do? I just, because I can't give Jaron Jackson 345 million. You getting the highest paid player in the NBA and you average six rebounds. I Was very say the six rebounds they gonna be you already mad. Now You Know how I feel I love Triple J though. And if Ja Marant don't play, you probably not gonna play like, You know what I mean? Like no and I'm not hating bro. It's just What happens.


That's what the, I'm an owner, that's what I'm looking at like man I'm not about to get it man. What? Yeah He get 61,000,060 rebounds there gonna say so much eight on Hill. Nah he And then talking to some of my friends that's in the, You know in the front office and stuff. They was like that y'all not gonna see them kind of deals no more. You getting paid off your production from now on watch. And I was like damn you think so? He is like you ain't gonna see them outlandish deals for like guys averaging 10 points. He's like they ain't gonna do it no more. Mm Damn. That's what he was telling me. Believe guys. Yeah they'd be very interested to see how free agency goes the upcoming seasons. But man, shout to Triple Drake man. Get that braid if you can.


My boy who's scoring big in NBA this season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props money lines, you name it, DraftKings got it all. New customers, now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus. Best instantly take us to the Rack to DraftKings sports book where every point counts. Download the app today, use Code Club five 20. Yes that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets for just five bucks. Only on DraftKings the Crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope Y or text Hope Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio


Dell technology is celebrating with the anniversary savings on their most popular tech. For a limited time only, save a select NextGen PCs like the XPS 16 powered by Intel core Ultra processor and more, unleash more possibilities with cutting edge systems. There's most advanced features and great prices. Plus curate your dream. Set up the deals on select monitors. Mice and more must have electronics and accessories when you shop online. dell.com/deals. You'll have access to the state-of-art technology to match your forward thinking, spirit and free shipping on everything. Anniversary Servings await you for limited time only at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel and Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like. Plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda BNIs. So if you want keep up with us and here is the app. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Rockets. Took care of the books yesterday. A hundred ten ninety seven. Really, really close game yesterday. Jaylee Green went off for 25 yesterday. Giannis Hooped out 27, 10 and six. Game had 22 Sha gun with crazy yesterday with 23 and 11. Man. Hey at Rocket's team man. Even young boys, they, they can hoop man. They're very entertaining basketball right now. Like across the board, like with a young team, you see a lot of rookie mistakes sometimes in it's C situations. But they play a really good brand of basketball, man. Yeah, They remind me of OKC last year. Mm. We was fans of OKCI like that. We liked them. They, they, they was exciting for the year playoff time. They just didn't have that experience. I think that's gonna be the same thing for the Rockets.


Yep. But they, they a good team though. For sure Man. Great future team Man. Who would you say is the best player on this Rockets team? Jalen Green. Okay. I think they just got a, I think they collab well Like I think Thompson Twin is special. Jalen Green is the, probably the highlight player. He probably the most explosive player they got offensively but the best players obviously I don't even know how to say his name. I ain't going butcher the center. Yeah, yeah. He makes a lot happen for that team. Yeah but Jalen Green's the most explosive player For sure. I only ask that question 'cause I wonder next year how that answer will go because if Thompson takes another leap like he did this year, No they just gotta keep, they just gotta get that experience bro.


They gonna be okay. Houston is in good hands. If they can find a way to keep those players together. Yeah they'll build like OKC like bro said they glad to see teams like that bro. Yeah. What do you think they'll do with fret va fleet next year ball or Yeah, I don't think they trust re re Shepherd. Yeah he, he probably gonna be one of 'em guys to get a chance next year. Mm. Yeah. Get a little more minutes. I think they gonna give him that same Peyton Prichard type of treatment he gonna play. Which is good. Yeah. He gonna play a little bit second year, third year get a play. Keep him for a low number. Yeah. Or four years. 32. You could just trust Fred more For sure.


Yeah. I wanna ask you how I felt about this player yesterday. Thompson got eject for this. Y'all feel like this is a flag too. Yeah he wilding That. He's Ain't even see that motherfucker blow it up. My Yeah you can't grab around nobody neck bro. You wilding. What'd he do? Ah he did that Tiana. It's cool. Just playing. He's playing hard boy Too much. That a TL and you boy. Nah, that's, That's a hard foul. Yanas must said something to him. It was two hands around the neck too. I think that's what got him projected. Yeah like oh boy from the Pistons crash out. I was in Stewart. Yeah He out of there.


They was just like, oh, oh man Look at there. Look at this V-neck hairline. I hate that fucking mustache. I Hate him. Oh we know you hate. Oh hate that brother. Team builder. We got jumped Tony brothers. That's tough Man. I know that young dude though man That's tough. But a lot of people were just like, that should have been flager too. It like the nineties would've been the playoff. Well niggas not the nineties. They Were both. Nah, no can't you can't do that. But I, I love his energy though bro. He got, he got a lot of dog in man. That team is in good hands. For sure. For sure. Man. Last my least about this man. The bucks obviously if they don't get to conference finals it is a ton of blow it up.


Right. Everybody gotta go. Oh y'all, y'all let y'all talk about that. I don't like all this blowing teams up. Shit. I don't be knowing bro. Yeah, It just don't make sense. I think everybody just rock out. It's a waste. Yeah you gotta, if you can't make it to the conference finals or the championship, it's time to go in a different direction. Who you getting rid of first? Obviously Dame gotta go. You gotta trade Dame. You gotta get younger. Okay. Yeah for your future Giannis might want to explore something different so whew Lord Jesus. Where Go they want in 2021? Yeah.


And then 2025 Y ain't really, they ain't made the conference final since huh? Nah 'cause last year, You know what I'm saying? We got 'em up outta there and the year before that. Mm nah Nah they didn't get to compromise in 23. Yeah. So yeah I don't think so. So they went a different direction already traded Drew. That was the biggest herd to their franchise right there. Yeah. Choices were mad. So but you got name? No they got Dame Dames code and they got a chance to make it. I mean it ain't like the Easter week but just it like man we gonna be in this middle of the pack. Yeah that ain't gonna be good.


We spending too much money. Yeah. Yeah. First round. Yeah. That's ugly. Yeah especially if they losing the first round. Ooh now that shit. Yeah now I give it to y'all. Then they losing the first round, They getting That three four matchup. You know who that played the first round right now. Oh let us be Milwaukee again. I Mean four or five matchup and they lose The first round. Yeah. If we beat the Bucks again they gonna break their team up For sure. Yeah. If they losing that four or five Match up. Yeah Bucks need to move to Vegas If we beat 'em that's crazy. But if they fall a six and they get linked up with the Knicks and they lose that three six matchup, that's gonna be tough. Yeah they gonna have to leave.


But You know what if that ends up happening, that's gonna say a lot for both teams. 'cause if the Bucks beat the Knicks at that three spot it is up. Yeah but if the Knicks lose the three C to the Bucks, yeah it is gonna get ugly. I know they decide our own people but there's gonna be some conversations about this season if they losing the first round. For sure. Yeah. Speaking of the Knicks man, are they really contenders? 'cause we look at all the top teams that they played so far. They haven't beat the calves, they haven't beat the Celtics and they have not beat the thunder. Is that just coincidence or? I don't think they play well against quality teams. He was told, I told y'all niggas they come across the thunder. It is boy spanking. It Doesn't look like they really trying to playoffs.


Right. Because I'll say right now, which I have, I hope on them bro because they the Knicks they playing. Well it is them matchups bro. It is different bro. The Celtics, I told you our Celtics are going to sweep them same look how they look right now. It's gonna happen in the playoffs. Yeah. After that Ca c belt ass Situation don't have no I Said woo you Don't have no binge Bro. I've never been sold on the Knicks. Hey I think they had the best duo at a time. Jalen Brunson and Kat were playing well but to win a playoff series, I think they got the formula to be a good team. Like with all those wings. Yeah they be able to switch one through four whatever it is. But the thing that Boston do well they play two bigs and like Cornett and them, they just punish people on offensive glass.


They protect the realm. Well you don't, you don't think much about like Luke Cornett or Al Horford. You don't think about 'em like that. Yeah but they play a significant role for that team. Yes sir. And they can guard on the perimeter better than what they get credit for. Most. Luke Cornett is a really good player. Contributes at a high level for that team. It is. It is Pretty weird 'cause he was in the G League and going back and forth to and if you watch him play he's pretty good for them. Yeah like you said they trust him a lot too. Yeah they trust him a lot Man listen I I believe that the next head full strength could do something but when you look at these types of numbers bro y'all have not be nobody of contention.


For real for real. That's nasty work bro. The NBA going back to two bigs though. Mm. Real power forwards. If y'all watch. Nah I ain't say real power forwards. Nah I ain't talking about Charles Oakley and them. Oh yeah that's long gone. Yeah But if you start watching it, it is gonna be too like just look at the Cavs. Mm. A lot of the successful teams play two bigs. Even the the Celtics start two bigs at times. Yeah. Cavs Thunder gonna start, You know they got Stein Hartenstein even though they, You know don't start all the way all the time together but they just got that's The move though. Yeah You can.


And Gordon yo yolk. So the league is going what you're saying the league's going back to big wings and post play? Nah, I didn't say post Play. No I'm saying like post play but They have bigger, they got more, they got bigger guys who play Power four that are capable of doing more. Oh. So if you even look at like Anthony Davis moving to the four. Yeah. And you got a lively of five. He's still a young athletic five when he gets healthy or whatever Young athletic five can run and get up and down with Anthony Davis who athletic, who run and get up and down but they too tall forwards. I got what you're saying And that's just how the game is about to start going because you can't have these little six.


That's why the, if you watch when the Dallas Mavericks and the Warriors played the other day there was zero rim protection. Yeah. And it would look like, look like open gym. They always just running to the basket, laying it up back cutting. And Dallas needed rim protection and they could've won that game badly. It's over for players like Kenneth Reid. Nah 'cause he got a motor. People like him like Draymond, they got motor. They play bigger than what they are. Like Draymond Green can guard Evan Mobley without a problem. Yeah but that's He need post to play. Like post has to play too, You know what I mean? Yeah. Like it is no more Draymond at the five.


It is like easy. He needs another player with him for sure. Like even like Miami they start Bam and Khalil will. Yeah. You see what I mean? Like it is going back that way For sure. Man listen I made a Knick take that I would like to walk back a little bit 'cause if I seen Top Tip O sub ka and that Boston game and they was getting they ass kicked and he was limping for no reason. Hey bro Tib you gotta chill bro. Yeah I gotta call my guy. They was getting smacked bro. He put K back in the game. I said all right tib like we get it bro. But this is ridiculous bro. He don't care bro. Nah you got a jersey on bro. He you on my bench bro. You getting in the game bro. Tony you trying to make, he be trying to make sure people get they all MBAs and stuff.


Yeah bro. He almost had him out for the season bro. Kat was limping on the court. I said bro what are we doing right now? I don't even like ru for Nicks right now. Do you want this money or not? What you want do bro? I already have It bro. The league is in your hands at this point. Your journey is in your hands Now. Time tip away. Your nerds in my tighten Them ankles up. My boy Get well sued man. Couple games took place last night. Celtics beat the rappers yesterday. One 11 to 1 0 1. JB had 24 and five. JT had 1911 and six. RJ Bear had 22. Scotty Barnes had 22 as well. Cavs beat the sleeves off the magic yesterday. Built a ass situation for show 1 22 to 82. We know we got 90 point rule but T 82 points Magic ass.


Yeah you should call off yesterday. It's a 40 point game. Yeah Man. Call off work. Calves are really good. Very, very good for sure. Pumpkins beat This persons yesterday 1 0 9 2 1 0 3. Trey Murph do went crazy yesterday with 24 freaky Z hat. 18 as well. Couple games night C how y'all feel man? Celtics at Pistons. Celts You gonna CELs? Yeah I'll take the Celtics. Okay, I'm gonna go with the Celtics as well. We will be on playback live for this game today. Tap in for sure. Dang. Gonna do a live commentary for the Celtics at Pistons tonight. Man. Should be fun. We'll send y'all some information. For sure. Sounded like it's surprise. Yeah Boys, I get no days off, No Pt O here at five 20 Baby Raptors at Pacers Raptors.


I don't like the way you said that but we 22 and eight in the last 30 so You know what I'm saying? We gonna cover for for sure 76 ERs at Knicks. Knicks. I agree. So I don't even know why we say seven Sixers anymore. Yeah, Yeah. I'm trying not to cuss respects Blazers at Wizards. Blazers. Blazers. Thunder at Nets Thunder bro. Hawks at Heat Hawks. We just took care of the heat. Ah nah. Heat gonna get this one Free s man we watched that game Clippers at Bulls Clips For sure. Kings at Jazz.


Hmm. I'll say the Kings. Kings Spurs at Rockets. Rockets. Yeah. Alright. Yeah, get well soon man. Shout out to Coach Popovich too man. It's uncertain what's going on with him but we just hope he's healthy man. We don't care about you coaching no more man. You did enough man. Please get well soon. For sure man. Legendary coach man. For sure. Very five buckets be here. Who's been getting to it? Diana, Tara, Rossi. Man I just wanna, she ain't been getting into nothing chilling but she, she one of the goats For sure man. Diana Razzi definitely announced her retirement man. Shout out to the goat. One of the best women's basketball players of all time. For sure Man. I would like to see where they line her up as so far as UConn players.


Her rank Number one Over Maya. Yeah she like cracked the shit off. I mean that's why I mean Rebecca Lobo she made, look Rebecca Lobo cracked it off but like For us to pay attention though, Deion made it like cool her and Sue Bird But she wear like three, two and she was swaggy. That's a hell of a conversation though. I ain't mad at it either. Brian Stewart Always more Breonna. Stewart got the most decorated but Yeah she, that's ridiculous. Damn they got terron, whoever, whatever like so this is is have our 10 That's just leading. That's my points. That's just my points. Oh I didn't know. I thought that was the rank But they team was so much better than like everybody.


It wasn't even, they didn't even get to play. That's So say they were so elite that it didn't matter. Yeah. Nah that's a hell of a lineage. I just, that was random. Nah, I'm trying man. Shout to dt man. One of the coach he ever do is salute for sure I'm gonna go with Kyrie man 35 yesterday. I know they ain't get the dub but shit 35. My boy was getting into it yesterday for sure. Yeah I'm gonna go with Ja Morant 15 in the fourth. Get a big win. Beat the sons shout out to Ja man. For sure man. And last but certainly least man we weren't in here but man I know, You know what I'm saying? The, the game deciding block. But SJ went crazy with 39 and 10 at eight bro. Like Yeah MVP for sure man. MVP for sure. Alright. Be here give well soon.


Who needs some encouragement? This wonderful Wednesday morning Brad Bill. Man Ja Ja cook my boy blood it up on the screen. Got wicked. Hey yeah it got ugly for Brad yesterday and the clutch too. Bow stumble into Hezie. That's tough. Yeah. Ja Ray really liked that for sure man. Mikey Wilson go to PJ Washington big donate yesterday didn't score shit yesterday, zero for nine, three turnovers looked off. Kyrie looked off Clay to shoot some Carlton bullshit yesterday. Normally my boy been hooping but yesterday was not a good effort for PJ.


Man. Get well soon For sure. Yeah. We also have to throw Jonathan Isaac up. Okay. Yeah. Why his shoes? That's that's, that's part two. Yeah. Okay. I got it. This is just high life factor. Yeah. Evan Mob disrespected this man first of block. Hey I know people be dreading that when you get dunked over you like man please bro I can't fall got too late for my boy. Yeah, got wicked. Hey And up with cold man. He fell tumble that like that ain't even his fault.


Too bad. T Eagle you got man. Shit. Whoever else has left get well soon. Oh this is from Monday night for sure, man. SGA get well soon man. Shout to ae. Hey for game. It's a hell of a block. Hell yeah. How y'all feel about Chris Finch talking about the, the Shay Rose. He said okay CB hacking but you can't tell Shay That's part of it bro. What Haying I earned that. I earned that bro. I earned that this year. I asked you that because You know, 'cause ae does he feel like, hey you don't get that whistle. Hey he shoot a lot of threes though. Yeah, He does. Che don't shoot that many threes. He at you the whole game.


Yeah. So it's it is different. It's different. Which one Oh makes sense. RB him people trying to make some money man. What you got for him today RJ? Barry 20. Chris Middleton 15 points. Jason Tatum, 25. Carl Anthony Towns 20 Bam 15 Shay 25 Dear Fox 25, 2 50 wins U 5K today, Two 50 when U 5K today? Yeah. All right.


Shout to draft King man. First time you use, use that promo code Club five 20, get you a little extra, get you some bread for show. Listen, we appreciate y'all man. We miss being in the studio. We'll be back same time tomorrow. Five 20 in the Morning.


The Volume.


This is Mel Reed, l PT tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower and IHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your Podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon, go pick up a kid from school and right at night and after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.