
Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old S sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Thursday. It's five 20 in the Morning. Your favorite sport show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. We got a semi packed house today. We got Bishop, we got five 20 Mook fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening Brody? What's Happening? What's going on man? Crazy night in the league man. We got a lot to talk about today. Yeah man go ahead. Start off with the clip man. You know what time it is. Get Well Soon to the Los Angeles Lakers if you're looking for hate for the Lakers came to the right place. Slow the clip. Slow to D Drake? Yeah. Hey E, talk to him. Not right now. Uhoh. When we get that, that spinning wheel, You know shit.


Get wicked Uhoh Uhoh production team. They Look, they looking like electors As he pool. We got Roy ura Behind the board. Gabe Vincent on the video. We thought we was gonna sign for the clip but We are not. Nah, they beat they ass man. Oh my God. Get the fuck outta here man. I was late. I know why I'm here. Wolves and five. What man say Man, Batman, Superman. The Fuck are they talking about? Think back. This ain't no Dante diva gen jersey. This is a T jersey.


Oh No. DeAngelo Russell the real zero folks. They talking about we here and man we here. How y'all five Alright be here. Who's the real zero in Minnesota? He's fucking Jersey. I wanted to know where you had to go to Fondant jersey. Somebody sent it to me. Fuck is y'all talking about. I ain't think I was here. That's crazy though man. Oh man. Let's get straight to it man. Let's go wolves. Let's go wolves. What they talk about? That's hilarious man. My shit. Hey Man, let's talk about it man. The wolves took care of Lex yesterday.


1 0 3 96 4 1 got the Lakers up out the paint man. This jersey is ly hilarious. We still like our Minnesota Season tickets. We fight for what they talking about. We back it don't And my Nigga got a 49 ERs hat on today. Today to today bro. They told y'all they our four Today is a Day I this Bishop Fat today boy he got the red 49 ERs hat On. Everybody set tripping today man. Hey I know we talk about him all the time, his podcast. But Rudy said boy he's the Cancun yo. 27 to 24 Real. I about to be here real the Real big. I got shit to say he Looked like prom Shaq last night Though. That shit look crazy though. He was talking That that was a for fix.


Y'all forgot to talk about that was the fix that Was not in the script. They were improv that one. You know That was wild. You know what's crazy? They just ruined Oh buddy Career. He's done? Yeah. What's the big man name? Jack Hayes. Jack Hay? Yeah, They cooked him. Yeah they cooked you bro. I mean shit was going good too. And you had a good year bro. They cooked you? Yeah man they put you in the crack. It Ain't over for you. It was already quiet this year bro. We'd rather watch Rudy Goberg get 27 and 24 didn't play you. Yeah bro. They cooked your career bro. And it ain't his fault. That ain't his fault. Ain't his fault because they probably could have helped. He had a good year. He legit didn't play. JJ should have. That's what I'm saying. JJ should have played him but he'd rather not. He'd rather watch Nigga this is So bad they played Maxie Cleaver.


Yeah Nigga my you though bro. Why playing Bro. Playing players player bro. Alright, here we go. He only play like seven players. Shout out to AE man. Troll them niggas. I love it. We gonna talk more about that in the show was like y'all said boy That is a nigga right there bro. He Is turned 18, 21 23 here Lakers in Five Legend bro. The Real, he is a hood nigga Bro. The real JR. Hoop out yesterday be here 23 and four four. He went crazy in the fourth man. Yep. One of the reason why they took it home. A aint had 15 yesterday. He went o from 11 from three, which is crazy but he had 11 Reba and eight assists over 11.


That's Why, that's why I love my niggas. The energy is still high. He don't care. Keep shooting King. He Almost had Triple Dub Though. Yeah, keep gassing your teammates. You got Goldberg playing out his body Prime Shaq bro. Wow. Shaq had to give him a compliment and he was hot. Yeah, he said I'm about to die but I gotta say this before go be to dominate. You can't hate bro. Can't hate hoop. You can't hate Hooping out man. Luca had 28 9 N seven bro had 22 7 N six Man, I I lu, I hate watching Luka play now man. Okay. His Defense is so bad. It's so bad bro. Everybody io you. Yeah, I wasn't even a defender. Not everybody io me like yeah Nico don't look so bad now Bro.


Nico was at home pulled up a good one last night. He looked so bad bro. Nico still looks bad. Yeah, but not as bad as everybody, You know, see some people kind of like see where he was coming from. I see it. Some people Thinking like that now, bro. I I I don't bro ain't This is horrendous Stuff. It is bro. Bitch, I don't like the anonymous source of stuff but a lot of people reached out to me yesterday after y'all had a conversation about who y'all would take over. Luca and I got some very interesting replies for some people who, You know what I'm saying in the basketball where a lot of people just like, hey say what you one about Nico but he ain't no fool. He put a championship roster together last year just like yeah he may not have got what he was supposed to get for Luca but he ain't all the Way crazy. I mean he got Anthony Davis bro. He got hurt but Anthony Davis is not a scrub up bro.


Hell, hell no. Hell no. He not a scrub bro bro. He acting like He's A scrub or something bro. Defense is crazy. It is Crazy bro. Speaking of Anthony Davis, please load up the LeBron Post game. Hilarious bro. That nigga Julius run ISO Luca every single time. That's a bad match. This is Hilarious man. That's a Everybody bad hoe. That's a horrible one though. They traded 80 for this. But basically From mid-January On Louis jacket, hard Elite, you Guys started playing a lot of Centerless. That is well basketball And then once he got back from a, a physical like taxing standpoint, how, how tough was that for the last three and a half months to play that style and do you feel like that caught up at all in this series?


No comment. I never say that my guy said what he needed and that he was gone the following weeks ago. No comment. I put that uniform on every night with everything I had and that's, that's all LeBron's gold. LeBron gets no fuck. You know And people try to test your, your quote on that and everybody's like well actually he got a Point. Yeah. Hmm Bro, he's did as much as he could do with the NBA bro. What else do I need to do? Fuck it. Like why we gonna get a big man? Yeah, Why do I gotta guard Rudy Goldberg? Oh but why do y'all have y'all have him?


Jackson Hayes, Alex Slim. Why y'all just don't get him much chance? Let let Him play bro. At least they tall at the very least. At least. Speaking of tall, could you scroll down a little bit on here, we'll go back up. They got some fouls to give? Yeah. Did y'all see Mark William Sweet? Yeah. Oh he put the see my favorite op, make sure he did. Oh me Shout to him. That's y would've had these problems if we would've fucking had cleared the physical. Yeah that nigga would've got hurt as soon as he got there nigga knee would've been done. Man. That is crazy man. But how do y'all feel about the game last night? Man it didn't even feel like a elimination game last night.


I fuck with JJ Reddick but I think that was just bad coaching. Yeah bro. He made like a U game bro. Yeah, on everything bro. Can I just play five people bro? Bro. Yeah. This is not Peach Jam. You can't have not a center. You got a seven two nigga out here dominating. Yeah. Put a big body out there. Especially When you got all these big niggas on the bench and and we know Rudy Goldberg is not like that. Not at All. The best game of his life. Close. He couldn't score. I'm like well y'all not getting stops either so. Yeah like what the fuck Rudy Obert is having his way. Yeah. I can't get a rebound. Yeah, not at all. You got Rui in the post game talking about some Yeah we just need to get rebounds and niggas like you're six eight, why didn't you go get one nigga? He goes against seven two nigga bro.


On him on top of his head bro. Nigga I'm trying to block out a seven four nigga and I'm a Small four just ran crash. Yeah they got junior six nine. Yeah y'all said nothing and Jay mcda who was six nine like what the fuck bro. That was a play yesterday where Jay McDade was on the wing and Luca was there to guard him bro and didn't do a damn thing bro. He walked past him for a dunk. I said that's crazy bro. Luca bro. I ain't gonna lie. That shit is bad to watch bro. I said it though. I He called on. I Be surprised if they win boy. I start seeing people say it though like oh his back hurt on defense. That nigga cool on offense though. Everybody kept saying it bro. His defense is so bad that I can't even appreciate his offense. Like some nigga's defense was bad. Like why Isaiah Thomas, little Isaiah Thomas was killing.


Yeah. Yeah like niggas just try to go at him but he would pull up a stand like yeah he would try. You ain't about to kill me bro. Not trying. I might not be guarding the best player but you ain't, this nigga not even trying and brass Stevens would at least sch enough to hide Isaiah Thomas for the most part. You know what I'm saying? But nigga would try. Yeah like yeah at some point you could hide somebody all you want at some point. You gotta put some effort up bro. I'm rolling. You have to. Yeah you look at could we scroll up to the timber wheels please? 'cause if you look at the timber wheel shooting bro, this wasn't a while you, we won this game Nas Reed one for four, Lexander Walker three for 11, Dante Zo three for 13, AE five for 19. Like you had everybody shooting sub 500 except for Rudy Gobert who went 12 for 15 and Julius Randall who went for 500, the Lakers should have won this game.


If they had a little bit of resistance they could have been having a game six right now. Man Julius Rendell was picking on that man. He was hooping yesterday. He was real JR. And know it got to the point that they had to start sending doubles. That's how Mike got that open three, all that shit bro. I fuck with JJ Reddick bro. But that just wasn't a good, he didn't coach that game well bro. And You know what, he got s static before the game 'cause they was talking about the previous game four. They were just like hey you didn't, you played your whole starters the whole second half like what are you on bro? And it was like he got pissed and stormed out. But what people don't know is I, I've interviewed JJ and and like the post pregame stuff as a player, JJ don't play that shit. This his own brand for him like he did, he's acting like that as a player. So he was gonna be like that as a coach. But man playing started Where crazy like give a fuck about all that bro.


But you did just make some adjustments. All that tough ass shit bro. That shit is corny like smoke Mirrors. Yeah bro. Just basically You can't do nothing wrong. Yeah You did like something wrong bro. Yeah and that's okay bro. That's a part of it. I mean we always blaming the players because I know they gotta play. But then when you literally not playing a motherfucker like you nigga you say Hey bro, sub my nigga in, like the players don't do that so I'm nothing. Yeah, Look at the minutes last night for your subs. You got 20 minutes from Jerry Redder belt. You got 26 minutes from game visit. Like you said Maxie Cleaver got missed. Who ain't played in months? He got five minutes in but everybody else played majority of the game. Man, I'm nothing on talking to Bronny the whole game bro. You can't keep Who Brony bro. Put me in the mix. Nah, 'cause I, I mean y'all was one of the first people to really gas up Jackson Hayes, You know what I'm saying?


He's Having a good year. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I don't even understand why that's not even a thing for him to get in. But it is what it is. Get these niggas the fuck outta here. Dorian Finney Smith Boy Go the fuck Holmes. My boy black in my house, boy name the rest of them. Okay, Let's go pull the roster back up. Let's go Get Well Soon. Entire Lake squad we can go to it. Yeah Don Connect boy I know you mad. You ain't in Charlotte. Hell yeah. Don't pt get him the fuck outta here. Yeah Alex Lynn, you coulda came and been a winner. You got what you deserve. Get the fuck outta here Keith Morris. Free him. This should put my name Keith in the game. Put Keith in. At least he would've foul a nigga. Yeah he would've. You know what I'm saying? Pushed Rudy or something. Shake Milton free my boy too. Yeah man it will soon to the Lakers man.


Yeah Keith man. Go where you celebrated bro. They got you fucked up in LA man. Alright so what's up man? This Lakers scene, what's, what's happening this off season? Man, LeBron gonna retire. Y'all think it's over? Nah, he gonna play one more year. Oh LeBron getting the last dance I told Y'all man. LeBron got five more in him though. I wish that, I wish that he retired. I wish he retired though. 'cause I don't like seeing that shit though with LeBron. Like I see niggas like Dante and that's my guy. But what's guarding kind of making a little tough like what the fuck? Yeah bro. He bumped the shit out. LeBron. Yeah like nigga shit that just didn't happen to LeBron. I'm starting to see it be happening to LeBron like, like Mike Conley blocking his shot. I'm like damn Mike pin or shit.


Like, You know what I mean? Like I told you bro, when I seen Brad bill pimp LeBron shit bro. I said bro I don't like seeing this bro. When I seen Mike Conley block it, I'm like yeah that was good Mike. I'm like nah, nah not the king bro. Like what's going on bro. And shout out to Mike Conley with a clutch ass shot in the fourth, fifth tonight. Yeah, nap town's finest. 18 year point guard blocking bro. Yeah, that's crazy. Six foot. Yeah. I'm like we gonna have to hang this one up. We Got one more year man. Yeah. So we can go out the right way. What do the Lakers do right? What do, what do you add to this team? 'cause Y got lu, I ain't supposed to have nothing else. What? What do they do to be a competitive team next year? They gotta get some more. Brian gotta be the fourth option. Okay. Or at least third Gotta get in shape.


He gotta Get in shape. So they gotta get a Yeah Luca got line play defense but they gotta get another player that can take the scoring load and LeBron can just get 16, 17. They never, as long as they got Luka Doncic or like a James Harden type person, y'all never, them teams never gonna win championships bro. They don't play defense bro. It's too, you got too, it's a liability bro. Too much of a liability. But at least James guard the post on the switch, You know what I'm saying? He'll get some effort bro. That boy Luca just like, all right. Yeah he can get an effort but they never gonna win with him either bro. He had too many lapses on defense bro. Damn that just tough man. Super check Gorilla says Jeff, that jersey don't fit you and I want all the smoker here. Y'all ain't whooping me. Y'all tripping. Shout to you Gorilla. Whoever you may be. Ah, he supposed to be the go or whatever.


You lame as hell. You made a a Yeah a burner account being Gorilla. Yeah you lame as fuck. At first I thought it was GL gonna say oh that's a different conversation but shout out to you. You lame as hell. Super Chat says Anton was walking the streets talking about Anton. Who fuck is that? Who Ant, oh An an On Shout to the typos boy hooked on phonics and was walking through talking about like in far away I happy to see me. Y'all sent y'all home. I'm mad I'm going after Aisha. Howards nevermind that but appreciate the donation. King Darvin Ham made it to the Western conference final but JJ can't even get past the first round after acting like he was smarter than everybody.


Motherfuckers calling him the next Pat rally. Talk about EMD. Yeah, Darvin would never he Yeah actually he would. He said salute when that nigga did that in the huddle bro. I was crying. Salute my boy with the clipboard. Drawn with the plays. That nigga said stop fouling, I see y'all working out salute King. I said yeah D him. Your time is up bro. Yeah, assistant coach of is ain't know it's crazy. He out there with Doc ducking all the smoke because Doc is getting all the hell from the blues. Not DM playing and said go kill, Get it done man. Hey stop playing.


They was call him Martin for rebound go to work. King Martin for Rebound is crazy. That's how we be in the huddle. Nigga kill Kill you can't get by him. Oh my god. That's some Real shit though. Yeah like you can't get by him. Oh man. Now listen for the Minnesota Timber Wolves, You know what they did last year, now they advanced to the second round. Had a lot of, You know what I'm saying? Adversity this year be here. Do you believe now You know them always still my guys but I, they they to me I feel like they overachieved this one. Oh. But You know what I mean, I'm, I'm standing by 'em for sure. Alright man I think it was a good matchup For 'em.


But I think they'll honestly, I think they'll beat the shit out of these next teams whoever come out this side. Alright. I don't think they'll beat Houston but I think they'll beat the Warriors. Nah, Houston Macho will with them. Houston got bigs they rebound, they got young wings That guard that competitive. Dylan Brooks gonna make it competitive with ae. He going to fuck him up bro. Okay. I ain't saying he ain't gonna fuck him up but he gonna make it competitive. Yeah. Tar East ain't gonna compete. Thompson twin ain't gonna compete. They like real competitive defensively. Yeah I like that analogy. They got a lot of body though. Ae Paul but yeah, size match up. It might be close but yeah for sure man let's go ahead and talk about it man. Rock has beat the sleeves afterwards yesterday 1 31 to one 16.


How you just going laugh out loud like that y'all? No he just said like Flex like he was Hey ever since Malcolm Mike it's been real different in here man they back there wrestling nigga. What the fuck Mike got his headphones on too. You know that nigga get his comfort zone nigga. He start putting him headphones around nigga wrestling headphones with the water. That nigga think he Scott Stein, he was wrestling with Walkman headphones. Nasty work man. It's a lot of broadcast here. Be professional but man shout to the Rock for handling business yesterday. Fred Van Fleet with crazy 26 Thompson twin hooping again 25 63.


Dylan Brooks hat 24 Ain't going with crazy with 15 9 9 almost a triple dub. Moses Moody showed up yesterday with 25 and nine but other than that man it was a whole belt to ass situation. Steve Kerr put the subs in with about half way to go in the third. He definitely said fuck this game. Yeah We gonna get ready for the next game bro. He Said we got three to win. Yeah we got, we got three chances to win one we good man. Alright so if you were Rock, do you feel confident in this like alright we can make a comeback? No. Okay. Yeah it's Tough. I mean they played well in every game down there. It ain't never been no blowout on the Warriors end. Like I don't think so. When the last game at home was a good game. Yeah, I was gonna say it's been close games for sure.


It's been close games. I think it's the only real blowout. Yeah. Even game one where I was beating sleep block them, they still came back. Yeah. And made the close game for sure. So yeah that, that was the first blowout of the series. Yeah it is been close game so they can, I don't know. I think the Warriors can get won Bro. Yeah I think they will. Mm. Steph's thumb is that a cause of concern? Nah, but I like what Dylan Brooks is doing. Yeah. Keep hitting that motherfucker. Yeah. If that shit hurt nigga worse. Worst part of the game. Part of the game. Yeah it is part of the game. He Look I was playing Steph, I would grab his hand. I swear we be running up the court, I'll just grab it and punch at it all type of shit. Basketball bro. Yeah bro. People do that bro. I definitely would do that. We seen far worse if he was guarding me like I would rip through.


Like Imagine if he was playing against Draymond Green bro. What he would try to do to him Bro? Draymond Green might Nancy Kegan that nigga bro. Yeah I swear I would grab his hand every time he came off a screen I would just hold his thumb. Damn Chris Paul would definitely do that bro. That's what you Supposed to do. Nah I just, you are supposed to do that. No, just go play basketball. That's part of the game bro. All basketball players do stuff like that. That is gotta hurt. You got hurt foot? We going at their foot. Yeah, all That. That gonna step on my foot. Nah, I ain't step on. I'm doing nothing intentionally but I'm going run at you. I'm gonna smack your thumb bro. Yes. And you shoot too. I'm Trying to pull it and break it and I, Every time you about to go up for a shot and I gotta reach all you go to the basket and I gotta take a foul.


I'm swiping at that hand. Yeah. I ain't gonna try To hurt you but I'm gonna So y'all saying today they going that nigga's weaknesses is a part of the game, right? Of course. Yeah. Alright so if you can't dribble with your left hand, what I'm gonna make you do go left. Yeah, I mean yeah I understand. I'm just talking about when a nigga hurt but Yes bro if you don't come out here and play hurt, I'm taking advantage of it bro. Nah for sure. Hey I wasn't talk about you see what they was doing to Luca his back hurt. I mean he couldn't guard anyway but yeah his back hurt. Niggas went at Luca every time kill Bill Charleston Thompson Twin who Hooped out yesterday and them steals he had yesterday was crazy. If he gonna be that player consistently bro the rocks could definitely move some people on that team not name him. Yeah, Yeah. If he's gonna be that much of a defensive men bro, they don't Need to move him anyway.


Nah, I'm not saying him. I'm talking about other people. They could make another move but he has to stay bro. I agree with you man. Yeah he, he's definitely proven to be, he's gonna be one of the best two-way players in the league going forward man. Like you said t he get a jump shot. He gonna be one of the ones for for sure. Yeah, for sure. Alright man Warriors, they get one in how y'all feel if they go against the sea wolves. That's what Trenda like so far. I like, I like the T wolves and that Shit. Yeah I do too. Perfect storm. Yeah I like him in that serious. He gonna take step out too. Damn. He's really the legend killer because They don't got no bigs either. Nah and they young bro. They running wolves. I like the wolves. Yeah I like the matchups across the board for both those teams. Now if it, if the rocks come back, that's a bad matchup for the T Wolves.


Yeah It's a better matchup. I don't know if it's bad. It'd be a great series Because you could exile Rudy Gobert. He's not doing shit that serious because they got big shit gone. They got gon Steven Adam subbing in. That's a fact. He might as well. They Gotta throw shit at him for sure. It be the time to go small. Yeah, Shit go small. That's Justin for sure. That's pretty much done for man. Alright man. See y'all think they're closing it out in six or they going game seven? They gonna get it done at six. Yeah. Okay. After I'm, I'm gonna take the, take the Warriors in six. All right man Warriors and six it is


from the play games all the way to the finals. Now is the time to back your favorite players in teams as they chase scorer. Ready to place your first bet? Download Draft King sports book app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets easily make it a playoff for us to remember with DraftKings. Download a Draftking sports book app and use promo code club five 20 That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Okay have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant fans rebelled in one of the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Alright, tonight's games man. Let's talk. Well actually we'll go to the super chat for a second. Sarone Johnson show your ask Jeff and moot with y'all's athletic ability. What attracted y'all to start hooping and go all in compared to other sports like football, baseball and track. That's just what you do. We out here we just hoop. Yeah, I ain't know nothing else. We from Indianapolis like you was called lame as you played football in my neck of the woods. Yeah even the football players play basketball. Yeah like you played football. Football just 'cause it was something to do at that time. But you gonna hoop for real Like hoop. Yeah the football players hooped and they just played football 'cause they were sad at basketball. Real Shit. That's real talk bro.


That's the guy on the street. You could have put that any better. Yeah Like all my niggas played basketball, they just, they wasn't that good so they played football. That is a Fact man. Anywhere else in the world, basketball is different. Especially in Indianapolis. Man. The way that everybody here plays basketball to some capacity, it's just different. For sure man. Shout to Jay Million Super Chat said be here and my dog. You know we lit on IG T. How was your experience at Peach Jam and how did you do? Y'all gotta pull up this year. Shout out to Peach Jam. He you talking to Mo? I ain't play Peach Jam. He must be talking to you. Ah yeah, peach Jam was lit. I played in the first one first EYBL but Peach Jam was lit. I made to the final four got beat by Brad bi but shit, peach Jam was, it was lit For sure.


Who was on y'all scored you then? Nobody I know a guy named Nick Moore. Christian Smith a bucket. Nick Moore could shoot that bitch. What? My dog Christian. What's that Name? Christian Smith Rayfield Davis that went to Purdue. AJ Hammonds. Let's see Rico. But the year before that I played with Deshaun Thomas. Shout to Deshaun Thomas. One of the best buckets in Indiana basketball history for Show shout is Jay Miller. I'll fuck with you bro. Yeah You know the vibe. I press Nick Moore boy he came out at this time. Ah, Nick Moore boy he, he was like this age boy. He been special boy and that boy shoot the ball man re shepherd for show he got everybody 30. I never seen him get under 30 bro.


At damn every night. Damn. Shout out to Nick Moore man. I would've been unimpressed back in the super chat again man. Showing interesting. Kobe White. If they don't have to pay him, how can the Bulls get Giannis please. Scenario there would be no scenario that yo would be a Chicagos. Is this the same nigga? He must be a Bulls fan. Yeah I respect it brother. But I'm gonna tell you right now the that's him from yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. On I'm about to block you. Giannis is not going to no fucking bulls man. The the mark bucks will not Tre Hill in there. Division Man. Where where you, where your pops at Nigga? What nigga We mom, You know what I mean Because you not listening. We told you yesterday you had an extra five. That ain't shit gonna change for the extra five.


You og in your life. Listen bro And Kobe White went to the, the maths is a wild off season move. Yeah And who gives a fuck about Kobe White. He Must be a big trick I them hoes in your city. Love your Sense. An extra five. Oh he paid a hundred. Hey nevermind we fucked with you. Come on back. Nah, we gotta keep it real with him though bro. Because the boy look Y's going to and Chicago's a nice big market but he's not going to Chicago Young got enough assets for him man. Unless y'all gonna be giving up that young white boy what's her name? Monte? Yeah Monte. Y'all draft pick shit. Y ain't have give up nobody else The Bean y'all gonna have to give up downtown.


Nobody. They don't want Lonzo. They don't want Giddy, they don't want Look at this roster. Yeah y'all roster respectfully me. It is quiet Jalen Smith. Yeah. No and I thought that was tha Young. Oh shit that's Jalen Smith. I was like damn tha still playing. I swear to God I thought that was tha 2020. Zach Collins. Yeah. That's not gonna move from Needle. No, no THC that's my dog But it's quiet. Shout to deter young boy. Nah, nah the bucks are not interested. It is mid over there. No disrespect to none of though. Yeah they don't even want Billy Donovan. Yeah but Get Well Soon man. Yeah but Forres it that ain't enough. Lonzo Ball Got hurt again or something. That boy got a fake knee.


Yeah. Nah he got direction. Yeah shit. He did what he was supposed to do two year what? Two year 20? Yeah. Secure that bad King Love. See niggas get paid for sure. Alright man. Some games tonight. Nicks at Pistons? Yeah. What's going on man? Shit We closing out. Okay. Nick's closing out tonight? Yep. Alright. Detroit at home y'all what's Up? I mean I think it's going back to New York. We Going back to New York? Yeah they Gotta get one at the crib bro. They have to and they got cheated last time they going, they going to seven. They definitely got cheated for sure. Alright. See my nigga baby Face Race say's up. Okay he two Doug they all turned up. He said it's gonna be lit face. Ray said we out there so.


Oh they said win lose with Draw. The Pistons gonna win tonight. Yeah. That's Cool. So you ain't going Nah I think K gonna get 30 though. But it is what it is man. Y'all had a good year though. I'm flying up to Detroit tonight y'all. Hey baby face Ray. Tap in man. My mama he not good. This nigga always hate you man. Alright, now I wanna ask y'all this Teague for the Pistons to win tonight. What they gotta do man like I said the last time he was on the show they gotta take away Kat and Bronson and that mean you gotta be all out help when Brunson start doing his back down iso situation. Make somebody else make a fucking shot, make OG make these other dudes beat you like Josh Hart.


Especially Josh Har like if he's ever on your side and they iso help all the way in, make Josh Har make a shot. If he Hit five threes then y'all lose, Then y'all supposed to lose it is what it is. But y'all can't keep letting Jaylen Brunson walk to the basket, especially in Detroit. Mm. Like they did a good job last game. He had a tough shooting game last game. That's probably not gonna happen again. He hit shots today. Yeah but in Detroit last time he was walking him down straight to the basket so just make it tough on him obviously to Harris did a good job on Ka last game. See if he can mimic that, that same effort. So that's all. Take them two out man. They got the game. Alright Mo for the Nixon win tonight. What they gotta do to execute? They gotta get Kat and Brunson involved Heavy.


Okay. OG and them gonna have to hit some open threes though. So then Brunson can play his iso ball if they make shots and they gotta guard them guys Bunch ain't gonna do his thing. He gonna take 'em home. Most definitely RB hen I know where you going tonight? Yeah for sure. I mean like I said Kade, Jalen, Duran Thompson man Great year. Swear great year. But it is a wrap tonight. It's over with. Yeah. Okay. Alright So you going tonight? Who? Who gonna win? Yeah, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take Detroit. Okay. They gotta get one at home. Mo. Who you got tonight? I got Detroit. I run with Detroit too man. I want game seven. I ain't mad at y'all for that.


Yeah I, I understand your feelings, You know what I'm saying? You got, you got some other things on the line that you want the n win so I respect it but I want game seven. Let's go Mac Bow 12 and the superstar says how big was Regie Miller back in the day growing up in Indy man Shit and y'all still showed him love Reggie Miller was big and Indy but we did not give a damn about Reggie Miller. We did but on some real shit if you went to those games at that, what was that arena called? Marcus Square Arena. Right? Yeah that he was, he was the biggest y'all. I mean he was in, he was the biggest Indianapolis. Well Indiana as a whole is majority white people. Yeah. So he was big in that sense Facts. But in the hood, in inner city We were still Jordan. Yeah. Nobody was fucking with Reggie Miller.


Yeah. Niggas didn't care about Reggie. We respected him. I mean he wouldn't told to with Jordan but like he wasn't our biggest like like that. If you ask like people who grew up in the city about their Pacers fans, especially black people like Jaylen Rose, Jaylen Rose, Jermaine O'Neal. Yeah. Even PG like yeah ever Since he ain't dunk on Tayshawn Prince. I was off him, I ain't gonna lie. Yeah. And he let his girl burn a crib down, didn't do nothing. Yeah man. Shout to Arson. What is he Shout out to that? To Arson? What is he supposed to Do bro? Y'all talk to See what a Rozen did bro. He bail his girl out so man shout to Reggie man. He did what had to do. Yeah Bill your girl out after she burn. That mean that shot is immaculate. That is so D for you to burn down my As. Oh Oh that shot pressure you shoot from here to 38th Street.


But that was for the State Farm commercials too. Shout to insurance fraud. Moving on Nuggets. Act clippers man. Three, two Nuggets. What's going on? Tell you what they gotta do to stay alive For the clips? Yeah, I don't think, I think it's over with man. Oh it's quiet? Yeah I think it's quiet. Okay, I'm gonna go with the Nuggets tonight just because I told you, I mean obviously they're at home, people play better at home but they just so I don't know what I'm gonna get from James Hart. It's all the Clippers, everything runs through James Hardt if he plays he Being right about that. Yeah They gonna win the game but if he turning it over not being aggressive or whatever it is, they gonna get blown out. Yeah. And tonight I don't know what I'm gonna get so I'm just gonna go with the Nuggets 'cause I know Yoka gonna do that.


Yeah. Jamal Murray and Rhythm right now. Yeah. So Freaky Ma going crazy. I got The Nuggets too. Okay be him Man. I want to see my clip Doggs, I wanna see MP Z and them do well but like I agree with Jeff, you really don't know what you gonna get outta James. So I think the Nuggets is just a little bit more confident in this game than the clip. Hmm okay. For the Nuggets win like what they gotta do, Keep making shots. Okay. All them role players hitting them shots then yo get just take it from there. Do his thing. LeBron and Russ and all them keep making shots. So Yeah Russ get twin night that's for sure. Done deal dope. Yeah we talk about last game Joker had a triple double only 13 points though.


You know what I'm saying? They still out the dub 'cause Jamal Murray went crazy with 43. Yeah the Clippers is so good. Hate counting them out. But I know in my heart I want him to win but like damn, Damn. I just dunno Man. James Har gotta get one though. He, I'm doing this as a betting man. If I was betting it's some, it's some pressure. I ain't gonna lie. I You know James Hart one of my favorite players ever but he ain't really perform well in the, in closeout games, You know what I mean? Ever. Ever Man. So that's why you thinking he gotta get this one for the Legacy legacy hundred bro percent. Yeah, Get 30 tonight bro. Yeah, because James Hard is one of the best they ever do it but they always criticized him about what happens in the postseason. Even when they came back against, who was the, the game?


Yeah it was Josh, Josh Smith and what was his name? Jason Terry. Jason Terry. My guy Corey Brewer. Yeah. So yeah man this would be a big game for them as well. Alright, final picks. Who you taking tonight be here? I'm, I'm gonna, I'm with Te on this one. I'll probably take Denver to close it out. Hey Dipper. Alright Mo Denver. Denver? Yep. Alright man, we shall see man. Alright. Verified Buckets beat him. It's getting to it yesterday. I mean I, I can't hate gotta put him on the board man. Rudy Goldberg 27 and 24. Unbelievable Game closeup Rudy Game Rudy, Rudy dominate yesterday. Your team appreciated that. I'm glad he stepped up 'cause Anne was having a bad night so I know Anne was fucking with that, You know what I'm saying? So good game 27 and 24 is crazy though. Yeah we only, we only look at shit.


Who, what's your boyfriend? The Nuggets yos with them type of numbers. Yeah. Yeah 24 rebound is crazy bro. Crazy Bro. So, So alright Tig who you got? Shit, I'm gonna double down with Rudy but Luca watching the game, You know what I mean? These stats is amazing but it's just like I watched the game so these stats mean nothing to me but he, he he a killer on offense 28 9 to seven for sure. But let me ask y'all this question for real. Yes sir. Are you really a lead player of people target you the whole game but would you be like, like I Think you can't say he not an elite Player. No. I mean obviously he, 'cause he target people too but just like at some point like the greatest people that we watch play, I never seen people even like yeah like I'm just saying like D Wade like even Iverson like Iversson six, I ain't just see niggas just target him like yeah But that's why a lot of people starting to pass Luca up like Ant Mans and them 'cause his defense it's, it's a glaring weakness.


So it is, it's hurting his career right now. He, that's his next step bro. He has to guard a little bit. He gotta be a lockdown bro. But he gotta guard a little bit bro. He'll your team out. I like that because even You know maybe like smaller guards, you talk about Steph and stuff like that ain't the best defender but they not just Christmas. Nah they ain't nobody just is on Steph like Because defense ain't nothing but effort. You ain't gotta be tall, you ain't gotta be, all you gotta do is try. All you gotta do is stay in front of them. Like if they make shots over you, He missed a good shot. Be in a little better shape. He gotta get in shape bro. Yeah Like they walking by him like and he letting in good ass. He letting him though. I'm pretty Sure I'm Gabe Biton who's like six foot guard.


Julius Randall better than Luca who's 6 8 2 60. I'm like, this ain't even making sense. Like But what can you do? You, you Can't take I him out's what I seen. That's when I seen bro was kind of like alright, alright Bro you can't take him out Like what do you do? Mm They not gonna take him out. You Can't. But he bring you so much on offense but it's just like, And he know that, he like I'm not gonna come out so fuck it. He just gotta wanna play. Not to be petty but if they had ad in the series, would that be the timber wolves? Yeah. I don't know. 'cause bro yeah it'd be, It'd be a it. I I'm nothing. It's a chance bro. They Beat their ass too bad y'all Because they ain't had no big man bro. That was like a big problem this series.


Yeah I mean you gotta take Luca out of that and just put ad in there. Do they stay out enough? I mean it's, it's, it's a switch off. I don't know if Brian could score enough. Yeah it's A switch off Average the way they just lost bro. Brian would've had the average 35 in this series bro. So we should have took bro off and put Luca Key Damn near. I'm fucked with that duo. Low key Luca ad would've been nasty bro. Key. I'm say y'all right now. Y'all thought the Nike taste was deleted. Boy Rich Paul would've got that REO so fast. Y'all think y'all said LeBron to Dallas. Y'all crazy Reunite with Kyrie bro. He was course out the game yesterday too. Low key UAH ad might have been the move bro. He might need this shit bro.


Bro saying bro, niggas Playing with LeBron. Dang I'm not saying leave LeBron on getting you 20. Hey imagine me though. Imagine if we'd have woke up with that ticket on the scene. LeBron James Senior and junior fire Fired. 3 million. That is crazy man. Alright, move Verified Buckets. Who you got brother? I Got Steph dropping Easton. Oh no we ain't, we ain't Get Well Soon yet. We still get that's A five bucket Though. No that was a hell of a bucket too. We gonna get there for sure. Oh Thompson twin. My bad. My boy had 25 6 5 steals and three blocks. Boy. He did everything he could yesterday and lasted certain, at least out to Fred Van Fleet man. 26. He had 19 the first half set the tone for the belt to ass situation.


But like Mo said man Get Well Soon. Go ahead wrote a clip Tara Easton. Man shout out to mom Dukes on Twitter. She ain't wanna retweet this one. Hell no. She got off. Wow. Excuse me. She got off, she got off. She got offline right here? Yeah she said ooh I'm just gonna watch the game tonight. That's a jab of death boy. Said Dre, my thing will pull a pistol out. Dre mom was wrestling game four though bro. Five. I have to see, I have to see his mom. I have to see how like oh she is like Bow not like not on that kind of shit. But I'm just saying I wonder if she like, you see how active she's on Twitter? Yeah I gotta see if she like an old head or a young drink. Shout out to mom Dukes for holding it down man. Ah okay.


She young, she tapped, she have op She young. We love a good support system man. Shout out to mom Dukes man. For sure. Alright, be hearing who you got. Alright mom. Oh I mean I Mo Mo called it Steph dropping Easter. You already showed that. Shout out to the next one though. Just run the clicks. That's my, no I'm saying that's my Get Will song. I really don't care about the other ones. Okay We just fucking that's No I just said Mo called it like I didn't care about the other one. Okay, close out. Hey That was nasty. That was nasty. The Lefty. Hey but Dwight, see Gilbert we sorry man you killed.


I mean that's your usual shit. I don't want put that on you man. Roy with the Batman ass. I ain't gonna lie. Rule was the second best player for the Lakers. The series. Hey don't tell Lakers fans that boy they hate him right now. They him out That was hooping bro. They want him out the paint bro. He was the best shooter on the team. Yeah, I'm gonna say third, he was played better than Austin Rees shit. Yeah Officer Reeds deserves to Get Well Soon for his behavior in this series too boy. Yeah he was middy this series. Yeah he came back to reality boy. I remember y'all told me he's better Tyrese. Halliburton quiet next. Nah, I ain't know. I said victory lap All week.


Look at his mans though. Look at his man. Little Manny Fresh. He's fried bro. Legend Beat us down. Yeah You know the mobs, that nigga don't waste no money on clothes. I fuck with that. That's how I'm rocking man. He talk his shit Uhoh. He had Manny fresh with him but he back it over. He killed My Fucker yesterday. Crazy. That Red Nicky outfit is insane though. Sig go Get Well Soon man pass Spencer and TJD was on his heels yesterday.


Say get your bitch ass out here pass Spencer with head butt. Trace ain't going that's Cool. Trace gonna throw it off the backboard. Oh no he had him fucked up. Ain't taking that bro. The fuck out Trays What? Yeah set the tone game. He said Really? Really? Yeah You. You pushed me tried to beat your ass. Get welcome to Kenny Smith man. Come Go to the barber today. Yes I did, I did. They got that Doc Rivers. Hey that must be some NBA shit. That's PJ Tucker too.


PJ Tucker got one of them. On everything I see lining up a bald head bro. PJ got the ya Pj Dr got the beard. I fuck with the Kenny But Kenny had a bald head for so long. I just don't nevermind I don't care. I mean so like Dion bro. When Dion he got the, You know what I mean, lined up let the hair grow back. It is what it is Man. Dion funny as hell. He nigga money a motherfucker, he kept saying money a motherfucker boy but he grew his hair back but mother that shit is funny. That's technology bro. Bo definitely shots of everybody getting the remix for show we we could play this.


This is funny because Ru ask why they ain't rebounding Get re You know we need somebody to get rebound. You know I fuck with that rude sweatshirt though. Ruy Engaging the rewinds of course. Box out. Yeah Ru you a small forward nigga. He got you trying to box out Rudy go Bird. Thats him go that JJ though. He said yeah I know, I know what I'm saying. I can do more but what we doing? Yeah like what's really help me help you nigga go jj because that shit's bullshit That going Coach for shit For sure man got the fans hating me and shit. I'm part of a seven three person and I'm a six eight small four.


This is not my position bro. Don't get mad at me. Hell nah. Get me the fuck outta here. That's what I was getting like man nah it is time me to move on bro. Most definitely.


Listen man we got a super dope episode of Club five 20 dropping today. 12:00 PM Eastern Tap in also five 20 day coming real, real soon man. May 17th and 18th in the city. Tickets are now available. Shock club five twenty.com. Limited supply tap in. Don't be calling us about nothing. We already told y'all where to get it. Limited supply tap in. We'll be back tomorrow with makeup for Monday. We appreciate y'all five 20 In The Morning. The Volume


okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled, wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hess hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. HE p.com.