
Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page of five. Dirk four page is lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so Tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's Why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wi and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blues, sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Monday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this wonderful morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Piners. To my right, my brother Teague. How y'all doing? I'm saying bro, I'm chilling bro. I decide to wear a big ass hat. Okay. On my Dipset type shit. Okay. You on that? Shout out to the Liz family. Me came through Christian? Yeah, my dog Freddy. For sure. Appreciate y'all. Shout out to Freaky Fred. Feel like Joels. Yeah. Yeah. Just make sure your teeth don't fall out. This teeth fell up. Yeah. You don't remember that? Oh, I thought she was being on the fight. I'm like damn. Oh no. It was rapping in the joints joint. Okay.


Out. Joel said to them, man, listen, before we get recapping what happened yesterday in the basketball world. Listen man, let's get to it. Tank verse Roach man. How y'all like to fight Roach one? Damn. Yeah He got cheated bro. They did bro. But it's a good fight though. Hell of a fight. It was entertaining. Yeah. Hell of a fight. If, if you took a draw in Vegas, you, you hit a stupid lick Dummy. Yeah, Whoever picked that boy cleaned up. My Man's had it going 12. He gotta, he he got paid. Damn. That's what's up. He put a thousand dollars on him going 12. Ah yeah. He calling off work today. Yeah, For Sure. You talking about the people who withdraw, they still in Vegas? Yeah, they'll be there till next week. They gonna be there when we get there.


That is love Bro. They definitely will still be there. WrestleMania bro. They came up for sure. Shout Toro though. He made a name for himself. Nah, for real. We crazy. Hell of a fight, hell of a strategy as well. We don't see that happen with Tank man. Yeah, he wasn't scared. Nah, He was actually hitting that nigga too Jill. The hair, y'all see the stylist came out and said hey, hey we appreciate the shout out but Go hey yeah This is authentic bras. Go Ahead. There was no no blue green dye in this motherfucker bro. That was all worst rock. Yeah, I probably wouldn't have said that. That was him. He took a needle. That's a knockdown. It is bro. They cheated. They Cheated for sure On, on everything. They cheated bro.


They legit cheated. But that's the, you get that when you, when you up there in that caliber, you kind of get that in size sometimes. What? What y'all, what? What did this say about Tank though? Do we like do you gotta rematch this or do you move on? You ready for to retire? Yeah, but I feel like this kind of like, Like you gotta redeem yourself. Yeah, we gotta feel, I mean he don't got nothing to prove. I don't, I don't think he even care. He he about getting money. Yeah. So he's Still a YN bro. Yeah, he ain't really about that. I ain't gonna try to have CTE bro. Yeah I don't, I ain't gonna say he care about the, he don't care about the sport. I ain't gonna say that. Nah, hell nah. He do But he more care about like getting the bread.


Nah, getting the bread. Yeah. I don't think he even care about the wins or losses like that no more. Oh. I think he do. 'cause I would be very surprised if we see a rematch, if it's one thing Tain gonna do, he better stay away from Roach. Ah he gonna stay away from everybody that can fight. He ain't gonna fight Shakur. He ain't gonna fight none of them. Is that a fight? What would you rather see Shakur or Roach? Verse TI want to see him fight Haney. Roach. Okay. Shakur. I mean just go if you gonna retire, just go out with a bang. Get the money. Everybody wanna see these fights. They gonna be, Him and Haney will be fired just for the Big payday Shit talking. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Big paydays. They both gonna get, that'd A Floyd Day Fight Ryan again big paydays and then you can just go off on the sunset. He about the bread so most definitely he don't care about the Yeah and shout to Tank Man.


One thing that people act like after that draw situation 30 in the draw is phenomenal by the way. That's me. People go 30 and Oh yeah. Especially in Box. I mean shout to you bro. Bro. They, they cheated Roach bro. Maybe because that draws crazy. Maybe 'cause his name is weak or something bro. Because how you he took the knee bro. Like I won bro. Just gimme my dub bro. He definitely fight me again. He definitely won. Yeah. You Know it's good for entertainment though. Yeah It is wrestling. Most definitely. Speaking of wrestling man. Shout to Travis Scott. Yeah, I don't know why. So listen y'all I'm new to this shit Community. Yeah that was right. I had to say y'all that but Travis Scott, you need your ass. Whoop. You should have watched the after show The Rock Talk about I told him to make it count but not like that.


He slapped the shit outta Cody Rock. He almost broke here beat Everybody ran me the fuck. How does Jeff feel about John C him being in the villain? I said nigga I didn't even know he was the bad guy. Like I don't know nothing about what just happened. So you gotta speak about that moment bro. John cna, Turner Hill, that's the biggest hill. Second biggest hill Turner all time Hulk Hogan is Number one when he went to the NWO. Okay. At BA at the beach I think in 96. So this is the second biggest hill turn ever. John CNA been a good guy his whole life. Okay. He's been You know, military guy fighting the war, doing all the good stuff for the kids. One of the top people when it comes to, we call it NBA cares but I don't know what's what you call that?


What's that called When all the you go help the kids. Huh? The sick kids Make-A-Wish. Yeah. He is like the biggest person to Make-A-Wish. Yeah, My family. Yeah. Favorite people. So he like the biggest person, the Make-A Wish foundation. So he do all those for him to be a Hillel turn to be a bad guy. Now on his way out is fire. So that's good for the sport. This is great. Okay cool. This Is like the station. They want real, this is like Kevin Durant going to Golden State. Oh that's okay. Yeah He clicked up with a rock damn bullshit. Okay. I like how you broke that down in basketball terms. Yeah because they was asking me, I'm like y'all, I don't know what this nigga just did. Nah this is fire. Everybody been wanting John C to turn Hill for so long 'cause we he been doing the same routine for the 18 years straight.


Yeah. Everybody like man this shit getting old. It was like LK Hogan. When LK Hogan finally turned hill he became cool a little bit. Okay. We still don't fuck with LK Hogan but yeah He turned villain for real. He turned hill in real life. Real life. Yeah But John seen it is so funny 'cause he don't even know how to be a hill. And he kind of was hilly at first when he first came out. 'cause he used to rap. He used to go in there and say raps and shit. Wear throwback jerseys and he kind of was the bad guy. But it, he was younger ever since, for the last 18 years he been a good guy and he kind of don't even know how to do it. Like you would've seen him when he was trying to be evil. It still look kind of like, yeah nigga, imagine Captain America trying to be evil.


That's what it's like. Yeah it's, it's like alright bro. But it it is cool though. Yeah it was good for wrestling. Yeah. Travis Scott, man, Lil baby, we talked about that last week. Lil Baby could never slap Cody roll away. Scott slaps him man. He almost got his ass beat on me. Cody roll on broke character for sure. Last but certain like least and be out for the season man. Yeah, we, we've been asking for this since January at this point. What's new though? Like he's always out for the season. Yeah Nigga. Nigga has a play. He show up for Appearances. Lemme get Zion's next. He show up for club appearances. That's it bro. Zion. Zion next and then the hor is so bad. Lalo gonna sit out. Yeah, I was gonna say we at that point of the season where we start seeing the two white players, you get those guaranteed deal shout to them 'cause teams try shutting it down and trying to tank.


So shout to everybody taking advantage of the situation man. Getting this new bread guaranteed contracts. Let's get straight to it man. Lakers man. Hottest team in NBA right now. Got the W yesterday over the Clippers. 1 0 8 to 1 0 2. Yeah they second in the west. Man. Luca went crazy yesterday. 28 and nine and six as well. LeBron has 17 to nine. Kua been looking good as well though man. 33 and 10 yesterday. Listen Lakers, we, we've all been iffy on 'em up here but they number two in the west right now. Man. Scary team bro. Scary team. I told you, I ain't say they was gonna be like this 'cause I thought they needed solidify having a big Yeah. Yeah But Jackson Hayes is been, You know he's been doing okay. Yeah de been serviceable. They back up big been all right but when you got LeBron and Luca on the, on opposite sides of the court and now LeBron just strictly moved to the wing.


Yeah, he on dominate the Baltimore. He let Luca be Luca. Yeah it it's scary. Yeah. Six game win streak. Nah, it's far Lakers Nation. I don't got no hate for y'all today man. Yeah, I'm real full. Full respect. Hey what's even crazier? We was talking about next year like oh when they get used to playing with each other it's gonna be all right next year. Shit, they look all right now. They look crazy for Dallas right now. Yeah I do like them better than I like Luca better. LeBron and Kyrie. Oh yeah. Hell nah. Oh you mean hold on, hold on. I thought you meant, you mean Kyrie and Luca Together? I said what? I said I like Luca and LeBron better than Kyrie and Luca. Oh I thought you were saying Kyrie and LeBron better than unless you like Luke and LeBron better than Kyrie and LeBron.


I say hold on. No, nope. Hell no. Nope. Hold On. I mean they, they won a chip. Y'all don't do a lot now. Who? Who Won a chip? LeBron and Kyrie. Yeah. Yeah we under agreeance there. Oh I thought you off the mic's off. Yeah, I was gonna say now I thought you was saying you like Luca Let's get the connection back. I thought you was, you like Luca and LeBron better than Kyrie and LeBron. Oh Okay. Let's bring the vibe Nigga. You smoking good dope. All let's, let's bring the vibes back. You just saying Luca and Kyrie niggas wake up. I Like but Luca and Kyrie went to the chip too though. That's a fact. They did but I'm just saying like to me this is a better fit for Luca.


I think we overreacting. I ain't bro, they having a hot moment. I ain't, I think Luca and Kyrie was a fire duo. It is but I think L LeBron Can so see LeBron his age make it work with somebody like Luca bro is fire bro. I think LeBron can hold Luca to a certain standard that Kyrie couldn't. Mm. Because Luca respect, he respect Kyrie. He know Kyrie nice but he looked up to LeBron. So when LeBron tell you Hey man get your ass back. Like That's a different, he Going Yeah, yeah, yeah. You right. You right because I'm not better than you. Luca feel like he better than Kyrie. Yeah and they got, they had a great relationship obviously. But like you said it is a little bit different. Yeah but it's different when I know like shit I'm, I'm where you at, you might want a championship but shit.


Yeah everything you done did. I didn't. I ain't done everything LeBron done. You know what I mean? He done some shit. I can't do that. I never will do. Nah, that's so I'm gonna put a little more respect and not saying that he disrespect Kyrie. It's just, it's just a little, It's a pecking order. I say it, It is different for sure. Yeah. Shout The prop. It's like when we on the court, Who Me? Us three and I tell you nigga get the fuck back Ain't on mind. I did just as much as him off the court. I am a Allstar 2014. Fuck is he talking about nigga I am the PG first thing. I don't need Cali ball. I go to the game by myself nigga fuck is he talking about To continue the play off.


Do 60 win Do. I was just Saying bro we be playing our 3 0 3 when I tell you you get back, you be like I got you bro. And then when DJ say get back, you be like nigga you get back Man move the fuck up man. This nigga out of Pocket. The Fox 2303 on the way for sure. Yeah. Shout out to Broman one point away from 50 give for you. Shout out to Booker t. Legendary gift for show bro. One point away from 50 K Man is that gonna be the most unbreakable record of basketball? Yeah. So it took us how long to get for him to get 50 K, 24 years His whole life. Man that's over bro because Ka played his whole life too.


That's crazy. The Fact that he's still playing at a high level with needs. That's in the league that wasn't even born yet when he got there. It's crazy. It's crazy bro. That day is kind of crazy. Literally players in the league bro that was not born bro in 2003 bro. Bro he playing with him bro. He duck to people Daddy's and sons. He deduct entirely s of. Right. But I'm saying he's still way better than them. Way better Than your son. What's crazy is we always talk about this. I wore his shoes in high school. Yeah I played in the NBA now I'm talking about this nigga out the NBA. You are a LeBron soldier. I this, I Wasn't no fucking soldier. Matter of fact I'm wearing LeBrons for the rest of the year.


LeBron call me man. Rich make me call. Ain't Call me man. Told y'all man we got the best generation of basketball Bro. I'm team LeBron now man. Nobody supported Kareem of doing Jabbar like this. I'm just keeping it real. Did Kareem have shoes? I dunno bro. Didn't nobody give a fuck Up. You know what make it funny though. When Kareem had to go watch LeBron when he was like slowly breaking the record, he had to go to every single game. He was so mad. He was Hating bro. You don Heard but break record, he was hating on my mama. He was hating. He was like man I would be hating too. Challenge Is LeBron for being a good dude though. I ain ain't gonna lie because he could have turned on him for That. I would've rather like die before I seen that record broke.


Well that got dark fast. No I'm not saying that. Like what? Hold on, hold on the way, hold on, hold on the way I'm saying damn Did really die so that's Gotta fucked. No I'm not saying, I'm saying like all kind of shit because I wouldn't have seen it. Like nigga I went down when I died I was the last person I had to record. Had the most fuckers. Yeah. I was the most fuckers I ever seen. But now I had to sit there and I could barely move. And this nigga breaking my record, fuck him. He definitely felt like that. Yeah. Oh that's the only thing I had. He was really hating bro. That's crazy For sure man. Shout out to Bro. Kawa also been playing hella minutes man. Last five games averaging 24 play off Kawa back.


They got jail bro. Okay. He gotta get in the mix For sure man. Yeah I don't, I don't, I don't. I ain't like the Clippers since they put that team together. I don't know why. Mm. Once Lou left the team I wasn't feeling the Clippers no more. They did fall apart. Yeah, Lou and Tre left. The Clippers ain't been the same. Your boy and Peay. Yeah. Shout out to my dog. But that's when they was more of a team though. They was more team oriented. Yeah, For sure man. Shout out to the Lakers man. Guys show some respect man. Second in the west for sure. Celtics bounced back getting the win over the Nuggets. One 10 to 1 0 3. JB had 22 8 and five. JT had 1611. Al Horford old man was hooping had 19 to eight.


Yo did his thing. 2014 to nine. Jamal Murray 26, 7 and six. Hold on now let's talk about this. It's my dog birthday. Mm. Shout out to jt. Shout to jt. Yeah we was in a group chat last night. You know wished him a happy birthday. Talk to our shit. He told me to tell y'all. He said t make sure you say this In The Morning so I'm gonna say it bro. But this is my words. This wasn't his words. His words were very respectful. Like I ain't thinking about what they talking about. And I, You know I had to put my sauce on. I said nigga you up 300 million. We don't care what they talking about. They keep hating. Here you go. Who ain't the face of the NBA shit look like to me? Shit that was Green Hill.


That's me. That's me writing it in the text and then my ET gonna gas me up. Yeah. Fuck they talking about? Yeah. I was like yeah keep gassing me. He like y'all chill man. I just wanted to have a shot for my birthday man. Just wish me happy birthday on the pot. So happy birthday my dog. But like I said, you up. We don't care about what they talk About. Yeah. Happy, happy birthday. Y'all Face the league. They hating talking about you soft all them nigga y'all wish y'all was me. No, y'all could never talk that shit. None of them. Everybody that's hating never resume different person that's hating. They never could be do what he did. I don't think nobody that's worth a damn is hating on Jason. Tatum Hating bro. You don be, I don't hear nobody of any glory of any word hating on JT bro.


Mm Bro. They be hating a lot of people who got shows and do they thing. Yeah I'm just no shout out to them. But I mean from his peers I think he loves bro. Yeah but it's, it is still niggas who played on some hate be Haying. That's true to you. I agree. I thought you meant so far as like people that's still in the NBA. Oh nah Everybody I, they All celebrate. Nah, that's everybody that's out the league and and I actually fuck with some of them niggas out that's out the league that behave my fault. Boom. That's one. I don't know why though. Again, I, we said it on the five 'cause he chill five 20, he don't really snap back. He just go the business There. Is that reason a reason why to go out, go in on somebody like that bro. It's not a reason. I'm just giving you why. They probably feel comfortable the way it's content.


They feel like, man he got so much skill that he really could do more. He could be because the way they attitude would be. But you always feel like that when you're done playing like, nigga it was me, I would've but you, you played. Yeah. That wasn't you. And we didn't see that. Yeah I seen news like that. It's The truth because I be doing, I'd be like, I swear to God boy, if they put me back on the court, I be whiling. No I would. I ain't say a word. Yeah I was corporate. I ain't wanna mess up no bad. Well Your situation's a little different though because it's, if you the one to a team and they gave you the ball right away, not saying you would've been a different, your attitude would've been different. But you would've been a different player. I would've been a different player but my attitude would've been So you'd ve been a little bit more aggressive too.


I would've been more aggressive offensively, yes. But as far as like how I presented myself, no I would've been chilling. Yeah. And plus he playing with JB too. He already got Malcolm X on this team. Hell he can't have it is Malcolm X and Martin, Martin Luther King finally partnering up together. Bro. This, this is what y'all want. So who's Derrick White? I Like that. I don't know Derrick White. Derrick White. What's the light skinned dude? Jesse Jackson? No, no we not. No, nah. Jesse set the pick. Derrick never Who the who? The dude that looked that was black but he looked white. Shit. I don't know that nigga Braxton, Sidney Porter. Sidney Porter not like skinned.


Nah, he was light-skinned. Looked like Seal Move on. No he don't Pal. No he not Coach Powell. They was ready to give him up in the draft. Listen for sure. Ask you question em. No what's the dude? He was light skinned? Nah, he was light skinned. He was senior. Senior Powell. Not Powell. Oh man, we ain't do it. Oh damn. That's, that's my guy. That's Oog. Go to the light skinned dude. Ah, he got light skinned dude. Light-skinned. He No your history stories. This is why Black history can history You type light skinned dude right now because that makes it so funny.


He was, he was am music before. He might have been an actor. This light-skinned actor, like the famous light-skinned actor. Black History Month is the shortest month of the Michael Ley nigga. I don't nigga Michael Eley. Nah. Old head, not city. Portier my fault y'all. He's super old. Damn. He light skinned. This is why. So studies very class of school kids. Thank you DJ. Man fuck. This is why we only get February bro. And it's 13 days today. They ain't teaching Sidney po. I learned that a couple, couple months back. RP man. Oh he had light. He had the light eyes. Robinson. Nah not smoke. Hell nah, he smoke. It don't matter. For sure man. Shout to jt.


Happy birthday fool. Shout to Al Horford for that one left. Sorry guys. I just, that's hilarious. He the one started Dr. King Malcolm. Shit. He did bro. Man he ain't third. I know Thurgood Marshall dude make look up. Y'all gonna make me look you up man. It don't matter. Chat. I'm talking about old. Come on DJ man. Please bro. God damn not Billy D man. Bill Cosby fucking 80 Bill.


Not James, that's Lion King. He just died. Derek White be James Earl Jones. Come on man. ESPN can never on. Keep going man. Keep going it man. Had a big day. Shout out to the casts. Shout out to the Cel James. Why is he laughing like this? Oh man, I got you. Malcolm. Shut the man. Oh you. Hey y can y'all pull that video up please while we get to this next segment? Y'all fry. Oh that's funny man. Oh my god. James Earls funny and hilarious man


who's scoring big in NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props, money lines, you name it, DraftKings. Got it all. New customers. Now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus. Best instantly. Take us to the record to DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today. Use Code Club five 20. Yes, that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets for just five bucks. Only on DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino when resorting Kansas 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live for All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Hero. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page of five. Dirk four Peja Is elite. Okay. Okay. I'm mad 'em, I left him off my list but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we have. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save Woman Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, go Hop isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with me and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm Tisha Olin, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA, superstar angelian. I really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The Drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, they're shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shaking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexi Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view and I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full Circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women Sports.


The T Woods beat. The Suns yesterday. One 16 to 98 a have 44 7. Man your boy Jr. Back. How you feeling be here? I don't feel good about it man. You should have missed another 13. That's crazy. But we got the dub man said Miss Another 13. Yeah he that be our last 13 games. Dante Deep Church. I hope out with 24 as well. Listen man, at this point we just said just get the stats. Oh good name Harry Belafonte. There we go. Boom. I knew I find him. There you go. Shout to Harry Bellafonte. Yeah, I know. I'll find you nigga. Another. He's Dead. R Ip. I know he dead but Harry Beta. I knew that's who he is. There you go. Harry B.


Your black butcher look white. Yeah. Donny though. Derrick White. That's, He definitely got that hairline. Alright, come on man. The real D White. I told you I'll find him. Oh man, I know my history. Oh man, can you please put that video video up? It was about to as situation ain't much to talk about this game. You know the Suns is just what songs is pulled. But y'all see they said they gonna trade KD in the summer. Yeah they are. Yeah they gonna talk about that. Yeah, they're definitely gonna trade him. They're trying to keep a pick at some cost so I don't know they, they're not trying to win. Mm What teams are gonna be on the table? It's time for the KD six. You think Coach Bug gonna get fired though?


Yes. After one year. You think they gonna take Coach Bud out And now, I mean that's Jeff Mans. Well after he told Devin Booker to be quiet in them huddles. Yes. That sound like some coach Bud Shit. He probably was like yo just, just, he probably ain't even say it like they probably just like, You know, just relax in the huddles. Let's, He probably wanna sit down but Brad be messed up. One of the best. Oops in NBA history. I do this on 2K all the time. I ain't shaking his hand though on that. They ain't caught foul? No. What He said fuck it. Jeff t got away with it when he did me like that so Full circle moment. I wouldn't have picked him up though. Ooh that was perfect.


Dante, He threw that bitch up too. The pass bro. How That's not a foul though. People said that's not Flaker too. Oh shit, For sure. But HEA got hurt. He shoulda got kicked out the game. Yeah because he coulda hit his head on the day board. Yeah he is. You pushed him directly. Yeah bro. Thank God he fell. All right. Thank God he is all that's that's messed up. Take Me out bro 'cause I'm about to crash out. That's what I was say take me out bro. Yeah, In the air. Oh Lord crashed out. Let me get my shit off. Just get out the way bro. For sure Don't play with my health like that bro. I'm a franchise nigga bro. Because You really don't care that much no More bro. Yeah you definitely don't. Brandon Dirty nigga. That's just a wild situation but ah, That's tough You think?


I think maybe at the most bug its another year if they trade kd but after that with Devin Booker stuff, I don't know 'cause but I think if they trade KD you gonna see the sons and it's not KD fault but they gonna have more continuity. Yeah it's gonna be a lot easier. I told you Coach Bud do a lot better with less. Yeah you, He gonna find some glue guys, some guys that he can, You know, build around de book make de book the focal point and it's gonna be a lot smoother for them. But with all that talent over there, it's just too much for him on his plate. And he used to that San Antonio shit where everybody buying in it ain't the same. Most definitely Super Chat. Ask how long y'all think before Buck get up out at Phoenix?


I mean he could D book. Mike could demand the trade but I, I would be surprised but yeah that's his franchise to little at this point. Yeah but I mean ain't nothing over there for him. I would like To see he dropped a dub. I like to see de book get somewhere else and taxes hit boy shout super chat. Yeah I would like to see de book go somewhere else if they're not gonna be competitive after next year. I mean that's the problem if people talk about with kd, kds so good that he demands so many resources from another team that the team he goes to is already depleted. But I don't think nobody gonna do it no more now. You don't think so? Nah. Like this summer he gonna go for like two first round picks or something. So OKC two first rounds two seconds and a player gimme kd.


They can make that happen. Yeah they probably can get kd but like other than that it's a wrap. Mm. Like nobody gonna give up too much. He older, he's still one of the best players in the league obviously, but everybody know that. Yeah. Like we ain't about to de bleed our roster for you. We y'all know y'all can't win with him. I had him for two years. Y'all over the tax, y'all not winning. Yeah. Have no future. Y'all not running the back. Y'all have no future. Why would I give y'all all this for Kevin Durant? It's That's true bro. I agree For sure. Yeah. When y'all know y'all can't run it back y'all definitely can't run it back. So they done. Yeah they're not even in the plan. Get Well Soon. Capture the flag for sure. Shout out to the casts man. Getting 50 wins on the season as they come back and get the Blazers in OT.


1 33 1 29 Diamond Mitchell didn't play but your boy D Hunt hooped out yesterday 32 piece. Some slight D Hunt. One of them for sure. Ty Jerome man possible six man a year candidate got 25 and six yesterday. Evan Moby Hooped out with 20 as well. Hey man, Cavs got 50 wins. Shout out to Ty Jerome. That payday on the way. Yes sir. Yeah he wild for telling that ref in particular. She wasn't good the other night. I'm like all right a Ty don't know. Fuck up your bread right now. Yeah you ain't that good. Stay out the way. Yeah, just keep stay. Keep your head down. Keep your head LeBron. Say stay humble. Keep just home last year. Yeah, stay. Stay super humble. Just keep your head down. Go ahead and get that four you 40. Yes sir. And just shut up. Most definitely shout out to somebody who ordered Chick-fil-A that came to the studio for sure.


That is going crazy how you get in no promo. For sure. Cavs got three double digit winning streaks this season. 15, 12 and 13. Man. So do we gotta get into respect as the best team in the league. I ain't mad at it. I ain't mad at it. How The hell you get in? They, they've been doing they thing all year man. Just from the start. So shout out to them. I actually think the Cav might make to Eastern NCE finals. Okay. When I watch them they actually got Alright we we related to the Hawks when our team, we went on our little run. Yeah they actually got closers. We didn't have a closer. Interesting. Donovan Mitchell was a closer.


He could win games. Most definitely. We didn't have a closer. Yeah. That's the difference between them two. Like we got, they got a guy they can get a ball to and say go get a bucket. And he been there before. We didn't have that. Most definitely. Do you think they had run outta guys? No, the reason 'cause they, they don't play. They guys like the Knicks. Oh. As you can see Donovan Mitchell rest. Yeah D Hunt go for 32. Todd Jerome go for 25. Yeah. Dearest garland of sit out games. Jared Allen sit out games. Evan Mobley of sit out games. They gonna be fresh. Most definitely. And listen, like if you see what happened with that Ubstance comeback, I don't think they win that game in your time. Yeah, I I I just think it's their time man.


They really, really good And the way that they beat the Knicks and the way they came back against the Celtics lets You know they can do it bro. They can do it. That's gonna be hell of a series for either one of them. But it's possible and it kind of, instead of saying relating it to the Hawks, it kind of hit me like the, I'm not, I'm, I'm whiling a little bit but it hit me kind of like the Warriors. Mm. You remember how that year before the Warriors had that playoff series against the Spurs or whoever it was and we all was excited about it. Like damn Steph shooting one-legged threes and all that. The Cavs had a run last year and we were excited about it. Like that playoff series, it was an exciting series. Whatever d Mitch got hurt and now they come back this year even better. It wasn't like us.


We had that magical run then we came back. Shit was wh it was over headache time. They didn't put their work in. It's gotten better over the years. They switched coaches kind of like the Warriors did. Okay. And got super good and it looked like the same scenario the Warriors did. So I'm excited for this team in the future. And playoffs should be interesting. Most de man shout out to Cavs. There are no fluke. They're a really, really good team. For sure. Some more games from last night. Let's go to it. OKC beat dispersed 1 46 and 1 32. J Dub went crazy yesterday. 41 7 and six. SGA still had 31 8 as well. That man gonna get 30 man. Man he gonna get it regardless man. Hooped out yesterday. Shout to J Dub Smooth 40 piece. That's super chat.


You scroll just a little bit for me. All right. Right on. Oh Cy Smith asked Jeff if the Hornets offer you 20 million to play for the rest of the season, would you? What we doing dumb shit. Well I would leave this and never come back. Whatcha talking about y'all would never hear me podcast. I would be podcast p. Yeah, yeah. For for sure. I'm shutting down for the year. I'm about to go sit on the bench for the hornets. Exactly. What Are you talking about? That's not, that's not even a thing. This door would be locked. You can't say that far. You, you knew the answer to that nigga. Would you go sit on the bench for 20 million? Yes sir. He's crazy. Oh Cyrus, shout out to your daddy for naming you that. That's His name. He like that singer.


Oh Lord. Walk. That's wicked. Kev Hamilton, I'm taking an over on a thousand dollars Bing in the n word drive by the end of the year. Over under on draft page. Be that. Be that. What's his name? Kevin Hamilton. Kev. Betty. I, boy I got owe $2 right now. Betty. You're gonna say boy oh $3 betted. We Do a lot of shows. Boy Bet that by December. Yeah That'll be, Yeah that's $1. I only got a hundreds and 20. So you put about a couple hundred in there. You rent It up just in case the wick room.


Yeah. Say he say the N word more than anybody who you Oh I don't bro. Yeah you do. You you got that jar for a Reason because my mama and daddy asked me to stop using that word. And this is what reminds me. That's why I wore your Mama. Your mama asked me to stop too but And you don't listen. See, See you don't either. You Son. See he just said it. You don't either. Black guy Look that I don't even feel natural him. I'm start, start, start saying bruh You can start saying bro. You say ninja bro, Use emoji. That's the wild. Nah that sound weak for sure. Chill out bro.


What? What word? Check. What word can I use instead of the N word to make it sound like You know what I mean? Say ninja bro. I bet they a whole bunch of people gonna say nigga, chill out bro. Respect bro For ain't bro some more games. Patience. Nah fam 1 27 to one 12. Shout to introduce me. If he had 27, Kom had 2012. Okay fam Okay fam. It's funny. I see you fam. Nicks beat the heat one 16 and one 12. Jaylen Bruel. Hooped out had 31 to six. OG had 23.95. Bam Hooped out as well with 30 and seven. Your favorite white boy had 20, 27 as well. Damn. Get Well Soon to the heat. Dang bruh. Rap just beat the magic 1 0 4 to 1 0 2. That CCRA game was crazy yesterday. It's old for the magic.


Ah yeah it's quiet. Shout out to IQ 24 yesterday. RJ had 22 as well. Gilly, you would never disrespect iq. I seen you. He had hit me up on the ground talking about boy set it up. Right, right. As soon as the season over, boy I'm gonna hit you up boy. We gonna make them games happen. Yeah. Gilly on tour man. All the pgs gonna smoke with him right now. Pelicans beat the jazz yesterday. 1 28 to 1 21 CJ. Okay. S 25 and a Zion had 24 9 and six Ke. George had 28 N six as well. Couple games tonight. See how y'all feel about him. Warriors at Hornets. Warriors. Easy money. Yeah. Yeah. Blazers at 76ers Blazer.


Oh they got Blazers. Okay. This is the capture the Flash sweepstakes. I'm gonna go with the Blazers. Wizards at Heat. Heat got the heater. Heat go out to dinner. Hawks at Grizzlies. The Griz even though I'm a Hawks guy. Yeah G Show. I got the Griz stuff. Rockets at Thunder. Thunder. I'm gonna go Rockets. I Played yesterday. I'll give to the Rockets today. I'm go Rockets. Kings at Mavs. Mavs Going with the Kings. Mm. I'm gonna go Mavs, pistons, jazz PIs. Pistons for sure Verified Buckets. B he who was getting to it yesterday man He would've had 46 but Bradley Bill was hating. Give it to Ed man.


44, 7 and five For sure. Man. A went crazy yesterday. 44 piece. I'm gonna show some of to Quinn Grimes on Saturday. Man he had 44. He went crazy yesterday. Yeah bro was killing. Yeah and I, the fire part about is after he hoop he tweeted 44. That's hard. I just killed and I went to the ground with it. I respect it. Yeah for sure. Shit. Relax bull Don't happen too much man. Lemme celebrate. Nah I feel you. Jalen Williams bro. He went for 41 7 to six. You know that's Fire All Star. Come on. Your teammates still getting 30 and you getting 40. That's hard. Young Killer For a show man. Shout to J Dub super Chat. White B said what's the last pair of shoes y'all always wanted And finally went back and bought. I just went back and grabbed a red OG sway 20 ones fire ass shoe.


That's a fire ass shoe. What shoes That I always want. I hope you talking about like as a little kid. Well I'm getting 'em this weekend. Some UPT tempos coming out Saturday. Oh the white, black and green ones? Yeah. Tough. They're coming out Tough. Tough. I still ain't got 'em. I still want the Tim Duncans the silver and black ones. I ain't got 'em yet though. I hear them hard. I Hear the telephone positive Max. Yeah, them hard. Them big ass heavy ass shoes. I'm hard. I got a pair but I, I don't got the silver ones. I want the silver One. You got the all black ones? Nope, I got the fucking black and blues blue. Yeah, yeah For sure. Yeah. That's a cold shoe Fire shoot For sure.


Tim ED won swag enough for them. Super chat Jay String said, I dunno what that means. The best high school team basically can the best high school team be the the best WNBA team. Well y'all don't want me to talk. Yeah, Yeah, yeah they can. Yeah Mount VE would do some pressure in the W. Yeah like that Now Verb will be the best. WNBA team that K Cunningham Mount VE team. Yeah. They all not Just right now they don't think they're talking about right now. Yeah whoever the best they all NBA players. Okay. The best high school team which is gonna probably be a prep school team. Yeah. Okay. Y'all don't realize that y'all know that WNBA teams practice against like Yeah, I mean seeing 'em, this is, I ain't gonna lie.


And You know I in good standard with the W-N-B-A-I think for now but they used to send Bill Collins. Yeah. And company to play against the fever. Right Kelly? Yeah, That's a true story. And they Made the homie no disrespect to them. Yeah they didn't play on the high school teams. Yeah So So you all right. You all right? Some of them didn't play. Yeah a couple of them played Bill for Sure didn't play. So yeah, Bill did not play on Pike Respect and he was a power forward in the practice runs like Yeah Tamika Kein was posting Bill Collins up Shout to catch one of the coaches. Yeah. So that's how the fuck So y'all, You know what? Yeah they smoking. They gotta think though like the best high school team if we just going off last year 'cause we don't know, I don't know who the best high school team is this year but they had, oh Ive they Cooper Flag Derrick McQueen, Derrick McQueen.


What's the kid from Yukon? Liam? Yeah. Liam. Nice. Come on man. They all first round round. Yeah. What we doing man? Respect. Good question though. Yeah Respect but Beat. I just weren't trying to do too much bro. Yeah they would beat the USA team. Rena cannot guard flag. I just try see her with Alea. Edward Edward. She would beat the USA girl team. Yeah it might get, matter of fact you can get every WNBA. Alright Get the legend a team get Don Staley. They play against you get all the legends. Don Staley don't play against more than them. Yeah You get all the legends, you get anybody that's, it's just not fair. I still want Don Staley USA jersey though. Don Staley was cold and we not saying these girls ain't cold.


It's just not, it's just level. It's NBA player. It Is. Its Levels. Respect. Shout to Katie and Super Chat. He said real J what player do you wish you played with at least once in NBA Who team? I wish I would've played a player. That's a good question. I probably would've liked to play with LeBron. Mm. I never got, You know I, I played again with some dope players but I wish I would've got a chance to play with the best player of all time in my generation. I've been dope. Was there, was there ever an opportunity for that? Nah, I ain't never heard of that. Okay. For sure. G Brey 21 of Super Chat says the NBA pushing for SJ to be the face of the league. He has been the best player in the world the last two seasons and MVP on the best team marketable.


He is not the best player in the NBA but he is the MP for sure. But I don't think they're trying to push him to be that. I don't think that's even his swag though. Yeah it is definitely been no pressure his way. Nah he just be chilling. They just grateful that he got a small market cracking. Yeah. He just be chilling and I think his like his swag and all that kind of like speak for himself. He loved the way he on the court. Even the way he move, way he run on the court is swaggy boy damn near Narcan trying, I ain't trying to glaze poles but like he, he be swaggy off the court. He be chilling swaggy headbands and shit. Like he do his thing. Yeah he just be, he be swaggy he don't gotta do too much it He don't want that smoke.


Yeah it look effortless though. Yeah like when you try that's when people trying to criticize like that's why I don't understand what Jason, Jason do the same shit. Yeah but I think a lot of people like SGA more too 'cause he had fun with the media too. They do all the shit like post game with the, with this Step it LeBron field when LeBron was in he gotta see's behind him shit. Yeah but the whole team swaggy even Jay Jaylen they he, he trying to get fresh too and he wearing minks and he be trying to do his thing too. It's like they all you can see they all kind of like they all friends for real but you ain't got no choice in. Okay see ain't nothing out there no disrespect but Us team bonding every day.


What Niggas got that got out there is that top golf Y'all know we if You know You know all they got is top golf, Top golf wants beat the club Basically. Most definitely. We get you some pretzels and some chicken wings and top golf it out. Shout to Okay Steve for sure get Buson will be here Who need shout? We call some encouragement. They had the Honey hotel too. Oh dope. It was wicked respect. Will I stay there? Well get Wilson to whoever stayed at that motherfucker and used to whoever Travis Scott punch, what's his name? Cody Rose? Yeah, Cody Rose. Get my Get Well Soon. Travis got smack the shit out here. You should have kicked the nail at the juice off his lips for doing that. Yeah. Gun can never, that boy was hitting them boys with that S stage.


I said oh yeah Travis Scott out here I don't want, That's wild When he sparked up the sage I said oh Damn the real KY read. I said my boy going cra nah I gotta set the on in here for sure. I get what's some going for KD load up to Drake. Huh? Bow I know he loved doing that. He probably talking that's his guy too. He probably was talking so crazy. Oh my God. As he bow. Oh my god. I know he said oh my God. Oh. Oh man y'all can't tell me he not dynamic. Yeah you not supposed to be doing Kevin Durant like that.


Yeah and that's his man so You know that's his favorite player ever. That's his al Jordan moment. That's hard. But he's definitely him before too. But he got real shifty on K. Yeah Man, pass that torch my boy For sure. T who you got my Get Well Soon is to Naomi. Yeah. I don't know who that is. A wrestler. Jay Cargo came back and whooped her so she hurt Jay Cargo in the past then nobody know who it was. Jade Cargo made her return beat up now on me and she was looking like the one, she came back looking like the one y'all know why I went to the world Rumble.


I came for one reason to see Jade. Now I'm going to wrestle one WrestleMania for one reason to see Jade Respect She the goat man. She the goat on the women's side. I mean Charlotte Flair used to be my goat but now I'm going with Jade. Yeah Charlotte Flair come out there with that with the stone cold breaks. I was like yeah she got past the torch. It's like Katie ae. Yeah she got past the torch. It is Jade time now. The storm is coming for sure. Shout out to WrestleMania. We will be in there last certain not least Isaiah. Hartstein Get Well Soon. Rookie of the year. Bow. Oh my shit. That nigga look like he drop your mouthpiece. Oh Bow.


What he looking for? Sniper in the building. You gotta watch the bench of anybody on. Okay C move. 'cause I would've moved. No That's crazy Bow. Nobody moved. They solid. They solid over there. I would've, I would've moved. Ooh. Like my head. So you get across there, you gotta hurry up and jump up. You gotta close out. Damn OKC. They a real team drunk. They real team. Nobody there. Nobody moved. You already say watch the bench. Yeah, they they solid they a real t that would've happen to me on our team Sniper would put, was Grabbing each other like This? Yeah. Somebody would put they head in they shirt. Oh, motherfucker was, oh, Josh Smith, Joe Johnson. They laughing.


What? Go watch when our cross Marcus Joe Johnson Out of pocket. Shout Out to Mo Dog. Shout out to Mo for sure. Be here.


People trying to win some money, man. What you got for him Man? Everybody getting 25 tonight? Mellow Ball. Stefan Curry, Tyrese Maxey, Tyler Hero, Trey Young, Kyrie Irving, Shay all getting 25 tonight. This is a safe drafting. Spend $10 when you $200 today, man. We're keeping it clean. That sound Good? Okay. 10 for 200. Yeah, like little Monday. Keeping it clean. Shall I get you some dinner? That's It for sure. Shout out to Draft Kings. Use that promo Code Club five 20. Get you a little bonus on that for first time music. Yes sir. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back tomorrow morning, same time, same place. About 20 In The Morning for sure.


Bruh. The Volume.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called The Greatest of Their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five, Dirk. Four Paige is a lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we, we have these conversations. That's why we Absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night and after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I.