
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nam Ard. Type of a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason ERs here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and N ad's. Favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did


The Volume. Happy Martin Luther King Day. It's your favorite sports show. Five 20 In The Morning here to keep you up to date. Everything in the sports world, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells joined us morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop. He to my right, my brother Teague Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up brother? I threw the party yo The century and people came Mo no one left. So you see he catches some allegations right now. Teague? Nah, not that. Not would I be catching some Monday. One allegations. It's crazy Rod wave right now. What he doing? He canceling shows man. They say, you know what I'm saying, he might perform for Big T, Let's Move.


We not doing that. Perform he gonna play Party the Century for the for Trump. He threw the party at the Century. I go to That. He calling nigga Big T. Big They call Big T. He got TikTok back from y'all allegedly. That shit is hilarious bro. I'll pull up for that nigga. Call me what you want. Hey man, a good show. I know a lot of people ain't at work today man for the holiday but it's a hell of a day for show the Nation for sure. I got damn kids at home. I was shitty waking up. I'm like get your ass up for school. Fuck going home around this bitch. Make him watch my friend Martin at home all day. Y'all gonna do some service today. Y ain't in school. Shout MLK for Sure man. The legendary. Listen normally talk about basketball especially to start the show, but we gotta talk about football man.


Hell of a weekend for sure. We gotta get to the game. We had a lot of, you know what I'm saying, conversations about this. Shout to Sada, you know what I'm saying? He made some bold claims this weekend. But you had that Bills hat on. You happen to be right one time man, I'm always right. Happy be YI Y'all need to start betting with Teague. That's who's always right. I told y'all the commanders was gonna win and I told y'all the bills was gonna win but we can get to the game. Listen man, we gonna talk about those other games that were extraordinary as well. But you know what I'm saying, one of the most important games legacy was on the line yesterday. Bill took care of the Ravens in a very close game yesterday. 27, 25. Man, what a game. I don't even know where to go first. Before we were talking about what happened in the obvious, you brought up an interesting point man, them playing in that weather yesterday was crazy.


That's crazy. I mean I always felt weird about watching football games when it was in the snow and the conditions in the playoffs like that. Especially like for the Rams, you know West Coast team playing a stadium and they gotta go out in the snow in Philly. I mean that's the thing about having home field advantage, you know? Yeah you gotta deal with those kind of conditions. But I love to see two teams go at it on a neutral site like the Super Bowl when they play inside of a stadium. But it's the playoffs. That's what happens. For sure. Man, that game was crazy yesterday. Man. Listen, Josh Allen didn't have the best game yesterday, only had 1 27 yesterday and they still got it done man. Top to bottom. That was a great game. Let's get to it man. Is Mark Andrews the reason why they lost yesterday?


Nah, I mean being playing sports my whole life, you know, it's a total game. It could be one thing that happened early in that game that could have decided that game. I mean he did fumble early in the game. He did, but also Lamar threw a pick. It's all type of stuff that went on in that game that could have decided the game a little earlier. But Football is way different than basketball. Yeah, yeah. Like way, way different. So I, I wouldn't put that on him. No, not one play make the game. But that is a big play. But this goes back to what you were saying though, nigga, about kicking the field goal at the end of the game. So you can't, you can't contradict now Man that Kicking the field goal at the end of the game is are we kicking his ass in the locker room if he missed, are we saying bro, we threw a pick in the second half or the second quarter.


Like that wasn't on you bro. I should have threw that pick like, I mean Pressure different. Nah, I mean that's some pressure. But that's the same thing as being down to and going to the free throw line. That's exactly where he was at. I dunno. Game on the line. You know what that is a, that's comparison that that's the same thing. Okay. And The thing about that, you know you got fouled Like we fouling him, you got the ball, you got fouled. He didn't know the ball was coming to him. He like oh shit, I'm the open one. Like that's the difference. So that pressure a little different where you know you gotta go make him. He ain't know the ball was coming to him. He like damn Lamar probably gonna take off then he was open.


He like, shit he right now the the earlier decision to go for two it was stupid. Yeah because look at what you needed at the end of the game. You just need, that's why I will place a lot of his blame. I'm not putting blame on Lamar Jackson. If you were come here for me to apologize to the Buffalo fan base. No shout you out for advancing Lamar Jackson is still MVP in my book. 'cause if y'all lose yesterday we having a conversation about Josh Allen in 127 yards in a playoff victory. I mean lost. Excuse me. But hey, like you said Lamar made his flaws but Mark gotta catch that bro. Yeah you gotta catch that bro. But all the hate though, like oh yeah, trade him and all that. So I'm like bro he one of the best tight ends in the league bro. Like and he been one of Lamar's favorite targets for a while now. That's still his guy.


Yeah bro. His historic definitely, yeah he shot him some respect. That's one of his targets for one of his favorite targets. That's what happened in football though. It get, it get wicked. It get wicked. You know How it goes bro. Especially these, these, especially the Twitter streets bro. It was hate immediately man. Yeah trade him if y'all want to, oh Lamar will veto that in no heartbeat. Yeah you crazy but damn he sold yesterday boy. He did. He definitely sold. That was tough. Definitely sold. I hated to be, I would hate to be him bro. Yeah, Like bro, I know he went hopefully Something crazy happened in the Super Bowl. I know what two Niggas forget. I ain't gonna lie. No that city ain't forget when when you go off the sideline you don't take your helmet at off. Yeah. Oh yeah Because he, he kept that motherfucker on like I like Oh yeah, he don't want those Catch the motherfucker swing.


Yeah, You know what made it bad, they showed the pregame, they was just like him warming up and like sleepless and stuff and it was like this one ain't too cold for him shit. And they hey circle right back to that reel right before the game. Hey shake back wasn't too cold for you to catch that shit. Was it? He was shake back. Man It's all good. I don't even like beating. No I I told you I like to kick a motherfucker when they down but not him too many. He Play favorite to. Yeah But too many people was like bro I seen people like they was going crazy. It was, it was people showing they slips bro. Yeah bro on Twitter I was like damn bro, niggas gonna cashed in yesterday so I feel him. Hey the the Buffalo Bills fans was like hey bro what's bro cash at?


He said we about to turn bro up right off. I wanna ask y'all before we get off this subject, Lamar Jackson legacy, is it tarnished from this launch yesterday? Nah, hell nah. I mean that's what the thing about team sports like we was talking about yesterday, I mean tonight on the pod when we drop later team sports you can't, he did his job. He got him all the way down the field. Yeah They scored hell of a drive by the way. Yeah and he did his job. He made a good pass. Like he threw a trash pass to him that he couldn't catch. It was a catchable pass, he did his job but it take a whole team, everything gotta go right injury free for him to be champions and it just hasn't been his time.


Man, that's crazy. Like you said that for him that would've been a historic drive. He got him down the field in the fourth man saying to Todd take it to extra minutes and that happened. It was like damn right. It just wasn't meant to be. That's how it looked to me. For sure man, hell of a game yesterday man. For sure. We'll talk about some more a little bit later but the Heat took care of the Spurs yesterday. 1 28 to 1 0 7. Jimmy Ben back man your favorite white boy had 18 yesterday. Dunker Robinson. He had 21 for sure. Jimmy had eight points on seven shout attempts yesterday. 28 minutes. That's a funny ass stat line for sure, man. Why does he play Bro? Bro I know. I think Jimmy taking a route where I'm just gonna play defense so they can't find me like I ain't gonna do nothing else extra. Like if I'm open I'll shoot it but I ain't about to.


Nope. Just play defense and you can't say nothing. But I don't know why they playing them that many minutes. Yeah, that's what I think I was like 28 minutes is kind of crazy for somebody who's trying to move. That's the majority of the game bro. Yeah, nothing bro. I think Like that shit trash bro. I don't know. I mean I know Jimmy, he not like a, he like to prove points and shit. I know that for sure. But I think when he out there hooping with the, with the guys, I don't think he gonna let them down like that because he still respect most of the dudes on the team. He don't probably ain't got no problem with nobody on the team. He probably just got a problem with Pat. Yeah, Nah, and and that's cool bro. But I'm saying like everybody out there bro, they trying to win bro.


They trying to win bro. Just who bro. We know you mad at these niggas man, fuck these zones. If you really fuck with us bro. We trying to win bro. You out here, we don't know what you finna do and I think that's just bad for the team bro. Like get him out of there. We understand, you know you wanna leave but why nigga you out here with us playing 28 minutes hoop with us bro. We trying to smack these niggas. We playing the Spurs bro. We trying to beat them by 80 But shit, I mean he did have two blocks and seven assists. Nah, that's your nigga bro. I I'm just saying like I, I know him, he gonna take the role like y'all the Stars. I'm just gonna play defense. I just think that's some whole ass shit bro.


I'm sorry bro. We out here hooping bro Hoop. Yeah, Like well I know Jimmy, he gonna be like, well y'all don't think I'm a star no more, y'all wanna pay me like a third option. So Yeah, That's the organization Tyler Hero fuck with you though bro. Yeah, that's a fact. Damn. Having 'em dunking and they fuck with you. Who? That's a fact, but I I know Jimmy, I know what he doing. Oh man y'all wanna pay me like the third option. I'm gonna be your third option. You know how to play that third option. Look at he like all right date stars, I'll be the third option shot. Hey my boy started shooting the one-legged. I said oh yeah it's up On bro. That's the craziest, that's one of the craziest shots I seen That nigga that jab one leg. Have y'all seen the, have y'all seen the, the sta for that the the number of one-legged shots and shit?


I think La Melo lead it. It is like it's a Farass list Though. He got like 53 or some shit like that. Yeah please pull that up. Everybody else already, everybody else is like under 10 though. Lead the league in one-legged shots is funny. Yeah, shout to Dirt. Only Melo can do that to get a pass. Like it was like him Tyrese like wi it's, it is a crazy list bro. Yeah, but we know that ain't really a part of everybody game and with Jimmy doing that bro, it's, it, it look crazy bro. Because I'd be shitty if I was on the team. I ain't gonna lie bro. I'm trying to win bro. I'm trying to win. I know you, you know, like I said, you trying to get outta here but sit down my nigga. Fuck it. Yeah, I I think if they was in a little bit better of a situation I'd probably think he would probably play a little bit harder but he's like bro we in a four C right now bro.


Get me up outta here. There ain't too many games far, far behind though. In the east, you know you a four game win trick away from being from eighth to fourth. So Yeah, like you said, they could definitely make something happen for sure. But it's just ugly man. We hear about it every single week at some point man. Yeah, the only three games behind but being a top five seat Miller, I got 53. I told you everybody else under 10. It's not, that's not even tre, that's a wild stat. Whatever you wanna call it. Like Fifty three one legged shots as far. That's what, that's Why the most All Star. That's exactly, that's what I do bro. That's what I do. 53. The next thing you got seven is crazy. One leg shots in League. What happen to you if you did that with Mike Wilson and your head coach? What happen?


Man, I ain't getting in a game with him as the coach anyway. Damn. With his regular game. Yeah, With any shot. Pick a niggas up full quarter practice still shout out to Woody man. Mm Man. Hey get well soon Woody boy. What's going on in Bloomville right now? Real wicked for sure. Ah yeah they they trying to get him outta there. Yeah listen we got about a month to trade that line. We'll see what happens if egos will collage still or if Pat Riley will give it to what Jimmy won to be determined the Clippers took care of the Lakers. One 16 to 1 0 2 4 straight win for the Clippers. Man. You still ain't believing man. Nah, but we we all right though.


All right, we all right. Shout to Zoo back killing like that though. Big Zoo Come on. 2119. Yeah, James Harden had 21 N 12 when I highlight James Harden man 14th all time in buckets. Yeah, he's 2 35 behind the King B one. Where y'all rank? James Harden Y'all NBA all time scorers man. Shit. 14. You think he's gonna be top 10 for sure. Yeah, I mean I know that. Yeah he, he one of the best scorers I ever seen play. He made it so easy, made it look so easy the way he played the Stepback three, the floaters, the ISOs.


I mean he made the game look real easy. He changed the game. He also fucked the game up. Him and Steph. He, He also messed the game up. Yes like for young people 'cause everybody wanted to be him and everybody, not him. Nah everybody got, so it's a lot of these step back bad threes that you gotta coach and now as a coach you gotta play through and like hey that ain't a good shot, that ain't a good shot. But when you watch James Harden do it and he do it at the consistent rate that he was doing it and getting 40, 50, 60 points, it kind of fucked up a lot of kids. I give you that. I give you that. Yeah Because he made it look easy. It was damn sure not but they don't understand like James Harden has all the fundamentals.


Like before you seen that James Harden that you seen in Houston, it was another James Harden at Arizona State who was coming off pin downs getting to the basket layups using both hands going both ways, playing a team way. It was also a James Harden at OKC who came off the bench who played a different way and he developed his game to get to that point where he was unguardable but they only seen the James Harden in Houston so yeah That that Arizona state wasn't on Instagram bro. Nah, I get It. The OKC wasn't on Instagram so, But my point was they don't know how many hours and hours and hours of work to get. No you right. But I don't want to put all the blame on James Harden for That. No I'm not giving all the blame. I mean him and Steph Curry changed the game.


Yeah, most definitely. But that James Harden in Houston inspired a lot of people to play how they play but they don't understand all the hours and all the work he did to get to be that player. Nah Of fact They just like, oh James Harden can do that. Like nigga y'all know you gotta start from the basics boy for sure. Like no you have to, When that trick shit ain't working you gotta go back to the basics. Yeah he was always to go back to the basics. Yeah. Like he knew how to do a regular step back before he did the double stepback. Like Yeah. Is that travel on some real shit? I it is what it is in the game. Nah, If you let the ball float in your hand you can move your feet at many times. You want, you like keep the Ball flow So you can see walk as long as that motherfucker flow.


Yeah. Straight up respect And he mastered that. A lot of people think it like again it take a lot of it took what, five, six years when you become that Houston player bro. Yeah. And also he is six seven. Y'all ain't six seven doing that at all. Yeah. Niggas five, seven doing that double step back Ain't getting no spaces. Nah. I just hate that people don't understand how much work he put in to be that player. Nah, that's a fact.


The NFL playoffs kickoff this weekend and the action is always heating up on the field at the draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the drafting sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. If you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They Changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you was like, when when you send it, yeah you're just like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NH Challenge scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now you wish You could pull off my short shorts Burki That's sure of Kaza ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Dem, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


We looked at Lips. He seen Melo right there at 10. You think he can catch Mellow? Yeah. Yeah he can catch him. Yeah. How many points? How many points does he away though? He's 2 35. One Two. Oh yeah, he can get that. Yeah James, he games he gonna play two or three. Three three more years for sure. Yeah. When James Harden did that he had 11. Oh oh yeah, he's straight For sure. He, he gonna play three more years at least. And not to beat to Dead Horse but it's still messed up with Carmelo Anthony sending them years off for no reason 'cause he would've been hired for sure.


Yeah he KD being at eight is crazy too. He got hurt bad Achilles that Night. KD sat down a lot. I'm saying even still for him to be at eight despite all that is still crazy. Well freaky Carl used to get two attack my soul. Lon got a lot of buckets. You got buckets. 36,000 is great. That motherfucker freaking row was real freaky back in the day. Damn Dirk. Six all the time. Yeah. Was J five Kobe four called Malone three Kareem at two. Damn. Dirk was really killing murdering bro. That's crazy. That's crazy. That like LeBron really got that more points than Kareem now.


I remember we just talked like we just high alighted of that shit and it's almost four Kro. That's crazy. That's a lie. Motherfucker Jabari used to put it in the bucket. I just respect his more 'cause the hook shot was so weak and that bitch was gold every time. What the best moves of basketball? Unstoppable For sure. Yeah. Nothing much about that game. Clippers won but did y'all see Dlo and LeBron when they played each other? Yeah. What they said LeBron that played the defenses oh nine boy was locked in. Yeah that shit's hilarious man. He was playing Ain't with him. Yeah man why he LeBron sitting down like that and he foul him.


Shouldn't have said nothing about me. What'd he say about Brown Wild. I just don't think he like D Man. Man He rock man. He said most time LA was a blur. Yeah. Damn. Dlo still running his mouth. He is known for that. That's terrible. That's crazy. Yeah man. Give well soon D LeBron Playing D like that is crazy. It is beefing. Yeah it's personal. Brian Guard. You like that? That's wild Knowing you. Not about the shoot from the volleyball line. It's hilarious. Shout out to bro. Man the book Secure the sixes yesterday 1 23 to 1 0 9. Tyrese Maxey had 37. Giannis had 34 and 15. Dame had 25 and five. Chris Middleton at 13 only paid 28 minutes though.


And Kelly Uber, he been hooping too at 19. Hey man, the bucks going crazy right now and won of the last four seven outta the laps 10. What's going on man? I like them. I mean the bucks I told you they got, they got all the recipes to be a championship team. They just had to find a formula and they found it play through Giannis and Dame and let Dame be himself. Like they kind of like played him opposite of each other a little bit. So Dame can have time to be Dame but Giannis is playing at the all time high. Like we not even talking about him in the MVP race 'cause they was so, they started off so bad but he had been quietly his best year ever. Yeah. Averaging the most points ever in his career. At 31 and a half. Yeah. Yeah.


Like he's having an unbelievable season but we not talking about it 'cause we used to Giannis killing and the buck started off so bad but he's starting to creep into the MVP race. Yeah like you said voter fatigue is the reason why he won't be in that situation. Yeah but even though they started off bad, a lot of teams didn't start off the best this season. Like they bounced back quick as hell though. Yeah because joking and them didn't start off like that either. Nah, I mean even the Knicks took a little time to mesh for sure. So yeah they don't really have too much m on them. They been getting together for sure. No, 31 12 to six is crazy. Yeah. Like that's elite numbers bro. That's MVP numbers bro. He's having an unbelievable year but we just, people just like it is Giannis like, you know what I mean? It is Giannis Shit Man.


That's why my debate yesterday is a little different now. Huh? When you think about ain't But that, that, that's special. Listen, on the pod that's dropping day at 12, they have a really good conversation about Giannis and kd. We ain't gonna spoil that but it is definitely a good conversation for sure. But Six assists for Giannis. That's, that's impressive with 12 boys. You, you are the team. Matter of fact go to KD stats. You, You are the, you are the team this Year. Yeah just go to KD just I know. And year. I know K and year 17. What year is this for Giannis? I Won't bite the bait Is year. Year 11. Year 11. Alright. Go to Kevin Durant. Year 11 stats. I just wanna see You asking for a lot.


Just Kevin Durant. Year 11 is still okay see? Right. It might be or Golden State might be Golden State so it doesn't count if he's at Golden State it Is 28 and eight. 28 and eight and he was at Golden State Probably 28 and eight. Not bad. Yeah, that ain't bad at all. Yeah listen, a great conversation to be had for sure. Please check out the podcast later man. Daymond two was going crazy but KC. Yeah, shit, ain't nothing wrong with that at all. Nah. And he had won a championship by then. Cool. Had he was in OKC in year 11.


Damn. 2001. My bad. I I think he won a championship by year 11 saying he was in gonna state by then. I was about to say I know I ain't wilding. 2017 is Golden State Warrior Championship right? Yeah. And He came into the league in oh seven. Okay. Yeah he was at Golden State. I was say I know he won a chip by then. He had a chip by then too. That's A long time. He still, well he, yeah that's, he's still killing his shit for sure man. We'll say that for the podcast. But he is still killing, I mean K Kevin Durant It is no K smut ever in life. On his podcast. He not doing that. We'll never accept that. Never one of the cot It just a good argument. It was a good argument. But Kevin Durant is one of the cot ever.


Period. For sure. Back to the NFL for sure. Man Commanders took care of the Lions. 45 31. The real jd. He had 302 tds as well. Man we talked about it man Sada hit me back yesterday man. He said he was ducking your calls on purpose. I know he was. He said I watched it, I watched him call me. I ain't have time for that shit. I told y'all the commanders was gonna go command though. That's crazy. That should be the new team logo they for. So niggas ain't gonna say Paul, niggas say boy y'all full of Shit. I Paul nigga was Bro Commando is naked. They I know what city they was In. I knew that under my and stuff. What? What city they was in?


What? Who they played? Who You talking about? They was on them Detroit Halls after with Commando. Hey Man what, what's the spots called? Side of comedy. Where they be at? Lord I'm gonna call Jay. He know where they at now. Oh Lord Jesus Christ. Respect. Get Wilson to the lion man. Shout to the commanders. He was fucked up. They used to say that. They used to call it in like we gonna beat they ass and mess with they girls after the game. That's What people used to say. I ain't gonna say what they used to call though, but that's how I used to. Somebody gonna tell the comedy don't sure word. Yeah, pro Sports is out of pocket. Best they gonna irv baby the chiefs take care of the Texans on set today.


Listen man. Is it three P time? Yeah. Yeah three P time for Pat. Yeah it is light work man. For the money. Yeah. Yeah. I I'm nothing on the bills going up to Arrowhead and getting a win. Nah, it's quiet. That's so crazy man. I like Josh Allen but it's quiet. Travis Kel. Yeah he just, every time a playoffs come around he just magically becomes Yeah bro the best tight end of football game after he chills the whole year. I wanna know what the odds are on that game though. I might be something. Oh that's gonna be level line for sure. I'm taking KC here but don't, don't bet against Pat Mahome brother. I want you to keep your money. I I love Pat but I think I got a little shout to Draft Kings.


Okay. Little extra. Mm okay. Respect. You got something you going I might tap in the spread ain't too crazy But that boy, that boy just know how to win. Yeah. Travis Kelsey know how to get open. They like be joking damn near like they don't even be playing for real the whole season. Nah bro, they Save your body bro. And then like they let the team get comfortable like the Texans was feeling theyself for a little second. Travis Kelsey Is a real koala in Yeah I my mama when it's time to step up in the playoffs he wake up. Yeah. I'm the best tight end football still and not for nothing respected CJ Strau, a lot of people put smart on his name. They had a slow start as well. They talking about his off season stuff to podcast and all that stuff he was doing.


It's not his fault that he got sacked almost a thousand times in that game yesterday bro wasn't his fault and he was still playing. Well bro, CJ Strout is still in the league quarterback. I know y'all got them jokes out early this season but you know two years in the row of being in the playoffs that first two years and each year you progress. Ain't nothing to sneeze at at all man. He gotta get new old line. He gotta get some more people on that old line. Yeah they gotta get big Thanos bring his guy. If Deon can get healthy man, come on bring his, this guy send him down to Texas. Yeah he need, he just needs some more o line bro. They getting sacked that many times in the playoff game. It's crazy. Yeah bro. But also that's what that Kansas CC defense dude when the playoffs turn around bro saying how they feel about him when the playoffs start bro. Totally. A totally different team man. Yeah turn up too for sure. Keeping it on football.


Who you got tonight? Oh State Notre Dame. Man don't stop playing with me man. Stop me. What you got? Come on man. I've been a fan since AJ Hawk bro. Okay you locked in Oh state today. Come on man. What we doing? Dang man. Eight and a half went favor you taking it. Listen man it is light. Everything about this is light like not Dame. We might, they might get dubbed I'm going with the dub. Yeah they might get dubbed Notre Dame plus two 90 being here. You got a little soda throw in there just in case. Yeah I'm song on. I fuck with the black coach. I'm done nothing On a dub Shit. Nothing Shit Quiet. I fuck I fuck with the black coach. It's not happening. This Is not about race.


I'm just saying I fuck with what today is Martin Luther King. I would never thought. I mean they used to have what dude named both Ty, what was the black coach name? Ty something from Notre Dame and they have a black coach a minute ago they was like Ty oh have to look it up. I forgot off hand. Yeah I used to have a black coach. I remember 'cause I used to go over to Lou house they'd be watching 'em. Sad ass niggas play. I used to be like man turn this shit off. Coach Lu man. When they had Brady Quinn and shit. I think, I don't know if Brady Quinn was there with the black coach but they used to have a black coach I think Tyro. Willingham. Yeah there you go. I was sick of that nigga. Tyro. Willingham. That's funny. Sick of it over Lu house. They be playing with him and We think old steak gonna be them about 20. Yeah. Yeah. I think it might get wicked. I don't know if it's gonna be a 20 ball but I think Ohio State's going to handle them for sure.


Unfortunately. What's my dog from? Youngstown was a coach. Ohio State. I forgot his name from Youngstown State? Nah, Youngstown. He from Youngstown, Ohio. Emma, Clare. What was the coach when? When Clare was there? Jim Tressel. Yeah, trusts. There you go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a real coach right there. Tress was getting active and we pay. Yeah. Yeah. NIL we the first NIL. Damn he's snitching. They was the first NIL And then look what happened to Louisville. That's why I hate NCA hope You enjoying your retirement trusts. So they put, he trying to throw you in the school? I he still alive? Nah, it wasn't say 72 he got no he still there. He got two more orange balls in him. Might get wicked fuck outta here.


We we living strong. I wonder if they still let him around and play. Yeah, I'll kill it niggas. He's 72 y'all. Yeah but he definitely gonna be on the next still you go to the game. Jim Is a hundred. Lou Ho is still living. Yeah, Lou Ho is still alive. Yes bro. Bro. Lou host Dickie V Who else Lou Ho. Well Huey Brown close to a hundred. Lou Ho used to coach Notre Dame right? Yeah. Yeah. Well this might be the this game. Oh they doing it for Lou Game might take you out. Was There when it was built The way this beat about to be. You know who getting old that I hate seeing getting old though. Who? My man that be putting a helmet on on game day. It be league courses. Oh yeah. Yeah. I hate that He getting old. He didn't hit himself in the head with that motherfucking one day.


No, don't do that bro. Not the coach. Don't do that with Coach bro. Oh Lou Lou. Only 88. He did I Damn y'all just killed the coach from Mote. Retre. He's 72. Lincoln is 16 years older than him. Lou Lou kick it maybe 16 years older than somebody's crazy. Lou still kicking. Lou Ho's been looking like that for a long time. Yeah bro. But I hate that than Him in his younger years. I hate that coach getting old man. 'cause I used to love him on game day. Somebody he got older him two years. Man. That's how I feel about Huy Brown. I might, he been older a long time. But yeah, my boy, I'm happy since last season. Man. Joey Bro Brown Is A legend. No, I swear to God bro. For sure. He, he Called Star Cam too. That was my dog right there Man.


I'm like, I'm I gonna call Hug. Remember you remember Five Star sauce? What he be five star with us? He be breaking games down too. Don't match. He know the game like a fucker. He be brown to Goat man. For sure. Some more last night's games we get to Nex took care of the magic yesterday. One 13 to 100. Joker had a Triple Dub. 2014 N 10. Ben Carroll only had 10. Jamal Murray had 19 as well. The Kings beat The Wizards yesterday built to ass situation. 1 23 to a hundred. Listen, they not have won their last 10 games. Mans bonus went crazy yesterday with 29 and 18 Ad Fox had 12 and 13 kings. Man, I know we talking about 'em. They they still on the high street.


They can ride out the rest of season. Christie on the show. Doug Christie, man, you might as well lock in. You the, you the coach now. Boy, get that bag my boy. You, you the coach. Like they, well they at nine right behind Minnesota. Well they a two game win streak to be in a, a FIPSE in the, in the west. Damn. Some crazy stats for Saboni though. You know what bro? That's one thing I always have respect for him. He gonna rebound like a motherfucker. He's always a great, I hate think that he couldn't make that work with the Pacers. Well, him and Miles, I'm glad to see him gone but to a better team. I mean he was an Allstar with the pike funny. Yeah, he definitely was. Watch out with that better team. I don't know what what that was about, but respect My soul. The kings are better than y'all. Stop it. My soul Man, they had one playoff year and they was excited.


They lift the beam up. They hadn't been a playoff for 15 Years. You don't think if the kings were out east, they wouldn't dust y'all? I I can't, I can't say whether player For player They better, better than y'all. What We had a debate about yesterday. Oh, the Jaylen Johnson. Yeah. Deebo D and Fox is better than everybody on that team. Facts. But after that is better than every big, every big on that team, every wing, every big on the Pacers facts. Oh Deebo is a better role player than any role player on the Pacers Facts. Okay.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There Was something sentimental when you, when when you send it. Yeah, it is like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL defenseman turn NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts. Burke that Short of Casa Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run. We'll see if to make the playoffs and it was all, they're on the 10 game win streak and in the playing. So shout out to how great the kings are right now.


Stay out west bro. It's, it's, you play everybody in the NBA Brandon. No you do not bro. You do not. It is different. The way the play schedule is different than the e schedule bro. And it was, it's quiet out but nah, it's not quiet out east. If you go to the Easton conference, the top team there. This nigga said the patience is better than the Kings. I'm, I'm comfortable with that. He said it was better than the Hawks too. He did. I did. He was drunk. He said Jalen Johnson is better. Not better than. Alright, look at the conference standings. Hold on. I mean stay right here. Go back to the east bro. This nigga crazy bro. The Pacers 24 19. Yeah, but y'all 15 and 15 in conference.


Come on bro. I mean what We record seven in conference. Y'all got it? Y'all got it. That's crazy to me though. Stand by your, stand by your team though. King. 14 to 14. Stand by your 12. 12. Y'all the same team. Damn nigga. Y'all, y'all, y'all dipped the same team. Way better. Whoa. Okay but they conference is harder. They 14 and 14 at conference. It's and y'all 1515. Come on. The West is way better than the team out east. Y'all, Our conference is wicked right now. Man that shit sucks. We got the Cavs and the bucks. What do you mean that Shit sad bro. Jimmy The Cavs and the Bucks are elite Bro.


The magic is out there holding on bro and they don't even have they team bro. Y'all got it. Get well. So King they let the be off one playoff run. They made the playoffs for 15 years. I don't want no comparisons. We done been at conference Fox couple times, no comparisons. Get well soon. Sacramento for sure. Thunder beat the net yesterday 1 27 to 1 0 1 SGA had 27 to 10. Cam Johnson had 15. Isaiah Joe was killing yesterday. He had eight threes of 24 points. Y'all see the asking price allegedly for Cam Joslyn two first round picks. Boy I ain't that good. I was gonna say I think Brooklyn is talking themselves out of a deal. Yeah he good but he ain't that damn good.


Yeah when we seen other people go for second round picks and maybe three. Oh that, that that's, that's false moves y'all did They see we got a team call today. Okay. That's false allegation. My fault. I forgot you was the inside ear. Let us know the update, the real asking price. You know what I'm saying? That nigga don't know Gonna be shitty next week. Will y'all see me how I walk in this bitch nigga? Yeah. Yeah nigga They they gonna give you a Brooklyn, a Brooklyn cutoff practice shirt like Your daddy used to wear. That's how my daddy used to dress for her. All cut off sleeve. Big strong. Ah y'all gonna be shitty Next I can. Hey make sure you sit him that weak ass warm up. Send him the weakest one.


Adidas in the back. Not even Nike one now that's nasty. Send the old Adidas drawers. The sleeve jerseys. Yeah. Shop club five 20 do com that Way those will not be on the website. That is our two first rounds with Kim Johnson. Oh. Brooklyn five 20 collab is crazy. But you know who could get, you know who could get him now for two first rounds though. Oh crazy. Yeah and it wouldn't bother him at all the half 14 of them. Yeah. So that's his asking Impress I'm A OKC. Thanks. Like that's it. Okay. Do y'all get the job now if y'all kc or do you say I got a good thing going right now. Don't nah, Hell know Don't want him. Well I don't want Him. We don't need him. He put some word that really need him. He fit in. He fit in Perfect with y'all group y'all.


Y'all play all wings that can guard multiple positions. We got y'all start a young, sometimes y'all start Cason wa what's his name? Casson Wallace. Carson Wallace, Caston Wallace whatever. Wallace. Yep. Y'all start him sometimes he a young player which is he a good player. Nice. But if you take him out the lineup and put Kim Johnson, I like him but I think Kim will be better on another team that really need a Cam Johnson Shit. Y'all need him too. Not as bad as some other teams though. Memphis need him more than us But Memphis can't afford 'em. They cannot I think. I mean agree. I think all can see is just find how they are. But I think if you add him that's automatically all we going to the finals. Yeah I guess having somebody out, I mean even if he don't star but having somebody's basically like yo second unit killer bro.


That's, that's crazy. Or even like if a Lew do is struggling now you got another defender who can actually score that bitch. Not saying Lou Dork can't but and put more pressure on and he another sniper. He A better scorer than Lou Dork. A hundred percent. Yeah. And he can guard for sure. We will see two first round Pickies a hell of an asking price for today's price in NBA. Yeah but you know people have paid for crazier things. The Blazer took care of the Bulls yesterday. One 13 and 1 0 2 School Henderson had 25. He'd been killing the last round of games. Man. You was asking him to hoop? Yeah. You got a hoop scoot. You ain't got nothing to lose. Fuck we holding back for Shoot the ball bro. Go get active y'all ass. Y'all in the, y'all in the bed for Coop, coop and Scoop.


That's good though. These past, he been killing these past four games. Hopefully he can continue with because they need him because he, he gonna be on the block. He finding a little. Yeah because if you don't yeah if you don't start showing some promise, boy they gonna draft somebody. Yeah They gonna sing your ass on. Cool, cool. None Trump Spencer die Harbo but they ain that locked in know you bro. Nah, not today Dame. Yeah. Yeah they used to. I used to some shit. Shit. That's a lot of pressure for him too. I wonder if that's a a part of his mental Probably trying To fill that void in Used. I hate that. Used to Dame and cj. Yeah. Yeah. And now you going from school to Anthony sign like Anthony he nice but hard. Yeah but school you gotta start showing some promise and I think these last four games even stepped it up.


So go crazy Young school. Yeah go crazy 'cause Dylan Harper Woolworth Black and Red just fine. Yeah. What it fit in Right. Perfect. Shit we'll get real wicked couple games today. We'll see how y'all feel about 'em. Timber Ws Act Grizzlies. Timber Woods. MOK Doubleheader. Y'all know how that goes. They mean the Hawks playing today. Huh? They usually play on MK day. Yes. Yeah we used to have fire jerseys on MLK day. It wasn't too bad. You ever play MK Day? Yeah I played, I played in Atlanta. We played every time. Yeah. Gonna say yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Early on. Yeah for sure. Yeah. That's crazy. You got Grizzlies or you got? I got the Grizzlies. Okay. Yeah. What some T Wolves in?


I'm not playing. Atlanta ain't playing. Ja ain't playing. Oh. Ja Y'all always, I about say yeah that's where MLK did most of his, his work off off the court Respect Celtics at Warriors. Boy just don't give a damn Celtics boy. Just can't get right. Celtics no Draymond don't matter anyway. If he was there, shouts to the homie. But yeah, Celtics built a ass situation for sure. It's looking like Mavericks at Hornets. It's, it's, nobody's really gonna watch these games 'cause college football is on tonight. Yeah It's ugly but, But I'm taking the Mavericks For sure. The boy just can't get right. Who you got? Teague? I'm take the mask.


Pistons at rockets. Rockets, rockets. Rockets for sure. Hawks at Nicks. Nicks, Nicks. Nah, I'm, I'm gonna go with the Hawks for sure. Aint Mel K that game? The mike sneak one sons at Cavs. Cavs, yeah. Cavs. You know Trey Younger? A New York killer? He is. That's why I'm surprised that didn't make the doubleheader. Yeah. But I imagine when they probably put this out, Celtics at Warrior probably sounded like a really good game to have. Yeah. Shit got wicked for sure. Yeah. Tre Young is a Nick killer for sure. But I think they just got the best and they might bounce back. They some get back Jazz at Pelicans two B game of the day.


Yeah. Who gives a shit pe. Yeah. Take your pick Bulls Act Clippers. Clips The Bulls always run a random game. I don't pick them in so I'm gonna rock with him this time. Yeah. And Zach Vin get 30. Yeah, he had 27 last night too. Same surprise at all. Verified Buckets be here. Who was getting to it this weekend? I'll go ahead and give it to Saquon. Went crazy. Went crazy in that. Went over to Rams man. 2 0 5 2 tds. Listen man, listen, we talk about them conditions, it didn't matter. Sequan was running all down that field. Yeah, historic year. He's having for running back. Man, I wish you would've broke the record man. I wish they would've let him break that record. Yeah, I mean he did go to fucking Penn State. Oh yeah, he he's used to the elements for sure.


Yeah, but that touchdown run is crazy bro. Wow. Yeah, I don't know how he running like that. I can't believe that James ain't wanna pay that man. Fuck him. That's hard. Head tap on the way to, he celebrated 40 yards out. That's in the fourth quarter of a playoff game by the way too. That's elite. I'm happy for him Man. I Me too. I can't believe the Giants are You celebrating man now where you tolerated King? Yeah. That's why the Giants deserve less for doing stupid shit like that. Why you don't want pay him bro? Fuck them At least seeing him somewhere else. Si something bro. You let him go to his Yeah He league team. Yeah bro. Messing up the division being stupid.


Get well soon for sure. I'm gonna show some love to Jayden Daniels man. Me too man. You can. Hey this is a joint venture right here. Yeah. We showing love man. 302 tds man. We talked about on the pod man, but what a hell of a rookie year man. One of the best of all time for sure. But man, look at that dot that's Elite dot. Yeah bro. He liked that for real. Dot he's so much like he's so poised for a rookie. You know what's crazy? Early on people was saying he's way better than RG three and I was like ah, let's not just do that too quick. But he is better than RG three even though RG three was elite before the injury. Don't get it fucked up. What you see three was cold bro.


He was cold. Yeah but he's so poor. He like, he been there before. Yeah like he's super comfortable. He like all like if this can continue, I mean it's only year one but he can continue this. He gonna be like our new favorite court. He going to step in that Pat Mahomes thing on Difference is he like us. He he. Yeah. You know I don't have to say Yeah. Yes. Yes. I mean we know we all love no rais and the potato salad. Yeah we all love Lamar Jackson. Yeah but he like, he like the middle ground like Lamar the way over here. Yeah Pat over there and then Jayden Dan was like the middle ground. You could be like ah yeah he probably lived in the suburbs but he's a cool kid.


Like, you know what I mean? Lamar from the trenches? Yes sir. Pat was kind of like Steph Curry, you know he grew up there, play baseball and that stuff and then yeah Jayden just kind of in the middle like I don't know if he from the hood. I dunno. Hopefully Pat got a blend though. I don't know. Hopefully it ain't breadcrumbs on the macaroni and rais in the potato salad over there Bro. It's razors for short house bro. But OG Mahomes boy I know he got a little bit of culture but that's what I'm Saying because He wild boy's. What I'm saying, he got that balance bro. Dad lit Pops. Pops. Yeah he is lit. Give was some of the pops too. They asked if if JD is better than Lamar Jackson. Oh nah. And into dad. I don't want to answer that. The answer's no, but I don't wanna answer that 'cause the problem is going to happen.


It's too Early Y. Yeah. Nah, nah, nah. Scenario, scenario scenario. If he wins it beats the Eagles and go to the Super Bowl then the conversation gonna have to be had No bro y'all, I think y'all be pushing people over that ledge too soon bro. Because he gotta do this Again. Yeah, y'all be fucking up niggas body of work bro. That's why I be understanding why people feel some type of way because a dude that just coming in the league, you saying he buried me bro. I been doing this bro. Yeah like let him let him build. He what I Mean got he gotta do this for four or five more years then we can talk. Yeah. Now you know I'm a Lamar Jackson fan, he got better. I'm trying to be open to the conversation. But if he go to the Super Bowl as a rookie and that team was sell trash. No that bro that's elite. No that's hard. It is hard. But then you gotta think about it his his ceiling is like done now.


Like you the great, you had the greatest run ever. How do you repeat that? So now if you get out next year in the first round. Yeah it's like ah that shit was a fluke. That's why it's kind of hard to have them. Even if he go they might treat him like they do Jason Taylor. Yeah. He might get that JT love if he don't win for a while. Yeah and they just be real good for a minute. Yep. For like five years. They just keep making it to the, Because that was a lot of pressure on Jason Tatum till he won and it's still like damn nigga I've been with it since I got to this hole. Y'all still got something to say. That's very fair. So Jay Dam was about to be Jason Tatum of the NFL. Great. I pray not. I pray not Not. I think he, I think that is exactly what I'm to Be I talking about the smut.


You know we fuck with jt. No No I'm saying the smut I'm talking about he is gonna be really, really good. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah for sure. They might not win for a while. Yeah they might not ever win. I Just didn't want him to have that type of pressure as jt. Well shit. And it feel different. You are a franchise leader. It is. And honestly for what they drafted him for is you don't see that too much. Like that man going crazy his first year. I wish him the best even though he in my division. You know why I hate that though? 'cause he on a rookie deal like you had this hell of a season and it's like, I ain't gonna say it's a waste but it's kind a waste Like because in the NFL it's better to get greater like Yeah like Yeah it's better to get like you can get paid like you can you know sit out and be like nah I want more money now.


Whatever. And on your rookie deals like you can't do that. Yeah That's why I mean that pressure is different because if after this year, if he has a next couple years in his trash bro, they gonna treat you like you trash bro. You never did ain't Yeah they gonna forget all about what you did your rookie year. Yeah the NFL is really weird. Have you known for me lately? 'cause that's how fast we talk about how bad Sam Don was earlier on and he went crazy this year it was about to get a stupid payday. Yeah, yeah It get wicked for show but But Keep winning King. Hey I ain't mad at it man. Turn up. I'm gonna show some love to Giannis man. 34 15 like we're talking about it. He don't get enough love for killing the way he kills man. Yeah for sure. Listen man, Monday morning to be here. Who needs some encouragement to start that week off? Probably Austin Reve man. Yeah, give Give get freaked the Greek off there.


Kaw Leonard. Man. That's the guy man had an interesting conversation too about him on the pod Bow. Yeah. All well a little staggered. Lemme see again. Damn Kaco man. Yeah he play too much bro. He do what he want to. Man. Shout out to UA mike. Get well soon is still gonna Mark Andrews. I know that's a lot of smile on that right now. But yeah, I don't care. You have to make this catch bro. This might be the get well sooner of the year though. Yeah you gotta catch that bro. Nigga's legacy on the line Run a Hell of a play too.


That's a great play after a great drop. Look At the screen by seven. The fix was in. They pushed the button. Damn. Somebody hit the beat os Button. BDOs push the button dj. That's tough. Oh you gotta catch that man. I ain't gonna lie. I thought Lamar was about to throw it to seven the whole time. Fuck. I hate looking at that bro. Man man it's terrible man shots looking At that, looking at that is like looking at a nigga get injured. Like when Paul George got injured they kept replaying. I'm like damn I never looked at that. That was bad. I remember the Louisville one. Your boy Okay. Oh cable wear died for our sin bro, for us with the National championship bro. My god. Cable wear salute forever bro.


I never looked at Sean Livingston injury either. Ooh man that's Terrible. I've never watched him working. Paul George I never watched. Unfortunately the one I saw live was what happened with Gordon Hayward that first game of the year. I seen that one but when everybody was on the ground like praying and stuff, that shit was crazy. Yeah. Another get will assumed man. Gary paid the second out of pocket man What you doing? He bored And JP and Feds Ada was funny. There was at one point Jared Smith got fine for doing that because he was just, I taught everybody shoot at the free throw line is too I you gonna get in trouble. Your hairline like that bro.


Cut that shit off. Who? The rap? The Rams. Well look at this shit. White people hair lines be crazy though. They can do whatever they want. I mean they can bro. But eh, that shit Is wicked. Come on man. Do Whatever they want. Yeah. Yeah bro. White people hair laws be od bro. Gray Clips Taper bro. That's crazy. A Gray Clips Taper is sick. Ain't got no blend. Alright B here. People wanna start their week off with some money man. What you got for 'em? Yeah Man. The Crown is yours I got today. Lalo 25, Kyrie 20, Jalen Green, 20. Anthony El Edwards 25 Carl Anthony Towns 20. Donvan Mitchell 20.


Jason Tatu will have 25 on the Warriors tonight. James Harden 20. Light Day 500. When you $7,000 man. 500. When you how much today? 7,000 today. Hey man, seven bands will sound too bad. Beat be here and got some money for y'all. T you fucking with it. Nah, Well we don't give a fuck. I ain't rocking with that one. Listen man, use that promo Cold Club five 20, man. Get you a little bit of bonus in that bet. For sure man. We appreciate y'all rocking with us. We'll be back same time tomorrow morning, five 20 In The Morning, The Volume. Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast.


Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Kinter. Type in a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let tablet Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin de Mers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.