
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's to per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Here's why April chose to vaccinate her child. I think actually meeting someone who was not vaccinated and now has a lifelong struggle with a childhood disease really cemented for me that it's super important that we as parents continue to vaccinate our children. Talk to your pediatrician or visit y vaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck.


Some stands for, so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington DC.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


The volume.


The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance. So we can play some bets on these games. Man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA. For sure. We ready to tap in man, what you got for me? That five to get $300 in bonus bets, Man, $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, Man, I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm gonna use that bonus bed to put it in for my Indiana Pacers. We going to get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time betters on DraftKings. $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings. Put in promo code Club five 20. That's again promo code Club five 20. Fellas, y'all laughing at me but hey, you bit that $5 and you get $300 back on that. Bonus bets for show only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


You know what time it is? Five 20 at night. You know we here at night. What happened? Moot. That means the Pacers got a fucking W. Come on man. Belt to ass man. Yeah. Pace Pacers In four man. Shout to Oh yeah, let's go. Shout to choke kc. You know what I'm saying? They tried their very best tonight. They played amazing defense. Yeah, it didn't fucking matter man. Tyree hella Burton, your point guard could fucking never dj. What was we saying earlier? Oh yeah, I've never seen some of the moments from these niggas we talked about this morning. Gimme Halle over everybody talk about it. Mo gimme Halle over a gimme. Oh yeah. At this point gimme Halle over prime Bro. Fuck it. Let's go. I'm here to that motherfucker Liquor kicking your ass. I'm here to Tweak. Matter of fact, gimme a shot because I need to tweak out.


Take some dumb shit like that again. That look kick you out when They tell us this morning than er Fox. Whoever y'all wanna say nigga Deebo don't matter. All the niggas y name morning ain't got these moments. It don't matter. I Ain't gonna lie bro. This is and he was playing bad and finish over. We been watching basketball a long fucking time bro. Fix your mic bro. Oh fix It. Nigga's tweaking. Niggas. Lemme hold that motherfucker. It's been a good job. Hey Basketball a long time bro. I'm DJ Paul. This nigga bro. Shout to DJ Bob. Why is he like that? This nigga Tyrese Hallberg bro is the most clutch nigga I ever seen.


Let's talk about The real player. No bro. Oh my mama. He better Is he? He better. Who? Oh my kids. He better Who? He better. Let's go Talk about it. I don't give a fuck. I had my crazy spiel about this nigga. Ain't nobody fucking with this nigga talk about it. Yes sir. Heard nobody fucking with Tyrese bro. It is up. My nigga had a slow game. Real slow, slow game nigga. And at the end he still wanted that motherfucker bro. Yeah, yeah. I'm rocking bro. I Be trying to push it up. He said no nigga swing that right here. You know the Top it.


I still got the thunder winning this shit. Alright. And they was down one bro ain't like it was a tie. Nigga game was down nine to 12 the whole game. I'm gonna get a real analysis 'cause y'all had a good time. But I gotta give Nihar his props shots and a, he Had a big shot. He Had some big shots. Man killed fourth quarter nihar, second half he took over 'cause Cyrus was getting blissed by Lou do. He couldn't do shit. Nihart is a big reason that we won that game. Nah. And I be real the best, best player is AKA No. Yeah not tonight. Yes he was o be topping nigga. Oh we top make some big To no no, no five six or five for eight or six for nine three especially when he started the game he went crazy. My boy had four turnovers. I wanted head, I was, I said get this nigga off discussing O.


Which I now remember that big offensive rebound by AKA. Facts on that missed shot. Nah It was AKA Was big. He made some key plays down the stretch man. Even though he missed them free throws. But you gotta give credit to Tyree Halliburton. Man that's a big shot I think in Every series bro. This might be the greatest run I ever seen of like clutch moments every in one playoff run that I ever seen. Like I've been watching basketball for a long time. I played for a long time. Yeah. I've never seen this like you hit a game winner and game one of all of the major series Being down too. Yeah. Not being up in another team. Catching up not tied. Nah, he's been down. Yeah. And my dog debuted the shooter tonight with a game winner.


Historic. That might be, that's drop it right now Puma. Nah nobody gonna buy them but that might be the most classic. That might be the most my niggas Gonna buy them Jeff. Nah, nobody gonna bow. Nah but listen that might be the greatest debut of a shoe since Mike. Mm In the Fourteenths. Yeah when Mike did it with the 14th nigga Too. Mike. No, no I'm talking about debut. Talk to him Mo. Oh talk to Him Mo. We up here with Mike now. Nigga. Nigga he just dropped his shoe. We went D Mike God damnit talk to him. All I Heard was Mike. I talking about nothing else. What you doing here? The hell No. Y'all last shots Hollywoods. I don't know. That is hard. That's hard. Game one H one drop Last shot Hollywood.


It's crazy. The Hollywood take that Y better send so the Hollywood on game one. That's tough bro. That's tough. That's a nice, that's a nice ring to it. Hey Nah Bro. I mean I don't think nobody gonna buy him but I don't give a fuck Talk to him here. Nobody fucking with this Yellow Nigga bro. Nobody bro. This shit meant to be bro. SG had 40 so what We don't even Lou Dore, who gives a fuck? We don't care Man. Niggas had great games. Four bro. NBA did this big shit tonight. They did 30 turnovers bro. No what? What the Pacers did well down the stretch KC made a mistake by playing small. They should have kept Chip Holger more Isaiah Stein in.


'cause when they got past the defense like yeah they were attacking Tyrese Hallberg once they got in the lane a couple times they was throwing LOBs up there. Yeah and the bigs was finishing it. But now when it was all guards out there they was kicking out to Ka and Wallace and Lou Dot and Jalen Williams. They had to take shots at the end when they got the ball outta Tyree hand. And that's not they moments them ain't they moments? Nah, even in late in the fourth like You know they had bad rotations all game but then they had some of those even they kind of made 'em question it before they got their passes. Okay. He was in great rhythm swing, swing open shot bang. We was doing just fake effort just to make them hesitate a little bit. And that's why they went slow down and stretch. Man they got ugly but Them going all guards that that fucked the game up.


Yeah it definitely did. They couldn't rebound. They messed up because they, that was a bad line though. Shout out to Rick. They advantage it ain't even that they did it. Yeah. And then y'all responded by taking miles out and putting OB in. Yep. Yeah but they advantage is keeping miles in the game. Like if you keep miles in the game, SGA can run pick and roll and he can snake back and get to his midi way better 'cause with what's your boy that hit the three Thomas Bryant when him and on tb, when him and Miles Turner Shot? He He he getting some money. He had a boom before that. Yes, but him and Miles Turner when they in the pick and up with SGA he can get to his shot a lot easier 'cause they don't switch it. Yeah but when it's OB and them they switch it all that stuff.


That nigga Miles hit a bank three came down here to pull up Jumper. I said oh they Turn he got going in the fourth bro Knee Smith hit a big three too. No he had two big threes. I'm gonna keep it real. I ain't know Knee Smith had a pity pat like that, him putting that bitch through the legs eight times. I said oh he trying to get to, he Talking about Nihar. Yeah Nihar. Oh yeah Knee Smith is the other skinned nigga that had 30 Nihart Hit some, he hit G with that shit. That's what I he hit it with two T twins a step back. Hey let's go. I told YI Was Fucking with that. That's that Team Canada shit bro. Yeah they don't, they don't fear SGA like that. I was fucking with that. They don't that pity Petty at the top of the key. I said damn. Yeah that Was, that's all. That was tough. That's our step was nasty.


Splash that hoe. Then he shot another one. I let's go Drew, fuck it. I was asleep on miles three off the bank. I said that's Like thank you God. But that's like the difference between the Pacers team and like any other team like Nihar got the ball down the stretch for a minute, minute 40 going down. Yeah, no other team is doing that. All right. Tyree Hallberg would've had that ball. But like you say, he is an unselfish star. I ain't gonna say he a superstar. He a superstar. This is superstar. This is what superstars do. Jeff. You got when it's time to play, when it's time to win You gotta get superstar moments now bro. You, you, you and Mo. Y'all real basketball heads. Y'all done did this shit since y'all was just, but this shit right here bro.


Solidify him bro. He a superstar. Ain't too much else. Y'all can as from this nigga bro. I'm not gonna say a superstar star. You got a little shot. He's a superstar every round. Jeff, he done did this shit bro. I'm not saying he having a good run. You having a good run. I'm not historic. I'm not hating bro. He's a, he's a, you ain't, He's a star but I'm saying nah. Yeah you ain't calling him sad or nothing but I'm saying bro what he gotta do for you But like a superstar bro is like you gotta be like polarizing like it is like undeniable. Like it shouldn't even be a, when we talk about bro, Brian's a superstar. We don't even like y'all comparing him to LeBron and Steph Curry. I'm not that's easy. We Oh okay. I was saying No but I'm, but he is bro. He A star.


Like is he a bigger star than SGA? No. Yes. No he is not. Yes because he about to put a chip on SGA head. Well he is an MVP. He do about to put a chip. Hey If he do, if he win this championship bro He gonna be a star. He gonna be a legendary. He that's gonna be a superstar. He if You take SGA over him, I'm cool with that. I'm saying he gonna be a, he's a star. Nah, he's solidified all star, all NBA star. But I'm just saying when you say superstar like SGA not even a superstar yet. Like Superstar is like LeBron like you a household like it is no denying you it not next year you not going to go down to a star like you gonna be a superstar next year bro. Either one of these niggas win bro. Superstar Tyrese is already to me, he's already a superstar.


I mean Shay the MVP so Yeah, but when you say superstar like hey man it is yo like we talk about Yoic every single he do but Shay average 30. I'm not saying he not, but it's just like, it's more to being a star like a superstar. You know when we win this year, him and Yoic gonna have the same model of finals MVPs. So he gonna be a superstar. I mean you can because who about to win the finals? I ain't never seen him get the parade going baby. I ain't never seen a superstar but Flight the Indy, I ain't never seen superstar average 18 points. Reggie Miller, He was never a superstar. This nigga ain't had no shoes. Well my nigga got some shoes. His shoes was Fired. Shout to up Tippo. They was fired. The the the, the Ps was fired up.


Tippo was he? I'm just saying bro, the back on Tippo boys remember white and blue. Right. But I see what you saying Jeff. I just want you to like break down. For real. For the real basketball heads bro. What does Tyree need to do bro? For real? Nothing. He don't, he don't need to do nothing. He need to continue to be him. He's a great player. Like that's no shade. He is a great player. He know how to a, he got his team believing in him and he a great player. He know how to win but like he just not like a super just 'cause you're not a superstar don't mean you ain't great. Like it's, it's not too, too many people can be a superstar but he is a star. Like he is a fucking all NBA player. He is amazing. He is a big shot maker. Big shot taker. Like he is that Bro, I didn't hit the game winner in every fucking series and I win a championship in this little ass town.


I'm the main player bro. I don't know what else the fuck you want. Yeah, but I'm saying like even though he making these shots, this is, this is amazing thing. Like we said he was having a shitty game. Right. So that's, there's nothing wrong. Like his teammates help him. Like he's a part of a team. He's the best player on a real team. Like this is not like a one man band. Like he not shooting 28 shots like SGA like he might have shot what, 12, 13 shots tonight. I'm even sure 14 shots SGA shooting 28. This is my shit. I'm shooting 28 shots. We just showed you them hard and them like nigga we all, we won. We a band nigga this ain't the motherfucking in sync. And that's Justin Timberland nigga. This is motherfucking what Earth wind fire nigga.


We all need our roles nigga. I don't know like I get it but bro, that's just how he played bro. I'm not saying saying he could go Out there and tweak out and put the Ball but he, he wouldn't be good. He wouldn't be good that way. He just don't play like that. He wouldn't be good to go out there and shoot 30 shots if Tyrese meant to go shoot 30 shots to Pacers about. That's Not how he play. Yeah, just winning basketball baby. He Just play winning basketball. Just winning. He's a good, That's why I told you I'll take him over all these niggas. Yeah because this is how he play. He wins today. He showed y'all somehow some way. Okay, I'm let, let, let's take, let's take him out a superstar conversation. He's an all star. He's a great player. He's a winner. Cool, cool. We just say he's a winner. He's a I'm rolling. Fucking Winner bro. Yeah he Robert Horry A winner than anything. Nah, nah nigga.


I'm the head of this this Fucking team. He Robert Horry. I'm not Robert Horry. Nah Uhuh I'm we love Alright bye. Bad. We got big bread over here. My, We throwing pool parties with two Oh oh my fault. Two Oh niggas I got He Derek Fisher my up. Hell no I about this B off A Shoe nigga I'm talking shit. I shit We know but I'm saying bro. No but I feel like you for real about that. You don't Think you a superstar that Oh No, no. I don't think he a superstar like he's a superstar bro. No I don't think he's Steph Curry. He not Steph Curry. He not Steph. He's Ty. Hell Burton. Yeah He a superstar bro. Bro that's tough. He about to put a chip in nap.


Nobody has a chip in nap bro. Superstar bro. What? I don't think he's a superstar. Fuck can he do bro? What can no way. He Put a chip in the city that don't have a chip bro. It's Up. Ain't no way bro. Ain't no fucking way. I'm the greatest player in fucking franchise history bro. George been here, The paces been around nigga since the sixties. I don't think he is superstar bro. We had separate waterfalls bro. Niggas ain't got no ships bro. Yeah. Nah, I never thought we had a superstar in Indiana ever. Nah man. Paul George want a superstar. Reggie was, Reggie was an all star like him and Ray Allen was the same. Reggie was one of them in his era. I need to know the qualifications of a superstar Reggie. Whole Way. LeBron. LeBron Just LeBron. LeBron James Kobe Bryant.


I'm the average watching Magic Johnson. Yes. These are superstars Shit for us. Reggie, Reggie was not a superstar like nigga was go to mic Reg niggas would go to Reggie Miller game and wear a Michael Jordan jersey. What we talking about? I mean niggas Doing that. Everybody's game Reg. Reggie, Reggie was bigger than life here. Y'all nigga Morgan Square Arena was nigga Like I just told you. Roy Hebert was bigger than life here. Niggas was wearing 50. I'm not, I'm not Roy Hebert Niggas ain't never said I need a 55 jersey. Don't sell them. Alright. Bet Stevenson is is a, Lance Stevenson is a legend here Reggie.


He damn Near the, he get damn near the same chairs that Reggie Miller get because they, he don't. No he do but they jerma. He does not. He do a liar Not gonna compare Steven the fucking Talk to him. Fuck you. You be making the fans do that. I'm talking about the reaction. I'm talking about the reaction he get in the arena. They does. So what, talking about I there first game back bro and I was on the team when he came back and that nigga said I'm back like Michael Jordan, these motherfucker At the game. And they went crazy in that bitch. Yes. Jermaine O'Neill set time Allstar Reg said When Reggie Mill was playing in this motherfucker nigga it was boom baby in this bitch And that shit was weak.


Nah bro you didn't even like Basketball then bro. As soon as George got the final I went to love basketball. I was four nigga talking About, talking about you didn't, you said you didn't even watch the NBA. It wasn't no nigga nobody wanted to play like Reggie Miller. Nobody said they wanted to play like him. I'm saying like he was bigger than life bro. Here. No he wasn't was super fuck on you thinking about yourself. I'm thinking Swear They still show That nigga score all the points with the Knicks bro. The Niggas fucked with Reggie. Yes. Not historic. No not niggas. Niggas didn't fuck with Reggie White. Okay there you go. It still count. It's more than you it's it's more than me.


I'm just saying we nobody was really, we never thought Reggie was gonna mean you Just saying Lance Stevenson get just as much love as Reggie Miller. He do. Lance get a lot of love bro. He bro not like Reggie Miller bro. He do. He get a lot of love. He gonna get that crowd on when we ing but not like re back out. Right Reggie nigga Reggie Miller, it'd be the same bro. Y'all seen it. Lance go, they go crazy for Lance but Reggie Miller bro. No bro. But back to the topic. Shout to the pacers of getting the dub. I'm saying you don't think D don't get the same reaction Nigga. Reggie Miller was here for 20 years Jeff. Yeah 20 fucking years bro. It's no way in. Fuck you gonna tell me. Lance Stevenson is just as famous in Indiana is fucking Reggie Miller bro.


Bro he damn near is bro. Bro that's the craziest and Bro rub. That's it bro. Bro This nigga was here for 20 years bro. I'm not saying it fuck with Lance. No. Lance got love to see. That's a fact bro. They true it. It is crazy. I'm still amazed that he get that much. The nigga lives here nigga. That's how much love he get. Reggie Miller don't live in this motherfucker. What the fuck? I don't have to. I play 20 years in. That's My whole point. I live In Germany nigga. I lance cadaver nigga. What do you mean? Lance never had no battle with Michael Jordan. Crazy nigga, nigga to him. He talking about basketball, what he did on the court. I'm talking about a nigga. No nigga his Fame bro in this city bro. No bro.


Nigga Was a superstar here nigga in Indianapolis Bro. Nigga listen, A nigga from New York lives in fucking Indiana bro. I mean that's, that's That's his life tour. That's that's that's some other shit. No bro because he gets so much. He could live anywhere. He can live in Atlanta. He could live bro wherever he wanna live. He played in Charlotte. He played a lot of different teams. He ain't there ain't that nigga is in Indiana. Why that nigga gets that love bro. He do get love but they Do love him here bro. But I'm saying you compare him to the greatest motherfucker to ever lace up in a past uniform. Yeah, I'm just saying he get the same love That played here for 20 Talk to a, I'm just saying has that Jerma Jermaine O'Neill was second. We would say Jermaine O'Neill was the second greatest Pacer Third.


Okay now now he to a movie now he the third but we used to say he was the second. Right. Yeah. And we seen them same ovations. They both, they they Ain't fuck with J like me. Come on bro. It was because of punch up bro. They put lot money. What nigga we not talking about JO damn talking About Reggie bro. I'm just telling you bro. IJO deserve way more respect. He needs to be in, in the pace of rappers. Them niggas got hype. Hype When Lance popped up the, I swear to God thought it was gonna be Reggie Miller. Yeah. I said damn No they fuck with Lance. Yeah Yo. Fuck but we not hearing midnight talking about Lance. Oh we talking about the Pacers getting this dub OKC ch kc. I like the tag for sure. That's Lord. Yeah I mean how we feeling Mo Pacers in five or six. We got relaxed though. So we like four.


Ooh we we got relaxed though. We gonna keep it real. Basketball real. We we give 'em a five. We keep a real real basketball keep it real. Basketball give five the Pacers dude. They supposed to do. Yeah they got, they gotta win. That's what you gotta do. You gotta go get a win. But I think OKC lost this game. I don't think the Pacer won the game. They did actually. I, I mean they stole the game but I know OKC probably like they did some stupid shit. They did some dumb shit. Oh we definitely stole the shit. They, they definitely gave us the opportunity to take this game. Yeah they smoked. They were a 15. They should have put the game away. They did the stupid shit. Yeah but that, I mean all you gotta do is get one on the road. We know how the Pacers play here back home so. Okay. See they got a tough hill to climb now. Game two gonna be real spooky. Boy. I fucked with it bro.


They ain't give up. Pacers Is a real 48 minute team. We are the definition of a 48 minute team. Y'all really like Pascal ci aka man, he too, they can't go small against him. He too, he's too big like Paul, like he, he is. Oh yeah, he he's not, he's a power for it. For real. Yeah. Compared to when they go small ball and J Dub They trying to take Tyrese, Halliburton out the game. He is not a eight ae bro. He does not play like that. He don't, you cannot just take him out the game. He cool, cool coming off ball. He's not about to get 40 Anyway. That's what I'm saying. That's why I'm like you don't, you don't have to guard him like a superstar. You can guard him like a normal player. You can because he going, he actually can, he not going do superstar shit.


He gonna play normal. He gonna give him some open shot like you, that Nigga look like Kobe in the fourth with under a minute when It's time to win put I'm not, I'm not saying he make big shots but I'm saying like being real technical basketball like you don't have to put Lou dot on him. Yeah they was guard him like Ae bro. Like that's where they fucked up the guy you gotta really stop at aka. Yeah like if you let aka have big moments and big games and do some shit like all that shit that he was doing getting offensive rebounds and that. Yeah that's the dude that kill you and then everybody else chime in and then like you said Theresa took you home. Yeah but you don't gotta have niggas chasing Tyrese all around and doing all that shit. He not. I see what you're saying. Yeah. And that's why I wasn't even mad at him in second half when Lou Dot was face guarding.


He just went away. I ain't mad at you bro. That's too four on four 'cause he, we couldn't do nothing with him. Lou Dork was going crazy bro. Yeah bitch you take him out the game then Cool. I'll take it. Yeah you want Lou dot on a nigga thats I thought gonna Guard to Pascal. That's who he gotta be on bro. 'cause he Pascal was like the engine really like Tyrese. The team is built around Tyree and if Tyrese having a big game, he need other players to be like going too though because his game is off of facilitating like he can get 30, like if he get 30 but he only got four assists, you probably gonna win the game. Yeah. Usually when Tyree got 30 he got 30 and 15 damn near eight rebound. He never got a triple double kind of game. So you never had one tonight. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? When he got a, when he got something going, he got a lot of assists with his game too.


So you, you don't gotta guard him like that. Yeah, game too be very interesting 'cause we didn't play that well. I mean we had a good fourth quarter for sure but we did not play well. So if we gonna go have one of them games we might be coming back to the crib of two. Quad is kept though. OKC didn't play well either though. They created a lot of turnovers but they missed a lot of shots. They wasn't shooting high bro. We had, We had 20 turnovers in the first half. We should down 30 though to God. We down 12. I said a Oh that's guy bro. For real. And Pascal didn't have a good first half neither to Tyres. They went a, I think that was a close game. Six And eight Kicked bro. 20 Turner was in the first half. He supposed to be down. You supposed to be getting murdered. But it's something about this pacer team man like told you when people sub being Tyrese Thomas Bryan sub and he hitting corner three.


I'm just laughing. I'm like these niggas about to win the game. Yes Sirs coming back. I said When they was down seven and then Pascal went to that free throw line and Chuck both of them and then they ran in and got the over the back I mean violation. I said Pace gonna win. I seen six. I said I swear to God They gonna win. I knew they was gonna win too. See I, this is what they do. I thought we had a nice little run that SJ hit that three to the third. I said damn that hurts. That was a, that was a smack in the face. But they Did hurt but them niggas didn't give up bro. They got, they that's one fighting team boy. They mirrored, they mirrored the city. I ain't gonna lie. Keep fighting motherfuckers out here boy. Theyll grind forever. Crash motherfuckers been selling dime bags for 34 years Out here.


I got a cousin, nigga that works 16 hours a day. Said you don't even got no bitch, you don't got no Just he just work, sleep stay locked in. My nigga fuck Nine shit hitting the hammer. I Know a nigga been selling die bag on 40th street for 30 years. Hey no disrespect my nigga. Eth Boo is Free game. That nigga still try get the 50.


That nigga free, free spread nigga. That nigga still. Oh no, he talking. Oh my God was joking man I ain't joking nigga. Nigga still moving me free tweeting bro. Free my niggas man. Hey man, we appreciate y'all man. Shout out to the patrons. Holding it down man. Should be a good finals. Everybody's talking about it was gonna be boring. Small market teams. This was a hell of a game man. Nah, this saved. This saved they finals though. Yeah if this was a blowout But on shit. Y'all said that had a game had to be played like this. Had to be bro did. If it was a belt to ass either way bro, they would that beat but would've been on standby. Yeah, it was a blowout. Nobody, nobody would've watched no more. But now that we got like the dramatics, the game winners game be lit. Shout To everybody that was in the chat too, waiting on Us.


This might be the most, this might be one of the most exciting finals we had in a couple years though, to be honest. After this, the way it just started, shit, it's better than last year. Tell you that last year, Game three here going be lit. I can't wait for the watch party on Sunday. Kj, we tapped in. Let me know what time I need to pull up my boy. We in there game three for showing the bridge you going with. Yeah. You know what I'm saying, we locked in. You know what I'm saying? We, we gotta make sure we get our team to victory. You know what I'm saying? Alright, you going? Just you. I'll make a call for you. Alright, well fuck, fuck them niggas then. That's why I can't make up. Yeah, everybody DJ always got the plug. Y'all fuck nobody else. Fuck them.


Picture saying got 10 for you. Oh that's crazy man. Shout to Boost Mobile. Everybody caught on my TracFone tonight after the win. 'cause You know the fucking vibes, man. $25 unlimited text data. You know the vibes. We'll see y'all next time. Five 20 at night. The volume.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Here's why April chose to vaccinate her child. I think actually meeting someone who was not vaccinated and now has a lifelong struggle with a childhood disease really cemented for me that it's super important that we as parents continue to vaccinate our children. Talk to your pediatrician or visit y vaccines.com. Brought to you by Merck.


Some stands for, so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is an iHeart podcast.