
The Volume. Good morning man. Happy Monday. It's been a hell of a weekend in the sports world. We're here to keep you up to date. Everything. Five 20 In The Morning. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells Jordan. This morning, Cole morning of my brothers to my left bishop. He to my right, my brother t fellas. How y'all doing this morning? Seven, bro. Yeah. Rose, this is bad cold snow. Hey, we here. Yeah, you city workers is out of fucking pocket. Yeah man, we, we gotta, you know what I'm saying? Appreciate y'all, the essential workers. We had to go out in these elements and make sure everything was safe. Man. Midwest Times is real spooky, especially in nap. Cold as hell. But listen, we still gonna get to work for y'all, man. We gotta wrap up everything that's happened in this sports world. A lot of crazy stuff going on.


But let's get to some great games from yesterday. Man. The Thunder took care of the Celtics yesterday. Dominated them in the second half with a 1 0 5 9 2 victory franchise record. 15 straight wins. SGA went crazy yesterday. 33 11 to six NVP. Talk about it. A NVP talk a fucking about it. A VP JT had 26 and 10 and JB had 21 even though he went scoreless in the second half. Listen, as much as we normally talking about the Celtic, you know how they can lack off some games because they're defender champs. We gotta show love to Thunder Man. They really did some championship shit yesterday. Nah man, that's a, it's a hell of a team bro. They still figuring it out too. So that's a security team. It's a security matchup for the Celtics I think. I still think the Celtics would dominate 'em in the series if it came down to it.


Most definitely. But listen man, what we seen from yesterday's game, man, the Celtics go into the second half with basically a double digit lead and they got held to 27 points. You know what I'm saying? In the second half, like 20% shooting Thunder Defense really went crazy yesterday man. And we gotta show some respect to that man. They're looking like a championship contender for sure. I know we said that they're young and experienced but they ain't playing like it. Especially the way they play yesterday. My boys man, They got enough athletes to compete with, you know, Boston. They got enough wings and enough athletes with getting Caruso and those guys that's also helping build that defensive chemistry. When Shaq get back, they got enough pieces to compete with the Celtics on a day, like on a night to night basis.


I still think the Celtics are the better team obviously. Obviously they got the championship pedigree, but the Thunder man, it's a fun team to watch and SGA is arguably playing the best basketball of anybody in the NBA besides Jokic. They're going back and forth for MVP right now. But SGA he different, Like you said, man killing right now. Best record in the NBA. Listen, they're still missing Chad obviously, but with him, do y'all feel like they're the most complete team in the NBA Celtics? Celtics are still, Yeah, I mean Drew is better than everybody, bro. Hmm. Drew is better than everybody on the thunder. I don't, I don't really trust they bench the thunder, you know what I mean? I mean, like I said, they got carus so obviously he out but that's really only person you know like Cason Wallace comes off the bench sometimes they start different Isaiah Joe all got capable.


Capable Wiggins moments. Wiggins. Yeah Wiggins comes in and play well. They all got moments where they could be great. We just haven't seen it in the playoffs yet. Right. These dudes are playoff tested and had real big moments in the playoffs. So that's the only thing that I'm scared about. We know what the Celtics can do. All these guys been through it so maybe they just waiting to get to the, you know, the championship round to really pick it it up. Yeah, yeah for sure. I don't Know, them not scoring like that in the second half is out of pocket Though. Yeah, I was gonna say Gibs, I mean they definitely didn't play their best. Obviously we've seen Boston play very, very well. But also Gibson Craighead Thunder defense man. Like you said, they was really getting to it yesterday. It was bothering them for sure. I know they normally miss they, you know what I'm saying, miss shots they normally hit but yeah, they, the Thunder was doing what they was supposed to do man, My guy, it just, this just crazy for them not to score like that in the second half and still only lose by seven.


It's more surprising Jalen Brown like him not Scoring in the first half. Yeah. Oh No, they lost no more than That. Yeah, I was gonna say yeah. Oh damn. I looked at the score. He got Wicked. Oh he got wicked. Yeah, But like you said, the Rick wicked part about it is it was a close game but then you know, overcoming the double digit halftime lead and dominating him like that. That's crazy. Shout Out to my sleeper. Yeah, your sleeper, you, you know what I'm saying? You've been on the bandwagon man, Boys man I fuck with that though. That's good. You gotta give it to him off the strength Man. Yeah. He has to get you PI don't, yeah. Yeah, he's playing has to. I don't think the, so I don't think Drew Hell Holiday will play that bad. Yeah. Young man. Peyton pri not gonna both play that bad in Yeah. You know what I mean? That's one of those games where you like shit Not human.


Yeah, throw it away. But No, I wanna say this too, your point about it, like the role players that they have on their team, they're gonna be relying upon, the best thing about them is they probably gonna have home court advantage. Yeah. So in that situation, you know on the road it get iffy but at least if your young players can play good at home on in the playoffs, you may not have to make the moves. But Cam Johnson, you know they, they are high in talks to trying to acquire him. Yeah. They get my dog because they know I'm the number one pick for Cam Johnson. I, I give, they got so many picks that they can give away other, you know, defensive presence on the Wing and a guy who's capable of scoring big, having big Knights. If you put him on our team, I definitely feel like you gotta give him a knock to the finals For sure.


And a lot of people are kind of feeling out. I'm not saying they gonna win but you get Cam Johnson bro, they're going to the finals Bro. Yeah they get Cam Johnson, you got Lou do Cam Johnson on as your wing defenders And you got Jaylen Williams. You know how I feel about Jalen Williams All Star, Jalen Williams. So yeah, I'm starting to be like be him. They get him, I'm an ultimate fan but until they get Cam Johnson I'm still riding with the Celtics for the championships For sure. Are they the best team in NBA The Celtics? Yes. Okay. I'm I'm gonna quit disrespecting the Cavs. The calves are playing really good basketball and I think they're having a hawks moment, you know what I mean? You obviously we had a good run. We were balling, we were doing all that and we were getting overlooked a little bit.


Everybody felt like ah they having a good year. Little shocking. I think they're getting that kind of treatment but they got some capable players over there. I could see them going to the Eastern Conference finals. Mm, For Sure. And making it tough on Boston. I don't think they can beat 'em but I think they can make it tough. For sure. We'll talk about the Cavaliers a little bit later in the show here. Rockets hang on late take care of Lakers. One 19 to one 15. Really, really good game yesterday, especially that fourth quarter, Lakers tried to, you know what I'm saying, get back into the game but it just got iffy man. The Rockets young team got some really good close on that roster. Jalen Green went crazy yesterday. 33, 6 and four. Amen. Thompson 23 and 16 AD was doing what he does best. 30 and 13. LeBron had 2113 to nine and AR had 21 and 10 Ar really been playing well that point man He's been going crazy.


Yeah the last couple of weeks like he's been going crazy Point Yeah They were very confident with moving dlo if that like if that's was gonna happen, that shit did this earlier. He's been close to a double, double damn near every game since then. So hey Tweaking that roster. Hey if it worked, don't you know what I mean? Don't break it, fuck It facts, keep it going And yeah and listen, they been on our, they been on our heels in the comments. They be like, y'all be talking about the Lakers being bad, they would just top four in the west this weekend Respect and then y'all just turn around and lose Rock. I don't give a damn. I still say that I, I ain't saying it was bad. I just, I Did you know Laker friends won't they They Glory. Yeah I mean where they at in the, where they at in the west right now? I think they dropped a fifth after they loss maybe or they still four. Let's see they five after last night's loss.


Okay. I mean they 2015 they not playing Bad, bad basketball. I'm not saying anything bad about the Lakers. I think they starting to figure it out with ar at the point guard position. Anthony Davis obviously he's been balling. LeBron's playing at a high level too. They got a team full of stars that could make a run. I mean yeah they can as a star now. Oh when you call him a star? Mm He's basically a Star Upper echelon. I ain't gonna say a star. He's up. So they got three stars, three capable players. They get one more person on that team. Damn. Y'all saying he a star? Nah I'm not. I saying He's above average averaging damn near. He damn near 18 to 10 a game right now. He playing at a star level.


Shit if you go out on the street they gonna be like Austin Ree see damn near a star. Hey He gotta a shoot too, which is crazy. You Start for the Lakers at point Guard they trade DeAngelo Russell who made a Allstar team for you? Yeah, you Damn near a star. That just took me back. But I respect it damn near. I ain't mad at you for that bro. I ain't say a superstar number. He damn near a star. All Right I'm I'm gonna say a bill rapper show. I ain say all Star. I'm gonna show Respect. There's So many tears of Is a star. This A star. He's not a superstar. He's not An Allstar Star. Star. Yeah. So he's basically what a C plus is what we're saying? Nah B he'll BBB I'm gonna give BM 2K. He probably B minus grade. He'll be, he'll Be real respect. You would damn near a star if you like a 85 on 2K.


Yeah And then all Star 90 up and then superstar nine, five. Okay if who go by those rankings of respect. Yeah You I tap Like you an 80 and below nigga you not a star. You like good player. You solid now when you get to them 69 Are you boo boo? Yeah you ended the bench but it's crazy 'cause at one point 81 if it was 81 0 2 K you was D Mako the offense. So you had something like Special. Yeah that's what saying you 80. So is Derrick White a star? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah he a star. He ain't an Allstar. He can be but he a star for sure. If we go by those measurements, I'm rolling there. If, if you could say that for ar you could say it for Derrick White like When he, when he walk on the street, niggas know Derrick White. So who? Who y'all taking Derrick White or ar? Oh Derrick White.


Ooh I'm taking Derrick White 'cause Derrick White can gimme the same offensive production and he's gonna play way better Defense. Yeah I'll take Derrick White Too. Yeah, yeah I can get 20 from Derrick White. He gonna get a quiet 19 and strap it up ar we, we say we geeking over him getting 21 and 10 but it You are for the Lakers though. 21 and 10 play with LeBron. I ain't Bad at no I'm not slighting It. I ain't bad at, I Ain't fighting by no means But the star ar I ain't badass But if the Lakers could make that trade I'm sure they probably would fuck with Derrick White in Rrb. They would. Yeah they upgrade That because he damned near an Allstar though. Derrick White. Yeah he just on the loaded team. Yeah. Yeah he damn near Allstar. Woo. For sure. I wouldn't be surprised if he made the Allstar team this year to be Honest. I swear. Listen they better not do that shit and the hot we talk about them hot seas getting random people in there.


It's a lot of people in that scene who get Allstar. 18 four. Who's that A six or eight? That's six. That's a star. That's a Star. Y'all. They ain't a star. I ain't say an All star. I said a star. Okay, we'll we we'll we'll let y'all talk about that in the comments. I wanna show some us to the Rockets man they have become a really, really solid team this year and they got really good closes on this team as well. Man I looked at a stat between their three stars and that team they probably miss like two free throws in the clutch. This like see they're going crazy bro. Who Won in the series? The Rockets and Lakers? Yeah. Oh that's tough. I would go with the Lakers just because experience Beating LeBron four times.


I think that it'd be tough for them to guard Anthony Davis obviously Brian is who Brian is but Anthony Davis is that, I don't think Shan could guard him at all. You don't think even with like Steven had shot one they couldn't make a game play. You don't think inmate could make a game plan For them? No. Anthony Davis is way just too good for them. Like I like I love the Rockets, I love how he made coaches. I love they young guys how well they play. But if Jabari Smith and how you say his name gon whatever his name Sha Shaun whatever, they gotta try to stop anything. David's gonna be a long night. I agree too. And that's one thing I think about the rockers while they're very in team who in the playoffs you feel like can go just win a game And I don't look at anybody at Roster and Dolo feel like they can just get to the promised land alone. I know Fred Van Fleet can get me buckets.


I know he is going to be solid and you know win the game. Jalen Green, we gotta see that first. So this will be his coming out party in that situation. I think they're just too young to beat them right now. But I still think the Rockets is cold. Like I think I like the way they play. I think the Rockets are on the same thing that Boston Celtics were. I mean I think Boston had a headstart with Brad Stevens Stevenson What? What's his name? Brad Steven, Brad Stevens. Man Man I forgot my nigga name. Brad Steven, I played for him. Brad Stevenson, Stevenson Bra Stevens gave 'em a head start you know with the teams they had with it and all them dudes and then Gordon Hayward and Kyrie and them they had kind of a head start with their group. But I see 'em doing the same thing Boston doing getting all these talented wings step By Step. Yeah some veteran point guards and then handing it over to all these talented wings to take 'em to the promised land.


It's kind of the same recipe that the Houston rockets are using right now. Like you Said man man Thompson's coming into his own 23 or 16 this nuts. It's also Cam Whitmore getting in too. Finally. Yeah man God Lee hey finally let my man play Rock's. Got a young talented team. I think they're the one of the people that's a player away from really being like a real contender in the west. For sure. Man I hate when people say that though. Like they one player away. 'cause that's what we thought with Pacers right? Y'all had that good team. We like we get. I ain't even trying to hate but y'all get Pascal, y'all get these guys. I think y'all was a better team when y'all had Bruce Brown and y'all had Buddy Hill and y'all was, I was in a good mood this morning but we got pa out to Yaka and went to the Easter carpet finals. We working once to Easter. But Y'all fucking Bruce Brown. No y'all, y'all was already gassed.


Bruce Brown bought the gas bro. Bruce Brown, he gave y'all the confidence. This is too shitty. He had Tyrese Halliburton playing out his body pulls like he gas y Buddy Hill Gas y. Yeah they gave y'all fun Browner basketball they played will say he became a trade value. You know what I mean? Hey we this and Bruce Brown wasn't hooping if Bruce Brown knew wasn't hooping nobody with a trade for Bruce Brown giving up Pascal for Bruce Brown and them. Good take to eat. No it's not. It's a Horrible take. How is that a horrible take? We didn't Need him. That's why we traded him. Yeah we were better when we Traded him. We went to the Eastern conference Finals with Pascal. He was murdered. I know but y'all team was already gassed up like Tyrese. Halliburton was already gassed.


He was playing at a high level. The young pass high. Yeah Passal came and joined the team and it was a good high but Tyree was already out his body 'cause y'all played so fast. Everything was ran around him. He got the run around, shoot passed to them. Bruce Brown guarded, everybody hyped, everybody up. Bruce Brown was playing outta control before he got Tre. He was hooping. That was like damn Bruce Brown might really be nice. Yeah and I thought he was nice enough to get out town and that's exactly what happened. He Always do that because when Bruce Brown was here he was like yeah we can get Bruce on the show this now he outta town Bruce Brown. He ain't doing shit. No. What kid Brown whopping seven 40 talking About? Nah he was, I don't care.


He did a lot. He did a lot for y'all man. Then y'all got Pascal and the the momentum was already there. Yeah like everybody's playing out their bike. TJ McConnell was playing. We an all star For a person that wasn't and our city got better And now look Atall now


Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're all still a drafting sports book and official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect The number one place to bet touchdowns, grab some tds with DraftKings sports book through on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking Sports Book app and use code club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Hey listen now let talk about it. If You wanted to change your season, come play the paces. What happened? We beat the kings. They fired Mike Brown. We beat the sons. They start benching people. Who else we got rid Of about the Paint? Now look at it. Oh the heat after we Beat the heat. Jimmy win the press conferences. I don't like Miami no more. That's why we out here season. We losing to these niggas man. Yeah we back up Six of the last eight. Don't worry about it. We good Tyrese Respect. But I'm just saying Bruce Brown popped it off of y'all. No I'm not giving Bruce Brown no credit Anything. Got the Patience Was there for four months. He didn't do shit y'all play with and don't like Bruce so I don't like to be in this position. Yeah, y'all played with Confidence bro. Then y'all brought JJ in 'cause y'all was getting punked. It was just like No we definitely needed jj.


He was. Yeah that's I back just saying bro, the game ball Situation y y'all going bro. He was hooping at that time bro. What he was averaging at that time? Bruce Brown season and the first, well He was averaging right there. Yeah come on bro. He was go, he was hooping. I hate what niggas can we go to His best year in NB. I hate what niggas did that niggas bro. He was hooping. That's his best year in the NBA. And how many games he play in the team? 33. Yeah but he Nah respect. We go to Pascal see co please and see what he did as a pacer. I'm not saying he was playing better in Pascal. I'm saying no I feel you. You brought the juice. See numbers next to each other. Obviously Pascal's a better player. That's why you on a max deal. But I'm saying Bruce Brown cracked it off. You said I like to see numbers next to each other.


Can We go to Pascal's Averages as a pacer? 19? No, no last year please. When he came to the team Because he after Slow start this year since I just, this is timeframes, you know since this was last season. I'm Just saying he cracked it off. Y'all Pacers was hooping before y'all got Bru Pascal. Y'all was playing good. It ain't all about the numbers sometimes. I know it ain't. It is not. Oh it Is When he getting 21 God damnit. It is about the numbers. I mean when you get the ball of course you gonna, we Gave Bruce the ball, he would shoot whatever the hell he Wanted to. Jeff is saying he maximized his role for y'all Most and had him playing at a high level before he Not comparing him to pass He was able would be a trade target. Like I, we could trade, we could put Bruce Brown to trade because he was playing well. Like if he wasn't hooping, If he was averaging what he averaging this year, it wouldn't been, I would not give what he did for that Nugget run.


For real, for real. Who win the championship? He definitely contributed for that team for sure. That's why he got paid that money for sure. It Is how rolled over to the Patients. Yeah and rolled right onto Toronto and we got Paki in this up. See that's why I I, I played For the Pacers. I like the Pacers But at this point you, you, Every time I try to men a relationship you Do. Let's fuck him. Let's talk about this point. No because because he be doing that bro. Yeah like it's cool with being a Paceon fan. He does. I told Where the Hawks at? This shit I told Thes at So we get back we seven. Oh we I make a run. You know we Hey a hundred bet Who has a better record in the season? The Hawks the fuck outta here.


Who has the better players? Hawks Pacers ain't got no killers like that. Damn. The Haws got better players. Nah actually than the Pacers. I actually like the pictures but he just love him so much. You make me hate 'em. Yeah, He he, he does love. That's the But we do got better Players. Jalen Johnson's better than Pa. Jalen Johnson's nice. He better than Pascal. No he is not. He will be but not, not yet. He's better in Pascal right now. Nah, go to The stats. Go to the stats. I like numbers next to each other. I like numbers next to each other. I low Key. I like numbers next To Each other. Low, low key. Jalen Johnson. Damn Jaylen Johnson Cole. His numbers this year I think definitely are better. I like numbers next to each other Because He's playing with another 30 point a night nigga.


I like numbers next to each other. What fuck we talking about man? But 19 and 10 and five. Yeah, 1910 and five. Yeah that's respect. All right go to Pascals. 19. I'm gonna say 20 'cause it's probably 20 19 7 and three. Okay, respect. Who number better This year? Jaylen Johnson. Yeah, let's Go to the, let's go to the point guards. Go to the Point guard. There's three niggas Go to the point Guards averaging damn near 20 on that hog. Yeah, let's go to the point guards. That's tough. Tyree Hallberg, what are you Averaging? Oh we can go, we can to the numbers. Trey had better numbers this year for Oh okay. No I ain't Going. Okay. What is they Who? Treys 2212. Oh Yeah it's quiet.


Tyrese. Tyrese might be 18. Ah let's not talk about it Might be 18. And who they third option? He he didn't fucking score Mike Like is gonna be typing boy. Yeah It is Quiet. Yeah. Charlie's having a better year to shift. Oh for sure. Who Y'all third star? Our bench. We don't have a third Go to TJ Picon Go to dj. Our bench Is Deandre hoo or Hunter 2020 piece. We have to compare him with like miles, numbers or something. Why are we pull up Teacher N number? Hey y'all my Come on man. Yeah that's Keep the twining in this bitch. W So now damn the Hawks have a better roster than we Got a better victory.


Y'all better pray. Y'all see us in the playoffs and then we gonna move on. Y'all better Y'all don't see a playoffs. Y'all have a Yeah. Hey listen, we're right next to Each other this days we ain't got too much room to talk. Oh The Rockets. Oh yeah. Yeah we play the rockets at home. Oh yeah. Take that out. Lit. About to go beat Them Anyway. Let's keep that was what man Cav is in that win streak to 10 games over the Hornet session today. One 15 to 1 0 5. Jello had 24 and four B Miller had 24. Darius Garland 25. They doing that Allstar campaign. They said I got my man's messed up. Make sure he get it. He said Jello. Nah that nigga Said Jello, I Fucked. He Garland my fault Game D Garland. He got you Jello Right?


You're from Gary. Jello got the streets. I'm about to bring my four x jersey back. That's crazy. Oh Ella had 1911. Nah, Mitchell had 19. Oh. Talking about how they had the mat and go mat in 2001 with the jello. You see when they had it with the wire? Yeah bro, bro Hey if the horns don't play that Ah sounds to them dog. That was hilarious man. Yeah the Cavs fine. Y'all think that's a possibility? Who? Calves and thunder. Nah, I ain't gonna disrespect the bean like that. He said Who? 31 Fo. I ain't gonna like the bean Like that.


Mm You don't think they can get out there? I mean listen man I Swear to God if the Cavs play the thunder in the, in the NBA championship bro we are sweeping them niggas bro. Oh you feel like It that like I that's gonna be the least watched NBA finals ever time C versus Thunder time boy going to Bed. Now we talk about the whole viewership situation. Y'all don't think two young small market teams quote unquote could help With that sleep. I love the Cav bro. I love Though as a basketball head we, I love to see them two in the finals, two Young Bulls. Donvan Mitchell going At it. We boss too big for the Cavs. Nah Jerry, Jerry Allen and Evan Mobley Bro. Quiet Bro.


Yeah they could do Che Chegg get back bro. Come on man. Nah Evan Mobley can't guard Chet. Yeah, no definitely. Damn nothing. That's what he do well is play defense Sham guy bro. Nah, He crazy too. Well he do well is play defense. He does that mean he can. He definitely just as I love Mobley, he really just as good as him. It just don't look the same. You nothing be him Che play. He kind of got handles and shit but like That's crazy How effect the effectiveness they had on The game. I love Evan Mobley game Bro. They is like the same. Go look at Che numbers and go look at Evan Mobley number. Even though Che Hurt, every mob got a gray motor Guard Black Shots. Second jump is Elite 16 nine.


What Evan Mobley was doing? I like numbers next to each other. Oh bro. 18 eight. Everybody on my team can get a dub bro. Shit I play with Donovan Mitchell get a dub. I'm sorry I ain't what's your fault Darius Garland get a Dub. It's spooky. After that everybody else is fit. Bur can get a dub off The bench for sure. Okay So you obviously who getting the dub? Who getting the dubs on there? Jay Let them play Run. Run the six and you know I don't have to say no names. Huh? Jay and Shay, everybody Can get 20 on the every, their first seven players can get 20 on the Thunder. Mm That's ka. Okay who else can get 20? Who Got dudes look at the roster and see who that 20 points this year bro.


I mean that's 18. What Gorgie plays valuable minutes. Gorgie, we don't, if Gorgie hit a dub you could put $1 on DraftKings and you gonna win a million dollars. What's My, what's my white boy off the bench with a gun Cash and GoGy hits. Max Strauss has $20 Max Stru swearing. He didn't, he can get 20. Alright bro. I well when they play Georgia Done had 20 point games When they play shout out to Minivan when they play. Let's just bet bro. Alright Bet now. Now I'm a cash fan again. Run up cash. The jerseys are growing. Yeah. Kenny shout to you. Game Season. I told you I talked to Jordan. I'm Yeah I'm pulling up when y'all come here I'm gonna come to the, you know. Yeah shoot around.


Alright, So y'all obviously feel obviously size opponent that final as well. How many all stars y'all think the Cavs gonna get this year? Just one. Just one. Donvan Mitchell. I think if they get to, I think the second one might be Jared Allen. I don't think Derrick's going gonna be able to 'cause the guards in the east is so crazy. I hate that 'cause I love DJ And he's having an Allstar year. Yeah That's kind of fucked up. He back into his bad And I mean Jerry Allen could make it into fors. I wouldn't matter if Mobley made it easy. I mean he had a hell of year too. Damn. Man that's a crazy Allstar. I think Evan Mobley will make it though. 13 and 10. Evan Mobley at 19 eight. Yeah I was gonna say Give to you wanna top the, You know bigs that pass. If you asking a double double on a good team, they don't be giving a fuck if you scoring 29. I think Evan Mobley mo, I would take Mobley over too.


I think Gerald Allen having a great year too but, and I see what he I I, I know what he does for that team but Yeah I'm rolling for sure. Listen this weekend it was a crazy back toback dispersed in the Nuggets man Joker went crazy averaging 43, 13 and nine in that series Win was going crazy. 2 27 and 20 rebounds and wouldn't be first hundred games. Man he has more points than bro. More threes and Steph more blocks and Hakeem and more rebounds than Barkley. Does he have a chance to have like the greatest stat line in the NBA history? No. You don't think so? No. LeBron gonna always have the greatest stat line. Yeah he Gotta stay healthy. I don't think nobody ever gonna play long as LeBron did at that high of a level.


Yeah like that's Weby is cold and I think he gonna have like 13, 14 crazy years. But he too tall bro. Like at some point it's like yeah I mean something going to give, I don't wish that on nobody but you know what I mean far. Yeah the nature of it. Yeah. Every gray athlete goes down with an injury at some point. LeBron ain't too Seven. The footers that played 20 years LeBron. Yeah only LeBron though. Kevin Willis And and his arms was six eight. Yeah. So that nigga just hit a growth spurt or none. Those after that nigga legs grew, everything else stayed. That nigga tall, he was a tall midget there Go that's crazy. We got a bad batch.


That nigga Arnold Little say Kevin will got the 50 is crazy, Got A bad breed Now we shout to Kevin Will Hawks legend bro. Not to Kevin Willis but you just think about all the stars like you can go through Right bro. Before broke his foot. Yeah. You know what I mean? Everybody had these only LeBron the only one never really missed significant time with a injury. Yeah. And that's why he was able to do all the things he was able to do for sure. Every great player that goes through something. I Was gonna ask that He wouldn't be better than Kevin Durant. And what, Just talking about like his, you know his first couple years, like His first year was better than kds. KD had a rough rookie year. But do I see that Potentially Being better?


I'm not talking about right now, I'm just talking about is he on pace to be better than Kevin? I mean The defensively. Defensively yes he's, he's on pace to being one of the greatest shot blockers ever. Yeah. Probably the greatest shot blocker ever. If he average 20, which he's very capable of doing and dominates like defensively like that bro. I think it's a different type of kill but yeah it is gonna be some Yeah but kd, he won't have KD score numbers by no means but he'll impact the game. Crazy. That's a question that I had. Yeah, that's a Good question. KD I I don't, that's Just a tough person to put it next extra pause 'cause that's We Highlight. I'm just talking About with the hype it's No smart on KD with The, with the hype though.


I feel like they had the same type Of you can some people on here you can never talk three Russell four D Rose, Russell Westbrook, KD and James Hart Another name. We can't say two Who move on D Wade. Oh yeah. Ain't never no smut on D Wade hoop But yeah that's crazy Also do y'all like this matchup as a upcoming rivalry situation? Who? With Jokic and Wimpy. I ain't saying rivals obviously but like a matchup be like against Each other watch game. Nah I know but I'm just saying like I like them playing against each other. Boy If you watch that game, no you dead. Chuck was out there playing around boy I like seeing that shit look like food bro. The Spurs boy something else.


Hey Man, Him and Russell Westbrook. Hey that shit look like food. That boy yolk is just crazy. But we got two Stars messing up though. We'll get too many bigs both actually good. We get to see Match up. Just keep That lid on Christmas. Yeah it look like fool boy. I aint, you see This Spurs gotta upgrade that roster before it become something. Nah, The Spurs actually playing good. I don't quit disrespecting the Spurs 'cause cp I see what you're doing over there boy. You starting to figure something out and y ain't playing bad man. You actually having a pretty good year. I had Road Y off but y'all in the fight. They eighth in the West. Yeah. Harder Than the wars. Harder than Timber Wars. Yeah like harder than Sons. He putting Up a good fight and he got these young boys kind of playing at a high level and he building a lot of confidence in them. I'm seeing you know Castle, he is starting to come out his shell a little bit.


I see people starting to play a little bit like Chris Ball is the best at that because that's what he did for that thunder roster nigga he's to fuck with that thunder roster at all. Nah he every he goes, every team he Goes to bro they become winners. Even With the Houston situation too. I mean they was already good but everywhere he goes he turned it up for sure. The Chris Paul effect is real. They might always get what I'm saying, get to the promised land but he gonna make a team better. He definitely do. I got he, I wanna put a little more respect on that 'cause I swear at the beginning of the year we wrote them off. Yeah We thought that was Gaga. Yeah first. Yeah I'm still, I mean I'm still nothing but they ain't playing a whole lot better than I thought. I mean it'd be eighth and the West better than the Warriors with this young group and you got a veteran team in the Warriors and they ninth and you playing better than them. That was crazy that we had high expectations for the Timber Ws we had high expect most definitely the sons.


All these teams that we had these high expectations for and they playing just as good or even better. Yeah. Yeah. And what a note without Pop too. Pop, you know what I'm saying? Song went out with a, with an injury. Well injury himself bro. You know what I'm saying? You doing this with Chris Poll is basically the facto leader what's going on in the situation. So That's a salute to the Spurs man we got so more respect. Yeah Couple Games took place yesterday. Pelicans beat the Wizards yesterday one 10 to 98. CJ McClean had 25, he had 50 this weekend in two. He been hooping. Trey Murphy had 22, he trying To traded boy. Yeah see what you're doing. CJ Audition bro. Go crazy free that man. See What you're Doing by another audition situation. Kai Cools had 28. Yep. They trying to, know what I'm saying, change locations. I See what you're doing boy. Jazz beat the magic 1 0 5 92.


Damn. Yeah Shout Bryce. Bryce sent the ball crazy at 27 College section, head 20 as well. But yeah give us some magic. I dunno what That's about. Yeah all hurt man. Jalen went out with back spasms all type. They just down man. Yeah there's just a lot of injuries over there on that magic side. Yeah They are definitely guys. Stronger Soldier down there Orlando, they going through some crazy basketball shit for show. Yeah. Kings beat the worst. They beat the sleeves off them yesterday. Hey Hey 30 Ball A Fresh a a fresh start for them guys. You know Monks Bonus Fox. All them getting Doug Christie after him. It's like shit they playing. I don't know if they on a high still or just Mike. Really? I ain't, they ain't like Mike Brown shit.


What Is it? Yeah everybody kept saying we winning fire with y'all playing like a goddamn game. Yeah boy mugs is hooping. Yeah this is what y'all supposed to be doing all year. It Is a different energy with Christie. I don't shit, I be kind of upset. Yeah man. I know we was hollering the words but be hearing you looking like you right so far man. Yeah No y'all, y'all do. I don't, I don't speak too smart. I love Draymond. That's my guy but you know let's get them outfits ready bro. Yeah Can call I you see Draymond get the tech for saying boom and then the next game he said boom every time he did something in the game. I love Dre man Draymond young people. Fuck for sure some other crazy things that happened in sports. We talked about it. Jimmy Butler basically said I will be happy anywhere but Miami and Pat Riley said you will be here for at least another month because we suspended you for seven games.


I think seven games is excessive like but this is Jimmy. When Jimmy's unhappy Jimmy doesn't. When Jimmy doesn't get paid he feel like he need to be paid. It's what he do. You know he is gonna go crazy, he's gonna talk, he's gonna make sure it's a a media frenzy around him. He know how to get what he want. I don't agree with the way he is going about it. I mean he didn't say anything wrong. He just said he didn't wanna be there. He still said I was gonna show up to work, I was gonna still do my job but when he was doing his job he was shooting all one leg fade away. I know Jimmy. So I'm like what I tell y'all I'm like they gotta trade him. Yeah when Jimmy unhappy bro, he gonna do what he say. Well he was in the car bro going to hang time and you was just speaking on this and then that shit happened.


That shit's crazy bro. Yeah. Like They gotta, I mean I think seven games is way too much. I know they gonna probably yeah that's crazy. NBA gonna get some of that money back for him with A-N-B-P-A. Yeah they they did put in request. Yeah Review The Situation. That's way too because Seven Games is crazy. Crazy. He lost like three s from that. Yeah, that's crazy. That's nuts Bro. There's no final I should loses $3 million bro. I didn't say nothing crazy. I ain't hit nobody. I ain't say nothing outta pocket. I just said I don't wanna work here no more. But You going in there bro only, only mellow can shoot dune type of shots in The game and one leg in the game is far. Yeah that ain't part of your arsenal bro. You kind of throwing the game. Yeah so now they gotta trade him so it ain't even like just to get some value back from him. Like people gonna low ball him now.


Yeah also I looked at a report this off season allegedly the 76 ERs were trying to acquire him before Paul George. Okay. And obviously deals didn't get done so that's very interesting to see as well. Just like So do You trade Jimmy Butler for Paul George? If I'm not Miami Heat, hell No. Yeah you don't want that contract but shit, But if I'm the 76 you Really ain't gonna have many options right now like 'cause if you think about his trade value about to be at an all time low Hell yeah because everybody know he gonna opt out after this season even if he stay like he ain't signing back with Miami. So if I'm Philly, yes I agree. If I'm Miami, no I Mean if I'm Miami no but I'm just saying like who's gonna really trade for Jimmy Butler right now? I mean unless somebody like yo we on the brink think we can win a championship.


Like if the Warriors trade for Jimmy Butler, do they get really better? Yes. Like significantly better. You think so? I think, I think the way You gotta give up Wiggins and Minga. Well If you doing that to know you might Have to throw trace in that ho. Nah bro. If you said if it's like that then they can probably low ball the heat And if I'm thinking low ball, I'm not thinking it's wig and Minga. Maybe if it's Minga. Okay cool. Because if you probably it is not like y'all act like don't wanna pay him anyway. Okay. So then if that's the case then so be It. If they can get the money ain't gonna add up. But if you can, I mean a lot of stuff gotta go on with Minga and just Jimmy. But if I'm Philly I'm like throwing a kitchen sink.


Take Paul George. Yeah that's A way. And we giving y'all something else for Jimmy. Like I know y'all don't want the contract, we don't want it no more either but like please too bad. You know what I mean? Like please I don't know that's the, I'll try to work that out but For sure Well, well I'm expecting to see more updates from this story coming soon as well. K Chris Haynes reported yesterday night that the sons are officially moving Bill and ish to the bench reports of locker room tension, uneasiness going on man, get well soon for Bud Man he walk into some shit. I knew it. I told you Bud. Nah nah You said no. I said Bud don't coach a lot of superstars. Didn't I say? I said he do way better with less.


I said you said that but you also should. No Bud cool. Bud gonna to get him together boy he's Cool bud. Don't give a fuck. That's why Bill nurturing going to the bench. He's like you know what I'm gonna do what I do best 'cause if I get fired I'm gonna do fired my way. He don't nigga y'all don't fit what I got going on. Let's try something different. I want the Plumley Ty Jones, he probably gonna start the young rookie bull Right Done. Yeah. Yeah he probably like, yeah I need more continuity like this ain't really no continuity right here so I already knew Get well soon. Boy he do a lot better with less. Trust me. I believe that. But yeah it is looking real spooky over there in Phoenix man. Get well soon for sure. Tyre Hill hint out. So do you trade and bill for Jimmy?


Yeah. Hell Yeah. Yeah that's a good trade for Miami. My Soul. Well we ain't even think about Miami's best interest but get Brad Bill definitely help them because that the son that's a lick for them. Yeah it be now yo one through three is Yeah 1, 2, 3, 4. I don't know how Bradley Bill and Tyler Hero going mesh but I know Bradley Bill want to be in Miami. You gonna have Point Hero and then Brad's the two. Is that kind of similar to what De Book and him situation is? Jimmy? Oh that's a fire three If they can figure that out. If Phoenix could get that, that's a nice, that's a nice starting roster bro. Yeah Jimmy with KD is tough. Ty book, Jimmy kd you just gotta get a big, that's tough.


They got Plum, you gonna have to get another big in the West. But that's a solid that start lineup for sure. Yeah I I just, I think that's just better for Miami. But Yeah if you gonna do Point Hero and let be work after two. I, I'm I'm something on that. We'll see for sure. T Keel is basically hitting out. He's just lu the lead, the Dolphins. I don't blame him. Why? Because Yeah, I'm with Jeff quarterback To two on his last leg bro. He's on, he's on. He's gonna be on a documentary bro in about 10 years in. Y'all going to wonder why I don't blame him bro. He, he left Kansas City for this. He's like yeah I don't like this mediocre shit man. I Don't want see two Shake. I Mean where he gonna go now though? I mean oh he's how many years he got left on this deal?


This is the second year football. Football different though. Yeah shit can be on toilet paper but he's, I think he's gonna year three of this deal. Oh okay. He signed up maybe. Let's see, I'm not sure it don't Matter. Just a bad huh? Tyreek Tyreek No two just got paid. Yeah, it don't matter what tour though. Yeah It's Up. Stay healthy Please. You got, oh this is last year's deal. Yeah. So it's going on tour his last year. Free to real. Go back to Kansas City. Fuck it. Nah you can't. You got paid, you got the ring, you go back, you can't leave. You can't go back there. Why can't, Why everybody keep getting a chance to get Ken. I mean go to the motherfuck chiefs bro. Somebody got a David Stern man if He go back, if he go back to the Chiefs bro that's hard.


If he go back to the Chiefs, that'd be crazy. Go get paid. You already got a chip. He went down to Miami, had his three years, got paid and went back to playing series football turn up. That's hard. Yeah but we'll see Three Hills is definitely cold for sure. And the dry mail getting fired from the Patriots after one season is criminal. Man that's wild. That's criminal. That was, wow. I seen that he shouldn't have won that last game. Hey I was gonna say him winning that game yesterday in the meanly game that lost him the number one pick. Yeah I could imagine that. That was the final straw you posted. Tank that one my boy. Boy You blew the organization up. He probably knew something. That's probably why he knew Something. A lot of people were suggesting like hey, you know what I'm saying? He knew the fix was in so he was like build a finger on my way out. Yeah he knew something bro. I Respect him. It was like that. Like he gonna fire me anyway.


Win the game for me because You usually in tune with your organization on the plan. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Especially when its coming down. I have a chance to get the number one pick so he like oh y'all finna fire me. Motherfuckers in there telling, he said oh no we in the goddamn glory road. This bitch That remind me when I was in Atlanta they had, they told us Like they ain't tell us the tank but they basically was telling us like we couldn't play like people had to sit out and shit. Yeah. Kind of like yo, you not playing this game or whatever. And Bud was like the complete opposite. He was like man fuck that. It was his first year. He was like we, they was trying to basically get Giannis. Ah so they didn't want to have a high enough pick. They want to like stay in the middle of the pack like 14. Yeah. So he could get Giannis and Bud was like fuck that we're making the playoffs.


Then he started playing us and we ended up being the ac that's when we played the pacer or whatever. But they was trying to keep us outta the playoffs so we could get Giannis. Damn. And we basically fucked that up Bud fucked up generational money. Oh God. Hawks been fucked up shit. Wow. Yeah It get tricky like that. 'cause imagine number one pick, I mean there's still two but you know what I'm saying. It's different if you coulda got Travis Hunter, They can't they, I think they still gonna get Travis Hunter because I think the number one pick is the Titans right? Yeah. I don't think they gonna take Travis. You think they gonna take Travis Shit? You never know what that works. Who they Point? They just, they just drafted the quarterback. Well Will Levi is cheeks. Yeah but you, I'm getting Travis Hunter, I'm getting the Best player. You think dad draft Shado or they gonna give Will a chance If I'm, if I'm them in their situation, I'm getting Travis Hunter.


You get a generational player. I mean obviously you can get a quarterback but look at y'all track record with that. You gonna get a serviceable. You go get it Travis Hunter. I'm gonna get Travis Hunter and try to get Sam Darnell. Mm. Why not some, That's hell of a stimulus. Spend some money man. Yeah that's a stimulus like a motherfucker Or Trey for dude from last year from Minnesota got dropped. Man. Shado go with Dewan in them man. Are you trying to see that boy to Cleveland? He, Oh my god. He go to Cleveland. He want to go to New York though. Get get well soon You go to, That's where he really want to go though. He said My boy to Cleveland. That's tough. He wanna go to the jobs But yeah, dry mail man that's crazy.


The lack of opportunity that, you know what I'm saying? Black hat coaches have in NF NFL for him to get dealt that hand is crazy bro. You think if Cleveland tried to take Shado too, you think Dion steps in and say like nah we ain't doing that. Yeah he might do a manning, Manning. Daddy did. They'd Be fired if he Did. You think he will though? He should. I hope he does. Just to get him to New York. I mean if you got the pool, If he could put your kids to the Best about nepotism all the time. Yeah. If you, if you can put your kid in the best position, you do it 'cause shit. But Do you draft him with Deshaun Watson making that much money? Y'all owe him? Yes. They don't go before they, they, they don't even think about Did you wave Deshaun? John Watson at this point just like let him go. I think they was building up stuff last year to be able to do it.


So we'll see. She wave him physically For sure. Get the fuck outta here. He's a physical wave. Yes. That's crazy. I'm gonna get y'all opinions about some games tonight and I fuck with od but that for, I'm talking about he was my Favorite quarterback. Nah, I loved it. We we want you on the show but we Plenty to talk about From organization standpoint. They sick here bro. We paid you the craziest contract with no. Yeah. Get the fuck out. Any way we can get from under this contract, we Will do it bro. Sometimes you gotta take your Ls bro and you know, know what I mean? Keep, They ain't never getting away from that contract. They gonna pay all that. That's what I'm saying. When they try to bring up the other stuff, you know they trying to do a lot off. Yeah they Trying to do Off the court shit to Yeah they trying to get outta that. They don't care about what really happened. By the way, Take KL bro.


Pay my man this bread and just bill for future Nigga on trips with this lady got the hermit and Sheex and and covers nigga Live these, they owe, they owe you some more money. Yeah. Putting all that spot on your name. They ruined your image bro. The NFL fucked your image up so fuck 'em. Prefer Brown. The Houston, Texas too but Yeah. Yeah, we'll talking about that's a podcast topic for sure. There is a lot that Ghost today. Tonight's game Trailblazers at PIs. Who y'all got Boy? I'm going bed. No disrespect. No disrespect. They at least they Detroit near Portland. Boy. I'm going bed bro. Alright. DP that one both Sides. Okay. Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna watch some Netflix on that one. That's, that's the only game tonight? Nah, That's a couple.


Okay. Fresh. I'm gonna show you some love man. Shout out to the Pistons and we'll see what y'all got tonight man. Suns at 76 ERs. Ooh this is a mid off Boy. Oh Two of the top worst teams I got, I got the Sixers, the six, the bucks. I mean the Suns are in more of shambles than the Sixers. A lot Of dis the co saddest teams in the league. Yeah Man I don't even, I'm gonna go Sons. Mm Damn boy. The son was just here too. Bud had hit me up man. I got Sixers Man. He is out of town. Damn do I had to talk to my dog? Yeah man. Send him to a church. Next time he come to City he needs all the prayers. So you got tea? I'm gonna go with I don't care. I don't care. Alright. Bucks at Raptors Books.


Yeah. I'm gonna take the bucks. Pacers at Nets. Nets. Fuck you. I'm take the Pacers. Pacers take pace. I'm gonna take the Pacers money line Magic at Nicks Knicker boxers. I got The Knicks bro. Knicks show. They Just came off for getting they ass beat by the Bulls too. They about to show Up. Yeah. Kaing killing too. Spurs at Bulls. Spurs. Yeah Spurs. They take The bulls. Bulls on a high right now. Yeah. Derrick, they Derrick gross up this weekend. Had 'em at an emotional high. It is back to regular business. Spurs, Mavs at Grizzlies. I don't know how long dry out, but I'm gonna take the Mavs. Yeah. All day. Mavs. All they Mavs Clippers at t. Wolves be Here. We turning up tonight. Clippers. That's us tonight. Kauai back. Kauai Back in Peasy. I love, I Love Ka ka return this weekend.


I Love Kauai. We got this dubbed tonight. Oh no man. You know a just went crazy with a 50 ball, but they lost to, to the Pistons. Man. You think they gonna bounce back tonight? Yeah, we Gotta, we gotta come back to it, baby. We all right. Respect. Last but not least, heat at Kings. Kings. Kings Ball. I got the Kings. Okay, Let's go Kings in as well. Verify buckets. Behead, who was getting to it over the weekend? I'm gonna give it to an 53 and L. You know, I don't care about wins and losses in the NBA so we killed, fuck it, 53 is tough for sure, man. I'm gonna show some love man. To Joker man. Averaging 43, 13 in Denver. 10 over a weekend, bro. On a, that's crazy. Yeah, that's, that's balling bro. I was gonna agree with you with Joker, but I also wanna give love to Kat.


Yes. Sirki, you know, being his teammate and seeing what he's doing. Playing at this high level bro in front of that crowd in New York with all the media crazies and stuff like that. For him to be killing like he'd been killing this year. I didn't expect it. I knew he was a great talent. I knew he was good but I ain't know he was gonna step his game up like this. He been hard. He been hooping this year. Couldn't even put my parlor in. I hit the first half of that game. Damn. Mm. Get well soon. Hey man, I gotta show some love for Kade Cunningham. I'm pushing the Allstar situation man. 40 and nine. Yeah bro. Get my boy in the game man. Man. Who? I ain't mad at that Elite sta. Am I mad At that at all? Hey man. Get well soon. Who needs some encouragement? Start that week off. BN Probably Derrick White.


Yeah man, he got Wiki yesterday. Derrick White being a good defender. Didn't pay out for him this time. Wrote a clip. The whole clip is crazy though. That shit outta here. Start off with a block. Damn. That was on Tater Push that SGA with the block. Throw that bitch up. Hey Man, you try to hurt me nigga. Fuck what you grabbing me for? Weird ass sneeze. They turned up though. Them Black Jerseys is hard too. I love a black jersey. You Should have fell forward. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. Black Jersey is crazy. Yeah, I love Black Jerseys For sure.


Man. I'm gonna get mine out to Devin Booker. Man. Shout out to Miles Turner one time for the one time. What? Let go Miles do. Oh man, he caught Deep Book lacking that Impala was in neutral. Hey. Oh that was okay. Nah, he punched that bit. Dunk that Bit. He dunked it but it ain't really on book like that. We get out the way bro. We'll get to many of them. Highlights we count this guy. Damn. That was a good play though. Shout out to motherfucker Myles. Hey Yeah, my dog Miles bro. Shout out to Myles. He still one of my favorite teammates. I fuck with Miles. Shout out to Miles man. Five 20 alumni. Who you got to My Get Wilson soon is just for the Washington Wizards. Just get well shit.


But Trey Murphy man attacking the rim like he did past weekend. Punching on, I don't even know who under there. The Wizards got so many people. I don't know. But Hey, That boy got bounced. That was wicked. Huh? First she been for the baby Puff fake end got punched on. That's nasty. But He failed. Look who fought. Watch how he Fought. Look, try to recover back. Wow. This looking crazy out there. I think that's Be bubbly. What's his name? Who? The young boy. Second player. Oh, Off from France? Yeah. I forgot how to pronounce his name. But last but not least. I'm gonna give my get well soon to Dallas Cowboys. We sat players that had essential based contracts yesterday.


That is filthy work bro. Good job. Yeah, y'all said That's crazy. Another get well soon. Fox Sports. I don't know what the fuck y'all got going on over there. We probably ain't in the best position to be talking about it right now, but everybody involved please get well soon because 'cause 1.5 happy Broh. 1.5 is crazy. What happened? 1.5. Alright, well skip that boy. Listen bro, if Jeezy pay and LeBron are paying Dwayne Wade it is gotta be cheaper than 1.5 my boy. Hold on. What are you trying to pay for? Yeah, some solicitor, some services. We, we gotta, oh that's a podcast conference. We cannot do this on the board of show 'cause it know's a lot coming out. But yeah, offer 1.5. Let she get the four story y'all. Yeah.


Oh he offered a hairstylist that Yeah. Yeah she she's got some Oh that's allegedly. Yeah she got a lot of alleged claims going on right now. That's got the internet and Frenzy. We would speak about it when we know more what is going on. Damn that motherfucker. That's a crazy bid though. He said I'm trying to get the deal like I'm shitty if I'm skip like to put the 1.5 on me and you say no it was 1500, not 1.5. Wrong comment. You read, you read that wrong. You read that Wrong. I well motherfucker flipping 1501.5 dude. Yeah you Read, you read that wrong baby. It was 15, 1500, even 15,000 something. 1.5 Skip shit. Fucking take the whole shit. So Sean, I ain't never come at home.


Yeah listen shit 1.5 Boy, she read Skip had a Dreams script was stretching some shit out because that nigga Hunter, that motherfucker gonna spit up like a newborn about two seconds. Okay. The real, the real crash out She read. I said well that was about to be Skip last hoop. Said shit said fuck it. I went high. She that wrong bro. Skip Was ready to go out like Kevin Thousand read that when you send the cash that folks when she takes your phone and send it to herself. I'm some real shit like y'all, we gonna figure out what happened now when the story come out. But don't ever put 1.5 on my legacy like Yeah 1.5 is crazy because Now my next badge I'm have to gonna be looking at me like Up the 1.5 is crazy.


Crazy. That boy said one point. Hey there Bryan tweeted, he said 1.5 for the beat is crazy. Nah bro, it was 1500 bro. I'm, I skip, I'm gonna defend you bro. It was 15. Yeah don't defi skip right now. Nah, I'm saying I I ain't saying that he didn't do or he did. I'm just saying I know it was a typo. It was 15. Oh. She outta pocket saying that though but 1.5 is crazy bro. Yeah, that is crazy man. Hey also last but not least and that was like a offer that wasn't like that's what he, they didn't get the deal done apparently so. Oh okay. Allegedly he offered that. Yeah. Okay. She said no. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah man. Last but not least man, shout out to Derrick Rose, man D Rose Day in Chicago. We were grateful to, you know what I'm saying?


Be present in those moments man. Please tell me how y'all feel. We'll talk about him on the podcast but we're gonna show some love to him. Man. It was a crazy week in Chicago man. We got to pull up the ceremony. Everything was a one man. How'd y'all feel about that moment? Man? It was special to be a part of for sure. Nah, the moment was special. I just, just grateful that he rocked us like that. Yeah, Facts Bro. That's, that's more important to me. You know what I Mean? Man he treated us like it was our event. Yeah. Like he showed so much love. I think everybody there felt the love from him. Yeah. And like the events was crazy like that. Simeon, I think that was probably the funnest thing we did. Him going back to his high school and playing and seeing him and his son on the court like that. Now I see how I feel like with LeBron doing that in the league. 'cause I was like watching him was like damn that's kind of tight.


But to have LeBron do that in the league and just seeing him do it on a a pickup game was was even crazy. Most definitely. Man. Shout out to Derrick Rose man. Very deserved. Can't wait to see that Jersey go up in the Ratfish next year. For sure. Yeah. More one is immortalized at City of Chicago. He means so much to that city and we saw it firsthand this weekend. It was dope man. But we'll talk about a little bit more on the podcast on Thursday man. Some stories we can't talk about on here but be here You'all something people away make some money on this snowy Monday.


Yeah man. We got a good one today guys. I'm confident in this one. Okay. Forny Simons 25 points. No I had him for 20 left. That's where I Left. Okay, wait Back in 2020. Come on bro. Stop fucking up my commercial. Okay. Phony Simons 20 points. Tyrese. Maxey 25, Jalen Brunson 25 Damon Lillard 25. Anthony Edwards. 25 Zach Levine 20 Bam $2,500 when you're a grand total of no 20 for ba. 59,000 bro. Oh you said how much again brother? $500 when you're a grand total of 59,000. Hey draft King to Crown is Georgia. That promo code club five 20 for first users. We appreciate y'all. We be back tomorrow morning. Play my shit.


Okay. Oh we, oh we exited out the tweakers. Play my shit. Hey man, play the slaps real quick. Hold on. Play my shit. I got you bro. He's the biggest capper. Hey taste this song. Play my shit. Hey somebody put a tea highlight, mix tape together with a song in the background. Y'all know I'm stuck in the two thousands. Put this on the low lights. Y'all know I'm stuck in the 2000. Damn. We put this on his fo compilation. Hey man, we'll be back tomorrow morning man. Five 20 in the Morning. The Volume.