
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Holiday Magic is in the air and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay, it's for clauses to get filled with statement pieces and vintage funds. Or must have sneakers wait for you and Designer handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors to open to stacks of the rear trading cars in a garage. Stop with all the car parts you need for any do-it-yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things, people love The Volume.


Good morning, happy Monday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date everything in the sports world, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left. My brother Hendricks. To my right, my brother TG Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's happening? Cool man. What's up? My Bad Y we a little early. I got something to do The show man. My boy had the gospel music on. He know it was a glorious Monday. My boy started off with the gospel music. Some of my highlights. I had to get the gospel before I seen Tyler Hero highlight other girls say boy we some type of piece of music. Boy that was going crazy in the NBA yesterday.


Get straight to it man. The he got the rockets yesterday. 1 0 4 to a hundred. The score does not matter 'cause what really happened, they was out there squabbling yesterday. It's been a lot of tension in the NBA and yesterday did not let us down at all. Man. Tallah Hill was killing dope. 27 9 6. Your favorite white boy man. Yeah. You know what I mean? Amen. Got him together though. Or is that oer? Which one of them wasn't? I don't know which one. Fuck rocking The one, one of the twins. You know what I mean? Flung my boy, you know what I mean? Like a rag now. But Let get straight to it man. Confrontation in the NB is the best. Talking about the writing and down. This is how you get 'em back up. Pause. This is crazy. Little nigga strong as Bro.


They meme that up with the street fighter sweet throw bro. I was crying man. He strong as hell. Terry. Roger was on that though. Nah, shout to young hum hum. He he with the shit setting up for his mans. But that we can talk about the game. But that's crazy though. Yeah, I mean it shit is a part of it. You getting somebody's face it's, I dunno what though. I don't know what boiled over to make 'em feel like that. Tallah Har said when you busting somebody ass, that's how he feel. Remind me of any house. Yeah but we remember more of the head band smack than we do the win and the performance. Yeah. We ain't gonna never forget this Tyler. No never Aint the way he was running around afterwards like yeah yeah hold me back, hold me back. Yeah.


He felt how strong but he was bro. He like, he about Fool D young boy. Yeah, Tyler Hero ain't ain't little either bro. Nah so to a soer I said well OTE something else. Boy that weight room different. They put that, they put that in the pamphlet. Tell yo bro Yeah you probably gonna get a nice fine and a suspension. Yeah You got to The crazy thing about it is it was a two hand grasp of his jersey for him to like Judo throw him that quick. Bro was hilarious. Soon as his, soon as Tyler touched him it was up. He wasn't no talking. It wasn't no nothing. He he flexed that boy on the second. I mean San Antonio spurs like that too though. Twin, hey I was dying.


Not like he didn't throw him across the floor but he got him out the way pretty easily And the whole conversation part was funny. He was like, I didn't say nothing to him bro. Something was said 'cause he felt The way. Nah, you said something or maybe you just got into his face too close and he was already, if you Watch the video then he not even, he talking about a play like scream getting open. He kind of like used his body by like trying to get into him to get open and he kind of grabbed him like and it was over that he got him open. It's kind of funny though, but Well that nigga be security at somebody club boy. God I love it. Ver back to a tour, he was just like, Hey what's his spot? I'm paying it. He's like that's my favorite young boy now That niggas out of pocket. See Twitter fraud Twitter still murder.


Nah, they you still owe Champ support. See that's crazy. See that's crazy. Y'all gotta stay off Twitter bro. No Chantel, I was dying too because they, they clipped up the applause. The color money we got thrown off stage bro. Man anytime so crazy happened in the NBA. The memes is on deck bro. It was hilarious man. But all in all listen man come back away for the heat. The game was really good yesterday and I can see why the rockers are frustrated. They had a terrible, terrible fourth quarter yesterday. They had, they had a eight minute yesterday. They knew a damn thing. It's the reason why they lost his game. Let him back in it for show. Dylan Brooks was hooking yesterday 2204.


Sunken was killing 18. 18 and six. Your favorite whiteboard been killing man. One of the most consistent players for the heat so far. You think they got a chance to make some noise in the east? Yeah, I mean it's the east so they do, they do. I mean they ain't not championship bound or nothing but they solid the teams for sure You need, you think they need to, you know, figure out what they're gonna do with Jimmy first before they can have any real expectations for the rest of the season. I Mean that's probably already written bro. We just, it just ain't broke yet. Mm. You think Sote you think you know since I had a couple of DMPs that not necessarily tour illness but you know I think competition reconditioning is a hell of a DNP. Yeah I think Jimmy K probably checked out probably.


I mean playing with him being on his teammate in Minnesota when he said he want out. Yeah He out like straight up. Yeah. Yeah it is over with. So they probably need to trading him. I mean I hear a lot of people talking about Dion Fox not being happy, him and Bam being really good friends. Miami, Sacramento, Sacramento can just throw the whatever out now let them fire the coach or whatever so they can get rid of Dre Fox. Not get rid but like let him and Jimmy both go and move on and be a easy swap. That's kind of crazy. I I would hate to send Jimmy to the Kings man. He, he deserves better than that bro. But you gotta think they both gonna be unrestricted free agents after next year.


Yeah. So like why not Sweden? Yeah it is like an even swipe and then Jimmy probably won't opt in in Sacramento so they'll be able to get everything off the books. Yeah And really just start over clean sweeper situation. That's interesting you say that 'cause I know they were talking about it with the Clippers rebuild situation. They were just like yeah we could've traded Paul George but by letting him walk you freed up so much money to have all the rotation players that they have today and to keep James Harden. Yeah. And so far as look fruitful for sure. Another thing about this game too, apparently like Mark Davis as a ref pisses a lot of people off. 'cause forever he got injected yesterday he bumped into him. Yeah it looked incidental. I don't know if the history side of forever Fleet did help in the situation but a lot of people were just like this game got escalated like that 'cause Mark Davis would be on bullshit.


That's what it is though. Yeah they they, they said a lot of call For but I'm saying they gonna start treating him like Dre mine she Wallace you done put that missile on your bag. Pause but they looking for you to come down so they can get you up outta there bro. Yeah and I remember you said that when he caught up, when he went crazy Oldboy beforehand he was just like yeah he he's not gonna get the benefit of that rest of Yeah I told you the rest of the year, rest of his career the refs gang together, they a gang. I mean like the NBA players, they all got they own league basically inside the league we all root for each other. We all want the best for each other, the rest the same way. So if you mess with one of the refs they like Tim Donny, he told y'all, hey y'all fuck with them refs we gonna get you back.


Yeah. So it don't matter. He no benefits to the call, none of that. The ref's gonna go, they gonna hold each other down so it's, it's gonna be a rough, rough, rough, rough future for Van Fleet. Damn man, that's crazy. Get well soon man. For the Rockets to do a little bit more. Who do you think needs to take that next step? Jalen Green Sun or Van Fleet? I sun's doing what he can bro. I mean he a killer. Jalen Green I guess he getting better every year so probably it is Jalen Green but it ain't really no knock towards his game. They still, he still young bro. So they, they catch their stride I think as much as I hate on them they, they had a decent team for sure. If they can keep they core together, Jalen Green gotta solidify himself as a star.


Yeah, I think he just right now a really good young player, he can play, he can score but he gotta solidify himself as a star and that's gonna be averaging like 25 to 26 points a game. If that's the guy he gonna be, if he's going to be the star for that team, he has to like up his score to 25, 26 points a game and he has the capability to do that. I see him in a row of like Jalen Brown and all those guys athletic wing try to play both ends but he gonna have to be more of a efficient scorer for them to get over that hump. Right now they just a really good young team with some guys that's capable but for them to get over that hump he's gonna have to be the guy guy for sure man.


You know he get a lot of comparisons with the, you know, draft situation with K Cunningham as alright now Kade is coming to his home to solidify himself as a leader of a team and he don't got nearly as much the same talent as you. 'cause if you put K Cunningham on that, on that Rockets team it might be a different conversation even though the rockets are doing well this year. No knock to them obviously they they doing they thing but yeah he, he gotta solidify himself to the start as well. Yeah. I wonder what the suspensions is gonna be like. We had six people tossing this game. My Najee Marshall got four games for defending himself Defend against n. So I wonder what these rules is gonna be. Oh yeah the the twin, he definitely gonna get a nice suspension but it's the guys that run off of anybody ran on the court from the benches.


They gonna definitely get one game. It's automatic. Terry Rodger But I think Terry Rod was in the game he got on the game. Yeah I think he was taking the ball out. So I'm interested to see who Thought that nigga ran far. Yeah I'm interested to see what can do. He pulled up, shout to Terry, he owe his teammate, He take the ball. That makes sense Then. I I hope he don't get a suspension for that though. Nah, 'cause he ain't, I mean he, he broke it up a little bit. I mean they inside it a little bit but still supposed to lop your teammate but that shit where nursing was hilarious bro. I don't know what it is. Like I wonder if he rubs people the wrong way 'cause consistently people are trying to swing on him bro. Yeah he talking about shit though. About to say he gotta be talking bro. Niggas just don't Like him discuss he talk a lot of shit. He talk a bunch of shit. Matter of fact. Oh okay. And ain't nothing wrong with it. I mean I hear you a good guy, people like his teammates like him but off the court he talk a he talk a bunch of shit.


I ain't gonna lie. Yeah because after, you know what I'm saying, him and Naja got into it and it's funny 'cause if you zoom in into that video Kyrie face the whole time while they getting into it, it is hilarious bro. But they was like damn Draymond really wasn't out of pocket but Draymond swing on him. It still wasn't the funniest videos bro. He hit him, he hit him too hard bro. They was supposed to really like square up that bro. That ain't basketball no more. Man you know, you know how I was thinking about the sons since we talking about Ish, you know ever since they date traded Deandre Aen and we gonna talk about him later, they been, they ain't been good. Mm. Like they ain't been good. Like everybody hated Deandre Aen out there or whatever. He thought it was a problem but he was killing. He was bro he was killing and they was good and like ever since they let him go they ain't been the same.


You know it's crazy. You talk about that finals run that they had, I mean Chris Paul definitely deserved a lot of price for that as well as Devin Booker but he was killing, he was killing, he was killing until he just stopped getting the ball in the second half of the finals. Niggas just don't care 'cause he not really killing where he at now but I mean but they need a big and it is crazy, he like the big that fit them like kind guard can make a 15 footer get rebounds. The timing was just bad on that too. He still want his chicken too. So. And that's another Monty Williams situation. We done seen two situations. We've seen Monty Williams piss off some young talent and everybody kind of took it as face value and then he moved on. Everybody's like, well maybe they could play because where did he go? Arizona?


Yeah. Yep. Yeah, he he was for sure prompt. I mean he still is, you know what I mean? Shout out to Deandre but dang I need my paper bro. That's what it's he got paid. Yeah I got paid. That's what I'm saying, when you can't pay all five of them. Yeah and and that's a great transition you said. 'cause I'm happy he did not come to Indianapolis. Boy it was almost done and I'm so happy that it did not happen. Why? Because we don't need 'em


Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're on sale at Draftking Sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect The number one place to bet touchdowns? Grab some tds with Draftking Sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use Code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today.


If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all and visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about faith this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. Yeah, all you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games they've come in and haven't scored 20 points and you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than You Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast


Pace took care of the Celtic yesterday. 1 23 1 14. Nah, lemme go ahead. We won yesterday. Muo. Hey we beat the best team in the NBA. It's only we beat them twice this year. I want the record to show the Cav the best team in the N nba. No the Celtics are the best team in the nba. I'm messing on my records. You know that the Celtics is taking care of the C in the series. I know you try to get the Cleveland bro but we not gonna do Best B Nah you not gonna, we beat the best team in the NBA yesterday Act beat our ass on Friday. Alright, shout to Tyree Hall Burton 31 76. You know what it is all NBA performer Nim Hart. That Nigga Crescendo changed on that fucking time with no Pi Boy allowed. Ain it. It's been dark out here man. I need some light man. We got a nice quality way yesterday in the garden.


You know what I'm saying? JB had 31 64 after he torched us the other night for tired. His career high. Crazy. They Said tell don't need more shots. 22 not he need more shots. Yeah, I keep telling y'all Bro. I mean I don't know if he need more shots. I mean they as a team Payton Prichard fucking murdering yesterday, they, Us losing to the picture is just is not cool Us. Yeah. Oh wow. Anytime. Anytime Jason Taylor don't get the shots he deserve. It's us. It's us. Okay. Yeah. Respect. Celtics lost four, the last six. Do you have any concerns with that? They they still good. They just dealing with it. I mean you have up and down seasons, I mean moments in the season guys that's not really playing well right now.


Like Hauser who was shooting the ball great last year, not shooting the ball is good. They don't have a consistent rotation with, you know, Ingas being in and out of the lineup. Al's a year older. I think it's still a really good group but I don't know. They look like they could be beat. They don't look as dominant as they once did. Okay. But I think it does. I mean I think they're really a good, still a really good team. Drew's been out in and out of the lineup the last couple of games. So Yeah. Now let me be fair, drew Holter did not play yesterday. I'm sure that would definitely make a difference for sure. Got one bro. That's why I y'all won bro. It's cool. I I don't care who played we won. I'll take my doves however I can get them.


I don't care. Yes, Okay. That's my biggest fear about the Celtics though. They won injury away. They have so much talent but it is like who gets hurt? Like if Drew is out, they're a different team. Yeah and I don't know if I trust it like Derrick White is good but if Derrick White is, I think he's replaceable. I just don't think Drew is just 'cause he plays off the ball so Well Derrick White is more of a scorer than Drew. Yeah. Right. And I think Peyton Pritchard is more of a scorer than Drew. What Drew brings to the table is that Swiss Army knife. He do a little bit of everything. He rebound guard and he can score Derrick White. Very similar but they do it differently. And I just think Drew is more important but hell, I dunno.


Oh yeah, I, I still feel like they full strip and no disrespect to the cabs, they're having a phenomenal season. I feel like at full strip the Celtics are still the best team in the NBAI don't think nobody won't smoke with them when everybody's available for sure. But you gotta restore respect to the Cavs. They kill it right now. Quality went fresh yesterday. I was real questionable about that situation after we just got smacked. These were accounted for losses. We played some really, really good teams last week and just going straight to going forward. But shout to Tyrese Hebert man we bounced back. We are slowly looking like the team that we were last year. Love that for us. Where y'all in the east? We we at eight right now. You know what I'm saying? We got, we got some ways to go. I think we 15 and 17 right now. 1617. 1617. Excuse. Yeah we at eight right now. We know in the e cre three game win streak away from being dead home court advantage.


So is Tyler Hero a all star this year? Is it him or Kade Cunningham? One of them gotta go and I'm, I'm in the guard Position. I'll give it to Kade. I'm gonna give it to Tyler Hero. They seventh in the east. Let's go back to the position. The east, I mean 24, 5 and five. It's not nothing to slight at. He's fucking murdering. But what's the setting again? I'm Sorry. I'm know how keep up with my boy But are the Detroit Pistons in the, in the playing playoffs or that 10. Oh okay. KI don't know man. The records ain't too far off but I think Tyler Hero having a career year. I think K to Cunningham is too. It's been a great but Hay STAs might be better. They're oh they're, but he also played with two other max players either diner so I get it.


Yeah, I mean somebody got scored. That's what people used to tell me when you Traumatized by that When you suck He Got guy score the ball and I think K Cunningham is a terrific player. I think he'd be good on anybody team. I think he'd be a star on anybody team. Mm. But he just happened to be on a Detroit Pistons right now who I think is a quality team. I don't think they're bad at all. No they've all, I always show love to him. Oh 24 10 is seven. Yeah. All Star. Yeah. Sorry Tyler. No they matched, they they matched. They win season last year already. Yeah. Oh facts. They having a great year for Detroit. But he might get the nod over Tyler hero Bro if it's between them two bro.


And y'all know how I ride for th bro. I think, I think K Cunningham's more deserving because of what he brings to that team. Like he's more important. Yeah he is more important to that. I don't know though because Tyler the only one hooping for Miami Heat right now if you star J Knight and no disrespect if you start J Knight at that point guard position for thats Replace what are your pistols look like? Still? Lottery Still look Behind. I'm saying who hooping for the heat though? Who you take out to? I mean you still got Bam, I mean but what Bam average and bam every from like 15 probably I think. But bams still all NBA type player.


I mean I know maybe you don't mind. He's definitely capable. Yeah. 16, 10 to five that's, that's solid. Yeah, especially the big that's good but take 24 points out. You missing Jimmy Butler Take 27 and 10 out. No. Yeah, take that out. You having a rough year too. But I'm saying he gave the Detroit s fan base. Hope They, I'm not, listen, I'm not mad at either one but I'm just saying the heat man they missing Jimmy this whole year and still to be seventh in the east. That's a lot of dudes Tyler hero. Nah, for sure. I mean and it's funny 'cause I mean Oh yeah, yeah I know that's my Guy. We overreacted here but two weeks ago we was talking about this team should probably blow it up. So Of course. Yeah you gotta show respect for Tallah Hero. He's fucking balling right now.


Yeah he keeping him afloat right now. But if it goes between the two they just gonna show the clip of him getting tossed but like nah we gonna take k, K would never. Yeah I don't, he wouldn't but yeah he get wicked. I just, I just like to show the appreciation of him keeping him afloat. For sure man. Shout out to the Indiana Pace. Who took care of business? Man gotta win to Boston yesterday. A lot of people can't say that and we gonna talk about some more later. They lost four, they last six right. I don't care. We back on track. So it was team we lost the thunder. They they on the win street was on the, these are accounted for losses. Hey that was hate too by the way was I thought you was gonna be a person fan next year but we, I try to put in good word.


Yeah but I played for Boston too. Respect. He had more fun than me. I can't help that. Indiana. Indiana literally was my favorite year of playing basketball but for some reason I just, I don't know why I don't associate myself with being a face. We gonna get some ball with that next year. T Wolves got the close one that was spur yesterday. 1 12, 1 10. Hey man Wendy be hooping 34 8, man. Crazy. They Just sad bro. Paris bars 24 5 Mr. Ram, we get to 20 Dante demon Czo played a lot better than he has been playing 26 7 and four and an yesterday had a slow night 14 and eight man. After having a great year last year, what do you think the the T Wills will do to get even Chino back comfortable with this situation?


You gotta keep hooping bro. Okay, So it's on him. I think he gotta find his own way. Yeah they grown. Gotta find his own way. It ain't like one of the rookies or something bro. You, you ave bro figure out a way to mess with your team. They still gotta make him feel comfortable. I don't know what that locker room looking like but it's majority on him though bro. Find your way. Nah, it is just a difficult going, being a starter to going back to the bench and having that same kind of camaraderie you had with Col guys. You played college basketball with y'all friends, best friends. Now you go to a situation, you coming off the bench, you don't know none of these dudes. You know it's gonna take some time to adjust. I mean that's a starting point right there at 26 off the bench or whatever he did.


He might have started. I don't know. I ain't watched that game. That wasn't one of my favorites to watch last night. But he just gotta get comfortable like he said. But it's gonna take more time than this. I just don't think the T Wolves is a really good team. Yeah, I I think that this year they've definitely taken a step back. I know we've all talked about their trade and stuff but man don't leave while you hot. Yeah. That, that, that kind of set them back this year. But do you think it'd be any major changes in the off season if things keep going the way they are be here? Mm. This off season. I mean it could but they might give it another year to work out. Nobody really cares about Minnesota. We just keeping it real and it is just, you know, a star. Yeah. Polarizing figure. Yeah And you know Rudy is fucking Rudy but no, nobody really cares.


Like there's, there's not a franchise that they're really too much worried about. See the thing is they have to like they have, they're in a situation where they got like they just drafted Rob Dillingham with what the eighth ninth pick or something like that. Yeah a young guard. They still got Mike there to help you know, rooming for that starting position one day. The difference is this team's not that good so you might have to tap into your young talent a little earlier to see what you got. Yep. Right. They got some capable players that could be up for trade. Randall is a capable player. He is good. I don't think he fits with an, I mean they had great moments, you know the Christmas day game and went crazy. They had a moments.


Yeah but to build around that you don't want that long time an no you just extended Rudy so he gonna be there for a while and Mike is damn near 40 so it's time to give, you know, give some other people a look. Yeah and it's probably be sooner than later. I mean I don't think this team is gonna go anywhere in the playoffs. If they do I think they'd be a playing team. Yeah, I was gonna say at least by Allstar break we should see more Rob Dohan, Tara Shane Jr. Yeah like we need to see what the young talent could do for sure because you got these rotational pieces that while some are proven it ain't working right now and you gotta see what you got going for next year. And also like you said, small market team, you better keep Ed happy. Yeah And I think like you gotta keep happy like you might as well ride it out like Nas Reed see if Nas Reed can play the four.


Yeah. You know what I mean? I like Julius Randall but let's see if we can do something with Nas Reed save a lot more money. He's already on a team friendly contract. Then you got Nikia Alexander Walker who's a capable player but you got Dante. Deep chance of both of them are good trade pieces. Yeah. Their contracts are not too crazy and both can help other teams. Yeah. Na, NA Fish the Timberwolves better than Ju Run for sure. Yeah. Facts. But you gotta premier him 'cause you know what you gotta do. Yeah You gotta be able to either move on from him or keep him as an asset. For sure. And has been very, you know what I'm saying, public about how he feels recently boy racking up these fines man going crazy in these post game interviews cussing they said shit, he toned it down or so he just keep being himself.


Adidas probably paying for it. It's fine. Can't you pay that through turn up? Nah, you gotta kind of tone it down a little bit because you know like when you catching a vibe and you the you the one people, they look for you to come down, they wanna tear you down. Everybody when you get to the top it's only one way to go and that's down. So they gonna look for every bit of thing to try to, you know, tear him down a little bit. So just keep playing it Cool. I mean we get it. That's what we loved him for last year. Yeah. Him being raw in the interviews, turning it up, joking, just you know, come off a little different kind of how we gotta do In The Morning show we be whiling at night, then we come in here, we gotta try to tone it down a little bit but just tone it down 'cause the kids is watching Shout to the kids.


Yeah. I wonder what the, the podcast find is. Who? The commissioner of the podcast game. Oh Lord Joe button Joe. But you know who do interviews really well like after the game? Who? Cole Anthony. What his after view after the game interviews be lit. Right. I think he hit the game winner yesterday. He did? Yeah. His after the game interview was funny as Hell. Any shot bad too. Yeah. So for him to have that confidence still at the end of the game it was fire But like the play being written up for somebody else and he was like yeah and then I just took the ball. I went to go Oh it wasn't his point. Nah, now let's talk. That was, that was a solid game yesterday. Magic got the next 1 0 2, they came back down from 21.


Listen man, we talked about, I dunno if he'll get be a coach mos bro. He gotta get some coach year consideration bro. They are winning games bro. No matter what the situation is. Yeah. Like you said Cole Anthony had a situation where he wasn't in the rotation, waited his turn, got back to it. Yeah. And that game went yesterday. Hilarious. And he is like, dude the play was not drawn off for me. That's but I made that bitch happen. I was watching it but he wasn't shooting the ball. Well and not, that's not why I cut it off but I just didn't think I didn't know. Yeah It was, yeah floating for game is hilarious. Yeah He kept for play. That's not for me. Shout out to Cole. That's Fine. Outta pocket. I fuck with that. Yeah that's a different type of confidence. And he just a cool dude though. Yeah He super cool. Yeah, super personal. So He probably keep that locker room lit, you know what I'm saying?


You can tell how happy everybody be for him when he have his moments. Hell yeah. He like a cool dude. That's what I like. Yeah I love him. Kind of people like damn everybody be hype when he have his games. Yeah. Yeah bro. If I wasn't a Patriot fan I would, I would definitely be all in on Orlando magic bro. I like the, I like the culture they got built. I like the way they play basketball. It don't matter who's on the court, everybody play hard. It seem to be selfish. Like you said they celebrate for each other like that. Yeah. Especially a young group like that. Celebrate for everybody get paid now they're just like, let's go hoop. And I, you gotta applaud that Bro. That was good. He kept his mental strong though because I'm sure his dad, he get wicked. His dad probably too kept him helping him to stay grounded too because that's a, that's a lot. Yeah, that's a up and down wave. Yeah, just think about it like every year they drafted a guard.


Yeah. Yes. Jalen Suggs came before, after you got there And then what's that? Anthony Black and like for him not to even have no kind of hate or nothing be like championing them dudes. Like when Jalen Suggs got paid, he was hype for him. Yeah. He had different kind of cat. 'cause I ain't gonna lie, I've been, that's rare bro. I've been like yo, oh y'all got a trade me though, Like Guard. You know what I mean? We got three point guards and then last year they had Markel too. People forget that. Yeah. You just maxed somebody out like nah, Markel Was playing last year. Yeah. And was playing solid too. I'm surprised you know his situation. I hopefully he gets some the roster this year. Yeah it is very shocking that he is not on the roster but that's how the NBA work man. For sure man.


Yeah that was a crazy game yesterday. KC took care of the grid yesterday. 1 31 0 6 and I ran off 11 straight in a row. Man. HGA is looking like the MVP 35 7 6. He's overdue man. He's overdue. They, they cheated him last year. He gotta get the a VP this year bro. Think, I mean he's early but the boys is different. 11 in a row is tough man. Boys is different man. It's all I gotta say man. 31 5 and six man. Yeah, yeah A VP that shoulda got last year but he damn sure better get it this year. Especially if they keep it going though. If they keep anything can happen after Allstar break. So most definitely. Let's go to the settings in the west if you don't mind please. They gotta, they gotta keep that motion going though for sure.


Come on bro. They got a six game win streak. I mean six game like above second place in the west. Yeah, you got the grizzlies at 22 and 11. Nah, I'm saying we just still under 40 games in the NBA, you know what I'm saying? So hopefully everybody can stay healthy and they can keep the train rolling for sure. Nah, what he doing with his number two being out? I don't know if he two or three Jalen Williams can be too. I don't know him and check in, go back and forth I guess. Yeah. But for him being out and see what they doing with him out, it's crazy. I mean that coach over there he could be candidate for Coach of the Year again. Most definitely. Yeah. Because what he is doing with that team is amazing and having one of your better players out for most of the year. And then for SGA to be doing what he is doing, y'all right, he might need to be in the talks for the top of the MVP ladder.


Oh that's for sure bro. As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future.


It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level.


Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu. Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial.


No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today. When the time comes to plan your next big getaway. Know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it. The thrills at their 15 world class theme parks followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando.


Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need. For an amazing getaway,


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


And shout out to him because like you said, they, they had their whole defensive scheme based around, you know, centering it and pushing the check and he's like, all right I don't got che so now I'm playing all smaller wings or all jars and the concept ain't changed. Like you gotta respect that he adjusted early in the season. They're still successful. A lot of coaches don't adjust it all, they just deal whatever they got and see how the cars fall. But I mean they got they big back too though. It was a blessing in disguise when Chuck got hurt because Isaiah Stein got a chance to play. Yeah, yeah. But yeah, he came back perfectly at the right time. Yeah. The way he plays fit them perfectly. Yeah, but he didn't come on in and disrupt anything. Mm nah. It should be interesting when get back. I would like to see how they play if they play too bigs or they play, you know, Stein off the bench or my sleeper boy whatever.


And they so versatile to like, like you said, depending upon a matchup when they playing bigger teams like they playing then the nuggets and shit like that. You can play have both of 'em on the court at the same time. But if you need to switch off and stagger they minutes, that's still tough to get full energy from Chet and Isaac like Yeah that's crazy. And the Knicks, we questioned them like letting him walk like that but man so far the Knicks, they, I can't say shit about them. Everything they have done has worked to perfection. So good move for both of them. M Isaiah's thriving out there and they got Ka. Yeah they ain't complaining at all. Yeah. Yo Hawks man took care of the rappers. 1 36, 1 0 7 for the last five Trey Young. 34 and 10. Yeah. Where we at in the standards man we, we really starting to build something over there. Rere got seven I believe. Yeah, no Pocket five.


Excuse me. Five. You know what I mean? I win it last night so I don't know. Is Trey Young Allstar Tre stats please because if we talking about K Cunningham being an Allstar, ain't no way Trey Young ain't You go on this run. I'm just saying 22 and 12. That's tough. How we not an Allstar? That's tough. How are we not a Allstar? Is he the All Star or the Hawks? Not a Allstar 22 and 12 New War. How are we not a Allstar? I'm just saying we over here talking about K Cunningham. How is he not a Allstar? Hey go to K cu numbers again Please. I'm sorry Mike got work today. I think we deserve a Allstar bid for Trey Young. I wouldn't be mad at Jalen Johnson split The screen.


I wouldn't be mad if Jalen Johnson made the All Star team. I wouldn't at all. Swear I wouldn't. That's a fact. 24 and 10. Trey Cole though. 22 And 12. Yeah We fifth in the East. Okay, the east. That's the let's go to the, the red laws. It's a little close. What is it? Two games? Yeah bro. Trey what Trey doing? Betray Just killing bro And he never get the respect he deserves. I wouldn't be Madre 18 me bro. Yeah it just him and Jaylen over there. I mean Hunter Hunter is killing. I know what you saying. This is like competing Andre Hunter is having off. Nah. Yeah I'm just Saying hell of A year. Put the Hawks nowhere near in the playoffs. Nobody cared. Like They have no more pick.


We didn't even talk. They could have been no Hornets this year. Nobody would've cared. Yeah. Before what I'm saying. So for him to be willing that team to Fifth is that special bro. Yeah they having a Jalen Johnson's having a gray year, Deandre Hunter and Trey Young. We got a three headed monster that's playing really well right now. We just gotta continue to keep it going. But Trey Young should be an Allstar and I wouldn't be mad if Jalen Johnson made so either one of them could make it. But I think Trey Young probably deserve it. No, I respect that for sure. I Would. Clint Capello whacking in them Double doubles too. Hey, shout out to the Blind boy. Mission consistent. Honestly outside of like maybe honest and somebody else, I, I'll say open court. Jalen Johnson one of the best players I've seen transition to NBA in a long time, bro. He's so fast, unstoppable. He's so fast and athletic. Yeah bro it's it is.


It is wicked man. Shout out to the Hawks. I show some love. You talked about de Hunt killing this year. Is he a Trey piece or do you keep him around? Gotta keep me six man a year. Like I think we can Trey bogey. Hey young too. Bogey can go. Gotta keep down. Bogey can go. I only ask that question 'cause I, I've seen a lot of people say like you know he's a person who could go to a contender or a playoff team bitch make a real big difference. Oh he shit you average 20 points for us. Difference. He can make a difference. He can make a difference for sure. He's the difference for us. Like he's six men of the year. I know they probably give the Payton Pri just because of the Celtics record. But if you really go look Way, get rid of Bog and Capella and probably some more people. Yeah. He's way more valuable US Court alone though.


Okay. But I think D Hunt, Jaylen Johnson and Trey gotta stay. We can get somebody for Clint Bogey to move on young Zachary. He's all right. He gonna be good. Yeah, he gonna find his way. I keep, I was gonna say that's crazy. Weeks ago we was talking about free reon and now it's like damn. I mean it still young court. I mean you know how it, it changed, it changed every couple weeks. You know how it was two weeks ago. It just looked unhappy at first. But I think they found a rhythm and I think they got comfortable. I mean last year was tough for Trey having Deonte. Yeah. With him. But now I think him having a role of being a primary guy ball handler again, you got comfortable again. And a lot of you people who were saying, you know what I'm saying, Trey, Trey keep Deonte who that take is age and terribly.


Unless they were saying that for him to go with you Weby. Yeah. I mean people just wanted to see that dynamic. Weby with a dynamic point guard. I'm not saying cp not CP is but they just want a young guy. Yeah. That they can grow together with. I was looking more like De Aaron Foxman. Look Mike Brown got fired man. Crazy sound extension last summer I went with to details of that contract is because I'm sure he probably got a nice payday out the door. Yeah. But hey don't fire me after practice like before you get to the team playing and shit. Don't do that bro. But who cares? I'm like brown, I'm like I don't give a Fuck. Yeah. There's really no good time to lemme go. Yeah but don't fire fire me before I go to work. Like don't have me use my gas to drive into work. Didn't tell me this my last, I could have stayed at home bar people, People who work regular jobs.


I think that's how it goes too. We're gonna let you work your Shift and that's crazy. Yeah, They, they might have let me go at Walmart. I got fired from Work 10 hours I got fired from. They gave me that slip. I got, you know that's How I go. My best friend fucking charge y'all. That's hr. My best friend dad had to fire me in my job. Shout out to Mr. Hogan. He said yeah just don't come back Jeff. It Made sense though Bro. I said, what do you mean? He was like, yeah, yeah you guys are doing a lot up here. Yeah, it makes sense. You were stealing though. I was working. I work my shift nigga. I ain't get fired for stealing. It was A, it was a scam ring going on.


Rico, Rico Martin. He was Woody hard. I was a good employee. Can't work or anything. I don't know who I, I don't know if people still alive pass away or jail. So I ain't gonna call no names but the leader of that was a female. Oh. She had going blaming it on the Queen. I ain't gonna lie. The crazy thing we This weekend keep going, keep going. Crazy. Crazy thing she did. We go get back to basketball. Uhuh ain't hoop. She could have though. Nevermind. She used to tell me to buy Kit Kats.


Right. So no offense but people will come through. Certain people would come through and they wouldn't ask for their receipts when they buy stuff. Right. So she will avoid the whole, you know, transaction. Yeah. They'll buy $300 worth of groceries. She'll just void it. 'cause they wouldn't ask for their receipt and she'd be like, ask one of the, I was a cart dude or a cashier. They'd be, hey come through here and buy something. I come through, buy a bunch of candy, like two Kit Kats give her a 20. She would change me out to 300. Damn. And then I'm like, well the first time she did it she's like, meet me in my car. I'm like, hell no, She paid for that.


Was like, why you gimme that? She like, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I mean I got in the car, I'm out. Well you should have went for that three. Nah, I took it. I was, she didn't get the three, I got the three. She like, she, she was, that's my drawer. Your drawer drawers short on you. You gave me that change back. That's crazy bro. Yeah. What you was Mr. Ho had to make the color? Hey bro. Yeah, then she had to talk to me. She like man you gotta give me some of that man. Ah wow bro, that's not how this work. You just told me to pull up and buy some nigga was scam and steal a bit. Thank God for growth man. The bar Rico's lys. I got outta that though. That was my one time man.


The Kings, I don't, do you think the Kings need to just go ahead and free D Foxman? I mean, it'd probably be best for them. I don't think they wanna, he already made it clear that he didn't like the way the organization was going because they always is unstable. They don't know if it's gonna be a winning coach or whatever. And then you fire your head coach. That's too obvious that y'all don't know where y'all want to go, what direction y'all want to go. And he already said he is not gonna sign back if he don't feel like he can win. So at this point it's time to let him go. Let him go do something different. 'cause obviously y'all in rebuild mode or y'all trying to figure out which direction y'all want to go. I think it's telling that every coach talked about that situation. They was just like, yeah of course they fired Mike Brown 'cause this organization is shit.


And everybody was saying that. I'm like, there's something to be said about that. Even back when Vladi was running the show and they had to draft board online and stuff, they're very unserious organization. The light, the beam stuff was cool. He got them to the playoffs. They hadn't been there in a long time. Yeah, but they've regressed with the situation and I don't know how they, like you said, if you bring in a new Virginia, you gonna have to wipe everything out. And Dre Fox don't deserve to go through that. Especially some of the other players. They already said you don't want to go through it. So yeah, that should be a telling sign. Y'all might as well try to get something that y something good back for him right now. I mean he got one more year on his deal before he could be an unrestricted free agent, whatever, but, and look, they 12 right now so you gonna probably get a lottery pick. Which, you know, we've seen them blunder before but, and I ain't gonna lie, they like there's some good guards in the, the draft this year.


You get a Dylan Harper. Mm. You can get, even if you got a Ace Bailey, you can always get a a decent point guarding free agency. I mean Tys Jones would be a free agent. Some of these guys who can play. Yeah, but you can find a guard. I mean and you might get able to get one back in the trade whoever they trade 'em to, you trade 'em to Miami. You can get Terry Rje back for sure. I you trade him to a team you could definitely get I I like that a lot of stuff with him. Reuni with band. That would be fire. Yeah, that'd be super far. Like even if you trade him to San Antonio, you get a Trey Jones back and they got a plethora of guards over there. Most definitely young guys. Wesley, what's his name? Blake Wesley. Like Wesley. Yo, you got a bunch of young guys that's over there that's looking for an opportunity and y'all gonna be in Rebo or rebuild mode anyway.


I tell you right now we get, we get Fox Castle Wind as a young chord. That's fire show for sure. Yeah. Dlo back in Brooklyn. Man you, you definitely caught the situation early on. Yeah I thought it would be for Dennis shooter but obviously it didn't go that way. But Dlo, I promise you he gonna average 20 points back in Brooklyn. Yeah, he's free. He got under, he's under he's, he's outta that LeBron mode. Whatever he doesn't play with LeBron man. I mean he had a decent year last year. Shot the ball well. But he is one of those guys that need the ball in his hand and be able to be able to create, play free and that's what he is gonna be able to do in Brooklyn. Yeah Y love to had a solid NBA career. Yeah. Hell yeah. No expectations to get out there and hoop out de low over 10 K points. He gonna, he about to kill.


Yeah, he gonna average 20. I was dying man, Nick Young sweet last night he was just like, and stay out. Don't come back to la cracking up Nick Young. I respect that though. He petty. It's up, it's up for life. Yeah, It's, that's a different kind of bitch. Shout man. Welcome, welcome to Brooklyn man, welcome Back. Welcome back. And that's crazy. They said the next to go is Cam Johnson. Obviously Dorian Finney Smith was shipped to LA in that situation with Shake Melton LA sent it up for a couple second round picks as well. But they said Cam Johnson is the next to go. They are asking for somewhat like the King's ransom for him right now. They won a couple picks and talent for him. I can imagine. I think he's a really quality player. I talk about him a lot on here but I just think he fits every team.


Yeah sort of like Dorian Spinney Smith, he's, he fits anybody team and I think the Lakers did a good job by picking him up. Yeah he can guard anybody. Yeah he And they need that. He plays well with Superstars and LeBron obviously and ad superstars. He not to fit that role. Play defense hit corner thirties so it's a great pickup for the Lakers for sure. Do you think that they're done making moves? Do you think they might, you know obviously Austin Re's probably gonna be the def facto point guard. Do you think they make another move after this or do you think they're just gonna stay put for a second? I don't think there's no more moves they can make. Okay. I mean unless y'all gonna go get D Fox. But then that's a whole different story. You gotta give up Austin Reeves a bunch of picks. I don't know if even know if they got picks.


Yeah they got a couple late. I was gonna say if you can give up ar and picks to get D Foxton, you won. But people love ar. Yeah they love Fox too. He liked the poor man Luca Donker. Yeah he gotta shoot too. Which is crazy. Yeah he the poor man. Luca White boy. Y'all got It. You don't think he the poor man Luca, if you really watch him play, the way they play is very similar. He just not as big and strong. And why I say poor man 'cause he don't score as easy. Yeah. But the way he make people shift and move and how he uses his body and create space and he a really good passer too and he make tough shots. He like the poor man Lucas and most importantly he plays well with LeBron and if you gonna be on LeBron team you have to play well with LeBron pretty much that's the most important attribute.


Pretty much for sure man. A couple NFL scores run through this morning. The Bills beat the sleeves off the jets 40 to 17 ERs Care the Saints 25 to 10 on speaking of that, did Y see Aaron Rogers? Yeah. What he do? He's funny bro. He like shit y'all might as well play this young nigga shit. I don't, he set himself out, pulled himself out the game. The Jet are unserious organization Man play Tyro. I did that before play Tyro. Oh you get Ty Johnson minute. I said man Aaron Robinson the gold. I'm like man we suck. We suck man. Shout to Ryan Clark man I feel you. Nasty Shout we love you Rod. Y'all know how we feel about the people. Shout Rock Clark man Aaron Rogers.


Aaron Rogers be on bullshit and I love him. Yeah he'd be on bullshit. He really don't care though. He Don't care bro. Nigga pull his himself out the game Bro. You know what's crazy when he finally retire and he goes on back, if he show time it's gonna get real wicked wherever he wants man. He gonna say whatever he wants to. He already be on that now man. Oh shit. That was hilarious. Raiders beat the say 25 to 10 Giants. Beat the Cols 45 to 33. We gonna talk about that. The end of this show. The Eagles beat the sleeves off the Cowboys 41 to seven Saquon Barkley will break the record next week. Eric Dixon was just like, I hope he does not break it. Sorry sir. He cracked 2000 yards right? Yeah but he's gonna beat the, he gonna get that record bro gets the Giants all he needs is 101 yards bro.


Yeah he's gonna get that 'cause the Giants are the Giants for sure. Yeah, the Bucks beat the Panthers 48th to 14 belt to ass. Ja. Beat the tightest 2013 Dolphins beat the Browns 20 to three get well soon. Jamis Vikings beat the Packers 27, 25 hell of a game. And the commander took secure of the Falcons yesterday 30 to 24. That was a crazy Sunday night game. Playoff clinch for them. Right. Yeah man that was a hell of a game yesterday. And listen man, young Penn looked decent yesterday but you know what I'm saying. Lost in ot y Dayton Danish boy he's a realist. Couple games tonight. Let me know how y'all feel. Which way? Bulls at Hornets. Hornets. Okay, real quick. What you got? I got the Bulls. Got the Bulls turned up. Knicks at Wizards.


Knicks? Yeah I got Knicks. Okay. Slippers at Pelicans clips nuggets at jazz nuggets. Oh you taking to Jazz. Okay. End of the year off strong warriors at calves. Calves warriors. I'm gonna go Warriors. 76 ERs at Blazers. Sixers What? Not be watching Blazers, Sixers. Oh we taking the Blazers. That's tough. I'm gonna see what the odds are. Might take that money line off GP Mavs at Kings M Listen man, nah win actually because you know people play on the high when they coach. You fired. Yeah. Niggas be hype.


Shit crazy. They might play they guys bro. Ain't lying though. That's true. Yeah, I'm gonna go with the king. That's so crazy because who was it last year? They was dancing after they coach after I got fired. Yeah they was in the la Yeah that's that's crazy. I'm telling Yeah listen, verify buckets. A lot of people was acting this weekend and yesterday be he had, who was getting to it? I'm taking my boy Ian Jackson. Yeah, he had 26 last night. I know that's not on our list but I know take a shit. His first career start for my alma mater that, that was big for us last night. So shout out to Ian. We was talking about the OT athletes. He, he, he proved us wrong yesterday. Shout To Ian Jackson made me getting some, some running last games and he has been producing, he is one of the first OTE guys that graduated last year to have a big game.


So yeah, I'm happy for him. I did an interview with him before so pretty dope. Shout to Ian get Buck. I think they played Campbell last night. Yeah, yeah he went Crazy. I gotta, I gotta holler at you about some of your New York point guard rankings too. Y'all, y'all got stiff fucked up but that's for another show. Awesome. Up by Marberry. Yeah they outta pocket Bro. Oh yeah. Make sure, make sure your short circle strawberry for sure. Yeah. T who you got? I got my dog Trey Young man Hawks. We fifth in the east right now. Yeah. Playing at a high level. Trey Young doing his thing. All Star Trey. For sure. Man listen I gotta reach back to Saturday man. Jalen Brunson had 55 and nine bro. Yeah for all. As much as we've talked about Ka being phenomenal this year and he has Jalen Brunson's contact in the backseat but he still had a moment where he let y'all know that he is definitely elite for sure.


Oh, verify bucket 55. That is tough for sure. Monday morning, get well soon man. Almost at the end of year be here. Who need some encouragement to make it through Tyler Hero. You gotta put the MCM voice behind him. Get up bro. So Get up. I know that's on this list but Tyler you, you my favorite white boy but you playing crazy after that. It is wild. The post game bar was funny though because he put them glasses on. They was like boy with that, with that fade in them glasses so he might set some shit off. Man, shit might get real spooky. I ain't gonna lie. Y'all seen how I learning vibe. His vibes was You called him Michael Rap.


Well I was like damn, he started like Mike A. Little bit. Sure for the best on. I think about saying I hate Mob mom. That's crazy Mike. It well soon is to Kenny Pickett one of the worst passes I've ever seen in my life. I don't know what happens here. The ball didn't go anywhere but his feet apparently did. That shit's crazy. Like he got stuck That boy after that goo punch. That's a nasty ass pass. Yeah something got stuck. What is that called? Is that a fumble? That nigga controller died. The batteries went obsolete on that boy. I don't know what happened. That's nasty work though. Mm. Get well soon Kenny. I ain't gonna get get well soon for my boy Peyton Watson.


I like you too young fella Dam watch nice but the other twin that wasn't fighting, he hit you with a move and punched on you. Ah hey That's the one right there. That's right. The crossover was was tough though. It's one thing to cross me but then you duck on me. That's terrible. That's The one. That's the one got that crazy. Excuse me a his offensive game is crazy but they're so athletic bro. That's crazy. Yeah I hope they end up on the same team at some point. That'd be far. I want Ello and Lonzo to play on the same Team. You want Lonzo go to Charlotte. Hey that dude bro they got bring another brother bro. Make it a family of affair bro. I can see Lonzo going there next year in free agency.


That'd be fire. They don't got no backup guard either. They'll hoop out crazy together for sure. Listen, another give up song, Khaw George. Man listen, I know it was a rough weekend for a lot of people trying to defend the pain but it got ugly, precious with crazy One time Precious a chew. Oh yeah. Get wicked on the break. Hey Down be crazy. Yeah that was, that's a tick for me. Ah, if I dunk on you, I get to I I'm saying if you No, I'm saying if you dunk on No, I'm saying if you dunked on me. Oh it's a push right here. This fire the camera. What? Everything back up nigga. What? Fuck you trying to take the ball out.


Watch out. Yeah, watch out nigga. Fuck did you wrong? I always laugh if somebody get dunked on that. I always try to inbound the ball fans like come on. Nah we gonna, we gonna replay that highlight. Don't worry. Matter of fact, he probably would've dunked that 'cause I probably would've bowed him so hard. See Crazy Laker two. Oh yeah, I was known for those. Check the highlights for sure, man. Another get well soon Indianapolis Colts. Shout out to the trenches man. But y'all listen to the Giants yesterday and they weren't actively trying to win a game given their season Heads must roll next week. I know it ain't gonna be this week, but it's gotta be some changes in the city, man. It's getting real spooky because man, that's inexplicable but loose to the Giants way. I lost to 'em. Was that the last game of the season? No, they got one more, but that was a game that if they won it could have possibly kept playoff folks alive.


Oh well yeah, they get your get the get the mics back out guys. Yeah, it's time to Po Baby. Oh yeah, tri you go. Hey my dogs. I know. Yeah, I know you're catching fire on Twitter right now man. Keep Podding. Fuck what they talking about, man. That's crazy man. Get well soon to the coachs man. But listen, we got a great show lined up for y'all today at 12. Man. I be the one y'all looking for. So our Patreon for that one, but we got a year to wrap up for five 20. Drop it today at 12 p. We'll be back tomorrow morning, five 20 In The Morning. The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA member FDIC.


Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA tour split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York, and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up, it's golf.


This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 OMG. As a Delta Sky Miles member, you already know how to experience the world like no one else. Now with skymile experiences, you have special access to a collection of unforgettable events from concert backstage passes and courtside seats for your favorite team to one of a kind dining wellness retreats and more. All available by using your miles. Now is your moment to unlock more once in a lifetimes and find an experience for you on delta.com/sky miles experiences, not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis from $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money quality guarantee, every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.