(2s):
Oh tasty High note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I am practicing my new baritone sacks.

(7s):
I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this, leafblower PayPal could pay for your purchase. The great PayPal checkout, No purchase necessary end July 18th. See official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 in eligible purchases per Cart.

(30s):
When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.

(1m 19s):
The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than C RV and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it. April 26th, that Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation.

(1m 54s):
Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, That's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh and he stumbles Oh right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eat his protein packed ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos stronger makes everything better.

(2m 26s):
The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host name is DJ Wells. Sorry for our absence yesterday. We was on the roll with it, but we all here this morning. We got Bishop Young Nacho five 20 Mook Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's up man? Glad to be back. Yo, it's good. Good on man. We had a good time. Bishop Day ain in Philly. Man. Can't wait. T y'all see the content that came from that man. But that's it. Straight to it man. We missed a lot this weekend. First and foremost man. Get Well Soon than Dame man. Unfortunately we got the report of Dame torn Achilles. Man sucks to see that man. He fought back for that team doing with blood clots and for him to have this type of injury. Man, it is awful man. Prayers up to Dame man. We wish him a speedy recovery as well.

(3m 7s):
We see a lot of people talking like that might be the last of Dame. Y'all got Dame messed up man. Yeah, he gonna take his time and get right back. He gonna be on that court doing what he does best. For sure. How old is that? I believe Damon 35. 34. 35. I'm not saying it's the last of dang, but damn that's a tough injury. Yeah, he got like 35 Age tough time. Yeah. Yeah. This why when you get hurt bro, just chill bro. That's your blood cots. Yeah, just Chill bro. 'cause something else always happen bro. When you get a major injury, try to come back too fast. That's very true. We've seen over the years, You know even if it's lacking condition it could be a freak situation. But we've seen other players come back from major in playoffs that have worse things happen. But of course man prayer is up for Dame man. He's going bounce back strong for sure. Luckily his game isn't like too athletic to where it's predicated him being above the rim.

(3m 49s):
So. Yeah. Yeah we know that jumped shot ain going nowhere. We at all. Steph Curry won teammate of the year. That's fire. Yep. That's a fire. That's award. It just people rock To that much. Man. Man. Where all these awards? It's like Boyfriend day, girlfriend day on Instagram. Where are all these awards Popping up? Are the NBAs, You know they running it up. Let's get this content baby. Yeah, I mean they always had teammate of the year award though. Oh okay. I didn't, I'm genuinely asked. I legit did That. I think Mike Connie won it a couple times. Yeah. Oh okay. Most definitely. Yeah. Damn that's a, that's a hell of a award though. I mean it's it's fitting though. Yeah because he do keep that team together though. Even How he politely told Dre Mike don't shoot that shit in the corner. Like for him to have that type of discernment bro. People rocking him. Oh I made that up.

(4m 29s):
Mike Conley never win. He won a sportsmanship. Oh sportsmanship. You know he won something nice guy Award or Some shit. Ah yeah that's overrated. Leave the league in text. We leave the league and be nice. Turn up Mike. Y be mad if y'all got a sportsmanship award. Sportsmanship award with y'all hoop. Yes. Nah that shit, You know people like him. They get good ass jobs after they done like everybody like Mike, he never got a tech like he probably gonna work for the GR leaves Ohio State. He gonna do some shit like that as soon as he done. Definitely. Oh yeah, for Sure. Mike one of the nicest people on earth. Man. If you don't like Mike Conley, something wrong with you. Yeah, Mike is like a mayor. He like a mayor type of person. Yeah that's why him and Steph Curry.

(5m 11s):
Yeah. Yeah. I mean obviously Steph is Steph but I'm just saying everybody like them dudes. What about Draymond? Yeah, he got Sportsman. Shit was out there. He quiet teammate of the year though. Probably on the other side though. Shit. Holding shit down Dylan Brooks. Yeah. Yeah. You named your first team all villains. I'm just saying it's like different sides of that shit. But People you like to play with. Everybody they Lock in on your team for sure. You probably ain't gonna like them like you would like to play with Mike Pauls and you would like to be like play against them. You don't care. He just a good guy all around. Yeah. You probably don't like Draymond when you play against him. You might not, some people might not like playing with him.

(5m 51s):
He he, he demand a lot bro. Yeah well but he, he he know how to win but he demand a lot bro. Well we seen a record of somebody not like Dre Mond. That's What I'm saying. Like it's people like he be cussing Buddy Hill and shit out bro. They probably don't enjoy that but I mean Yahoo. Would y'all, would y'all like to play with somebody not just saying we love Dre Mond but just a player like that or would That be different? Yeah, I'm on the rock going because I ain't soft bro. You yell at me. I'm black bro. I'm yell at you and we going to finish hooping. Yeah. Yeah. Some people don't like that. Right. That's why I asked y'all people can't take that from I think shit funny. So I laugh at that nigga. I Man, calm your ass down. Damn. Look at the recipients. He got step this year obviously.

(6m 30s):
Mike Conley last year. Drew two years in a row. Dame got one of 21 Drew again 20 boy, they need to rename this up. Duke holiday. He stacking him up. Mike Ley a teammate of the year. Yeah, Jamal Crawford at 18. I told you Mike won a couple times. Y'all made me look like I was retarded or something Redacted. What you mean? Like I was slow. Mike hate it on you. Yeah, correction Them them are some, them are some good guys up there though. These Are all really good guys. See Gil, look at Jamal Crawford up there 18 with the timber wolves. Yeah Duro. Yeah those all Vince solid guys. I Don't know. I don't know how he won it that year. 18? Yeah. Y'all teammate one job.

(7m 11s):
Yeah That's what I said. He went whole locker room down. It was so Crazy. We was just having this conversation about Jamal. He was, He was pissed at that time. Oh my bad. The locker room vibes went solid. Yeah he wasn't really happy with Tiff at this time. You know I don't know how he won that. Oh then I know he wasn't happy and I loved Jamon that boy a it out of 5 million and took the minimum somewhere. He gotta be mad to do that. Yeah, Yeah. Especially on the tail end. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. I don't even know where he went after that. Yeah, you hate it here. Yeah I'm go Get a minimum deal instead of this five because I don't want, he said I do not it here Because I don't want be around be around you. Very Simple. For real. I mean real, just be real comfortable with life.

(7m 52s):
You do some shit like that. You real comfortable with life. He Doesn't get to play as much as he wanted. He, he's a real basketball head too. He wants to play bro. Yeah, you gotta think Tibs only play they five starters. Yeah he a sub in T. He come to get you. Hey Tibs ain't even I was broke. Good but get back Tips ain't even do with JJ Redick. Yeah T though. Call back. Yeah T yeah I I remember I Was ready. I was You get back. I owe, I Owe but what's crazy Jam mark car last game 50 Ball. Yeah I ain't have, yeah I feel him. Yeah. I ain't trusting no bitch bro. I can still get 50. He used to be like man y'all coming to sub in Already Be like yeah You remember rookie year Put your hand down.

(8m 38s):
Dig in my, You remember my year Jamon team in the year Shake my hand boy Come to get you For sure That boy was frustrated. Oh man. And Jeff, who are some of your favorite teammates? I Think you may know a couple off hand but Man I was cool with everybody. Shevin Mack one of my guys. Hell Kyle Corver was cool Al Horford but then I love Jason Tatu. Kimball Walker them was my guys shit. PJ Tucker Tuck shit I played with a hella people. Yeah You got, you seen had a good relationship. Them with Everybody. Yeah. Jimmy Tus Wig.

(9m 21s):
That was my guys. Mm I know Gorgie Gorgie man that's my, that's my dog. I count Josh A legend, Josh, George Ne Yang, Minnie Van, Anybody else from the Pacer? I fuck with Miles D Rose. D Rose is my dog. I had hella teammates I fuck with. Yeah you Play with a lot of people. What about you Mo? Who you, Who you fuck with? Joe Johnson? Josh, lemme forget them dudes too. My All so D Rose. D Rose was my people. Andre Bl, that was my dog. Shout to Andre Bl. That was my dog man. He one of us.

(10m 1s):
Yeah, Rick Hamilton super cool. Took care of me. Nate Rob was cool. I had a lot of cool teammates. KG Paul Pierce. They was super cool. Yeah. You had some fire vets in your locker room? Yeah I had some, some good vets boy but Kg probably he a top tier teammate bro. That's one of 'em people you wanna go to bat with but you don't wanna play against him. But if you on his team he's riding Paul. That was crazy For sure. Speaking of one of your favorite teammates, man Jimmy came back yesterday and handled business yesterday as the Warriors took a three one league against the young Rockets man 27, 6 and five from Jimmy play off Jimmy's in effect he, he scored 14 in the fourth quarter and the Warriors combined scored another 13.

(10m 46s):
So he really, really took over in that fourth. Brenda pki Hooped out yesterday with 26, 5 and five. Steph had 17 Cinco Who crazy yesterday 31, 10 and five and Fred Van Fleet had 25 and six. He was hoop yesterday. I think he never hit eight threes. Man. What's going on man? Play off Jimmy. That's what they brought him here for bro. Yeah, He said he liked basketball again. He got his joy back. You Can see it bro. He got his money. Yeah, it's always fun when you get paid Bro. That's where my happiness lies. Yeah, For real. Before we even talk about the game, please roll a clip man. Shout out to Dre Mont Green yesterday. He had a great stop at the end of the game. No, no not that one. No, no that ain't it. Oh we can play that one. That's fine. We can play the stop.

(11m 26s):
I'll say that over. Forget one. So sorry my bad. Lock up for game that Grace said he don't be doing out there doing nothing. Yeah, I like how Reggie Miller gassed that shit up. That was a regular defensive play Time it though. He said you gonna iso me lock that shit Up for game. But I'm gonna, if I did that I'm gonna gas it too though. Me too. So good timing bro. Yeah bro. He been killing our game bro. I locked you up for game. It just, they shout to my dog man. That's my guy right there. Bat nigga Veteran shit. Yeah Dre Pop your shit not gonna score on me.

(12m 6s):
Yeah I'm bro he scored on him all game. He had 34 and 10 was hoop But when it mattered You didn't score For Sure man they just, they just too, too savvy for them man. It was that veteran shit bro. It's over with Man. Now after the game Draymond said that Jimmy saved their season. I think we all feel the same way. He asked That He said as he said it. Oh he did save their season they were cooked. Yeah, Right When they got did the showed up we was just like yep, well chime the free stuff. Yeah now they about to advance to the second round man. Yeah, That's crazy man. It's good defense though.

(12m 48s):
Oh yeah. Oh yeah Dre good. Stop The defense Man. I don't think gon mad about the shot. He got good defense though. He stood him up. Yeah, at the free throw line. Yeah, he made him too. He would right. He got a little closer probably would hit, he probably would've scored but Dre man did a good job of standing him up. So that is good defense though. Most definitely. Now I wanna ask y how y'all feel about the Young Rockets team this fourth quarter. They got real shaky Sha Gun and Fred Van Fleet were the only ones getting active yesterday. That was one of those guys where Jalen Green needed to step up and we didn't see that yesterday. That's What I was about to say. We're that's we Jalen Green bro. Yeah you can't give us 41 night come back next night. Like you gotta be consistent bro.

(13m 29s):
I told you 25 bro. I mean he a young player but this is a moment where you look at they team and you say okay we're right here. We a, we a good team, we got some quality pieces. Do we need Kevin Durant? Yes. Do we need somebody that we can go to in the late game? A late game scorer bro. They need what we know in the fourth quarter that he can get us 10 points. So now you look at it, it's like damn I might need Kevin Durant. Yeah you look at that roster, I know people kind of up and down about it but Jabari Smith has played pretty soft for them. Yeah, he's been solid for them. I think some of the young talent gonna have to be for your next role player or a superstar. Possibly you Need a fourth quarter score, you need Joe Johnson or something bro. Okay. You need that. So I think their plan is probably to get Kevin Durant.

(14m 11s):
I know k what? 36? Yeah he gonna play till he 40. So y'all win now mode because they right there though. If y'all get him, y'all win now mode. Ain't nothing wrong with being in that mode. Okay, so on this roster, who would you offer up? Obviously they going Phoenix needs Picks, right? I'm not, I'm not offering shit really because Oh they gotta move kd. Okay. They can't run it back with that squad. That is a fact. It doesn't work. So I got picks and I might have a young player but it sound crazy. But you can low ball Phoenix right now. Yeah because they, they can't run it back bro. Yeah it's too bad. Like you can't run run that same team back.

(14m 52s):
Right. Yeah they have to take draft capital, they have to take whatever is given to 'em at this point and obviously it's not what the fair value for Katie is but You know this is just the cost of business at this point. Yeah you gonna have to take two picks, maybe a, a swap and a role player. You can't pay that much money to that team and be that bad so. Oh Yeah, it is quiet. They already talking about potentially waving or waving, stretching for Bradley Bill. So yeah they trying to do something over there but Rocket Team got the assets. We talked about it man unfortunately experienced is not on their so right now the Warriors are just Handling business. Yeah it's too polished bro. It's too polished. They ain't never been here before. Yeah this good for the Rockets bro. Yeah nah yeah it is real good. They get Kevin Durant though. That solidified him right there. Yeah. Jalen Green never can have eight points though.

(15m 33s):
Yeah. Yeah. No Matter what, even though it's 25 minutes, we, this is a Damer elimination game. You gotta, you gotta roster to the occasion for sure. And that's what we were talking about him being a star. Yeah. Or just being a good player. Yeah And obviously we know he good, he can have moments where he get 40 points and stuff but that's where he take that leap. Is he going to be no shade to Jamal Crawford but is he gonna be a Jamal Crawford type player who You know got star potential A star? Yeah. Everybody know him Star code or he gonna make that leap to being in that conversation with I'm a Allstar every year. Yeah, yeah He need the K Cunningham type shit like Yeah like that type of Kade made that leap. We know K Cunningham for the rest of his career is gonna be considered a all NBA player NBA.

(16m 17s):
Right. And right now I look at Jalen Green like Jamal Crawford, like he get hot, You know he is a, he got all star potential can average 20 points. Yeah. Just streaky. Yeah. But he could have a game where he has eight or nine or 10 you whatever, You know what I mean? Yeah. I think he just need to work on his shot selection and he just gotta slow down but he takes like really hard shots. I feel like he need to figure that out this summer, watch some film or something. Do you feel like they got too much as far as like people who need the ball on this team? Mm, I don't. Nah Nah they got a really good team bro. Okay. You said they just need that one little piece bro. I think they want him to be the guy like they do but You know it's just moments like this where I mean he what he's 22 throwing pain.

(17m 4s):
Yo. Everybody see that's the thing about the NBA. We so used to seeing kids at 22 who are just so special. Like we seen Kevin Durant and all them at 22 but these are generational people. Yeah. A lot of people don't find they foot in like we compare him to Jason Tatum like Jason Tatum. That's a tough Yeah. You know What I mean? Yeah. Like a lot of people don't find a real real game until they like 24, 25 in the league now. So he got more than enough time but it just, yeah most definitely they team was better than they supposed to be. Yeah. Yeah. So now he got thrown to that light where it's like hey bro Expectations. Yeah And they wasn't supposed to be this good. Yeah they was supposed to get better. They ain't supposed to be the number two seed.

(17m 44s):
Yeah he a hell of a player. Nobody expected that but yeah he nice. Oh yeah, the talent is there for sure. Hell of a player. Yeah. Alright. The series isn't over but do y'all feel like it's over? Yeah, It's over. Okay. Yeah that was a tough one. Yeah, just throw it in the bag. Quiet was tough. Yeah. Yeah you, you lose that game. But Stefan had 17. That's tough. It's tough Baby. But they said don't let Jimmy come back. He came back so You know it was up. Hey that's a fact man. Shout out to Keem chilling. Said my favorite podcast for show. Shout out to King appreciate you. Game 99. He might me up put a hundred on there my boy. My boy got them taxes back Rock with it. Right on Keem. Keem Get a free question man. We appreciate you. Can you get your question off bro?

(18m 25s):
Man, same keem A T-shirt man. Yeah we got You the OG ones man. The black ones man. The same two joints. Send your whole family sizes man. From the babies on up. Yeah, it'll probably be the same church size. It just fit different people differently. Get Well Soon man. To the young Rockets man.

(18m 44s):
Shout out to the words who's scoring big in the NBA this season You are. With all the new ways to get in on action at DraftKings Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player Props. New customers be five bucks and get $150 at bonus bets instantly. Take us to the Rack with DraftKings Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.

(19m 54s):
Get your mother loving ears on because your big time radio DJs got news. PayPal lets you choose how you want to pay for all the stuff. With PayPal I can pay in store, pay online, or pay over time. What's that? You want this translated into song? I hope you're sitting down. You can pay your own way. You keep those ears on. You don't just pay baby PayPal. Learn more at PayPal dot com.

(20m 22s):
This is DJ Wells from Club five 20 podcast and this show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to two 50 per session, which adds up pretty fast. But with BetterHelp online therapy, you can save up to an average of 50% per session. Therapy should feel very accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything from anxiety to everyday stress. It's helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries and it empowers you to be the best version of yourself. With over 30,000 therapists, BetterHelp is the world's largest or live therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join the session with just a clickable button, helping you fit therapy into a busy life. Plus wish therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash club to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp help h eop.com/club.

(21m 18s):
When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause You know I have to have an Iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game-changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know Hypnotic is great, but describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The Hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find Hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know those quartz side seats which are available. But look, Hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.

(23m 25s):
Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home. Play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo and more. Live the cmba life@cmbacasino.com. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.

(23m 56s):
I don't even want to talk about this but we here anyway. The Cavs beat the living shit out of the Miami yesterday by 55. Yeah And a playoff game. I don't even think we need to run through stats because this is just crazy. But That should retire Pat Riley right there. It's time. Yeah It's time. Yeah it's time to go pat. That Broke the heat. Yeah. Yeah the heat 55 Points y'all. And the elimination game is crazy like From the get go the game was over bro. It Was built to ass the Tip off. I feel him though. Get this is one. This is my theory. You know y'all not about to win. Why the fuck we gotta travel back to Cleveland? Nah, I mean we could lose bro, but we gotta put up a nah like let five just embarrassed ourselves.

(24m 38s):
Let's look like we can't. They Literally just shut it down. Tristan Thompson played 12 minutes last night. Yeah, Let's just look like we can't compete. Like don't let's not make it close. If we gonna do that, we shouldn't even made it here to the playoffs. I mean we was trying the first three games we lost. See That's why I hate that playing shit. But the last game you go like real bro. Let that shit cook bro. Somebody else 55, they really let it cook bro. Yeah I'm like I would, we are not doing nothing. I, I legitly a lock, walked in the locker room and said nigga I know y'all not trying to fly back to Cleveland for one more night. Like yeah we could lose by 1555 bro. Yeah I'm With Mo. No 55 is ridiculous. I'm like hey, hey if we playing good that first quarter, let's go, let's go to work now we hoopers now we like to play but they start beating our nigga take me out.

(25m 21s):
I do not wanna fly back to Cleveland for one night and then get my ass beat. Not me either. Your Favorite, your favorite white boy guaranteed nine Sweep and went one for two yesterday. It soon to, It is Okay. Be redhead. We got the summer to get our shit together. You Jelly Green One 10 is disgusting. The Fix was in bro. Hey they really beat the head. I fuck with that. Shout to Dar Garland man. Hey I'm rolling. I told you I like that type of shit though. So I ain't going get them out there. I fuck with the heat for that. Nah, nah That's, I hate, hate the playing bro. That's why that's playing shit trash bro. Weak ass teams the fuck outta here bro.

(26m 2s):
Wasting our fucking time man. Yeah Bum ass. That shit garbage man. Hero I rock with you. Shout to ba but fuck y'all Been a haw you bum ass niggas and I would've rather seen Haws Would've lost my 55 no Going. Yeah That's crazy. Hell nah. We got heart over there nigga. 55 is crazy. You see the post Five Adam Man get rid of that shit bro. Fucking illegal. Nah he said nah, we got these fake games looking like playoff games. We locked in band post game was just like yeah it's gonna be some changes and I Bet it it's On me. It's gonna be, y'all lost my 55 bro. It's gonna be a lot of change Lot for jobs on the line. Your Ass might be changed bro. Shit nobody is safe for South Beach Man.

(26m 42s):
They got a fire pack. Yeah Pat gotta go beyond her bro. Sending to Marquette manner bro. It's time. Jesus. They not gonna do that bro. Yeah man. But let's go ahead and look forward. Obviously they took care of business. It's looking like it's gonna be a cash pace for the second round. How y'all feeling man? Cash look pretty good but the Pacers look good too man. Yeah I ain't gonna lie. It's gonna be a fun, it's it is one of the worst series. Excuse me to that ain't exciting. Like the Cavaliers verse Pace serves that shit sounds ass like I love his white boy. Y'all not do this but like Tiger Nigga like you won't even pick that on the game like nah that's a boring, I pick the boring game two, you get the pacers.

(27m 22s):
Dang ain't nobody will run but the greatest they get K that's a assy game bro. But if you watch 'em play I guess Are we two of the highest score offensive? It's an exciting game but the sounding of it is just really weak. 'cause y'all superstars really They superstars but they not like superstars. Yeah like you don't just randomly hear a kid talk about Donovan Mitchell. Donovan Mitchell. Nah, Tyrese Hallberg. So that's why it's kind of like they be Having Donovan Mitchell's shoes and don't be talking about him. That crazy Part. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like it is like Adidas gave 'em to him and then they like, I'm like who shoe you got on? They be like some Adidas they be like You know Donovan Mitchell? Yeah Bro. It's a six shoe bro. Being disrespectful. Yeah that's too hard. I'm just saying like pass out bro. We know Giannis, we know Dame, we hear them names.

(28m 4s):
Yeah so them not making to the second round. Obviously the Pacers a better team yo. They beat they ass with Dame and Y. They pacers good. The Cavs beating everybody ass. So it's gonna be a great series though. Yeah we three and one to get some this season. So I'm really excited to see that matchup. We match up with them pretty well and I'd much rather see the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Boston Celtics. We saw them last year and while though we got sweat we competed with them. Yeah if the, the Calves don't scare me. If the Patients beat the calves we gotta, we gotta put some respect on Hadley bro. I, I got respect for him now. Yeah they he the most overrated player in the league. Yeah that that was out hand. That was out hand. It has some respect. Yeah I I ain't doing that to him. Holler Burton is good and I like that he's a competitor.

(28m 45s):
He didn't duck dame. I mean obviously Dame wasn't a hundred percent he got hurt all that but he wasn't like ducking him. Nah. Yeah he wasn't guarding him either though. Out there talking crazy to them the Entire game killing. He's not a front runner. He talks shit the entire game. Well I'm rolling the Game. I watched him go out in the garden and talk shit before that game seven and gave them niggas a 20 ball. Got Lie here I don't care. I don't care if Dames hurt you. Come on this court. I'm talking shit and I'm killing so yeah bro I respect that but I do, I do like the calves in this series. It's gonna be a hell of series. I do like them 'cause they, the way they playing they locked in, they defenses all that shit. The s be doing these niggas guard bro.

(29m 28s):
I don't know what Kenny done put in they juice but these motherfuckers guard. Yeah nah it the two big motherfuckers bro. They guard bro. Jerry, Allen and Mobley bro. They protect that rim bro. They guard and that's why I feel like we got a chance in this series because that Miles Turner Jerry all match up is gonna mean so much 'cause Miles shoe three. So you gonna take Jerry dollar out the paint? Yeah. Evan Moy DPOY code. Pascal is nice. That's gonna be really like the, the eye breaker there. Yeah. Yeah that's the thing though. The thing that's great about the calves, they bigs are mobile. So Jerry Allen and Guard Pascal? Yeah. Christmas. Nah he could, he could, he Could foul Trouble. No he could put some resistance Shit for Sure bro. Jerry Allen's code But that's foul trouble bro. He gonna take him to that free throw line jab jab Bro.

(30m 10s):
Nah, he too, he same height too tall. Same quickness. He He gonna give him some resistance. Nah Jerry Allens cold. I'm never disrespecting stress. Then they can switch, they can switch one through four with miles Turner. Miles not really a poster player. Evan Mobley can guard all the guards. That's what make him good. He for sure can. Yeah it'd be a hell of a Mess. And I mean Holly and them going to get him. I mean everybody get scored on like Pascal gonna score on JR Allen but it's just resistance bro. Timely stops bro. All. So with that being said, what's the series y'all? I think it is gonna be four, two, yeah six. I think if it's a six game series, a purchase win. I don't think we win a seven game series against the Cavs. 'cause y'all had that final game at the crib and I wouldn't feel confident in that.

(30m 51s):
I Just don't think y'all gonna win in Cleveland at all. Oh we won a regular season. Aren. Yeah I talked bro After, After we played Boston last year. I fear nobody in the east bro. Yeah but that bitch be rocking. Nah that it Lit in the, in the playoffs. That shit hit different And now y'all playing a DA different Donovan Mitchell like he look like a nigga. I've been here before like he have. Yeah but he just looked it looked easy. Nah I do. He looked good. He made the heat look like who the fuck is this man he look good. And the funny part about it, they was just like damn all y'all had to do was pay Jimmy the money lost. If you gotta pay Jimmy the money you wouldn't have got swept. They would've got swept but they still lost four one. Yeah bro they, they lost.

(31m 31s):
They just a better team than them like by far. Yeah but if he was there they wouldn't be a And the thing that Pacer's always got every, everybody they always got a better bench. Not this time I was getting ready to say that's the one part I'm like ah that kind of sucks 'cause Todd Jerome be hooping de hunt be hoop Jerone Not this time Been Balling. And that's another beautiful thing Dee hunk and guard Pascal. That's true. Yeah that's a good size for Him as well. And my white boy that played for the heat, he ain't no slouch on defense. He be trying Talking about Max Drew. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Facts bring him. Nah bro he be but he be fighting though. Yeah respect He gonna fight. He not just a kill. Nah he ain't Bro. I'm tell y'all right now bro. We gonna get off the patience but Andrew and M Hart is back the playoff for him.

(32m 12s):
We good money bro. Man y'all played a hurt Milwaukee. We beat him healthy and hurt. Add up scores last years Milwaukee ass don. Really Regular season playoff. It's gonna be a good series Though. Nah for sure. I'm, I'm looking forward to it for sure. We'll move on. But super chat P show says Jeff pay DJ his money Patience up three one also who wins a hundred mid versus one gorilla That being trending is crazy. I think a hundred niggas like Mike Tyson a get him bro. But that it. Who gonna run up first bro? He dead. Somebody got five of we got weapons or they just got fists. Nah it's just had the handcuff I think every time Running up first bro he's, they gonna gorilla gonna kill all them. Did You you see them make a list of people that said that we gotta draft to fight the gorilla. They said oh nine Randy Orton, Mark Henry man Who the nigga Step on people from the Lions.

(32m 58s):
Hey Dominic. So yeah. Oh yeah we gotta get all Aren Donald. Well I don't know a hunter coked up Lawrence Taylor might beat the shit out that Girl. He crazy die. They gonna rip everybody's face off they going die bro. That's the only way though. The First person gonna get killed. Everybody gonna run faster. I agree with faster than first person gonna get killed. Like it's gonna be a bad kill too. He faster than us. He moved quicker than Us. Send a dummy out there First dummy bro. He grab that arm and rip that arm off bro. Remember how I bro Rrp listen them hundred men, how many survives? Should be the real question. Who gets to go home to their family? Maybe six. None. None.

(33m 38s):
Everybody run. Nah everybody. No you can't run. Oh You dead. I already dead bro. Yeah I ain't y'all in a big enough ring. Gotta Stay there y'all that little baby fell that he see how quick he snatched that little baby up. Yeah bro. Yeah he was dragging that mug by one finger. I don't think a hundred coked up lts and get it, get it done. Nah bro it's not enough blow in the world Bro. We ain't never seen nothing When you, when you on that blow bro. I heard you can't feel nothing bro. He He gonna feel something. He gonna feel that Likeboy. He said hey can I wear your jersey no rookie can I wear Bro though. You see how that's A good question though. It says hundred.

(34m 20s):
That's a good ass question though. I'm sure that's gonna tear the internet up. A gorilla is big as Shaq bro. Not though Bro. Way stronger bro. Stronger bro. And he just an animal bro. You Gonna have to have seen one Shaq I 1 0 9 Dwight. Yeah the draft is gonna be crazy Bro. Nah it ain't nothing you could do for that. Look at that man. A motherfucker walking on his knuckles man. He beat the, I'm nothing on how he sitting up there Say you sassy Man. What Four oh pounds bro. Niggas are going to die bro. We As to punch you so hard in your face bro. Oh No. Niggas sitting like that. We might got a chance bro.

(35m 4s):
A hundred people bro. Nah You said that's a June gorilla. That nigga stand up bro. He Got the real flag on Hill bro. A hundred niggas can get on his ass. Right. Jerry pause that one right there. They'll fuck him up. Nah bro. Get him when he is standing up. How tall Are Hey go to that one right there. That nigga Kenny Smith knees go right there. Yeah. Oh They fucking him up boy Mike whoop Nah he beat Y as Nah Mike whooping Him on me. Nah Mike what Tyson bro. Crazy Boss bro. Real body slam Mike. Nah, gorilla dude. See that's the One I fucking with. I'm two Gorilla is bro. They are huge bro. But did y see that report that allegedly Mike Tyson offered somebody $10,000 Pet Gorilla?

(35m 49s):
Nah That's not enough bro. Hell nah. 10 bad. No, Mike offered him the bread. He, It's not enough bro. That's Not Yeah Michael trying to get a little spar session in. Oh He wanted to fight the gorilla. Mike is crazy. Mike. Nah, gorilla Gorilla will kill anybody bro. There's not a chance. Shout To the super chat man. Y'all never let us down. Luis asking the super chat. Y'all think it's not his last game but I blow up the team except him but I think this game injury makes everything super tricky now. Yeah GNI ain't going nowhere. I don't think so but Yeah I think GNI still be there next year. Yeah if he does go somewhere though, that would be crazy 'cause what they gonna do with dang or what they gonna do with like roster reconstruction 'cause ain't enough if you can trade from gni. Dang damn That don't be there.

(36m 30s):
He gone Is rest bro going to shits. If GNI leave Well get ready Lord Jesus He put a banner up. That's all you can ask for bro. Ask he stayed in the small market longer than most people do. Yeah. Dang ain got another complaint about Milwaukee. Alright man. T wolfs Lakers series T wolfs up three one. Let's talk about it. Ae averaging 30 to seven in the series. Luca averaging 37 as well. Brian averaging 26, 9 and five. This is the day where everybody dies. Damn. All these times bro. Basketball terms. I'm just saying like the series is three one Knicks, Lakers. So Detroit going home.

(37m 12s):
Milwaukee getting ready to die. Y'all Lakers getting ready to die. It it is over with. Yeah. Houston y'all on your way? Yeah, Grizzly's already buried. It's A bad first round. Yeah it is. All it's time to go away. So I got Lakers losing. Mm. Yeah they telling Bro I'm taking the Lakers tonight Or they play tonight. I Don't think they play tonight. Tomorrow I feel like recapping. Yeah tomorrow I, I Think JJ Reddit kind of ran into the ground bro. They gonna be tired bro. Was tired at the end of that game. He was. He only played the five the host they could have. You can't do that bro. You gotta give 'em, Y'all think the Lakers gonna go four one They tired bro.

(37m 53s):
Damn. Ah they probably went at home. You right. Yeah man I think they going to sneak one out of there but It's also that thing dude we want to fly all the way back to Mana fucking soda. Yeah. Gotta see how bro come out. They'll tell you everything. LeBron first quarter gonna tell you if this was Brian seven years ago, I'm rolling like he can get this done but I don't see it bro. AE is going smack at them A He is. He is. Yeah they they gonna beat him out in the like ae gonna have a bad game in Los Angeles. Mm. It don't look like it can't, I can't see the Lakers going down 4 0 1 brother. Yeah. Now listen You know what they win this game they put a lot of pressure on the t Wolf it do it do that.

(38m 33s):
That's why yo we can say it all year. Nah if they win this game bro it's up because it is a lot of pressure to go back to Minnesota. They better win this game actually pull them out. Every shot gonna be like they Counted out all year though. Y'all up three one bro. It is over with the count out at this point. It's kind of like how that golden stay happen. Damn That's crazy. Y'all Supposed to win now that three one bro. Expectation Change. Yeah it's supposed to win but damn y'all I Can't lose three. Right. We just now getting it together. We up This the perfect time to get it together. It's playoffs Hey. Yeah but it is a, they look they lose this next game so a lot of pressure going back to Minnesota. Yeah 'cause if you is a must win like I, we gotta win. I'm wrong. You go home and lose this, it is a coin toss bro.

(39m 13s):
At that point Game. Yeah y gotta go back to LA for game seven Now listen, we talked about him all year but he needs to get his respect and his flyers bro. Julius Randall been balling. He has bro been hooping. I Told y'all when we was out we was out there I needed to put some respect on Julius Randall name man. Yeah you playing Lakers with no big man. You are going to work, you doing your job bro. The real JR. Yeah 25 and 7 42 minutes too boy. No real ain't doing his thing bro. Hey but a 40 ball, we've been looking for that 12. My boy is not supposed to be here though man. That's why I don't think it's no pressure though. I my favorite player in the NBA bro. I told y'all over the weekend. Jay McDaniels bro. Yeah I won Jersey man you I became my favorite player in NBA.

(39m 55s):
Yeah he's a killer. Yeah bro. The way he was talking to Luca was so greasy and I love it. I love that shit bro. That's the end. He hit Luca with an elbow. Luca fell, started rubbing his jaw said get your bitch ass up. Yeah. I said yeah he just became my favorite player. That's end though. That's end Putting that confidence in your Jay Mcd has kind of been like that for a few years bro. We been talking when you got another crash out next to you, it helps Seen him try to fight all kind Of shit. Him at Washington together him Isaiah Stewart. That's a wild team. I tell You what boy, if not every time Nas Reed kill, they gonna win bro. Yeah. Na he that's my, he every time he hooped they is up. One of my favorite teammates too me, he is a super cool dude but Jay mcd, you're my guy Anthony Allens just look like Jordan and gets him.

(40m 39s):
Ain't that nigga pick up full court every time He do. Every time Luca got the ball he right in his pocket. How tall as he six nine? Yeah. Yeah. Either the way he was pushing LeBron like I was like okay yeah he locked in. Yeah. Yeah. But the fire part about him is he gonna put, he send a lot of Legends home and his resume early. He done sent a lot of legends home. Oh he sound kd? Yep. Joker too. Yeah, about send another one home. He about to send LeBron home. I fuck with ae. Hey man the vibes are strong. You gonna have to pull up next round man. You know saying you can't keep that your Team I'm bro my, I'm bro with my guys man it is just I I know what we against man. Keep attacking Luca Man. Anything can happen man. Keep attacking Luke can happen. Nico Told y'all they Keep attacking Luca and Hottie Moore.

(41m 21s):
They putting them boys in pick Rose every time. Yeah boy Ru His Moore is Christmas. Ru is getting hit with that heads he to the left every single time. Yeah he Will not be in Purple Goat next year. The Lakers Smith is smoking. They are sick of what Y'all but what y'all think? 23? What y think JJ gotta do though? Use us bench So far your adjust, what would y'all do? You have to use your bench play Jackson Hay a little bit just to get some type of REM protection. They have no REM protection. He played Four minutes yesterday. Hey He walking to the basket. What would you do though? What? What would you Do? They was supposed to have old boy from the Hornets. Well Mark Williams should have passed the Physical. Y'all hate it Social media. He said y'all know I really ain't hurt. I don't know what happened But y'all hate it.

(42m 2s):
Nah, I blame y'all. He said he passed the nah I be here. That ain't fair. He can't choose the game no nigga who said that? Y'all said that y'all said he can't go over there now. I Said he wasn't really hurt man bro. Fuck We didn't say he couldn't go over there. We said that they gave him up 'cause they know something we don't know. Like you don't just give up a nigga averaging 16, 10. Right bro. So that's snitching bro. He He finished the season. He finished the season pretty fine to me bro. Bro. Who Snitching? That's snitching bro. I'm saying Charlotte was trying to pull a fast one on a Lakers. They was shot finesse. Oh let it pass. Let it pass bro. They could use him right now. And The funny part is they backdoored us and took Alex Flynn. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. So happy he's outta my roster. He welcome to the Lakers man.

(42m 43s):
He looking like the end for sure. Said Sha LeBron retired. Damn. Damn. And honestly last year could be the last dance bro. I don't wanna see LeBron after 18 bro. And this Lakers team aint got to put nothing round him. Listen, LeBron got five more years in the NBA God damn five. Hell I bet he played five. What y'all one better just for Fun here. Why we here? How many years have LeBron's gonna play League? Okay They gonna retire next year. I hope he play one. One more bro. Make last year the last dance Bro. Maybe two but five is crazy bro. Nah, I wish he retired this year. Brian is gonna be the oldest. He already got it. Brian retired. This year's be 45 retired this year. Average in the dub bro. He gonna play at least one more year. Yeah, one more year. I wish he were retired this year. Maybe two at the most but that's it.

(43m 24s):
Okay. Four. He got the subject. Subject Was Nico Wright Is he gonna pop his shit with the Lakers Lose first round? See I told Y'all Nico. Nah he don't Say nothing. You lost two. We both wrong. Shit. Nico got an excuse though. He do. My whole team was hurt. Yeah, Kyrie got hurt and a D got Hurt and we still made to the 11 wherever they was Nasty. They made the plan. Plan. Yeah. Nasty work. We both wrong. I love it Boo. Oh yeah. For a little bit of foreshadow Timberwolves and Rockets. I mean Timberwolves and Warriors. Excuse me. Yeah I I ain't gonna lie, I take the, I take the Timberwolves and that one. Mm Sure Wildling they got Jimmy Rudy versus Draymond baby.

(44m 5s):
That's what I care about. The real match up. I like the timber wool's energy right now. I don't know. Okay. Yeah. Dre McDaniel ain't ducking nobody. Yeah That's gonna be a good series. Does Jimmy a kill staff bro? It is. They can get one. It's different bro. Jimmy done led a team bro to the, You know, I mean to the rocker so I don't know. That's a, that'd be my next favorite series. Jimmy playing crazy right now so Play off Jimmy is real for sure. Alright man. Pistons. Knicks. Hey was that a foul? Let's get straight to a fo. That a foul. They cheated the pistons. I ain't gonna lie. This should be two. Two. Yeah going back to New York. That's why I don't like the Knicks. I wore my Yankees hat.

(44m 47s):
I'm not a Knicks hater but the NBA need the Knicks to be good and they need the Knicks to be in the playoffs. 'cause all you New Yorkers and you Knicks fans, y'all show up and show out. Yeah but y'all cheated. Get Your white 33 U in Jersey bro. That motherfucker be raw. I ain't gonna hold you. That's a fact. I fuck with the Knicks uniform but he definitely got foul. Yeah bro. I don't care what you say bro. You can't bump me while I'm shooting bro. No. What I hate though. Why come out and announce that it was a foul later? Yeah because now you now you playing like you're irritating Me bro. Bro. And the fact that they was like they couldn't challenge it. No bro, this is the end of the game. Make it fucking right bro. That's Crazy. That's just like when you said I fouled you, I fouled you before the shot I bumped you. Nah, took a dribble.

(45m 27s):
They foul him on the shot Then You shot. It's one of the toughest makes by like Kat game is so nasty looking but he's such a shop maker like this looks crazy. Hey I'm not going Kat, get off of me bro. Kat was fucking murdering at fourth quarter And what I tell y'all, Jalen Duran cannot guard him bro. And this is tough right here. That niggas so raw. Good defense. That's tough. That's tough to get a turnover right there. Real tough to get a turnover right there. I Love how he just Real tough get there. That's because what you gotta do is go back to this play. Oh I'm about to show y'all we can't play this. Oh my bad. Well they should have iso him in the middle of the floor when you, you see how Jaylen Brunson is right here.

(46m 14s):
This is called an angle. Right. They had an angle right. They got one dude in the dunker. You got somebody in the corner. Yeah. You don't got enough room to operate. You gotta score in that little tight angle. They almost blew that game too at that part On me. But if you put somebody like K in the middle of the floor, like he did it earlier and got back to a stepback jumper, he can see where everything is coming from. He needed to just, they might do it right. Nah, that was a foul. That's a foul bro. I was trolling on the internet but that's a foul bro. Hundred percent. That's a foul bro. I Need that bro. Nah bro, I need that. That's a fo The game is a Game man. And Josh harp be hacking too, so they definitely should have called it.

(46m 56s):
Look at the, the Trainer. Whoa, look at the trainer. He and then he get Hyped after the, ah, Yo, Let me see. Man, Watch the trainer though. He, he, Nah, that ain't no foul Bro. He put his whole chest in his arm bro, while he shot. Bro, I'm not left handed. I would Bumped the shit out the trainer Man As a black Air Force one close out. I, I had to see it in from a different angle. Say could not ball Somebody While they're shooting the ball, bro. Especially my shooting the arm bro. Look, That's Crazy bro. I had to adjust bro. My hands didn't touch you bro. Brother Said You know you fo Jr. Holiday at this bro Drew Holiday. That's Fo Bro. JR. Holiday do that shit all the time. You can't Do Drew Holiday does.

(47m 37s):
Exactly. He bumpy man. As he was jumping. That's a foul. Do that shout out to Wcl. But he know, he do. He bummed niggas with his chest all the, He hit his chest and his arm. That's a foul bro. Fo you changed My whole, He threw his body into him. No he didn't. He did. He lean in. He, he, that's not how he shoot. Nigga don't shoot like this and he hit, He hit arm Shoot how you supposed to shoot? You can do that. Don't remix when I'm guarding you. Yeah, I'm on the baseline in the corner. Three four have either shot off. No. Yeah, that's like me shooting like this. That's How I know the, the Pistons gonna win this next game. Okay. The NBA gotta make it right. It's changed the whole series bro. See that's why I hate the NBAN. NBA A gotta make it right. Niggas know what's going happen. He said make It right.

(48m 18s):
Let's change. It's one thing when you predict he buck shit all well the NBA gotta fix it so N NBA gotta, he's make it right bro. The NBA gotta make that rap. How? Because y'all cheated bro. Make right. He foul me Niggas are sad bro. Gotta make Every ref the shit outta y'all Here. My problem is like MOOC said, do not go and look at that and tell me Yeah you right. You got foul. I don't give a damn bro. What is that now I'm really mad. Who do Y'all want to go back out on the forum? Play off? I Bro gonna Lose bro if it's day or next week bro. I tell that all the time. It's points to just roll the tape back and then go back and play bro. The game is dead bro. So don't say nothing, just, just let it be what it Was bro. Now you trying to hold me bro. You hold us but the pistons about to, they gonna win this next game.

(48m 59s):
Okay? It's quiet for you. You taking Nicks? Oh, I told y'all Nixons five Over. Oh you were say I forgot why he happy about that call now? I forgot my boy got a little so Behind on this, bad on this. I don't care about that. F Jim Hardaway getting in the jail with your daddy did. I'm sure Brady just would happy about that foul call. Oh well bro. Hey what you weigh? Magic Celtics Sober. Let's get the casket ready. Okay. Yeah. That much to say there. Get The ca. I like the magic though. Not to win but they had a good year. Wagner, Wagner, whatever his name is. Yeah, him and Paolo. They are cold bro. Yeah bro. Who a better do a Huh?

(49m 40s):
JB or JT or Ne? Oh no that. Oh okay. We gotta chance. I didn't know where we was going there. I Was going young, young duos. Oh tears. Yeah. Oh you got PB five, you got Franz, you got them young boys in Houston looking at Oh yeah. Yeah it's quiet for The rockers. You got Duran and Cunningham. All the young duos. Magic. They got the best NBA jam too. For sure. Outta the young boss. You got magic right now. For sure. Yeah bro. Paolo better than everybody. You name facts. I'm just asking today the best young. Nah, I, You know, I'm just, I'm just from my perspective I think like you naming some good duos. I just think they trump him. I ain't know Wagner was, I knew he was good.

(50m 21s):
I ain't know he was this good though. He's cold. Gary Harris saw the sat there since he said that. I've been, I've been paying attention bro. And he is really elite. He's Kobe. Who else got a new young knife duo? Mm, Trying to think of some teams. That's young. Hm. I ain't gonna lie though. Is Tre Young considered young? No. No. Dang. Because I like Jalen Johnson. Jalen Johnson Young but Tre Re Raw Tre vet bro. For sure. But it's quiet for them right now. Go ahead and send 'em home. Yeah They going home for sure. You like that duo better than D book and kd? Yeah. Yes. Hmm. That's tough. Yes. Well right now yes They made the playoffs and they didn't and they was her half a year.

(51m 4s):
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Even I know they was in the east but they was, they were literally hurt for a half Of the was this man Bro. Everybody who got came back got somebody got hurt bro. They were full strength and got smacked this year. So You like em better than Luca and Brian? Oh No. Nah I ain't go that far. I ain't gonna go that far. James hard and ua. No, No, No. Good transition. 'cause two two Clippers nuggets. Yeah and we kind of disrespecting de booking and We not Bro. No we're not bro. Bro. You talking About right now bro. Today and I saw what y'all did last year too. No bro. Yeah, that, that, that is scary. Like overall is Garland Donovan Mitchell? I'm rolling, I'm rolling. They they, They give me Paulo and Franz.

(51m 45s):
Yeah they, I Love DG way bigger than them. If you asking Me to start a team, I'm taking 'em too. And that's no disrespecting 'em too. What two you? You got two stars that y'all take All I need to em. I imagine Need is a PG bro. Yeah, Jalen Suggs on the way back. Tyree Halle and aka. I thought they need two Barbie. Hey don't disrespect. I ain't seen P five in in East Copper responds yet Dame. Nah, it's quiet. Four Strength Yoss and Dame is a lot to deal with. Nah for sure. Yeah It's two top 75 PA Paolo is just way better than CI and Tyrese Hallberg so I'm gonna Say way better. But he will be but Right, Right now respect the champion way better. Respect the champion Scotty Barnes and, And Dilo. Ben Carroll?

(52m 25s):
Hell no. And Scotty Barnes and Brenda Ingram. No that's a nasty too. Scotty Barnes. Who are those guys? I'd rather have Josh Giddy and Kobe White. Y'all dude, fuck Scotty Barnes is not. No Brandon Ingram is cold though. Y'all Yeah he is Cold. He is. It's not him. He's not the Problem bro. He didn't even play for the rap show. You gotta say RJ to somebody in that Scotty Bars. It's the weak link bro. Why y'all Be hating on? Scotty had a great years Is good, but he's not better than none of them people. I feel like nigga was bad. What Scotty was doing this thing this year, people Hated what Scotty got his max deal. He He's nothing close to Pop Bro. Yeah. Nah bro. 19 seven and five. Oh I'm asleep bro. What some good stats. We sta they have 19 wins.

(53m 6s):
That's why I'm saying it was, that was a meaningless 19 bro. Meaningless. They have 19 wins. I, I don't like when people do that. That nigga average 24, 24 5 Disrespectful. Like come on bro. What PV five? Average Gotta 25. It gotta be 25. Yeah. Come on man. Damn that. That duo better than a lot. A lot bro. A lot. I'm telling you a lot bro. They on the way bro. Hobo is better than a lot Of people. See Jackson T, man, Jaylen Brown. Oh. JT gonna be about 28, 29, 27, 27. JB gonna be 23rd Pablo right there.

(53m 47s):
They ain't far off from Them. Nah bro. So who y'all got man? Ooh I'm taking who y'all got man, I'm taking them because they're champion. They the Champs bro. But they got a better Team. That's what I'm saying. Two on two bro. Who y'all got them two Pablo? Is y'all just starting y'all team Pablo? Yeah and Franz and JT and Jason. I mean JT and jb. Well I'm pro black. I'm taking, I'm taking Pablo because I'm taking the boy. I'm watching The games. I'm watching the games and they really can't guard him though, like at all. So what I'm saying, he they cannot guard Pablo scratching everybody up. Scratch Derrick White. Let's say you put Derrick White, drew Holiday, all them on the Orlando Magic shit. Are they, are they still nasty? Yes, we winning everything. Y'all winning the chip On me.

(54m 28s):
What? It's the same team. So y'all saying Paolo Fuck yeah same Team bro. With a look maybe. Alright let's do Paolo just ain't did enough yet. He's gonna be better than both of them. You think Paolo gets better? Could be better than Jason Taylor? Yes. They cannot guard him bro. I'm watching he too, Too Fucking big bro. He two 60? Yeah. Y'all heard it here in 2025. He Not guard that Big. And I, I'm a P five fan but I think y'all disrespecting Jason ta right now. P five Obama bro. He cannot guard him. He he can't Palo out looking like a man bro. He like a man out there bro. Yeah bro. He's a man child love's better than Jalen Brown. No, Nah He ain't better than him but it ain't that far apart bro.

(55m 8s):
I see, I see Jalen Brown go guard some of the best Wings and then still go get them numbers too. I haven't seen, I haven't seen one person in the NBA bro guard Paolo Ben Carro bro. Nah, niggas can't guard him. Not us. So bro I'm just Saying's average 25. He not that far behind bro. I, I Agree he's an Allstar for Sure. Jalen Brown is better but he's not that far behind. But then Jalen Brown stats don't really Really Fit this argument because bro he got PRUs. He got pri it is a lot of executive score on the team. You know finals MVP Too. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You killed wouldn't matter. I I like Jalen Brown but Paolo, I, he probably to me the most Unguardable person in the NBA. Mm Okay. He upped there for real Rasha Gils?

(55m 49s):
Yes bro. Because he is 6 16 2 60 Bro we did this whole season and we was kind of disrespectful for my on them was but I'm just saying though because he wasn't just talking about him being unguardable like that bro. Yeah het see a monster bro. The magic bro. You don't see him a lot. Yeah, people don't be watching small market teams bro. But P five one up for Shot. Nah, before he got hurt we was talking about him. No he was, he had like a 45 point Game. He was going cry I always talking about like so far as being the most saying Unguardable before he got hurt. Yeah. Nah we was bro but I don't think we ever mentioned how Unguardable this nigga really is. I ain't saying you can guard Jason Tatum but that big motherfucker right there you Can't, you definitely can't guard Him different bro. Yeah, shit for sure man. Shout who that Even that picture bro.

(56m 30s):
He look crazy bro. Yeah bro he 22 bro. He look a badass kid. You got him over? Y'all got him over jt. Okay. I don't, I don't have him over right now. I think he could be one day. I think he could me Jason Tatum probably watch the show But right now Hell no nigga TGA T we can clarify it. FaceTime? Nah, Jason Tatum right now for sure. Yeah, but I'm saying he just unguardable bro. He he different bro. So, so who y'all compare his game to then? Shit like he got some mellow shit in. Oh so he, he the new mellow I see that but but he bigger mellow. Yeah he a little better. He going be when it all said and done to me could be this morning. I think he could be better than mellow. Nigga say he better than Melo. That's how I feel about Paul.

(57m 11s):
This mellow better but I feel like at 22 you think mellow better? I'm taking him at 22 motherfucker boy Melo fuck no I'm taking him at 22. I know about that was a motherfucker bro. Melo at 22. Nigga was raw Dig I'm taking him at 20 at 22? Yeah you taking him at 22? You wild 20 He was 22 nigga in oh five. Oh six year. Yeah, Yeah, yeah it was 20 points. I'm taking him 29. Oh fuck. Fuck is we talking about in the Wild, wild west average 30. Yeah Bro, you, you disrespectful. I'm still but Paolo I'm still Taking him. I agree with Mo at same type of Player. What he average 30 and what 28 and nine. Yeah that's elite.

(57m 51s):
Yeah We we mellow. I'm sorry Jeff six And four. Who was on his team that year? He meow. Got it bro. Yeah we ain't going my phone. Meow. Yeah We we not gonna do that But Fourth in the west when it said was fourth in the west. How getting bro,

(58m 7s):
Get your mother loving ears on because your big time radio DJs got news. PayPal lets you choose how you want to pay for all the stuff with PayPal I can pay in store, pay online or pay overtime. What's that? You want this translated into song? I hope you're sitting down. You can pay your own way. You keep those ears on you hear don't just pay baby PayPal. Learn more at PayPal dot com

(58m 35s):
When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist 'cause You know I have to have an Iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me I consider Hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know Hypnotic is great but describe it, what's the flavor? What's going on here? Well it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The Hypnotic comes out, we're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what you can find Hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than You know those quartz side seats which are available. But look, Hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.

(1h 0m 41s):
Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discovers accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.

(1h 1m 9s):
What's good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taking over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know it's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge. If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment from available intelligent around view monitor to available BOS personal plus sound system. The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CRV and RAV4 with available HD enhanced intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine. So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features. Snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy. Music, love, culture and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast festival. We're moving on.

(1h 2m 13s):
Speaking of the nuggets, Clippers, nuggets tied two. Two. First Of all, You know no mellows averaging 30 or 22. Yeah Asleep. Yeah I don't know You tweaked. I still like that nigga more. Nah fast Pop your shit. Hey that G game winner, is that one of the craziest game winners I've ever seen? Yeah, Did it count what Was on that team? It counted bro. I boomed that Bishop game bro. Let me have that. Yeah Bro. If I gotta do, if you gotta go to a split second bro, I know the ball bro. Game. I don, I don't Forget. Oh they team was box out James Harden 'cause he was no wonder he average 20 was Look to who wasn't about on his Team. Edward. Nah rah nay, nay. I mean Shout To Julius Hyde. Shout out to Reggie Evans. It was Boykin Howard iy was still in the league. Nay Nay used to kill you. Marcus Canby.

(1h 2m 54s):
Nay. Nay. Marcus Johnson trash. They wasn't trash. Shout to Julius Hoge man Johnson Lift you crazy Ass boy go down. Greg Buckner respected him. Dope. Greg Miller was the point. Rashard Rashan Leonard was a prom time Two guard back then. Wasn't that bad. They wasn't bro, They ain't had nobody nigga Byron Russell, They ain't had no scores. What I'm saying Byron Russell was born a 70. Why was he on? He was only 35 And they was score from the west Only is crazy. No they was a playoff team. Oh but I'm saying they was weak Though. Key and Martin was on this team too, right? Yeah. Yeah. Oh my momma. They was nice. They ain't Had no scores though. Oh they did? They won Advantage score 30.

(1h 3m 35s):
That's what I'm saying. So you put put the team around me. I play defense. I score. I'm bro. So think of Paolo had that. He got another nigga happening 24. He do for sure. Indeed. I'm sorry but I'm just five. I'm saying better than Mellow. I just like to, I'm never gonna say that but five. He's one to ones different. So who win the series y'all? How y'all feel tied up? Clippers going seven Clippers. Clippers? Yeah I got the Clippers Man. You got the Nuggets? Yeah I wanted the Clippers to win the West but they lost that game. It's gonna be tough. That was a hell Of a Comeback though. It was, but yeah, I don't know bro. I lost belief bro. Oh you still on the fence? Smoke? Yeah. I don't know. It's funny because before the series started everybody said we need to see game one and now be at, You know what I'm saying?

(1h 4m 15s):
Time for game five. We still don't know Kawhi Lennon plays for the Clippers bro. Clippers, Clippers should have won last game bro. James Harden. So I can't, that made me look at the Nuggets like He too up and down shaky Bro. Yeah he You know James Hart my favorite two guard all the time I just came besides Mike, I just can't. Yeah I don't know. He be Like, I don't know. I don't know what he gonna do sometimes. Sometimes he, I don't know Man. You right though. But that comeback was crazy and I know what Yolk is gonna do. Yes You do. He Killed but Everybody else come Back from 20 like that scares me bro. They just beat y'all by 30 and they walked y'all down like that bro.

(1h 4m 57s):
I just don't know what MPS he going to do. I don't know what James Harden gonna do. I the Clippers just too unpredictable for me. That Turnaround that yo shot for game was kind of crazy 'cause he definitely air balled that. 'cause if they would've lost like that would've been like hey that's a wild ass shot. I mean he, He was going overtime. He didn't have much else to do. He had to get a shot up bro. That is tough. That was hell a comeback though. I mean I'll be it for nothing but I think it's going seven man. I think it's going seven. It's definitely going seven bro. That's the tone. It is. It's going seven but I got, I got Denver winning but in game seven going against yo it just scary. Yeah bro. In Denver I'm God I'm going with him. Sure. Alright. Race real fast? Yes sir. The Year he averaged 29 Alan Ivers and JR.

(1h 5m 38s):
R Smith. Andre Miller, Marcus Stanley. He was 22, average 25 too. He Was 22 this year. And that's when he averaged 29 0 5 0 6 was the last year. Okay. He has, we stand corrected. Shout to the production Team. Oh so when he averaged 29 he had Iversson? Yeah Iverson. Who averaged 25. Oh my fault. Melo. You got it Champ. You ain't have to apologize bro. You human bro. You human you fuck up Jr. Average 13, You know what? You know what it is. Average 15, You know what it is? We forget people like to forget. Yeah when you time, what was that? Oh oh seven. I ain't forget nigga. I was, I was was junior in high school.

(1h 6m 20s):
I used to love But T didn't even watch Though. I didn't, I a senior in high school love mellow nigga. So yeah I ain't, I was a senior in high school. I ain't gonna fault my nigga And they was the west coast team. I definitely didn't see these niggas For sure man. But Ivers was my guy Yo. Yeah 25. Yeah he was. He was second leg. Yeah averaging 25. That's same thing I always Gil yesterday like nah Iversson was still cool bro. With mellow X. Yeah bro down your average 25. But I watched him this year. I didn't know this was when this nigga was 22. I thought this nigga was like 25. Oh Bro you remember he only did one year Shit. That's what I'm saying. These niggas be old. For real. I mean young but old like this nigga in his fifth year at 22 like what the fuck That is crazy.

(1h 7m 1s):
Yeah. You know what I mean. I'm thinking this year 10 from Ello. Nah Hell nah For Sure. Verify buckets B in who was getting to it this weekend Man I'm giving it to my dog an man we missed Monday but an you went crazy bro. Let them boys to a victory. They ain't Think you can do it. I was a little skeptical on y'all this year 'cause I didn't know how the locker room was man. Good shit. 43 and nine he was getting to it. Nacho. Who you got? I got mellow for averaging 29 or two. Two like my fault brother because killing nigga, you always seem older than what you are bro. He Does though. I swear to God that year I thought he was 26 bro you was 22 bro. You Are. They played the nuggets with the Navy Blue jersey.

(1h 7m 41s):
Yeah Nigga you are three years older than me bro. What's the fuck? For real? Literally yeah like nigga you seem old as hell bro. I feel I've been watching Meow my whole life. Melo Been an old For So long. Didn feel like that though bro. That nigga's 40 bro. You've been killing for a long time. That nigga's only 40 meow. I thought you was old as Gil. No hell nah nigga Gil 48. It don't seem like that though. But yeah it seem like The thing bro they've been polarized bro since we was kids bro. Yeah that's why like kids. Yeah that's why when you was talking about how Joe Smith, I mean not Joe shout to Joe but Josh Yeah. Ah he was your vet. You like nigga you only a goat. Yeah Josh motherfucking 39.

(1h 8m 23s):
Yeah so I used to be like nigga you was a year older than me talking about go get the food But I You really twin. Yeah like thinking about Melo Owen being 40 is crazy Man. It's crazy. Damn. That is wild bro. Like Josh 39 bro. You look old as hell. I appreci the Kins looks crazy Nigga Bro. I'm just saying like when I think of Josh Smith bro I Think you 45 Don't You know Like Yeah man I played 17 years in the league man I retired, I retired in 2000. Came outta high school. 18. You like damn you tired nigga you only 40 nigga Assuming it's crazy.

(1h 9m 3s):
Yo Zoom Is that S in New Jersey and they went Zion, that's crazy. Oh that's hard. Z in the dirty rice box. That's why I been like that Now Is that got Shout to them man shout I just didn't know they was that that young like damn Lou young as hell too and young. You probably 38. He right there. Yeah Lou was oh five so yeah he is. I'm niggas was a young boy getting into that money For sure. 38 mo we have verified Bucket. Damn Go with Jimmy Buckets man. Way to save the season Man. Come on man. That is crazy when I think about it bro. Because what Brown?

(1h 9m 43s):
40 40? Yep. Him Melo much bro. Damn man we been watching these niggas our whole life Brot. You thinking about that 10 day man You know I got a little bit left. Hell No. I'm thinking about damn how the fuck am I cook? You going to shoot that nigga with all kind of shit Nigga. You don't just cooking nigga I had to carry your ass. Oh talk about it. Defense We keep icing up this Nigga bro. We about to lose this shit out my kill bro. I was bro, niggas was fouling me bro. This nigga, this nigga playing around About it. Nah, niggas are sad bro. Like how y'all niggas was bro. I'm like damn I thought I was playing with pros. These niggas in scrubs bro.

(1h 10m 23s):
Flint Tropics bro. Where the young niggas at? Yeah it was a lot of Sunset Park basketball history. Three L three. You know sometimes you play down to your competition bro. Oh I can't wait till that footage drop show Nigga say I Oh yeah okay. Be here. Load up the Drake. Come on man. Fuck us we talking about. Yeah. Oh these is back to back clips too by the way. Chad. No edit. This ain't no edit. Look at this move left hand Dribble verify Booky My boy head dog in the post yesterday but sure I also love the JT Man Sunday.

(1h 11m 6s):
He's about nigga be here. Nah be here in real verify bucket. Fuck it as what? What's matters. JT went crazy Sunday 37. Steph went crazy with 36 and nine on Saturday as well. One of the ous games. Get Well Soon be here. Who need some encouragement this Tuesday morning? Man, The whole Miami Heat organization. Hell the city of Miami. Everybody go to Touchy and get well Dad County, Everybody take a walk nigga on Collins Boulevard nigga. Nigga Bring what's the, what's the little paint shit they be doing R Battle. Yeah R Battle on the way. God damn. Yeah if you got Miami heat jersey, please do not wear that today. Mikey West Lewis. Vital Tyler Hero say you're not gonna get Swep at getting one for ten Four points.

(1h 11m 47s):
Lines are rolling over in here. The grass Deal. The Tim Hardaway knees and straightened out. Hey Tim Hardaway at the of the Pisses game is Lyric. Oh man. Because after he got foul he lost it yesterday. They did not put the camera back on hill. That is crazy. Go get that shit together though. You Donna. Yo. That's at home on the podcast. Get your ass to yours to work. Shut the vibes back. All right man. Load up the clips GM now. That's tough. Hey, Get Well Soon to the Clippers man. That's what happening when you don't box out. James. James Hard. Yeah, his box out though. Make a play.

(1h 12m 27s):
How he looked in Uncle Drew nigga push A nigga. I would've fouled the shit out that nigga. Right then you ain't got no choice bro. Man that sucks Man. Lemme shout out before we get out here. Lemme shout out to my dog. Mike Bibby man. Sacramento State. Yo. You got Shaq as y'all GM running shit. Yeah. Congratulations. That's gonna be a cool vibe for y'all man. I, I'm happy for him. Prove Nate Robinson son. I see, okay, I see, I see the vibes here. Yeah, all the old star players. Yeah. Get good donations bro. Cultivate the vibes. Okay, love to Drake. Dude, this show his face. Watch out. Hey Baseline with two.

(1h 13m 9s):
Watch out Luca. Eh, Excuse me. He's so Explosive Bro. Hey that's tough bro. Oh he must have what the nigga in the NBA bro. He so Explosive. He's one of for sure. Oh yeah. Love for Drake. That nigga Miles punched it. Fuck the Deer. Hey I'm Rock dunked his ass. I'm rocking with that mouth. Oh yeah. Dunked his ass on him too. Hell yeah. Thunk on that nigga. Giannis for sure at That. He ain't know how to celebrate but I fuck With it. Look at that one. He ain't he. He about been there. He celebrate. He just ran back. Nah, call him a bitch. Look at He just ran back. He ain't get hype or nothing nigga. We trying to win a game. I fuck with that. Miles. Yeah, miles murdered. He took care of business.

(1h 13m 49s):
Shout out to Miles. He that one Pacer fan. Why all our pan look, go back to him. Why all our fans look weird and shit, man? Yeah. What's Always some weird shit man? Yeah, bro got on a fucking five heartbeats and A jacket and he don't got no shirt on. That's body, that's Flash. Nigga Flash. It's lonely at the top. That Nigga did say go get my New album. Lash Lonely at the top. Nigga said fuck the five more beats, man. That's nasty work. He said I'm done with this. Yeah, this will be my last day too. Them niggas was junkies for sure. Listen man, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back same time tomorrow.

(1h 14m 30s):
Five 20 In The Morning. The Volume.

(1h 14m 37s):
This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists you can connect with via video, phone or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hess hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. HE p.com.

(1h 15m 36s):
Oh Tasty high note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I'm practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this, leafblower PayPal could pay for your purchase. The great PayPal checkout, No purchase necessary end July 18th. See official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 in eligible purchases Per cart.

(1h 16m 4s):
When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.

(1h 16m 53s):
This message comes from green light. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.