
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Get Ready for mission. I Possible the final reckoning. Tom Cruise strikes once again performing his own jaw. Drop his stunts from scaling some of the most complex endangered sequences, cruise's, dedication to thrilling as is unmatched with breathtaking locations like the Arctic, South Africa and the uk. This finale promises unforgettable moments, themes of loyalty, friendship, and sacrifice. Bring Ethan Hu's journey full circle. The cast is stellar featuring Haley Atwell, Simon Peg, Ben Rains, Angela Bassett and more experience. Epic edge of your seat cinema. See mission of possible the final reckoning in theaters May 23rd.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason it's the number one men's anti purse sprint and is back in Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Get into zone. AutoZone, Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? Ah, worried about your battery and the heat. We get it. You don't want to get stranded somewhere with a car that feels like an oven. We've got you covered at AutoZone. America's number one battery destination. Our free battery testing and charging service can help. And if you need a battery, we'll help you find a new one. No problem. Power through With free battery testing and charging at AutoZone. Get in the Zone AutoZone Restrictions apply.


Lowe's helps. Refresh your garden in time for Mother's Day. Right now get five bags of one and a half cubic foot Scots Nature scapes mulch for just $10. Plus. Select one and a half gallon annuals hanging baskets make the perfect gift now two for only $15. The best Garden starts with great deals. Lowe's, we help you save ballot through five seven Selection varies by location while supplies last. Discount taking its time of purchase.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Wednesday. You know what time it is. You know what this show is. You know the everybody on here name is wrote a fucking clip. Yeah. We getting real disrespectful. I saw you niggas on the internet last night. Tell us to be humble. Fuck that shit. The last nigga I seen do this giddy up. Them nigga going through Nigga last niggas. I seen The nigga going through some things with this G guess what? We work for him anyway. Oh. Ooh. That Todd road pack is tasty this morning. Run quick. I hate him. Don't go lip fuck outta here nigga. I hate him.


See these sad ass niggas home. Nevermind. He was already home. Start the up. I hate him. Oh man. Yes. I hate him. Yeah. Shout to talk Jerome baby. Yeah, I hate him and I hate how they get hyped. They ain't know I get hyped. We lame as fuck. Ain't no we nigga. It is us. Listen Miles like us. Look at Miles Turner, look at us. That is Shit's hard. Bishop hard. Yeah Bro. We lame as fuck talking my brother's Hoosiers last night. I said damn. We are literally oh man, what a game last night. What? What's the white club here? The Vogue? All the above. What's the old one used to go up? Yeah. What happened nigga That's going up.


Lame as hell. Disgusting. Hey man. Patience with a crazy comeback in Cleveland yesterday. 1 21 19 victory yesterday. Man what a fucking game man. Shout to Aren e Smith went crazy yesterday. 23 and four miles Turner showed up at 23 and eight. Tyree Haliburton had 19 nine and four in the game with Diamond Mitchell. God damn. Yeah Jesus Christ was crazy. Ain't like Michael George. For real. What? Denver 50 ball yesterday. 48, 9 and five. Salute the spot to hold it down. Jerry Allen showed up at 22 and 12 and Max Drew. Hey I had you fucked up King Salute. You did your thing yesterday. 23, 8 and four but wrote a clip again. Man I don't need the people seen it enough man. Yeah don't keep saying this lucky ass shot.


Hey don't worry about us. Meet up. I got your big dog. I'm gonna hold it down for you. Roll the clip yo. Get your own free throw back to iso. Excuse me. White people can't guard me. Jab the fuck outta here. Send these niggas home yo. Dang that was tough. That was a good move Though. Send left. They say it is cool 'cause I jabed back. Right. Anyway, get outta here Bow. They don't know how to guard bro. Well I ain't gonna figure it out this series man. Belts a ass situation for sure. Shout to the pace getting dub yesterday we was down 14 points to shot the fourth quarter and we handled business 'cause that's what we do. If you hop on his left hand bro. I mean on his right hand he take away everything he can do bro. He can't go left.


Well Kenny Jackson told him that and they didn't follow a plan. Look at because he had, look, if you look at the last play, he got the ball in his right hand. So now he got him on a string. Like I can go wherever I want to go. I can go right step back. The ball's in his right hand. What the hell he bird look at it. Bow get the B hop on that left hand. Make him drive hard going left. You said it all. You said it all here. Oh my god. Just stay up there and y'all down too. Make him go to the basket and finish. I mean they down to make him go to the basket and finish a layup bro. The nigga doesn't shoot left hand layups. What the hell of a comeback yesterday for the K was overachieving all game bro.


Donvan Mitchell was going crazy. Diamond Mitchell bro. First and foremost we show the ultimate respect to Donvan Mitchell Yesterday he, he played like he's supposed to first team all NBA. I'd be surprised if he don't get that and 35 minutes. Donvan Mitchell had 48 points. The only thing I didn't like is that, I ain't gonna say that. But niggas don't really be that attire at the end of the game. Mm. What'd I tell you Mo? Yeah, I I promise Bro. You he was capping. I ain't going. Oh he was selling. He sold apart dream bro. I know you tired 'cause he did a lot but like when it's a minute to go nigga and it is free throw time nigga you nigga you got 48 nigga I we all hoop nigga. See I about to get 50. You you run for the ball.


Nigga going foul me nigga was high. I mean you probably tired. I ain't never scored that many points in the game. Had to do all that but I know you get a boost of energy outta nowhere when it's time to win the game. I Bro that nigga tired bro or something wrong 'cause that look crazy Bro. Yeah well whatever happened they lost anyways. Shout out to us for handling business. Tyree Hall bar 10 11 on game time or go ahead shots. It's time to start more respecting my boy. I override it ever again. My boy is reaching superstar status right now. The playoffs. He's supposed to. Yeah he sending niggas home. He handling business nigga. He sending hurt people home nigga. Well guess what, they was all in a bitch clapping and geeking up. I seen Evan Moy cracking smiles. There's Gar couldn't stay off the bench running on the court suit up nigga.


Yeah. Hurt people. Hurt people. Yeah. Pace's in fo Get the rooms out at the crib. Got Home Depot. I ain't, you don't need tshirt. We need sweep patience in four. He literally, he niggas outta here on the bandwagon now got Jersey for game. Literally he literally the nigga with a nigga already wounded no call of duty. He literally nigga come get the cleanup kill, finish the kill. I had already, I done sniped the nigga from 40 and he come stole my kill nigga we got a shirt that motherfucker before this series started. I told y'all patience at six. We don't fear nobody. We played the Boston Celtics last year. They're not the Boston Celtics. Patience in fo.


Man y'all playing a fucking wounded patience and fall CIN beans bro. They are. They Are wounded bro. They not you but Matter. I told don't matter. It could be a janitor, it could be the suit him up. That's basically what it was. They gotta do better with it than entire Jerome last night. Woo. I told you I was sick of this nigga. I told you I was sick of Ty Jerome did I not text you that? You did text me that? Yeah we was up what 14 when I text you that? No, it a little bit the league got a little bit lower than that. Nah but respect. Yeah we gonna lose 'cause Ty, Jerome, I seen it like you doing too much bro. You shooting, you doing get him out the game bro. Put Sam me in.


Yeah, I wonder why they was letting him get off like this. Well if you look at the minutes for yesterday, he didn't play as many minutes as he typically would have played. That's the funny part about it. Yeah but when you can't have to take him out But bless you. But dude like they was, that was under man yesterday he had to play. Yeah he had to play but his his minutes were drag. For real like I'm sick of him. He can't guard. He really can't guard like ne hard go at him. I'm like God damn they told me before the season started that, You know what I'm saying? The biggest reason why we couldn't handle this 'cause they bench and Ty Jerome. That's what they told me. Who said the fuck that? That's that's what Cleveland defense told me. Ty Jerome's gonna get it man get get him the fuck outta here. Get me saying Meryl man fuck give me Jesus and Meryl anybody at this point.


Let's go through the shot chart yesterday for the wonderful Cleveland Cavaliers. He shot crazy bro. Let's go through this Tyler Brown. Probably like one for 15 or something. I top shot 7.1%. One for 14. Yeah I'm sick of him. Max Drew shot eight for 18. Max Drew was Hoopy yesterday. He was, I didn't understand Rick Carlisle's trap Diamond Mitchell let Max shoot that was a terrible game player. We got lucky but he shot five for 12 from three Denver. 50% Dean Wade. I thought we would've gave him a little bit more because he had some open looks but he played really, really good defense in the first half. Yeah he did shout to him and he was on that old board. Imani Bass should have played yesterday at this point. Why not Jared? Allen hoop down seven for nine. Todd Jerone one for 14 criminal Donvan Mitchell 15 to 30, 50% with 30. I can't be mad at that.


Ty Jerome and I and I used to like him. His swag too crazy. You gotta turn swag down. Is he white for real? I don't know what he is. I think so but he swag shout to his ethnicity but it did not matter yesterday. It swag too crazy. He probably just gave him a name when he came into America. Just top Ty Jerome is crazy. And You know what, I ain't gonna hold you. I mean obviously I ain't going like criticize Kenny accent because he's a goat porter came in and gave him some solid ass minutes yesterday and didn't play anymore. Yeah. Get Ty. Jerome the fuck out the game. That's not his. Who won the game. Yeah bro. Ruined if you need a drink in the city, Ty. Jerome, I got you. FA is always good. I roam. You lost the game. He ruined the game bro. Yo super Chad 30 said what'd they say Holly did? What PG supposed to do in his game time Commercial.


They gonna win by 20 was a quote yesterday from T let's fucking go. Yes sir. Yo, I didn't know PG could never, I didn't know niggas was really going to be out. I thought like yes you did. No you shot it. It was on this show Lou put it up here. I didn't see anything from production yesterday. Didn't say y'all said the three might be out and you was just okay let's go. Questionable. You know what? Questionable, questionable mean. Most likely these niggas going to play like it is the playoffs. I didn't know these niggas was going to be gumps and say nah I can't do it nigga. I ain't never seen that. Everybody was fresh courtside laughing ing it up having a good old timem. Yeah, fuck outta here. And honestly the patience played terrible yesterday. Oh they had nine turnovers in the first quarter bro.


The patience are terrible. What the fuck? Actually we good 'cause we beat everybody. Oh yeah. I came eight shots. Not enough. Jason Tatum, Jalen Brown. Everybody stay healthy. Portas get back from your elbow. Whatever the hell going on with your stomach. Come back and sweep the fuck out these niggas man. So I can laugh and yell and scream 'cause when a fuck when I'm wearing my Boston Jersey 55 coming back out. I swear to God I'm about clown. Well guess what? We'll matter of fact we'll be waiting. We'll have plenty of time to wait. We'll be arrested the cast fuck around. Make a comeback. Ooh put something on it. We probably gonna beat y'all. Put something on. Yeah he ain't really built like that. Put something on it. If he play, if they play put so is not losing that. We ain't lost four games. It's the beginning of year at the bridge.


It's Dar is gonna suit up. I'm pretty sure they win. They can if they wanna but the Pacers not losing twice at home bro. It's quiet. It's not the bridge man. I nigga believe pull up to the bridge. They don't got no killers bro. They they actually don't. And they don't either. It's how Donvan Mitchell, they really don't got no killing. But they got a good ass team bro. I'm nothing bro. They got a good quality team and I'm tired of them comparing them to Y Hawks team because y'all better than them. They never is. The Hawks. No The Hawk better better than them. They, they just like Jeff and them bro. Nah, better than them load up. No the Hawks is better than that. They quit sending me this shit too real. Quit me this shit. They really got y'all messed up. Y'all better than know they I'm sticking of this shit.


Oh. Ain't no way. We would've never to this man. We would've never lost to this pace. Team Fuck must have swept him y'all. Y'all did. Damn us. Yeah we would've swept him. Y'all better than that calf scene. Respectfully. Yeah y'all got but y'all similar but y'all better than them. Yeah y'all better there for sure. We would've swept him. Yeah we still got nigga playing on our team's. Crazy. Y'all beat the Pacer team though. Sweat. Yeah that would've been a different problem. We would've swept them but we ain't playing y'all what? Get them outta here. Niggas standing on that. I don't like none of the Pace players no more. I don't like be let's go. I don't like Benedict Matthew. Yeah he think turn up being third quarter got that shit back. Cracking I'll fumble B. Yeah he think he tough as fuck.


Yeah he shit down. Get your tough ass out here. He my favorite young man. Not a fan. Don't want him on the show. Fuck him. Who else don't want that? I'm done. Y'all. Y'all interview him. I won't be here. What's up? Fuck Ben Dick. Math not a fan. Who else you hate Tyree Tyler Bird. When y'all interview him? I turn out Ty I'm missing. Nah, a fan. Who else you hate? Let's go through the list. I like Aren Eastman. That's the only one I like. I and I. Nah, I too, I like Miles. I like the two. The rest of y'all I don't like, nah I I I'm rolling 'cause they shit I don't like they playing. Who in front of 'em man, you gotta respect they they owe five 20. Mike you heard it Here first. I will not show up. Shout out. Shout out to the pastor. Shout. Don't worry about it. Can we we'll hold it down for you. Hold it down. Shout to what?


The hall gonna have a party that day. Yeah. Hold it down. Matter of fact. Oh James, y'all know him. He ain't even a pacer though. He just here because who the fuck you man's most important Pacer. He don't really fuck with that shit like that. He just now you hat him. He just fuck with he You know he there for the check. He fuck with Tyra. He said he like the same more of his white team. Shit I would too. Shit. Shit The fuck you ain't get paid. You ain't get paid? Yeah. I like Boston more than I like weight. I aint playing. Alright now serious question for y'all. Obviously y'all broke down basketball my way better than I could ever imagine. If you're the cast, what do you say to say to get back into series? Is it just health or healthy bro? Yeah it is over with. And Todd Jerome gotta relax a little bit.


Nah, it's over with though but it's over. All jokes aside, I like Tyrese. I like Ben Mather. I just hate him 'cause of you. I appreciate that brother. But nah, they too, they, they play well. Ben, Ben Mather for really real life is probably like a, a star. That's my favorite young bro. But they the pace for some reason holding him back a little bit. Maybe he, he might be a little erratic. He might do some off the wall shit sometimes. Yeah but I think the biggest problem with that is I don't know what it is with him and Rick. 'cause like even yesterday in that third quarter he was the only per person cook at. Yeah he was, he played low minutes yesterday and I rock with nimby but NIMBY did not play well at all yesterday. I know re wrist was a little bit injured so he wanted him in the game to play make but he didn't play well yesterday. Yeah he must mimic Rin will kill and then he just won't play.


I don't understand it. Yeah, he must have cussed him out or something bro. It gotta be something bro. Yeah because the way he get down. Yeah, the way he get downhill and stuff. Yeah like when y'all was going through that little str like a tough stretch. He was getting to the basket, getting some foul, make some tough layups. There's something more to that bro. I just think he like it's deep a wrap. I I and me, this is me personally. I think they kind of like holding them back because of they gonna have to pay 'em. Yep. So it's like you don't got the numbers to match like you ain't gonna get paid. Right. Yeah and that's, it is crazy. Like you said they can't, you can't get paid if you ain't get numbers. And then I know there was some rumors about moving him earlier in the season, which I didn't understand. That's my only problem I'll really be having with Rick is like we don't really showcase our young talent when they don't really get a chance to show. Now it's like what do we do?


He goes somewhere else. He's just starting too far. For sure. Yeah he he won the game for you guys though. He did. I ain't gonna lie. Him and Aren e Smith. Aren e Smith Man that put back dunk, that dunk boy was Elite and right after that, no the big played the biggest player in the game. The big three in the corner come back that that three in the corner was huge big. And He hit one before on the Wing bro. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Aren e Smith a, He was the best player on the fourth field. He some money Man. Yeah. Nah he got paid already. That's the thing. He on a team friendly deal. So it's Aren Andrew Nihar, they on a friendly deal South. Kevin Prichard? Yeah. Yeah Vanessa the year that was good though. Yeah, I'm actually a Pacer fan. I'm gonna wear my pacer jersey. No thank you. What's gonna to Super Chat Mr said Nap Town's Midtown fine bound it for a turn up.


Christopher Smith said DJ got the Shites sharp starter kit. I ain't got 20 5K so we good. Let's move on to the second game of yesterday there Boo. Yeah. Hey that's how you, the Warriors took care of being Timbers yesterday. 99 to 88. Yeah, Stefan played 13 minutes but had 13 points but they still had it down. Who I hate on the w We, we would never shoot like that again. But I'm, I'm scared of this Warriors team but we, we shot horrible bro. Is the Warriors this good on defense bro. They, they be locking shit up man. I'm gonna say it's gonna be a 4 0 1 though. Ooh four one. I just don't see them shooting. Wait who you want? Who's your four is Timberwolves. Oh okay. Four one Timberwolves. Four one Timberwolves. Yeah. Yeah. Steph's out for the season. Yeah Steph, he's done.


Steph done. It's over. Yeah, his hand now they say if it's grade A they're expecting seven to 10 grade two then it's gonna be probably gone. But bro, he, he's done think so. Yeah. Mm. That's a big, big loss for them Bro. That's it is a four one. Damn. Yeah because we was never gonna shoot like that again. Steph was probably about to have 50 this game Cooking 13 to 13 minutes. He was on that. Yeah. We'll never shoot that bad again. Now listen man, they said yeah like your parents, you drop past McDonald's, you got McDonald's at home buddy. He'll be showing up goddammit 24 yesterday he's been hooping down the playoffs. Player showed up. Draymond in the first half was balling boy that boy was young. Steph. Yeah he was on fire. They was going crazy yesterday. They held him down.


Still got the win beats like you said that defense man they, they shutting shut down now obviously we don't think Anthony Edwards will play that bat again. Nah, But still because the Warriors didn't play too good bro. Nah buddy Buddy Hill was jacking that bitch up. Yeah he shot A lot. Yeah They are holding people in the eighties bro. But they needed that 13 for Steph though. They needed, that's what's crazy. They need that 13 for sure. Who was gonna beat they ass But it's cool. That was good though. Respect the win. Shout out to Jimmy. Yeah, I was gonna say let's go through those shooting percentages from yesterday. Not dude but he was seven for 19. Man. Jimmy brother went seven for 20, he had 20 as well. Draymond six for 1318 points most is Moody. I don't give him too much. No disrespected Draymond Green but I don't expect him to have 18 no more.


Yeah that's a tough 18 but hey he been scoring lately though. Yeah, being aggressive. I just don't see it. Dray Draymond average 18 and this is crazy. Nah he average 18. The thing is Steph get Draymond a lot of open shots. You know people double team off of Draymond. He get that little float or them open threes now you don't gotta do that no more. So this shit, nah they cooked. That's Steph, they cook. Let's go to the timber wve yesterday, see if their shooting percentages was as well. Like we said wasn't the highest AE 19 for 22. Gotta get a little bit more than that. Nare shot eight for 14 which is really well Zo three for 11. Yeah he had a tough night. Yeah, tough night for sure. J Madons. What 50% can't be mad at that six for 12 0 5 84 Jr.


Come on Dante. Man we, we need you to do better in that number. Zero nasty. Nah, he going to text me and talking about I'm no real zero boy don't see that. He don't see this shit right here. That's the same jersey. Well they don't remember you like they remember me but is you crazy. Shout the freaking tell you ain't need no big shots. We need you to come through bro. We can't have that bro. The next game man. Nah, who out take hold it down for us man. Mike Taylor. Hey Let me stop saying this. When people stop thinking gotta hit A shot or two, Mike got a got hit a shot or two. We need one of them three Bro. Mike just make a shot. Yeah, come on Mike. We need you. We love you Mike. Just yeah, Four years out. Give us a third one. It Won of them quarter three. It was three holding down for squad. You hit one against the legger, hit one against these four.


Yeah. Now Rudy go beer 26 minutes yesterday is is he unplayable this series? I've been seen a lot of shouter from that. Yes bro. Okay. Yeah that gotta make an adjustment. Yes. No, not now. Steph gone 27 and 24 on the way. Oh yeah. Steph outta here. He gonna be straight now that pick and roll, that pick and row cover just changed with Steph gone. Yeah We okay. Because he is green though. He is Green Though. He's green as fuck. But Steph gone Man shit, fuck this Nigga really wore a pacer jersey. Come on man. I was gonna where, You know what I'm saying? They gifted to me but I ain't wanna be to re, You know what I'm saying? Hold the gang down but yo, that's a Tyree jersey. It is. That's tight. Yeah, I gotta go get my pacer outfit today. I lost shout out to Miles.


Respect bro. Be swift. You outta pocket for most of that But hey beat Chef. Hey what you weigh? Yeah, I fuck with that Swift. I can't wait to see the jersey with no sleeves under that. Yeah, no, no shirt under there. You gonna, You get a Mitchell and this drill or you gonna get a Nah, I want the one with the big, the big one like y'all used to work When y'all play aau when y'all was kids Are you about to get the shoulder joints? Ugh. Hey you getting the King Martin one? Hey shout out to the homie. Who tagged you in that picture? King Martin. He had the 40 14. He had the Martin edition bro. Yeah, So I I Need that. That's what I said. We back, We gonna try to find that shit today. I, I'm back on Pacer fan. Fuck that. I'm rolling with the Pacer. No who's the cash man? The cash ass? No I keep telling You're okay.


I'm sick up niggas. Hey we back Miles Turner my young bull. Oh. Disgusting. Super chat. What we got? I'll be at Bar said morning game the Curry pull out the Teague injury at a point where it seems buddy hood Jimmy can carry a team for a while. Strategic move. Shaq said without step. That look like a regular team. I don't think, what is the Teague injury nigga? I ain't never pulled my hand. I did pull my hamstring one time, but what you talking about? Yeah, I, I'm not too sure. Let's let's get some clarity on that. But I don't think step playing around him. Play around bro. Yeah nigga he used to playoff ain't got time for that shit. Hey man, hey send that nigga his money back man. Niggas playing on his name. Yeah. Fatigue. I'm on that Today. I'm on that today bro.


Fatigue Javier block. Get on your ass boy. That is crazy. This is crazy. You still drift from the other night boy. Fuck going on. That's racist. Oh I can say that. My wife's better. Oh that's white people be doing. I got a black friend. See the Javier? Hey the words of 21 and one in series after what game? What Chihuahua? Oh yeah, yo kid Don Taco Bell boy. Yeah, tap in game. Hey so it's quiet from Warriors man.


Without stuff. Y'all feel it all it is ugly. It I don't Wanna watch this shit no More. I don't When those stars is injured bro. It is Trash bro. That's what I felt about the Pacers bro. It is like whacked to watch the game not show. They gotta be who they gotta be. Yeah but it is not fun to watch bro. Well it feels good to win. You know what I'm trying to make people make excuses why they lose. Tell me when you gonna win. Honest excuses about why I'm losing. Tell me when you gonna win. You know what I'm saying? But when the Timberwolves win this series, like is it really gonna feel good because I feel like and shitty they Take away from his Lenses. I've Been on the run taking stars out he wanted to take now my nigga gone. Fuck yeah. I gotta beat this regular ass team. You Supposed to. Yeah.


Sorry about you moving on. Nah, I feel you though. And do feel like that. Yeah Bro. Men's a killer. Yeah I, I don't, I don't like that kind of win. I mean I'll take it but that ain't never been me. Like when John wa got hurt, when we played him in the series, I was like damn it ain't that fun. Yeah. Damn. We supposed to win. I don't got that best play. Most definitely a 27, the second half. I ain't gonna lie. I was hoping LeBron had a little tweak though. I ain't gonna hold you. I like LeBron gonna roll that motherfucker down. Shit. Sit out a week nigga. Track on the chip. Fuck it. So I feel you dj. That's crazy as a fan. Crazy but as a player If you would've went to the finals, nigga, nigga I did.


No I'm talking about for real, for real. Like if you would've on some real shit and like y'all play too much on this show. Like for if you went for real, for real. Like when you was starting this shit that've been hard though. That would've been hard. I lie I that had have been hard. I would, I seen the interviews nigga I would've had all the interviews but I went by last time motherfucker said yeah you played last series. Man you expect much you calls one day will be ready. Oh thank you. Hey You know what's funny? You really hoop out against the letter people acting like you didn't play the playoff for you really hooped against the letter. Nah. Yeah I'm just saying that nigga would've be Brown went to the finals. Just being there would've just been, oh Nigga I would've been worried about Jersey today.


That been hard. I be like you niggas can't tell me shit. For sure. Hey man, play out Jimmy. Y'all, y'all got any faith to play off? Jimmy can win the series. Nah Not win it. But I think he'll make competitive though though. Make Competitive. Okay, I'll fuck with Jimmy. It is just tough losing a player like that bro. For sure bro. That's too much on his shoulders right there. Alright well so see more tonight. We got Nick's ass Celtics. What do we expect from the Celtics tonight? Y'all ain't gonna bounce back. I ain't gonna say nobody blowing nobody out no more. 'cause my they might look, I'm gonna go in with the Knicks. Okay. Nah bro, stay with tics. Gonna win. Stay with that batter up. It's getting hot in here. Stick with your niggas. I'm going with the Knicks. Don't come over here. Everybody Pick shit.


They lose. Don't come over. I'm going with Thes the rest of the year. No going with the Dick Pacers and Nicks was making a classic. No. Hey I want that was gonna say before we go to the series, that's the biggest shot in pacer history. No bro. Yes bro. Yes it could be. That's the biggest shot in pacer history. What bigger than that Reggie Bro. Yes, Reggie pushing off Mike bro. We knew Mike. Hold on. We knew Mike was about to win the next Year Jeff now shit, now I'm not a pager fan but that's crazy Bro. Yeah that's what's a bigger shot dude. Reggie got ah Reggie shit, shit bro anyway. Which Is Michael Jordan bro. What he did at the mix Bro? Yeah bro. We ain't gonna do Reggie like that Bro. We never seen, we never seen that bro. That's we did bro. Who? Reggie, Reggie Miller.


Nigga we all knew the Cavs won the game. Literally. I ain't know that bro. Towards the end. I'm like saying with a minute to go. We like in the play for that to happen in the playoffs. I'm gonna put it top three for sure. Nah Reggie shit is number one. That's one. Nah that's number one bro. You Outta pocket bro. I got number one bro. That nigga crossed the nigga step back. Hit the game winner Reggie after getting his own free throw, Reggie Miller scored, scored Four. He missed the free throw. Niggas like oh he missed up free throw. Gotta be bound. It was fire, it was de 8.9 seconds is crazy. His top three. Yeah that's insane. Come on bro. And he did on a road too. That's even more disrespectful. This is a leap. But I ain't at that take though. I life's crazy bro. That's, that's, that's in the garden bro. This a playoff Game Now if we find one of these jerseys today, I want this one.


What game was this in the playoffs? Ooh, I don't know why it was made. So it had to be the playoffs. Why do white people, did they win the series? No. And D Nigga Van Gundy is out of pocket. Yeah, Who won that series? We'll have to look it up after this. That was the Knicks. Yeah, I'm just saying who won the series? I think the Knicks fired That was fired though. It was very similar situations though. Very desperate situations. I agree. Very similar. Tyree scored all his points damn near majority of 'em. Yeah, It was very similar situation bro. We won the same, Pacers won a series and then we lost to mj. Yeah, yeah. Ain't mad at that.


That's, it was very weak bro. Yeah, but it's up there. It's top for short. It's a very similar Situation. It's that's how re they was letting him score layups too. Yeah, that's why I think the NBA read bro. They two layups in a row. They literally Right hand. Right Hand. Yes Bro. But You know what's crazy he but look, that's what I'm saying. Like he hit that and all that. They won the game like this Damn. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. This how they won the game Nigga Reggie had some ears on him. Well He he hear you now That nigga shit, You know what I'm saying? Look at a lot of shit went old after he made that, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He had a better last moment. Reggie was bald with no fucking but the Game went and shot star choke and he talks so crazy.


I gotta go with that bro. But the Tyree celebration is crazy. Yeah I'm saying he said Your mustache bro. You getting too much paper bro. Being bald with no face hair is crazy. My boy had not a whisker sight. He look like Wallo Rick Carlisle. Nah You know what that look like Or Popeye Joe bro. You tell y'all's a lot of niggas that look like Popeye bro. Y'all Speaking alright back to hold on. But that wasn't a game winner. Big shot. That's a moment. Them as big shots. I said the best. That's the biggest game win. Like game winning shot. If disagree with that, a lot of people gonna go with the push off on Jordan to get the open shot.


I ain't mad have to do that. But those are two, those are two big shots. Yeah but that push off on Jordan's just a classic but it was tied in the dance afterwards. Did not remember was just a Classic. Y'all not remembering what Tyree did yesterday. I'm saying that was, that was a tie game when he hit that shot because even last year the tyres against the nigga on two and pull a three Some gangster shit. Bro. Do that on Jordan. Just make on the Ty game on Michael Jordan bro. I a tie game. Just make it elite. A ty. Yeah that's that Ty game. Nah, I'm smooth bro. It was tie right look nigga that we ain't never gonna forget this. I forgot about it. Oh you, You did. Nah You Did not. Oh you did bro.


I swear I forgot about That. He don't know how to celebrate nigga. Nah look, he could believe it. My boy out got the tweaking in that motherfucker. Rich's on that shit. That shit Max. He hit a tie. It was a tie game bro. I'm run with you T everybody comes with shooting that shot. Aw hell Nigga get your own rebound down too. I mean that's is it's clutch. I bow. I definitely Tyrese you the greatest pacer all. Hey enough. We got enough Pacer left from you. Alright, appreciate it. Next Celtics let's back to it. Is he better at pg?


Are you taking Tyrese over PG as a pacer? Yeah. Ooh that's tough. Not it, not it. It's tough. I y'all don't do this. He already made the easy nce spot one time but to be fair he had to deal with the Les bro. Now also the Celtics team was great too. Was killing in Indiana. I'm not, I'm not gonna that yet. I'm going, I'm going. He, I'm going with Tyree now. If you ask me a game on the line who I want Tyrese 1000%. But what PG did bro, he went to, he got a 60 Scenero hit. Y'all getting crazy Was an Allstar. He had the patience rocking bro. Tyre Paul George is that nigga bro. For sure Bro. Paul George t was way better than this pacer team. Oh my mama Was, David was, but he was going at it with LeBron and them though.


Yeah was we knew they wasn't gonna win. Nah but he was going at it with him. Yeah, LeBron D Wade Ball. She went at, he went at some killers. I can't just, I nigga just wouldn't against Jason Tatum. Jaylen Brown. Yeah, but again five Hall of Famers we got swept. They took them to Denver six and seven. Yeah, I'm nothing bro. I mean shit heaters wasn't that good. Oh okay. Well LeBron was that good but the rest of our team was coming. Come On Rich ball. Dwayne Wade destroyed us. Dway said Dway LeBron after that shit was Quiet. I wanna remind y'all, this is the morning. Niggas having drunk niggas haven't did drugs or nothing. These are sober thoughts Allegedly. I'm saying but think about the teams that took them that big, that their team to like a lot of six and seven games though.


They won. They did that with Boston. They was hella teams that went five, six games with him. Seven games. I mean shit. Boston was Good bro. I respect your basketball knowledge too. Top tier bro. You got top tier back. That's crazy. Jeff. What? Paul George bro literally battled against bro. Bro. As soon as these niggas see the Boston Cel bro bring your broom, your broom and your broom On my soul. Yeah, that's my whole point. That's Boston. That much more dominant. This team ain't that good. Oh bro. Paul George. If You put David West, If Paul George, I, Jason t And if Jason Tate and them played against the nigga bro and them bro and them is beating that team.


Mm them is beating themselves. That last year championship team versus the 20 12 20 13 heat team. We What bro And them beating they ass. I don't know. I like bro and them bro. I like, I like bro bro bro. Them and that. No disrespect. You know how good but that was Prime bro. That was 300 pound. I'm saying old. A old a old Paul Pearson and them took him to seven. Paul Pearson was cold. He was in the smoke bro. So I respect it. I'm just saying they was a old, they took him to seven. Alright we gonna leave that for the comments. I'm sure we'll get a lot of talk about that. That but that's crazy. Where y'all going tonight? You got Knicks? You got Celtics? Celtics. Okay. Mo got Celtics, T, Celtics. Celtics. Oh yeah Rock Nation bro. New York Knicks bro.


New Knicks. Yeah y'all keep that y gotta really think about that though. I thought about it. Them beating no niggas bro. For sure. I'm not saying they not but a lot of teams took Brian and them nigga they lost to Dallas. That is true. That's true. It's a good ass team though. I'm not saying they was playing out of that. Jason Terry was playing on. Come on bro. Saying was killing bro. Bro. What's nigga bro? Jason JJ per was switching off on LeBron. JJ Fiesta went crazy though. I'm saying it is JJ Burrell. How much better is he is than Peyton Prichard? I don't know. Give me, give me Fiesta damn near Gimme JJ Bur yeah gimme me Fi Pro take j Terry or Drew Holiday I'm taking to Drew.


I mean of course I'm taking Jason. Terry got the Jason. Terry was 43 years old but he was killing bro. I'm just asking and j Kid too Jason Terry was who you taking Sha? Mario was on that team. Alright, I'll take back who Drew Holiday or Jason Kid Who you taking at that time? We taking bro For sure not me taking, I'm taking at that time taking Drew Holiday, taking J Kid. Who you taking? Derrick White or Jason Terry at that time bro. Jason's too old. That's what what I'm saying y'all it ain't that. It ain't that fault boy. Tyson Chandler bro. What's hooping there was Wilt on Defense and I for there Neutralizes everything. Yeah okay. They had Jason, Tatum and Jason Bro. Dirt bro. Ain't no dirt. That's probably one of the best playoff runs in in history.


Jason Tatum, Jaylen Brown bro. Ain't Jason Tatum, I love you. Who was they? Jay Brown, Jaylen Brown. Who was they? Jalen Brown? I don't know. Sean Marion? Yeah. Fuck it. Alright. Yeah nigga New niggas was playing out of they mind. Yes bro. Just saying Bro Ner whiskey bro the best bro. I'm just, that was the best run ever bro. I ain't saying it ain. I'm just asking D dog. I'm just asking. Y'all said dirt beat Kobe. He beat a lot of this. Y'all said he is Dirk beat some niggas bro. Bro. But you said that they, they handled that heat team but is his point saying they did handle that heat team saying shout to Jason Church for getting that tattoo.


Man, You know before the season. That's hard. DD Steve started. Who shout DeShaw Steve. I'm not saying D Steve my nigga who he was locking up. Who y'all taking going? Who y'all taking Jalen Brown? Jason, I get where you going with it? I'm just asking questions but I'm still taking probably more to my type of nigga. God that's Sean Stevenson was out there. Punking the Celtics trying bump and all that. Nah, I ain't shit bro. Asking questions for sure. Alright. Ricky Boss said the super chase saying what's up T You was one of my favorite Hawks players with Josh Smith and I send you a jersey sign to put in my man cave. I paid for the shipping and return label too. Yeah, yeah. I got you bro. Send that motherfucker boy.


Shout out to Ricky Mouse for show from the play games all the way to the finals.


Now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase score. Ready to place your first bet. Download draft King Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus. Best instantly make a playoff run to remember with DraftKings. Download a DraftKings sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino when resorting Kansas 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do but we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool Chris and Fresh it's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Get In the zone auto zone. Annie's first oil change wasn't as hard as she thought because she went to AutoZone where a friendly auto owner helped her find the right oil and save on an oil filter. He explained the job and showed her free how-tos on AutoZone dot com when she was done. AutoZone recycled her old oil for free. No hassles, just help Everything you need nothing. You don't get into zone auto zone restrictions apply.


Hi, this is Jovan your blinds.com design consultant. Oh Wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to wow. Mm. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple. I can even help schedule a professional measurement install. I didn't realize you did that. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com we're on your schedule and there's no haggling pressure or hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming over and I'm thinking of something. Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and get up to 50% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply.


Alright man. Last circle. At least tonight man. We got nuggets at Thunder be here. Redemption. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No, no. Yeah. I don't even have nothing to say. Yeah, we beating the ass tonight. Oh. About to ask. I had a little spiel but I'm gonna save it. Okay. That's cool. Tig how you feeling? I got thunder. Got the thunder tonight. Yeah. Bounce back. Move. Yeah. Yeah. The thunder they they gotta win. So I got the thunder. Okay now what needs to happen for Denver tonight To get another A win in OKC? Shit, Niggas gotta rebound like they did. Keep Rebounding, keep making shots bro. Yeah. Mm For real. Keep making shots. They make shots they hard to beat bro because then yo Joker could do his thing.


I'm rolling. I'm rolling. Yeah. Who is that person on the nuggets y'all think need to get going tonight for them to, You know what I'm saying? Michael Porter. Michael Porter Jr. Yeah. He only gave him two points last game. Yeah, definitely. Definitely need him. Aren Gordon gotta keep hooping. Okay Russ keep playing solid. Yeah, Ru Ru gotta continue to be who he been And then Michael Porter Jr. He definitely gotta step up though. I know we talk about him always playing with the playoffs but I think this is one of the nights where Jamal Murray need to go be play out. Jamal Murray. Mm Yeah I need him. It's low too. Yeah, he, he gotta go be that one tonight. That's the scary part. Yeah, he's good for three the series, the first game. So Yeah he can, he can play just as good as SGA so And You know they got that that that big bro lil bro relationship both from Canada, team Canada. He don't fear him like that.


Yeah. So he going at him facts but also I think SGA, like we said he had 33 and 10 last game. I think he gonna turn up tonight. I think Jalen Williams have a big game. Most definitely. He most definitely he he had a, yeah he was Five 20. I think Che might be a little spooked out there. Freak coming my bro, he got into the weight room bro. Be motivated Fit. Tap me in. He is too little. He too little. But I hope he killed though. He talented. He can throw some shit out. I Just hope he ain't letting that affect him. Missing The freak. He looks sick in that picture. Shit. My parlay on his last leg. Nigga look like the niggas from Adams family bro. The head longer the motherfucker. We just start roasting everybody but nah, out Shout Man.


Number of respect. But yeah, I think I gonna see you bounce back tonight but I wouldn't be surprised man. Like you said, I got the best player in the world and he ain't going for that. Yeah. Who? Ah Joker about Yes sir. Yeah they should be Interesting bro. They been there before though. Nuggets beat him man. It is just some little bro shit. Okay. For for sure I get it. Alright Bear five bucks beat him. Who's getting to it yesterday? On my picking today. Man. Man fuck it man. D Mitch man. 48 man. Them niggas are sad bro. You could, you did. You gave all you could bro. Literally bro. Garland, where y'all at bro? Come on man. Hell my guy out man. But shit 49, 9 And five. Hell of a game from D Mitch. Not enough. Tell who you got.


I ain't gonna lie. My, my verified book can go to Aren e Smith. He ain't up there on our list bro. Yeah but my boy played well man. I'm proud of you man. I remember they had you on that bench in Boston. Ain't that something? He was buried on a bench in Boston and this is your star player. Can't wait till the fucking copper finals. Shout to Malcolm Brock, we appreciate you going up to Boston for that. Kevin Prier ready to be a hell of a gm. My boy Yo. Turn up. Yeah. Buried on a bitch in Boston. Cook it off the pie. He was sitting next to me. Damn. Hey what'd you say be him or were you celebrating? Not tolerate. I my mama every time. Even in your household bro. Leave that bitch. Oh leave You what you got? Yeah, shout out to Buddy Hill man. He been hooping man.


Come on man. Keep it Going buddy. Buckets 24 8. Him and Jimmy Butler they need to do every post game together bro. Hilarious. That shit hard. Y'all already know where I'm at with it. Halliburton 19 nine game winner. Get these niggas a fuck outta here. Get well song. A lot of people need some encouragement this morning. Just go ahead and roll the tape man. That's fire. I'm actually proud of the Pacers. Nah roll again. Fuck it fucking Cleveland. This is for you. Fuck y'all Ty Jerome monkey ass on there. Sick Ty boy. God damn sick. Yeah, yeah Iso this was only right bro. I see Christmas. Wow. Why you shit them right? This was only right. Fuck Do y'all have that inbound play or we, it is too much to ask my drone Play so bad.


That was only right bro. Okay. Yeah man. Okay You can just roll another clip. Why not Maru threw that badass. Hey this is so disrespectful. Yeah this was fucked. This was so disrespectful. Bow. Excuse me Michael. Hey bro, you really like MJ out there Bro. That's what I said. Yes. I said bro that kind of looks scary. So who better Anthony Edwards or him. Damn, I been asking y'all Damn. Damn I rolling in. I love DM bro. But I'm, I'm in though bro. We Ain't seen him do this too many times. Hey I Don't know Bro. I seen Don Mitchell good bro. I seen Donna Mitchell Do this Shit too many times bro. That he did in a bubble bro too many times bro. I'm rolling with Donovan Mitchell. Man close. It's a close fight and I love Ant man bro.


But I seen this nigga do this too many times bro. And we knew he was about to do it. Facts. It ain't like he had had 30 left. Yeah but we knew like oh everybody out Donvan Mitchell about to get 50 got and a nigga went and did it. Oh. Oh. Haley Van Lafe shout to the young lady who got crossed. I didn't get her name but boy she went through it Bow in and out Burger shit. Oh my Lord. Come here yy. I remember they said she couldn't shoot. Yeah. You remember when she was at LSU? Yeah they was like she can't shoot LSU was just a bad place for her to go. 'cause at Louisville she hooped out. Then when she went to TCU she got back in her back. Show Inn Out Mood Bow. Yeah she said she was like depressed or something. She hoop to Ls U Quiet in out Burger. You ain't like that. Something simple too lost on the screen. Watch out Becky A Yeah the other white girl.


You, you can't, you can't play next game. You better meet you with that DNP bro. Hey she didn't use turn all dpa no Fuck culture's decision. The organization decision, you can't Play. Don't play it on first like that. She read to the screen. That's how they make you do on 2K. Shitty as hell. Like nigga I ain't go for that. They make you go to the screen. Oh yeah Steph, he ain't play that much but he showed his ass when he did it bro. Boy. That when he got hurt killed Alexander Walker bro. Good defense sta enough bro. All you can do is shake your head. Damn bro, that's so disrespectful bro. Because that's grit defense bro. He didn't get no separation bro. Zero.


How does he still see the basket bro? That was great defense. And that's when he got amazing defense. That's when he got hurt. Yeah. He the best point guard I ever for bro. Bro, look at this. He got no separation for real bro. Fuck. Damn. Fuck. That's Crazy crazy. Show that Knee Smith putback though. I wanna see that. Oh yeah, that, that's definitely That turned, that turned him up. That nigga Lift was dry as hell too. I like Nigga lick yo. Throw some water on that Bro. People Mitchell afterwards. Yo, don't nobody tell that nigga bro. Nigga are you That dehydrated. He play hard as hell. Childish ass nigga. Grown As hell.


Thought y'all had the best staff over here. That nigga Gatorade Zero. We supposed to go blistex too. Man. Wish y'all wouldn't game here. God damnit nigga. Zero. Hope that nigga wasn't talking to nobody. Bear stink like One Bert. Hey for you to run from the three in a free throw and get a putback dunk and people's up on somebody. Shout to Aren d Smith. Nah, shout out gang problem at that beginning part man. So he was killing so he get a CarMax commercial. That's crazy. Hey, don't do my games like that. That's Who was poor in my neighborhood. Who stayed on the bus stop in the winter.


All my niggas lips used to look Like. That's how Bootsy shit be. Shout East man. Oh y'all are fried man. Man. Oh man. Oh yeah. Glad so least give well Suits and the Mercury. Deja Kelly went crazy yesterday. Is that Who that is? That's The one that, yeah, took him home. She went crazy in the fourth FE yesterday. She the one. Wow. Yeah. What's the name? Him Beefing? Yeah, boy she broke up. Oh this our buddy girl girl. Who's old buddy now? Caleb and North Carolina. Rj, North Carolina, Bucky. Hey I see Come back all by herself yesterday allegedly. I see the, the allegedly over this. Oh he, he, Hey I'm nothing on Beef for game.


She cold too. Yeah. See y'all, we gotta turn up on the WNBA season. I Don't know. Run that back. She ran the whole four by eight. They got some Shit in the WBA. Wow. Dropped twice. Hey And my niggas is beefing. Ooh. Who that's tough for game. Who you go with now? I don't know, but still She about to get a rapper now. You just, You just stepped in Chief Keith world now About Yeah. That's tough. Oh wow. Ain. She went crazy to hold for, brought the team back D They said she about to go with a rapper. Yeah. What about hell go Who? Who? Who? No my nigga. What the hell? He too, he too wet. Oh he He need sexy Red Deal.


Oh Rob. Nah. So she got who? Boy, Rob my boy. See Chief Keith cleaned it up. That's why I threw him O'Keefe. I threw O'Keefe. Yeah, Keith chilling. Anybody Else? What's crazy is she went undrafted by the way. So yeah, Dave Kelly Nice. Oh Yeah, I fuck with her. Anybody else got potential she could date. Let me see. I don't know man. Oh we getting out here. We rolling. We roll the tape. Real Prime nigga. Busman D dlo. Okay. Probably my nigga boss man. Dlo Boss man. Dlo? Yeah Boss man. Man. Nah me, him playing Bat Baker is crazy Boss man. Dlo, I ain't rolling with boss. Hell Tap in bro. We Live right there. Nah, I ain't gonna do you like that Daja? That's her name. Daja Daja.


She got better roster than that. Nah man. Damn. Daja Kelly. I gotta remember that name now. Hey, That was a fighter too. What the Hell? I was scared right there. I'm like damn, if he hurt, Ah it's Over. Nigga paid just cancel. It's over anyway But Pascal aka boy I need you to play better and he did bro. Yeah. My lord. That nigga need a bigger headband or Something. Yeah, on me. That nigga got the first headband And remotely. We playing next game bro. There is Garland bro. Call Lonzo doctor bro. Lonzo got a new knee bro. You got a new toe bro. He got that gout nigga Dion.


Oh come on. Hey man, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back same time tomorrow. Shout to you Cleveland. We appreciate y'all too bad. Five 20 in the Morning Out the gate, The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business. Chase for Business. Make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chason Company,


get in the Zone. AutoZone, Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? Ah, worried about your battery and the heat. We get it. You don't want to get stranded somewhere with a car that feels like an oven. We've got you covered at AutoZone. America's number one battery destination. Our free battery testing and charging service can help. And if you need a battery, we'll help you find a new one. No problem. Power through with free battery testing and charging at AutoZone. Get in the zone. AutoZone Restrictions apply.


Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause And the use of oral contraceptives? Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh. Optiv mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. Refresh Optiv mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eye drop aisle at all major retailers.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.