
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Sometimes life can seem hard and tough to navigate, but what may seem like the smallest task such as getting outta bed or even brushing your teeth should be celebrated as a win. And State Farm is here to help you celebrate all your wins. The State Farm personal price Plan helps you create an affordable price just for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options is selected by the customer Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Hi, I'm Jordan and I know you're in the middle of one of your programs, but finding out if Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligrams is right for you or a loved one means more than you know. So hit pause and visit KSQL i.com.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of USS Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay, it's for clauses to Get filled with statement pieces and vintage vs. Or must have sneakers wait for you And Designer handbags are the real deal on eBay doors to open to stacks of the rear trading cards in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do it yourself job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love The Volume.


Hey man, special morning for us man. If you don't know, listen 500 k. We have 500,000 subscribers on YouTube. We wanna say thank you to y'all first and foremost man. We appreciate the hell outta y'all for helping us make this happen man. Oh yeah, for sure man. It's love for real shit came a little bit fashion what we thought. So of course. Alright, thank you to supporters, we appreciate y'all. That's the only way we're do congratulations. Shit just like that for sure man. Hey man. Timber Wolves lost the team. You been hat on War. Took care of Tims yesterday. One 14 and 1 0 6. I took my hay back to back. You. You did. You showed some love. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Shout out to them. They still ain't gonna do nothing though.


But that was a good win for the squad though. For sure. Listen, we can talk about this game but first and foremost wrote a clip. We start off Dre Ma iso the end of the game on Rudy. Talk bad to him. Dre. Yeah, he punched it. Ah, y'all know how I feel about Rudy. Y know how I feel about Night Night Celebration. Oh I know they was teed up in that. Oh my kids. That's my favorite player of 2024. Oh Gods the hardest. I despise Rudy Go's game. So, and to know they beef he why he dark fat. Jay's hard between the legs to the dunk man. That nigga look like Escalade out there between his legs. Next clip Otto was dope.


Hey that's, I ain't seen that Sean. To my nigga Draymond show Dre. Hey listen Dre even used no moves. No right trigger nothing. He went straight to the cup on Rudy. Oh God. Ain't no telling last time. He probably was talking bad to him though. Yeah. Probably was dribbling sad ass nigga about to hit you with some flinch shit. Hey you ain't never seen somebody in NBA history choke somebody your and Duck on Draymond legend for that. For sure man. Nah. Yeah I'm all for that for sure. Man. Steph had 30 yesterday, 30 and eight, know what I'm saying? And man still had 27. But listen man, let's just start with the Warriors, you know what I'm saying? We all feel like, is this a team who if they get in the playoffs and make some noise? No, no. Yeah, I mean they got Steph Curry. Okay. And then they got some capable shooters around them.


But anytime you got Steph Curry, you good. Most definitely. I think Wig having a great year. He playing well I know he is hurt right now, but he is playing well and Minga shows. I mean he has moments where he is really good and then they got capable eyes around him. Draymond like he did last night. He's been playing. Well he even though he even been coming off the bench or whatever. But yeah, he been playing with for y'all And you know what's like you said about Mingle last night he had 20 or seven hearing them talk about listen he up next. We look at him like he up next we gonna treat him as such. Yeah, he's still growing. Yeah, he's still figuring it out. He may not be what y'all want him to be yet but we, we see the potential. We don't care if y'all don't see it. Yeah, I mean shit, they know better than us but this was a game.


I mean the Warriors just lost to them the other day. Tws beat 'em at Golden State. So they played a home home game. They get back. Yeah they got, they get back. You usually don't get that kind of get back. Yeah that fast. But it was good to see them for sure your Ts Man what they looking like so far here? Oh we all right man. We just rolling on through. We pacing no concerns. Nah, they actually playing real well now. No concerns bro. We coasting. We ain't hit that stride yet. We just, we waiting on that five six game winning streak to really was on one. I know, but I'm saying we need one like towards the playoffs for us to feel like we comfortable to make some noise. It was playing defense again. This is the first time they didn't hold somebody over like they was holding guys under a hundred points.


Yeah. And I think it's the first game they got over a hundred somebody in like the last four or five games. But they've been playing defense. They've been getting back to their old ways. Locking up watching an play is like dope. Yeah, like when you watch him play basketball, bro, it's like fun. He make me wanna play basketball. Yeah. Straight up. And they're not fuck with him for saying like, you know, I don't know, I just feel like he got the relationship with his players. Like damn, by the time I see my boy Jr finally playing defense, I ain't never seen ju run to play defense. So I just think bro, they just coach them trying to figure it out. So hopefully they can, you know, he make you like excited about the game. Him and John Marant make basketball exciting. I ain't gonna lie. Like I love Boston, they good, but I don't get excited when I watch Boston.


Like I know JT good, I know JB good. I know they got the best team, whatever. Yeah. But I, I watch their games and I'm kind of like, all right, they're good. Yeah. But then when I watch ant play I'm like, shit man, I'm about to go hoop tomorrow, you know what I mean? I'm about to go do this. And the same thing when I watched Ja, I'm like man I'm gonna gym. And especially the way that both of them players play, like you said and got that relationship where he tell his teammate like, damn, by the time, you know what I'm saying, you doing your thing. He did it to Steph k Olympics when he was going crazy, he was like, damn, by the time he showed up. Yeah. So if I can do that to the best player in the world, bro, I could talk to y'all like this Facts. Yeah. I think him, him being a leader at such a young age bro, that that franchise, if they keep him is in good hands for real.


Facts. Facts. Yeah. I, I, listen, it'd be I, we know that sometimes small markets that things happen but I could see them doing whatever they gotta do to make sure they keep him because there's no reason every, he's a lot. Yeah bro. He's a for lifer and niggas Reggie Miller for life. Fuck yeah, it was full life for sure. Man, listen man, another player who should be a full lifer Yos man, I don't know what he was on this weekend, but he chose violence. One man had 48 yesterday as you know what I'm saying? Nuggets beat the sleeves off your Hawks. 1 14, 1 41, excuse me, to 1 11 30 piece. Jesus Christ Shit. Jesus Christ the little white dude. Listen man, this wasn't even the best game he had this weekend. That's the crazy part. But yesterday he had 48, 16 to eight. Come on man.


Mpj surprised me was Seven Assists. That was a different bag. So whoever took the over on Draft Kings you came up yesterday by boy, he prize surprised himself. Seven Assists is crazy for M pj. Every time he pass, I feel like Kat will, he threw the ball top a key to the quarter. That's how I feel like n PJ passed the ball. It's gotta be special because he don't be swinging that shit for nothing. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. I know he might not win MVP but he probably MVP like yo, just crazy. Come on bro. Yeah, it's, that's a lock bro. Like that's crazy bro. Scoring a hundred plus points in two games. It's a lock. Yeah. And can we pull up the numbers from the Wizards game? I, I know that they lost to the Wizards. Shout to the Wizards. You know what, I'm six and come on bro.


Whatever he had. Oh, he had three assist. I about say ain't know what Hell he, y'all said seven on here. I said damn that. Oh wait, what? My verified bucket. Okay, keep scrolling, keep scrolling. That's seven rebounds. He's seven rebounds. Yeah we know NPJ in past time. I'm just saying on here it say seven. That's what I about say. He's automatically my verified booker for the day. Shout out to the fact check. Shout out to the fact check. Thank God we put some allegation on that. Boy. You know he pass the basketball 56. Come on bro. 56, 16 at eight is stupid. Yeah, I don't care who guarding you bro.


That's illegal. No, it's, it just, it's crazy to just, not surprising. I, I don't think I ever seen any other center with those numbers besides Will Chamber. Yeah bro. That's why I was and we got shit. Yeah bro, because play the video and stop showing me that picture bro. It's ka, I don't believe it bro. I ain't say it's Ka but it's Ka bro. They had like 17, he was way ahead of way ahead of his time bro. Bro. They showed us some 1940s football like some college football where they had the soft helmet bro. If they got footage that game, bro, why don't they have the best basketball game ever, bro? Show me the footage bro. Kobe's 81 stands. Where is, where is your kitchen centers? Like where does he rank top five for damn show.


Shit, he's higher than that. Is he better than Shaq? Ooh, I, I don't, I think he a better basketball player than Shaq. Not dominant, more dominant than shit. Yeah, it's over with. Yeah. And Shaq's dominance is so crazy but outside of a lot of them, people outside of, I mean I put Shaq both of him but a lot of some other people who I don't, ain't so sure about bro. And I don't wanna disrespect old heads and know they be feeling the way when we say that shit about our ears and stuff. But yo is fucking some of them up for sure. Yeah I think he got, I think he the most skilled center. Oh yeah. Like Yoko just cooking more between him and Hakeem. I think Shaq the most dominant. Like if I had to pick a center, I'm picking Shaq out the good just because he's just easy money.


His paws, his size, like you can't match that he like 7 1 400 or something. Yeah. And he could move. Yeah. Especially young Shaq brought you bro. There wasn't shit you could do with Shaq. It'll never be another one of those. Never be a Shaq again. That's dead. But as far as skill, I've never seen a singer play like Yogi George mic is crazy. George Mic is nuts. Who the yogi give him 50 bro. Yeah, but I've never seen nobody steal a joke. Hey bro. Yo is the second best of all time. Damn. Yeah he better than everybody besides you. I I think he better than David Robinson. He's, I don't know about Hakeem. He is better than David Robinson and David Robinson's code he has 70 but he's better than Dave Robinson.


And that's no Descrip. Only reason why I put Hakeem honestly I'll take that back. He might be three. Hakeem was such a force on the defensive end. Defensive end. Oh yeah bro. Dreamers, I'm sorry. And he got two of them joints too. I'm sorry. Yeah, hake too. Back to back. You gotta respect it. I'll go Shaq, Hakeem then yo and then Kareem. Yeah I know Kareem got him damn points and all that shit. But that's a lot of points to have. You had to score the bucket and I, you know, I hate old niggas but Kareem doing a hook shot bro. And scoring a basketball is you eat lead bro. You was a Harlem Globe trotter your whole career bro. Bro. Yeah. On my mind. Hold I gotta redo that Kareem number one. Yeah, I gonna say Kareem, he's still not number one for me but him being a Harlem Globe Trotter bro.


Hooking niggas all day bro. Kareem, I'm gonna go, Shaq my number one probably bro. He made one of the best moves in basketball history. I gotta put him up there bro. He was just, nah, I just make y'all list bro. I'm just saying bro. I don't wanna see it but that's, that's crazy bro. I gotta, bro, I got Shaq one, I'm gonna go Hakeem two, yolk three. Okay. Kareem foe. Yeah I gotta put Kareem for bro. I'm just nothing on his game bro. But it was so efficient and he was, he killed on every level. Yeah, I'm going back high school. Kareem too dominated. College dominated a pros bro. You, he played for 25 I think. I think Shaq could tell you that Kareem is one. Yeah. Even though, even though we feel differently, I think Shaq would even tell you Kareem as one.


Yeah, I mean if I, if I seen Shaq and Kareem in the game, I think Shaq will kill Kareem. Yeah bro. Throw it off the backboard. Oh if he ask me who I gets to pick, oh yeah Kareem Shaq gonna kill Kareem. Yeah but Kareem his stats, you know that he's gonna get 30. Don't know if Shaq can stop that hook. He nah, he gonna get Shaq 30. Yeah he gonna bust Shaq ass to bro. All them are bust Shaq ass like Shaq wasn't a defensive. Like he wasn't but he elbowed the shit outta you so much. He drained you bro. He drained. Oh yeah, after three Dropships bro. His offensive game was like his D defense. That's why he used to think R Vita Saboni was so cold because he was the only nigga that took that beating from Shaq bro and was still killed. Bro. Bro, I seen Ben Wallace like Sha, I ain't never seen that.


What? That's how they wanted Chip. That was like, I dunno that was allegation Shaq. I'ma, I'm gonna put that on. I'm put that on Carl. I ain't gonna put that on Shaq. Nah that ain't, that ain't Shaq fault bro. I'm not taking away from what you saw bro. Bro bro. I just feel like that was just a different time. There was allegations going on. They had just one how many in a row too? Yeah. Yeah bro. No shout to, hey Ben Wallace Isle on two for you to be motherfucking six three guard. A nigga like that. That's why he in Hall of Fame. Everybody in Hall of Fame one of the best offenders ever. Yeah's probably the best defensive front court ever bro. Dis no disrespect to Kare. I'm gonna keep Kareem one. Shaq two Hakeem three yo four yo four. Do they teach hook shots anymore?


There's the small jump hook that's not even slur. You know I ain't, you know what I mean Big man now you know they all, you get spooky. All the big men wanna shoot threes now. They ain't trying to you muscle. Oh okay. You know the jump hook was a thing for a while. It was, you know what I mean? I need to bring it back. Yeah, for sure man. All listen and know it was a built to ask situation about how you feel about your hawks man when it last six games you got, you know it's so many games in the season you gonna have a game where you just ain't got it. They just gonna have it last night. Tray Young can't score 15. He been scoring like between 15 and 20 in games like that.


Bro, they probably need you to get your all 30, 40 piece that you was doing these past years. He be a pure point this year. Yeah, I respect it and y'all want me to pass. Right. That's what I mean asking me to do. I'm doing, I feel like it's kind of like ugh. But it's been working though. Yeah, they won five with five, six in a row. Yeah. Yeah. Just had a back game last night for sure. I mean and obviously before we get outta here, how y'all feel about the nuggets? They championship window, they need to get another piece or they a team that can compete right now for a title? They they finally got Aaron Gordon back. Jamal Murray hasn't been Jamal Murray. Yeah we were used to Mm. So that's their biggest problem right now. Jamal Murray just not Jamal Murray we fell in love with at the bubble.


Jamal Murray the bubble was the coldest basketball player of all time. Him and your boy from the Pacers? Yeah. TJ Warn TJ Warren? Yeah. Oh TJ Warren was Jesus Christ bro. In the bubble bro. I thought he was the next coming bro. Hey after that shit, that nigga was coming to the factory boy hoop with these stick. He was giving niggas some blues at the factory. Shout to tj. He was like he he was giving boys the at no, everything he pulled up playing with bro. He pulled at the factory, gave somebody like 12 in a row, then he only played like three games and left four, like three or four games. Good. Respect. Respect man. And now that's why to have a run like that maximize, I'm gonna go cook everybody while my my game sliders is up. Nah.


Yeah this shit was up for sure. First time I seen some people just chill out, get humble a little bit. Oh okay. Somebody what was like for real? Yeah. I was like yeah so niggas this is a real difference. I'm yeah I was like he pretty, he was pretty good though. He always could hoop it just crazy like that run he had, I thought he was going to be in the league for a while. Yeah. Not doing that type of crazy shit. That was unreal. But I don't know, he just seemed like he kind of fell off. Well he had an injury too. Yeah he got hurt back saying like come back from it. That foot injury. Yeah. Yeah but nah, I remember it was a for short time period. It was very short. But him and Jimmy was the thing until the next time he played the heat and Jimmy ended that. Yeah that hurt. Shout to Tony Warren Jr man my dog.


Hey man the bucks get the win over next yesterday one 18 and one 13 we talked about it man. Chris Milton, I mean getting a player when you getting a Allstar Hall of Fame capable player. I mean arguably what, three time Allstar champion? Yes sir. He might be able to get in the hall, huh? Yeah, he gonna have the stats. He getting there. He gonna have the stats. He gonna have the accolades for sure. So yeah, getting a player with his capability back, shit it's only up from here. I mean they played well against the Boston Celtics defending Champs. He played on limited minutes and they played good and you can see down the stretch they was going to him, they know what to do. Yeah. So getting him back a closer and they all right.


They gonna be all right. Listen man, Giannis was doing what he does best. 34 and 11 yesterday like Schroer had 34 and 11 too. He be hooping this year. He gonna be killing bro. Yeah I wonder And Johnson 26. That's what they've been saying. They they too good. They playing too good. You gonna lose, you get relocated. Yeah, I don't know who they gonna get traded to. Yeah that's still tough for me. There's plenty of teams. I'm terrible. Them two people that really are needed. The Lakers need dentist. Couple teams need dentists. For real. That would be crazy. Those are two players like you said that would fit on that team. Perfect. They probably need to do a trade with the Nets for sure. But the problem is again who do they give up that people want DeAngelo Russell if they make DeAngelo russell net again that's crazy.


They need Brownie. I making Schroder like her again. Yeah, I mean that's a good thing for him. He goes damn I gotta go back to this. That's where he was. Yeah he probably wanna, if I'm Dennis, I do not wanna leave Brooklyn though. My first time actually having a team that's kind of around me from that payday down. That's what the problem is with that situation staying broke and keep killing up. But listen man, they've been doing a lot of work this year. Like you said, there's a lot of pieces on that team that could probably help some contenders out. Man the Net's been playing interest in basketball too. Nobody expected them to be one of the better teams in the Easter this year. But that's definitely where they at. Well the whole Easter conference is shit. Yeah man listen we had high expectation for the east and it is just a listen you three games away bro.


You three games away from changing your whole entire F draws around bro. Really? That sta is really crazy to me bro. That the east is that bad? It's not too but it's early. It's early. It's early bro bro. People still sad bro because look right now listen your heat man it took care of the Cav yesterday. The fourth L of the season. Yeah I just rock with Tyler Hero. I don't fuck with the heat. Oh okay. Well he had 34 yesterday. He, you know you don't rock with the heat outside the hill. Nah, I'm smooth on them. Damn.


Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're sale a Draftking Sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect The number one place to bet touchdowns, grab some TDS or Draftking Sports book through on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draft King sports book app and use Code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank NA member FDIC.


Hi, I'm Jordan and I know you're in the middle of one of your programs but finding out if Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligrams is right for you or a loved one means more than you know. So hit pause and visit K-I-S-Q-A-L i.com.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESP n plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and K nicks followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally the nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus, follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


Yo, this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing an obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. That's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and vintage pos. Where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite tie sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling and retro movie posters. Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay so go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep and switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Shout out to my boy man. Told y'all favorite white boy in the league man. Get it done outside of dk but it is what it is. He went crazy yesterday. 34 and seven. Dr. Robinson went crazy. 23 boy damn. Yeah that's a good sign when Dunking Robinson making shots again. Yeah like I say well he didn't shot today a really different team for sure. Which is crazy. DG had 23 yesterday. Don only had 12. So for Don Mitchell had 12 points and y'all lose by nine off night. Bad night course off in the season you have bad nights they just bound to run into some shit like that bro. Yeah. Damn. Season too long. They gonna, they gonna have some potholes they gonna hit for and then the heat we was talking about maybe they need to tank out shit they on three game win streak five of the last seven.


I know though. I don't think bam wanna lose though like that. Nah you know the heat, they always want them teams to make that run. Yep. They be, they go through all these injuries. Be sad Jimmy be out for a little bit. Bam get hurt. Tyler hero get hurt and all of a sudden they all come back and they make this run. Yep. Then they make a trade and get a cool player and that shit's like that. Make it to the finals. Yeah then all the role players that had our year play out the fucking minds in the playoffs and then they get paid and go somewhere else and sit on. That's why I don't fuck with 'em. I think it's fixed bro. How y'all got the same storyline there every year bro? Gabe Vincent hoop out go to go to LA don't play, somebody else gonna hoop out. What's it Caleb Twin, was it Martin Twin? Yeah. You on your way out. Hoop out. Go to Philly.


Don't play. They gonna send him to Charlotte. You know what's crazy man, everybody get so mad at game. Hey Vincent. But they was like I just see you killing the finals. Shout somebody game bro. Cash that check. What would they talk about? Man never let, sometimes you just can't leave that place like the grass ain't greener bro. Yeah because you gotta know whoever vibed out with you or rock with you when you got the money to get the money, they gonna rock with you regardless when you go to that other place. They expect certain things but you don't know how the organization, how the players gonna respond. Yeah. Going to the Lakers Bronx. What's right bro? Shit you shouldn't me. Hey what's crazy is you talk about the same story. Maybe it's just Eric Sp maybe it's Pat Riley.


Nah they know how to pick them. They they real particular about who? They come through them doors bro. Nah. Yeah but I'm saying they helped him get right. They you get paid. You probably like bro said you probably should have stayed bro. Miami aint a bad spot. It's kind of like Lance but you're not one of them players like that. For real. Like Lance, when he left Indiana should never left go to Charlotte, never listen to Michael Jordan. Shit got shit got weird after a while. Lee wanted to get paid though. He was gonna get paid here. But the difference, even if it was a lot more than what it was, it, it didn't help because remember he had to go through a couple places before he came back here. Which is yeah he thrived here. I mean I get it. Shit take a chance. Ain't nothing wrong with it but like you said the grass ain't always green in them situations. I was never a chance taker.


Nah, you sure the fuck wasn't I one time I took a check. That shit did that work. Y'all want me for 32 years for 2 million where 32 years for 2 million I be doing doing and Jim did negotiation bro. He took everything. Fuck it bro. Big record got one life to live. You know what, I'm up 500 K Man y'all outta pocket. Y'all are crazy man. Listen, we got a couple games to go through for sure.


The 76 beat the boys yesterday and B came back 31 to 12 Maxi 25 and 14 in 11 Light Lil Trippy Dub. That's my boy man. Hopefully they can go on a little, you know the east is so trash they can come, they can come back, they can fuck around and make so shake they fuck around and be the eight seven seed seven. But I could go on Wind Street and be like pull up up. Can y'all pull up the East Conference standing He, I don't want y'all to ruin my morning but pull it up. I looked at it last night in Pure Disgusts. Look at this bro. This is all nasty work. The heat is a 12 season you talking about? Yeah, yeah, yeah that yeah the heat Strong bro.


Ooh damn. Seven six has only got how many games they got? Seven let's go Bucks. They going to four, five game winning streak. They could beat the seven eight. The Pisses having three more wins. The 76ers is crazy. Yeah this is like yeah. Oh yeah. Sixers gonna be the six must all said and done. Let's go Tyree. Hey how funny would it be if the Sixers made some noise to play after starting off terrible. Everybody talking shit about 'em. They come to play. I a fuck around like the, that's why bro, because they I You think they might? Yeah they can. It is very possible for that to happen. Yeah, they, they ain't that matter of fact they probably gonna be the fourth or fifth C. Okay. Philly we back.


They got, they got a chance bro. It's Hope out East. Oh listen you could either tank or be in the playoffs matter. Shout the bunk. The bugs gonna move up. See might get spooky for the magic. The Bucks might replace the magic. The magic. Yeah. Yeah. You the we just, we had a fatal injury. Yeah bro they about two fatal injuries bro. How they both give you the same oblique injury? That's crazy bro. Water boy, they put them the Mediterranean staff in them allegations. So I see the Bucks moving on up bro. In that conference for sure. Shit, the Hawks being a seven seven C at 13 and 12 is crazy. The fact is they can move up too because they've been hooping too. That's the crazy part. Yeah, but I'm saying like they gonna get to that six the, the real superstars is on the Bucks team bro.


And they can, they supposed to be up there like we predicted before this shit started. The six is gonna, they gonna end up a playoff team for sure. Oh most definitely. Five, six. Yeah. It's all good. Shout to them. Hornets beat the Patriot yesterday one 13 and 1 0 9. Brandy Miller be killing the, I gonna say every time B Miller sees a Patriot it is time for a mix tape. 26 and six. Damn. TJ gave y'all 30. Not enough. We suck Fire Rick. That's probably a nasty 32. All mids. All mids. And listen man, we got clean house man. So three players to stay. Everybody else can ride bro. Who, who? Who are the three players dj? Who are they today?


0, 0 3. Everybody else your guys. That's non-negotiable. That's big three. That's non-negotiables. Everybody else can fly. Oh okay. Respect relocation New year off somewhere else. So y'all gonna get rid of y'all. Y'all TJ McConnell, you call him TJ Nash. TJ Nash ain't gonna nowhere 'cause ain't nobody gonna pay his contract so he stuck with it anyway. Shout tj. But if, if somebody got something that a pick for TJ hit my line. We make it work. This boy fire sale, this boy is on this big ass platform. Precious fans. This is Y Anchor. I'm in that building too. Yeah, I say it every time I'm around Fire Rick. This is y Anchor Rick is in his post.


Oh it's the player bro. It's a good day. No it's not bro. It is bro. That's why them niggas can go to listen, listen but he starts listen these is grown man. I get the coaches, you know we make jokes and shit about Dar him and Doc and bro these niggas is professional athletes bro. I agree. Y'all should be able to figure it out bro. Trying to get rid of the coach bro. Every week is crazy but until it happens y gotta take some type of accountability though bro. The players have to take some type of accountability. We can't keep firing the coaches bro. For sure. But did you not hear me say that everybody in that roster that said zero double 0, 4 3 can go. That's accountability. No bro you, you won the after ring on bro. No I wanted him gone 'cause Rick wasn't gonna pay. Like if you not gonna play what you doing? You holding me back. You win away. You try to get paid. Yeah listen nigga you respect Thank got bro you're well.


Some patience. We suck Magic beat the sun yesterday. One 15 to one 10. Listen man we talked about a tragedy they had How at the end day without front because the Phoenix sun sucked without Kevin Durant like one for nine. That's crazy bro. Come on bud. I've seen you work shit for less now. I dunno what's going on. Yeah bro like that had the talent. I know they gotta figure it out. I understand Losing the best player hurts but damn like the magic loss. We still won games when I was out now. Mm. Strike that. Mm when I was Katie for the Hawks. I respect that. Shout to Dennis.


The dentist held it down, you know what I mean with the blonde tip. Pause what he look like. That's crazy. Did you hold on, Dennis had the tip on this road. Did you have your Mohawk at the same time too? Was your I freaky back corn like that. Oh. Somebody about to pick stitch the shit out of this. I always wonder about that. I, I ain't had Mohawk. Oh okay, okay. Oh okay. Nah, I ain't had no Mohawk and just search them two together. Yeah just find them where they stand in the half court together while somebody's shooting a free throw or something. Yeah. Why we we can move on though man The Grizzlies beat the Wizards man.


There go beat the the fuck Outta deal. There go. Yeah they def fry. Actually you know how old that pick is. That had a def fry filter on them motherfuckers to the far left. See now hold on Mike, back up. Ain't no Mohawk right there. Wait, look at Dennis stroller hairline Mike, whatever you did before that screen. Okay Bru. Hold on. That's the new, that's when he got the lace front. Oh go back bro. There's a blonde tip. Nah bro, respect. Ricky Backward is crazy. That nigga had the first unit then stroller guy for the Steve Harvey in the league. That's how that Right.


Come on man. Shout out to my niggas in out to Barber. I know that crazy give, hey nigga was winking the bitch. You get that line up as crazy nigga. Then he go in the barbershop and point on the wall like gimme this smile. No nigga get That's what he was cutting his here. He just had got here. Right. My man like he had just got here. Nah respect bro. They they got him right after. Damn none didn't do that. That nigga him like that. That's crispy. Oh God.


He used to cut, he used to tape his own ankles at first. Hell bro, he like my nigga, they they tape ankles bro. He ain't even from Africa. They used German. German. Damn y'all did this right. Hey man Sons, y'all gonna have to figure it out man. Y'all can't keep losing man. I, I lost to, I mean the Magic's still a good team but they lost both the all stars to figure it out man. Y'all got two too? Yeah, last night for sure. Going crazy bro. 26 p something slight. He books it at 25. What he does best for sure. Grizzlies beat the whistles yesterday. One 40 to one 12. We're not putting up there because the wizard just got smacked again. It's a surprise. We need to talk about the the Grizzly. So Yeah, most definitely talk about the Grizzlies. They, they, they are forced to be working with in the west.


John. He's probably the most athletic guard I've ever seen. Mm. To go back line on a seven four dude for Zingus and a double clutch like Vince Carter. That was crazy. Did y'all see that bro? Come on after telling us he wasn't dunking no more and did that shit so slight like he did like the safe version of that shit. That shit was crazy. Shout out to Scotty Pippen Jr too. Yeah Scott man hooping for sure maximizing your role bro. That's crazy. Well man that's like the ja effect. Everybody who know what I'm saying? Who tap in with Ja They play well they play together like you said the energy by Anthony Edwards with Ja Rent. It's apparent bro. It's a totally, the whole entire building is different when he there bro.


Yeah I, I speak high because what's up boy Desmond bang too. Oh hell yeah. I just feel like he just give them a different type of confidence and I Desmond Bain. No you my dog bro. I just don't know if you've had the same effect on the different team. I think he one the players you could put, especially now in his career, he could put him on another like I'm talking about in the beginning though. Oh no, no, no, no, no. Playing with Ja Help Eternity. Yeah you know what, what I'm Gabe. Nah I ain't gonna say Gabe but you know what I'm saying. Help him solidify career early. For sure. Yeah, no doubt he win Jerry Jackson Jr. For sure. Like the benefits of playing the players like him bro. Nah, y'all turned them up. That's crazy man. Ja ran going crazy shots to the Grizzlies. What do they need to to put them over at a hump or even put them in a Denver Nuggets?


Milwaukee bump Cam Johnson. They get Cam Johnson and they tried to, before they get Cam Johnson they they a real team for sure they like because they already good. Yeah they second in the west right now. They competing at a high level. They get Cam Johnson another wing solidified you see you can see championship. I mean they right there. If everybody I'm I don't they just play well against Boston. I don't know if they could beat them in a seven game series but I think they could win the West. They get Cam Johnson I mean Right. Everybody stay healthy. Yeah right now the Thunder, the Thunder and the Grizzlies are one and two.


So in the seven game series, both teams healthy. Who y'all got Thunder and Grizzlies? Yeah if they re for Cam Johnson got right the G with Cam I got the Grizzly I would go Grizzlies too if, because as good as I think SGA is. I think that in the playoff series Ja would be the one to take that over. It'd be very interesting to see. Very, very interesting to see. But I think that I'm doing with nothing. I ain't gonna lie. You run with the Thunder. I mean that big guys you be rolling with him. I dunno bro. Who the fuck gonna guard Che? Who gonna guard Youngster with the hold down? The he gonna have guard.


He guard Che. Okay Guard on that ring room not around that perimeter bro. And then when Big Edie get back. For real for real. That's a fire ass matchup though. That's a hell of a series. If they got Cam Johnson, they don't got Cam Johnson. I got the Thunder they can trade to get Cam Johnson. I know that probably won't happen but But you gotta give up somebody then bro. You giving up. They want picks, picks some of them young guys they got Bench. Okay. Yeah you gonna have to give picks for sure. I like Scottie Pippen Jr game so much though for sure. Underwriting pickup for them. I know he don't always play but Jay Huff was a good offseason pickup for boy. The patience was looking at him. I was pissed we didn't get it but that boy can shoot Nah straight up he he wore ppp get them bro in 20 minutes a night.


It's 48 minutes in the game bro. It's shout to Jaylen Wells rookie too. Kill it. Shit need it bro. He like they knew Ty Jones, he played well. Yeah he can't really turn it over play well Marcus smart plan for listen man the Grizz is a solid team man. We know what Jack can do. He moved to needle every time for sure. Spurs we the Pel yesterday won 21 to one 16 win be 25 to 10 certain slight. But hey man, shout out to CP three second place all time and assists man. A whole lot of assists boy crazy. He really number one John Stockton shit inflated. Ain't John Shout stock all bro Cap bro. Yeah some his is Cap. That's crazy bro. You know what's funny 'cause we always used to look at that list and be like bro ain't nobody ever catching John Stockton bro.


Nah as many years as niggas played and as good as they were it's like nobody was ever gonna come close. Now that's crazy that we we getting real about that bro. I wonder why that's not a thing for real though. That kind of went under the rug. Yeah it kind of like, yeah they, we inflated his stats but and you know, you know the industry part about that is we didn't start hearing that shit until after he started saying he wasn't fucking with under that covid stuff either. Yeah so I, I, I wonder, you know what I'm saying the timing that's real interesting for me. But he was a killer though. Shout out. Nah e lee bro. But them playing with them numbers like that bro. That's kind of interesting. I seen him in person bro Hall but he is a lot bigger than what I yeah bro he like six three bro. Yeah he not he I seen him in LA I swear to God bro a restaurant and I was, I did not know like and he not no little motherfucker he damn near like spoiled.


He like two 10. Yeah. Yeah I'd never seen him. Of course I why would I ever run into fucking John Stockton but I saw him, I said bro there's no way that's him bro. That's what I thought. So I walked up on him. I said nigga taller me. I'm like hey little white dude can't guard nobody and shit. He bigger than me. Everybody think he built like Steve Nash. Nah nah he logistics four but Steve Nash like six three. Yeah, yeah but I'm saying he's bigger than Steve Nash bro. Yeah like damn near Body Slam a motherfucker type shit bro. Yeah because Paul, I remember watching like some of the drinks he so I be like damn why ain't not nigga John Stock. Look that nigga Leg definition was Scott's like oh that's how y'all be killer bro. So him walking up guarding chest up players like that. I'm like damn. Yeah he probably really was on that for real.


I, I used to whoop shit too. Charles John stock about bi when I first seen bi I thought he was a small guard and you see him, he'd walk up, he like damn nah he taller than me John Stock. Nah he's bigger than that bro. I ain't bullshit. Damn man. But shout out to CP man like you said that's really number one 'cause Nah hell damn. The allegation that says CP been going crazy a long time. Where's your favorite cp? Damn what? What spot? My favorite CP was the Hornets. Yeah, that's mine too. You know what, I'm gonna mix it up. I'm gonna go kc him reviving Tyson. Chandler career was big. I'm gonna go OKC bro.


OKC when he had, you know what I'm saying, young show him how to do it. He was and that was killing. Come on bro. Team back to play crazy too though. CP with the Hornets bro. Different cp. I was a fan in high school when he was in high school. 'cause his story about his grandfather. Yeah that was hard. Crazy. I was like damn. That's what made me like notice who Chris Paul was. Then he went to Wake Forest and he was excited to watch there made me want to go to Wake Forest. Then when he got to the league I was at Wake Forest and he was with New Orleans. Nah, he was nasty. He was crazy. I I was saying I was sleep on David West, he made me a fan. Yeah and listen bro, I know he would be saying a lot how they feel about Chris Paul regardless.


Chris Paul won to codis. Yeah basketball one of Thug Co. His first ball. One of the best pgs to ever played basketball. Don't ever get it fucked up. I ain't gonna lie him in New Orleans bro. I, I try to mimic his game bro. He was cold snake in a pick and roll. Yeah. How to steal the basketball, all that shit. I took all that stuff from him. So he, he definitely was an influence on my game. Then when I got to the league, you know he start figuring different stuff out. He start watching film on other guys. But CP was like the guys tried to take a lot of stuff from me. He was caught. Sure man out to CP three man. Yeah Rocks beat the clips yesterday one 17 to 1 0 6 Jalon Green, 31 Thompson twin 22 and eight.


The Thompson twin code bro. Yeah, tar Easton and him. They a young wing duo and they still got Ken Whitmore. They got some young wings bro. Waiting in the waiting bro. Bro. Houston got they alright I'm gonna say it now. They got a young Boston. They a young Boston. Mm with them young wings bro. Jalen Green. I ain't mad at you bro Thompson. I see what they doing and the scary part about it is, I, I was reading some stuff online about Ken Wilber. They were just like, you know they showing their young talent because now they got so many people that at some point somebody gonna have to move and they got the talent, they got the draft capital and they got a little bit of bread.


They go get somebody to pair up with that team and make them a serious contender with the west and keep that young talent too. So that's dangerous to have them type that many type of players and we're, it's a premium on the type of players bro. I see what they doing though. Yeah, they, they getting wings like Boston did. Getting tall, versatile wings and play all of 'em. Play 2, 2, 4 and match up with people. I see what they doing


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


Hi, I'm Jordan and I know you're in the middle of one of your programs but finding out if Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligrams is right for you or a loved one means more than you know. So hit pause and visit K-I-S-Q-A-L i.com.


Game on because ESP n plus content is now available on Disney Plus. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from n plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action on Christmas Day. Tip off the festivities with the Spurs and Nicks followed by the Mavs and Timberwolves. Then a clash between the Lakers and Warriors, followed by the 76 ERs and Celtics. And finally the Nuggets face off against the suns all streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus where a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the ultimate horror. Now streaming and on Disney Plus follow the adventures of four kids across the galaxy as they meet unlikely allies and enemies and Star Wars skeleton crew starring Jude Law now streaming. Finally team up with morally flexible Deadpool and hesitant Wolverine in the blockbuster film. Marvel Studio's, Deadpool and Wolverine now streaming the greatest stories live on Disney Plus available with a bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


Yo this is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintages fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where closets get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal and all your favorite dead style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any Door Yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters Or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay so go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep and switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Yeah man Rock is handling down for show right now man. Now Kings beat the jazz so bad yesterday we didn't even talk about it but 1 41 to 97. I I mean listen, I know y'all trying to get Cooper but come on man. Nah that's what you do. That's how you do it. Yeah, come on man. Keep it going bro. Come on man. Bro. Tank even harder. No limit tank bro. That's crazy. Going to the Utah Jazz is crazy but Cooper, but it's what? It's bro, it might go to the Wizards though. I dunno if that's better. I'd rather be in Washington though. Oh we would most definitely rather be, I think I would rather see Cooper in Utah New Balance once Cooper in Utah, I, oh I mean you know for business wise I get it.


I'm just coming from my personal off record. I'd rather be in Washington, Utah to your business for sure. You know it's always the off season. Most definitely. But I just, I don't know, I think Cooper gonna go somewhere. He need to go somewhere where he can be a great third option or some shit like that. I dunno if he just ready to come in and give him the ball and expect him, he Washington done. Don't send him to Washington. I'm just, just said the two. I mean if, if he goes to, I'm just thinking, I'm just thinking of the worst two teams in the league. Yeah. Is Serrano still garbage? Nah, they doing send him to Portland. Portland wouldn't be bad for send 'em to Portland. Nah, Portland is cool coach too.


Yeah. Great, great coach. No expectations go who bro? Hey City, they embrace their own good fan base. Yeah. Yeah. They embrace their own for sure. You see him the DC boy right now. What they got going on? Who be out the league three years boy. What weekend with jp? My boy be out the league man. Nah, JP be hooping though. Killing. Hey we gonna talk about my boy too. Hey, drown in the pool. That's a, that's a funny ass celebration bro. Bro. He's doing whatever he wants to in the NBA A now and I'm fucking with it. I'm too champion. Y'all seeing me here. Fuck it. It's what? It's he, he can really go to another contending team and give him some, you know, I mean some smoke off the bench too somewhere, bro.


He, he's a person, he still like that bro. He's the person who go to a contender team and move a needle. He was very, very important on that Warriors Championship team. So, and it's crazy 'cause I would love to have him back right now because if they had him back right now, huh? I dunno they don't need him though. Yeah, they, if they had Jordan pool right now, bro. We talking about the differently. Dunno bro, him, Steph and Buddy. That's crazy. That's, that's niggas who's not missing. And like you said in that championship run bro. He is a big reason. I mean we know he wasn't the main reason but shit, boy, he, he go to the Grizzlies. Nah, hang on. Nah, no I'm something Fuck.


Let's go bring the pool party to Memphis. Shot that down quick. Did he? Nah that ain't good. That ain't the, nah it's up. I like that idea. Bring the pool party to Memphis is fucking up. Hell chop. Nah he don't fit. He don't fit what we got going on this school. Just shake me off the bitch bro. I'll shoot with everybody else out. Oh man. We play defense. Yeah, that's not the vibe. That's not why I'm here bro. Nah, I don't, it don't fit our vibe. I mean 25 means I ain't gotta guard nobody. Mark is smart. Hell that's your job bro. I'm gonna do my legacy beat. The players was like 1 0 7 to 98, 80, 30 and 11 something slight.


Man I don't even wanna talk about the Lakers too much man. M sick. Yeah, do whatever y'all gonna do set out there. Did he? Yeah. Oh man. Have y'all seen this is a side but have y'all seen little bro They was like his first shot, his first dunk and they shot this nigga shoot the hook shot isn't it? Hit the side of the re I'm gonna get that video for y'all bro. Yeah. 16 though the other day. D Yeah. Nice little trace down block. Yeah they playing bro. That nigga did a hook shot in the game bro. That bitch hit the side of the glass. I love Brody. Let's, I need the jersey.


Shout out to Brody James the legend. Another team. I don't know why we keep talking about on this show.


Monday night Football Bengals at Cowboys. Please take the over on the Bengals, the draft Kings parlay will win you money. Bet on the Cincinnati Bengals tonight. You will win. Bet on the Cowboys. You need to call the hotline below 'cause you have a problem.


Hmm. Knicks at Raptors. How y'all feeling about that? Knicks by 30. Knicks by 30 something slight. Okay. Doesn't really matter for sure. All right man. We talked about a little bit on the pod dropping today, but college football rankings. We go through 'em one more time for the morning Show Oregon at one Georgia, two Boise State. Three Arizona State. Four. Those are the first four who get the buy. Last we got Texas verse Clemson five verse 12. Penn State verse SMU six and 11. Notre Dame IU seven 10 match up and eight verse nine. Ohio State Tennessee. That Notre Dame IU match up for Indiana. People's crazy. That's gonna cause some beef out here. I just can't believe Ohio State is eight.


Yeah man. Losing losing that game in Michigan really set them back. Yeah, I'm about see what 200 can gimme if I bet on Georgia winning the whole thing right now. Damn. I'm, I'm sure it won't be too crazy 'cause they definitely a favorite for sure. Yeah, I no organs number one. I bet you get a lot of money. You picked Boise State win the whole thing boy. I probably get a real freak off mansion. Oh listen, sponsored by DraftKings. SMU Put the house on that boy. You can win the whole entire country. Boise State three. I dunno. I no money on Ohio State to win it all though. Y'all faith on Ohio Safety win at all? Not really, but mm.


I like that. I like that match how you feel here. I know you ain't the biggest college football guy. Any anyways you feel swayed to. Nah bro. I, I'm trying to see what my money do. Turn you up. Why you thinking about Alamo? BUV Colorado? Gimme BY Hunter. Yeah Gimme BYU. Yeah. Oh you see it? They was in the, they in the big 12 ain't they? I mean B in acc. I forgot that Big 12, big 10 Colorado by 10 after that close game B. They the, yeah they was the best in the conference. That's cool. No they wasn't. Yeah they was.


Yeah they was. They was. They was number one all year. Yeah, I'm tapped in. I just wanted him to figure it out. But yeah we got a hundred on that. Y'all YouTube. There we go. I got BYU taking that game. Huh? Was that the toilet bow? What that bow was? Oh damn. That's crazy. Arizona State won. Yeah. Gonna say they wasn't. So there was two Arizona State. I mean saying that's why it was in that Bow U led the conference all year ago. Yeah, they really did. So you got Spooky, the pop Tar Bow Miami verse Iowa say that's a funny ass name. That's a real bow. Yeah bro. What's BYU in Colorado bro?


Alamo Bowl. Oh the Alamo Bowl. Where they play at in San Antonio. I can probably imagine that would only make sense if they did the Quis Bowl. Alabama versus Michigan. That is funny as hell. Oh Alabama and a bowl game. Alabama mad. Hey man y'all lost three games man. Alabama. That sounds crazy. Sure the schedule. I get it bro. But that's crazy. Y'all lost three games bro. Mm, three games is crazy in college football bro. It's, it's in Alabama and a bowl game. Sound crazy. Alabama verse who? Michigan. Ugh, that's crazy. 'cause that bow about to do numbers, facts. I don't know where ever the roller Quest bowl lives, but y'all just came up.


Y'all got two crazy fan bases. Niggas is pulling up. Gross Michigan had a Michigan happy this year. They be all say they don't give a fuck about nothing else. Nah. Yeah they, they ruined their season. Yeah, imagine that Fora would've knocked him out the playoffs. That'd have been funnier if they would've knocked the house out the playoffs that lost bro, they would've really been happy as hell. But shit, they can't like they're supposed to man verified buckets. B he who was getting to it yesterday? Draymond Green going straight to Dre. Off the iso. Off the iso. I don't care about nobody's stats on here bro. It's going, my verified bucket is going to my boy Draymond out the gate. Man. I wear this hat today man. Give well soon for Yanks fans wine. Soto got that bag, got got 15 years.


7 65 Biggest deal in sports history. 765 s. How old is he bro? We have to look that up. But listen, they gonna be there for, if I'm across that field I need all that contract. But after 2029 they go up for me. Yeah, say yeah just as well they can get up to 8 0 5. I wonder what, what type of opt-outs or stuff they be having because them, them MOB contracts be insane. 26 he can get up to 8 0 5 out to that boy. Shout out to you Juan. Imagine the girls he about to have in New York. Juan Soto. Oh yeah. Where he from? Because I already know his home. He knows he from Columbia, Dominican, whatever. He probably Dominican.


He need a fuck around be from Cabo. A nigga being from Cabos. Fuck Juan. Oh he from Dominican. Ooh I not Black got Dominican. He got the, they out there though. He got the joints back home. He about to own half a Dr. Yeah, for sure. It's a wild place. 7 65 is crazy man. Shout out to him. You could bring a few of them over here. Oh for sure The real pipeline. Oh Mike, Mike said move on. Sorry Mike, you can though. Baseball without Borders. See look that's how it goes. That's a real program.


See International, see you know nothing. He ain't tapped in bro. It's real. Unco wan Unco Wan is real. My verified bucket is joke bro. The averaging 52 over the last two games bro. 50. Come on bro. What we doing? Damn, this is like video. This is how I am on 2K. Mm Oh Lord. We got beat by some guys on 2K. Alright. Hey my boy Ko put a, he put a post on Twitter and said bring the real five next time Jamar was down there and said that wasn't real. Five I seen it wasn't a real five. Okay. Okay. I refuse. I'm not going. I told him I'm not playing with them dudes no more. Mm. Y'all been kicked off my team. Damn. Damn.


I looked, I seen Malcolm on I, I said I know if few on there. Okay. But Malcolm decided to get a center. This nigga can't ever play center, center ass. Oh so it's Malcolm's fault let's go. Nah, he he good. He good. He small. Four guard Mal Cole. He getting you 20, 28 and eight. He talking about I'm play center getting me five and six. What the hell is you doing? You got box out out. You know he ain't the center Jamar play center I'll play center. Mm. Yeah Jamar plays center in jail so shit, he and that nigga five six Justin Jamar. Shout to my boy pass. I'm just just saying them Marion County rec league one boy wore 53.


He used to box out like a motherfucker down there. He was holding down a Pendleton. 53 is a crazy no like that man. Best screener in the business. Roll the wrong way. He was a live threat. Bounce man you outta pocket man. It was the truth bro. It used to dunk on me. It did. He used to jump huh? Yeah get that for shit that used to have a 40 years that nigga came. Oh man. Grab a net. That's crazy man. Shout athletic criminal. Shout out to my dog man. I'm gonna show some love at as Watkins this morning from South Carolina. You know what I'm saying? We don't get to see too many ducks. You know what I'm saying? The ladies game came through on a break yesterday.


Check her birth certificate. You said check her birth certificate's crazy trying shit. I'm just that's you ain't taking them out her age. She's American. Trump's American. Trump said he's taking that outta sport. They ain't never stopped nothing. You talking about she American like it's just four motherfuckers doing that. That's where they gonna get the surgery. Come back. Nah. Oh we gotta play. Shout to Hbn. They said we ain't clearing that for y'all. All right listen man. Who need to start that shit though. You say bitch dang that's hard though. I like her when she go to South Carolina right? Yeah. Yeah. Shout out to South Carolina. Women's basketball is elite now I can finally watch it.


Rash Glad you tapped in. Listen man. Monday morning, who needs to start that we got with some courage. We be here and get well soon. I'll give it to KP J Man. Amen. Dunking on his ass. Yeah man that was bad. Lemme see that. Trying to play a little defense but fuck around and found out. Jazz was about 44 is wild too though. Yeah, but that's nasty bro. That's just, I mean but the fixes in. Yeah but but God damn bro. Didn't nobody like hooping. Damn. Damn. You remember the worst, like the worst loss you had in the NBA? Hmm. Nah, I had lost about 30 a bunch of times bro. Damn. The only loss I can remember that like really stick out to me is like he got, damn, he got punched on.


The worst loss to me is probably we was up 30 Damn lost by like 15. Damn the yep. Damn bro. Y'all was up by 30 my first half, shit. That's what bro I told you as is cool. You was up 30. That's so disrespectful bro. Bro that is crazy. So disrespectful. I remember one game we was getting beat by like 35 against the the game I smack belly. Mm. They was beating us by like 30 is when we was on that crazy little street. They ended up beating us. That came that game. But we was up, we was down 30, we came all the way back in like 10 minutes. Cut the lead, tied it up.


That's why I smacked belly because I was mad like not to play that clip or nothing. But I'm just saying that. Yeah that was that game. Damn man. Damn. The stories behind the stories be crazy. Hey man, get well soon. K bj man he tried to play a little defense didn't work out Mike. Well Soons going to D offer yesterday man. Taking it to football. This is ridiculous. That's crazy. Hey he asked what the fuck. Hey somebody run that clip because hey that was a happy Justin Jefferson is the best wide out in football bro. Look at him. He has no ball skills Bow man.


He got no ball. The ball make it worse though. But I'm saying did he fake him out or something? He played for it. I know him in my Falcons. Yeah your Falcons. That's crazy boy. Boy if you don't get your man, I dunno why he just didn't follow him. That's why I'm was it a didn't. So your job needs to follow him. That's to be in in zone bro. They was in zone. Well he was in zone zone six. That nigga was out of pocket. Damn boy. Them night to get, you can't take the animal before the game. I see why they make your nigga bed at 10 on Saturday They do that. These niggas, that's why they got a curfew. 'cause yo stupid ass shout out to the wrong niggas gotta be in bed by 10 on Saturday night.


I heard didn't take edibles before the game and shit. John Raro them the homies man. Man he took one because ain't no way in hell boy if you don't get your, I'm still laughing though. They show that Brandon Jacobs was doing lots of coke for high school football games bro. You didn't what high school did you go to bro? Damn, Brandon Jacobson. He was doing cocaine. Yeah he did. He did a line before. He played a high school football game once. He said he was killing, he was a killer. He should kept that to you. So I told you bro that can do something to you. That motherfucker can't activate. You seen my wrestler type people bro. The real cocaine. Yeah. Nah man, that's crazy. I seen the moves he put on crazy. That nigga sick took the whole eight balls just went crazy.


Yeah, the real gold duh me somebody pizza the i it alright be here. Listen it's Monday. They ain't have a good week last week. Let's start the week off. Right. Be here with you got for man. I know those Christmas bonuses are coming fellas. You know what I mean? It's really time to get rid of her. Evict her immediately.


Luca 30 points. Luca 10 rebounds to go with that 30 points. Shay 25 points. Carl Anthony Towns 25 Jalen Brunson will hit three threes tonight. I got the Milwaukee beaten Orlando tonight by nine points and Golden State is on the money line beating the rockets tonight. 1400 you a grand total of 94,355. One more time for how much did it get you? 1400. You a grand total of 94,000. The crown is yours. Come on man. Draft Kings then that money would be here.


They said you sabotaged. They said, you know what I'm saying? You covertly trying to get money out the black community, man. Nah, these par is ruining the black community brother. Nah, nah. Keep it in bro. Keep it in for listen. That's crazy. Keep it in it's nuts bro. I gotta get off there. I gotta go off that one bro. Keep it in. Keep it in. Oh shit. I'm staying in for sure. Listen man, we about to get up outta here, but for the Paton people Y what's the pulling out for? Oh, we gonna pull out Patreon. Paul, listen, we gonna stick around. Holler at y'all. It's a great day for us. We wanna show some love for y'all because we appreciate y'all so much. We'll be back tomorrow five 20 In The Morning. Patreon, hold on. We on the way The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Hi, I'm Jordan and I know you're in the middle of one of your programs, but finding out if Kisqali Ribociclib 200 milligrams is right for you or a loved one means more than you know. So hit pause and visit K-I-S-Q-A-L i.com.


Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus for bundle subscribers. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from e ESP n plus together like never before with ESPN plus unwrap a full day of NBA action streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus now streaming and on Disney Plus. Follow a new adventure across the galaxy in Star Wars skeleton crew. Now streaming terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com for details.


If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills, never ending food festivals, fresh, new dining experiences, outdoor adventures, and Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all. And visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it, and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save at Visit Orlando dot com.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.