
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in-network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I Get right back there and it's Bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It is kind of star studded a little bit. Man, We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to it. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen To new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


The volume. Alright Guys. Damn it's a party. Party glitch that take that nigga. That nigga stutter. What the fuck? Hey man, we got a production team in here at at midnight. You know what to it is real five the real morning. It's a party. Congratulations to the Indiana Pacers going to the NBA finals. You know. So I'm in here with Bishop Young Nacho, everybody who's joining us. Good evening. How y'all what Belt to ass in the garden again? What's good? What's good? Five 20 mo show. Five 20 is at your local bar celebrating right now.


You know what I'm saying? He, he we're gonna go live with him about 15 minutes, You know what I'm saying? He's getting some B roll for us out there. It's wild in Indiana streets right now. Yeah man. Bishop, what's up? Where that weak ass jersey at? Yeah. Yeah. Right, right over there where it belongs. That shit the fuck outta here it is up at Kilroy's right now. I want to, It is live in Brothers before start my rib shit. Brothers going crazy Before start my real shit. Yeah. Shout out to brother. Shout out to Tyrese daddy. Hopefully You know he ain't got hung yet. Pascal aka he killed tonight. Oh my. On me. Oh man. As let's keep it always true. Oh guys, shout to peace skills. Welcome to the playoffs Pascal. We've been looking for you bro. Pascal, you came up at a good time my boy.


This was, This was a big game. I wanted to make that the first thing I said on this Show. Yeah. Shout to peace skills. Yes sir. Ski Very efficient. Yeah. You solidified not really, I can't say solidified. You made it seem like well made it known that you're the number one option on the team. Mm Okay. Without him bro. I felt like it would've not got ugly but y'all needed him 'cause it Tyree got up to a slow start Man. Let's, let's talk about it man. Hell of a game tonight. Let's be very clear between the Pacers and Knicks. Game two was crazy. Pascal aka is a reason why the Pacers won this game single handedly kept us in this game the first quarter. He scored all of our points. Listen man, we heard Gilbert Reed this talking crazy. Everybody saying, You know what I'm saying? He ain't like that.


He showed up tonight. He was the best player in this game tonight for sure. Shout out to Pascal aka holding it down. Man. You know what got foggy though for me? It was in the first half Kat was killing. Yes sir. And New York took him out like that last three minute. It was like at the five minute mark in the second quarter. They took him out and he was rolling. He had scored nine in that quarter or whatever it was and they took him out. That was just bad coaching and he shot out the Ts but that was just a bad move right there. Let him cook. They had kind of a lead, You know they was kind of moving but like you said peace skills, Pascal, whatever y'all call him, he was hooping, he carried them. But I gotta give it to Tyree. Okay. His fourth quarter.


Like what he do in the fourth. Yo he's really solidifying himself as a superstar. Like his fourth quarter presence is crazy. Yeah. Like he ain't ducking no smoke in the fourth. He like he going at boys and it surprised me to see Jalen Bronson running from that 'cause he was hedging hard on screens and Tyrese was pointing him out looking for him. They both was doing the same shit running from each other. Yeah. But to see Jalen Bronson when he actually got on, You know Tyrese eyes lit up, hit a big three. Damn. And it's just like damn, like I love both of y'all. I love both of they games so much but damn like somebody gotta have a little bit of pride, You know what I mean? I guess that's why I fuck with Nihar.


Yeah because he killed and he a guard the best player even though I, You know he is what he is but he ain't a star. But he ain't ducking it though. Nah He not. Nah And that's the one thing I always say, especially him nie. Even bitter math, they don't duck from they matchup. Nah they ain't. If you going at me, I'm going at you type and knee Smith we have seen historically listen those free throws he hit was so big. Nah that corner to push his game. Nah that corner three he hit him and Miles. Man y'all I'm telling y'all knee Smith whatever his deal is, y'all better extend that motherfucker out. I don't know what year he is. He's locked in for another two years. We are great there next year to him. Yeah. Yeah But Tim Tim's gotta get it together. He also said Cat down in the fourth quarter Two a long time.


Fucking long. And I was gonna ask y'all that first things first man I know that Mitchell Robinson gives you a lot of impact but it was smart for Rick Carl to use that, that hacker strategy. You know what I'm saying? What it mattered in the fourth. Yep. I don't understand why what Ka was on the been so long. I really don't. It is kind of crazy 'cause historically he plays the guy so much and I think it's starting to fuck with his head a little bit and like ride with ride him out shit you done did all year. Fuck it. Play 'em all. Play the whole game now. Like play 'em the whole game. Yeah and they didn't seem fatigued because this game was at their pace really until spur of the third and sports of the fourth like free throw line time to catch up. Look at the menace. Not high at all. Especially what they compared to. Yeah only Mikhail Bridges gonna play the whole game.


We know how he would, he don't need no break Mike. He played the whole game but he caught on late too. He had a slow start as well. Most definitely. But again, in late game situations, Mikhail Bridges was hitting all types of mids. Like you said he went 50% from the field. I'd rather see that than Jalen Brunson. I mad At that. The Knicks, You know how the Knicks lose these games bro. Jalen Brunson holds the ball for the shot clock is 24 second he's holding that bitch for 17. Yeah. Trying to get a pick and roll get bring another dude, bring another dude. I'm going one on one, I'm going on one. If he don't make it it's like fuck. You know what I mean? But you name a nigga Mr. Clutch bro. He gonna feel like shit it is me nothing. The room Mr. Clutch plays for Indiana Rs Tyrese Hall Burton got, it's the way he hold the ball.


They don't get no rhythm. Like that's why when they he comes out the game. Yeah All of a sudden the pace pick up, the tempo pick up. All of a sudden you see people start hooping a little bit. He hold the ball so long. He's a great player. Hell of a player, he makes tough shots, he does all that. But he hold it for 18 seconds and then they get one attempt. Luckily Mitchell Robinson be in the game and they might get a second and some of these guys get a shot of tent because he got an offensive rebound. But other than that he got the ball for 18 seconds. It was like no way in hell I want a hoop like that. That's how I knew the pace was gonna win this game. As soon as I watched the game start I was like oh Jaylen Brunson on that. He gon, they going, they gonna lose.


And You know what, to your point like you said last game when he goes out in the fourth OG gets five quick points. It's like everybody morale kind of, I mean we ain't putting no narratives out there but it's like damn I get the shoot now I get a chance to touch the ball right now. Yeah but campaigning them move the ball like when like you said Ka going in that second quarter Ka go on a crazy little run on his own. He getting the ball. They posting him, he going doing his shit. But when Jalen Brunson out there, he don't get to touch that motherfucker. He want to, he got that he James hard and God damn Russell Westbrook type shit on me ball dominant. But I don't know man that was the, this is when I can't hate on the pictures on this One. I can't either Like this game, any other game I'm hating. But this one right here, nah they they beat the ass.


I'm not, it was really too close to comfort for me 'cause I feel like the pace was supposed to air these niggas out. Oh free throws Jesus Christ. Please stop missing free throws. I'm happy we hit all the ones we needed to in the fourth. My Lord missing six free throws in the playoff game is crazy. Right. But this is my point also another thing that happened in this game, I really dissect this game 'cause I wanted to watch it for real to give a real like opinion instead of just being hating on dj. I really wanted to give opinion so like watching it which makes the Pacers good is Miles Turner. Like even though Bradley came in and Bryant Oh oh my god. Thomas Bryant minutes. Jesus Christ. Yeah he he almost lost all the camera. He played five minutes and was detrimental. Yeah but Jesus Christ, if you see like down to stretch Tyrese gets his switch with Jalen Brunson, he drives him to the basket.


Mitchell Robinson helps Miles Turner open four corner three. Nobody else in the NBA besides the Knicks but they don't use Cat Wright. So nobody else plays that way and has a center that can stretch the floor like that. That's the reason why the Pacers are good 'cause Miles Turner stretches the floor like that. Yeah like yo space, He open it up. Even if he ain't scoring he Opens it up. Yeah. Yo spacing is so good. Yeah, that's why guys like TJ McConnell are effective. Yes. Like he would not be that effective if he played with a five man who was a poster that stood in the paint. 'cause he can't really. Yeah. Shoot. All you have to do is wait to, our second unit is fully in and he in there with Thomas Bryant. Them layups that he get ark on. Yeah. Yeah it's gone.


Those are mids. It's and shout out to TJ Nash. The mids was clutch night. Yeah he made my boy was knocking that mini down. He Really low key been the X factor. These two. He who I told you he was gonna shine this series bro. Like the numbers don't You know if you watch the game, you understand the game. Like his buckets are not empty at all. No bro, those are important ass shots bro. Those are very, he got us 10 points in 15 minutes bro. No he leads the league and sits off the bench. We need him to hoop. Nah he hoops when he comes in the game at the pace pickup. Yeah the intensity pickup. He does his job very well. But I'm just saying the way they play, they spread out five out even though OB goes to the five or whatever it is. Yeah. Them playing five out like that with all shooters around you.


And if you, any type of penetrating guarder ain't got any kind of skills bro. You going to kill. That's why Tyrese, even though Tyrese is a good player and he can shoot the three when he get the hesitating and hitting you with all 'em like I'm about to shoot the three then he just go, it ain't no help down there. And if you do help he gonna pass Miles Turner big three, he's in the corner like most definitely and Tyse and I have a good game and I like you said, in the second half is especially the fourth quarter, he scored and did what he had to do. But I knew at halftime when, You know what I'm saying, he ain't have no points. And we was right there. I was like, ah yeah we we can take this game. Yeah. I didn't want this game. Yeah. I I never once felt like the Knicks was gonna win the whole game. I'm like yeah this ain't when Pastor I was up and down.


You know what I was, I'm gonna be real. I was up and down. It was too much pressure. Mm. I was like the Knicks, they, they cooked 'cause every time they did something it was like, it was like a sigh relief. Like if somebody hit a shot even you could hear the crowd. He like oh thank you. He made a shot like Kat hit the three off the rebound. Yeah. Everybody's like, oh thank you. He hit I'm like, oh that's too much pressure in there. They they scared. Damn there man. There was one possession where they got a bucket and they were so happy and then TJ N ran down the court and got a L and they was just like, oh. I was like ah yeah these niggas soft get them to fuck outta here. Yeah. I'm so happy we beat them twice in Master Square Garden. No that's fire. Get the brooms out. I don't, well get the brooms out. I'm not even, I'm not a Knicks fan so I don't give a fuck.


Yeah. So like I don't care. But it, it is cool to see like they actually a really good team. I, Ben said they a good team. I just don't fuck with the Pacers because, because of this nigga. Well we're Entering the building on Sunday. Yeah. Yeah. Hold on. Oh. So I shouldn't say I don't fuck with the pace because that's Oh I need the 44 team jersey. No, no, no. If you got a large 44 jersey, my I fuck with I need it. I fuck with the organization. 'cause when I was there they was really good people. I always speak highly. They train the staff and I always be highly of the owners and stuff. They, they treated me really very well. Yeah. So I'm not saying that the band, I'm not gonna say DJ a bandwagon fan. No dj, DJ been riding the whole time.


But y'all gotta understand how a podcast work and how it go. If somebody come in every, this nigga is telling the script. No, no, no. If somebody come in every fucking day and talk about how good they fucking team is and then you got a team and they not doing so well. Trey on your ass. Better be in a gym right now getting some fucking shots because you better than Tyree. God damnit, I wanna hear that. You going to the finals. Trey has never you fucking Right. Listen, my team t my team is the Hawks. So when you see somebody else team doing well be his team doing well. OKC. Oh yeah, we, we good. I don't mind two. If it's three, his team doing well. Three, four. This bitch, I'm the eyeball out so I gotta go.


I, I gotta start root for motherfuckers I played for. So that's what I start rooting for. Minnesota out nowhere. But you don't even fucking like me. I'm the most hated in Minnesota. Milwaukee don't like me either. You not. I start root for them. Niggas not good anywhere. Where you playing? Forgot I played in Indiana so I ain't good there though boy. I lit this motherfucker. Nah, you good bro. Go make sure you good. Nah, but we, we going to the game Sunday and it's up. Actually those things are for Tuesday. I'll be in the building Sunday. Holler at me. Oh it takes are Tuesday. That's even better. See Tuesdays even better. You ain't Gonna send me the game four when it Can be ugly. It's a close out game. Bring your brooms to game four. We getting them the fuck out this city. Oh I gotta really be able building it in For sure.


Yeah. I I I'm cool with game four on Tuesday. I don't want to go with a 500 there too. Ooh. They might put me on a, on a fucking nevermind. I say so. Yeah We we gotta enter the it's gonna be lit y'all. We gonna get so much hay. DJ gonna get so much love. I know. You be like we fuck with you dj. Fuck the mother toot them. We ain't doing that shit. What he say? I wait to see you man. Mock my cousin from Nicaragua. Shout to my nick. Shout to the bond. Hey it is really about to go up in the city. The Pacers are going to the NBA finals. No they're not. Yes we are mix and Six We just beat, we just swept y at the crib in the beginning of the series.


It is. We don't lose at the crib. Melt to ass. It is really kind of unreal to feel that the Pacers about to go to the finals like it don't feel right. You know what I mean? Like that's some shit. We always as a kid that grew up here, We ain't seen this since 2000. Yeah. And when and they, we knew they wasn't gonna win in 2000. Oh yeah. We knew this is for all the years that we had a fucked up roster because of Mal and the Palace. This for years. We had Jeremy Lynn after four 'cause nap Yorkin was a asshole for us this time Baby. I'm not, I'm not mad at it 'cause fucking Milwaukee went to the finals Nigga We Deserve Hold on, hold the the fuck up. We deserve. Hey hold the Fuck on a championship. I know you hate me but I'm, this is for, this is the shit for the city. Hold On.


Hold the fuck up. We way better city. What the fuck you talking about Milwaukee nigga? And that was just here recently. No, No you keep talking. I was on that team in Milwaukee. Yeah. I wouldn't give it the of Jesus play. Jesus. Moses, Abraham And jt. That's a crazy, that's a crazy squad. Nah, but if, if they go to the finals that yo we deserve. I forgot. I'm like damn Milwaukee fucking played in the final. So what? Like yeah nigga, but hold on. Why you My market teams. I'm like Damn. Hey you gonna quit doing my team like that? I'm back the Bucks fan. Now don't do that. And I guarantee Tyrese after party will be more far to yours bro. Oh for sure. We'll never let him down like that. Oh For sure, for sure. Pace.


Okay. C final is up. Man that is one of the worst finals. What did it need to do to try to get back in it? That's a fact. I this ain't no SMU o Indiana. But if you put OKC in Indiana in the final, that is a horrible final. Well it might That's like Battle are the small markets though. That's a, that's my team would be final so it's gonna be great for me. That's worse for than Milwaukee and Phoenix. 'cause that was a bad finals. Oh but people wanna watch us now. Yeah, yeah. I'm not, I'm not saying your team's not fine. I'm talking about the markets. Yeah. The NBA is very upset that they had. Yeah I'm talking final market. It's like the teams are exciting teams. Like those are two really good teams. Like you talking from a business standpoint. Yeah. I'm saying okay see fire. Yeah. And then Indiana they good ass teammate fired too. But from a business standpoint you like man we gotta send TNT to God damn Indiana or OKC.


Yeah bro they man we wanted t and t to stay in New York or Yeah for sure. You know what I mean Man, even Minnesota's not even a popping market like that. But T's gotta get back in that, in that coach's office though Man they need to call me. I got the blueprint. You gotta get in that coach's office. What they gotta do, they gotta quit fucking switching the ball screens man. Why are you putting your center? Because they don't play traditional basketball. We don't. So they get the switch. That's cool. Yeah and then Pascal and all them other dudes start moving around. Yeah Tyree start cutting and then they throw it back to Tyree and he got the big but Tyree, he's not Jalen Brunson. He not about to just sit there and IO you, IO you he gonna be looking like oh Pascal and got a switch now.


Now he got a little, he got McBride on him. True. Let me throw it to him like they don't play traditional like oh he got the big let's iso the big no. Yeah played traditional pick And roll like wild motherfucker. Hey Pascal, AKA was fucking hoop start To finish. Start to Finish. Are you Nick fans talking about oh DJ stupid. He don't know who he talking about. No Oog N Nomi don't want no smoker piece skills. He showed y'all so far. I'm gonna tell you the truth. What they gotta do, they gotta do late reds. What a late red is. It's different terminologies. People call switches to different things but we gonna call it a red. Right. They gotta fight over picking roll and make Tyree play in the two. Right. Yeah. And then they gotta scramble back out to Miles Turner.


Like if you the point guard, guard Tyree, I'm gonna fight over the screen. They switching so quick that Tyree know the switch is coming. Yeah like they switch. They almost kind of like pre switching like he come off the ball screen. Oh we switching, we here I get Ka like he just going to dribble over to the screen. Let me get Kat on me. Let's pass it around and bring it back to me. I'm a iso cat. Whatever. It's like man making plate and the tools for a little bit. I switch back out, I'll run that cat. I'll run that Miles turner then Miles turner gotta make a decision. Yeah but I don't know why they switching so much bro. They switching so easy like they switching so Because everybody can guard they first four can guard everybody. Yeah But they switching so like it's not enough. It's like if we hooping and instead of you making it tough on me, like fighting over the pick and roll making me throw it back to miles turner, miles Turner gotta do something.


I just go over there and be like, here be here. Come guard me. I just drip over to your side. Come guard Me. Honestly I think that's nigga nigga's probably trying to catch a, that's a good call. And I agree with you but I think they trying to catch some win too bro. Nah bro. Niggas probably tired bro. You get that lazy on defense the whole game is no, no They healthy. They seven, they play 45 minutes a game. Everybody play the whole Time. No you right dj. But I'm saying them niggas probably like shit. Lemme catch a break. I'm saying that is switch. No that's a, that's a lazy, it's a la love it. It's a lazy switch 'cause y'all giving Tyree what he want. Like if I know you about to automatically just put Cat on me. If I call Miles or Miles come here, come here and Kat gonna switch on me. Like it ain't gonna be no fighting over the pick and roll.


It ain't no I know I got the same dose all game. Yeah I'm gonna figure it out. Yeah. Like the first half Tyrese was a little confused like okay damn they gonna let Cat guard me by time the second half came they doing the same shit. He like oh shit I got Kat, I know that you can't guard me. True and I ain't gonna hold you a lot of the first half when Tyrese was making the Good Reads, we were not shooting the ball. Like Obie didn't have his best game at night. There's a lot of reads where Obie was supposed to catch the ball and shoot but he's just dribbling back into it and giving him the same action again. I'm telling ya. 'cause it was fucked up. 'cause they would, they didn't think they'd be dumb enough to just keep switching like oh we gonna switch one through five. Yeah. And they like, oh they switching one through five. I knew they was cooked. I was like oh Tyree about to see I can get Kat, I can get my three off anytime I want.


Once I hit one it is up. Yeah. Tyree look real comfortable out there man. 'cause you playing against a seven footer. Yeah it ain't no pressure. Ain't nobody jabbing at you. Indiana don't do that shit. Miles Turner not switching on to him. No, no, no. God no. No. We don't even do that with guards now we making me fight and him or a fight You Tyree ho hedging like no they keeping the body that same. They primary defender. They trying to keep him on him. Yeah. Nah, they not giving Jalen Brunson. He doing everything in his power. He dribbling a thousand times while he shooting with 18 seconds left. 'cause he trying to get the switch but they not switching. Nah, only people that switching is Nihar and Knee Smith.


Everybody else is fighting either sagging. That's why that's the shot. They in a shot clock so long. And You know what, I'll be a shepherd an apology man. I I've been, I've been speaking slander of your name. He made some, you definitely deserved it. But you been playing great these last two games. I got some respect because even last game, that mustache, that goddamn poor mustache. You are not, you were not 38 with that mustache. You were in your twenties bro. We got you for a better barber. But last game even he had a kick out to a three 50. I know that kick it off. That could be slaying in that motherfucking party with Tyrese. The poor mustache he went to, he went to Belmont too. Who? That's a hell back court there. Go crazy at the brothers. Damn. I know somebody went to Belmont from the city. I can't think of him right now. Yeah, George Campbell. Yeah.


Yep. Absolutely. Shout to jc. Yeah and he was playing them too. Oh, he was a demon. Yeah, before your lady. Oh he back got lady. You were, you was going crazy at Belmont. You was a real stiffler.


Listen, the NBA finals are almost here and every play could lead up to the moment that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the Draft King Sports book and the official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that Code Club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's Code Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crowd is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see eng.co/audio.


These days I can do anything from my phone, book a vacation order, a meal from a five star restaurant, buy and trade stocks. But maybe the most amazing thing I can do is make my dirty laundry disappear and then reappear perfectly washed and folded. I have Rinse To thank for that, I just schedule a pickup in the Rinse app or@rinse.com. A rinse valet comes to get my clothes and before I know it, they're back crisply folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning, which is returned hanging in a nice rinse garment bag. And with Rinse, my satisfaction is guaranteed. If for any reason I'm not happy, they'll reclean my clothes for free. Best of all, rinse saves me tons of time each week. That's time I get to do something I love versus something I have to do. So if you wanna save loads of time by not doing loads of laundry, remember there's an app for that rinse. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order@rinse.com. That's RINS e.com.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes. But there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, but not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser Told them from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and It's bad. It's really, really, Really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne. For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote Drug vans. Benny the Butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill, NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine. Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Kara Moosh, What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to him. It Makes it real. It Really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


I am Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right man. Super chat. Where we at FE 9 7 3 said KC. Indie Final going. Do less numbers than Kaitlyn regular season game facts. Fuck outta here with that two doll. Nobody in Super Chat. Two. Jesus Abraham, Jeff T Who? The five? We didn't answer that for two. That broke shit outta here. I'll remain unimpressed patient. Five T how we feel K in Talk to him. I ain't mad nigga. Why y'all think I'm mad? I don't mad. I really love to see that. I can't wait to go to this game but I, I'm more excited about the OKC match. Yeah because they play different than the Knicks. Yeah, we'll see them there. Y'all won't. Yeah. Nixons six. How much I don't you worry.


Super. Check to get Jeff Cor side boy. Shit Brandy dangerous Google that put 1,015 hundred in the check. Them little $2 ain't gonna help us get there. 1500 in the check. Put a check with a check with a check. Pimp mc voice nigga. Y'all might as well send me the goddamn, what's that Cabana School from University. I promise to God when them people see your ass walk through their motherfucking Arena nigga it is your As. Hey make sure you bring The carrot. They gonna talk shit to me. But you, You gotta make sure they announce the jumbo tribe because I dunno if they gonna bull here be Swift. Make sure they find us bro. Make sure they find us somewhere. The crowd. We probably up in yonder.


I'm probably about Mel Daniels jersey. But I know our season of nose bleed. Hey, I don't know if the season, are you sure the Thunder both games this regular season? Because I thought we beat them. Man, you ain't beat the fucking Thunder. Thunder whoop your ass one. God what? 32 to one 11. Okay. 1 21 14. Okay. December game is the game we gave up. Okay, that's cool. It's it is a totally different team now let 'em tell it. I Respect man. Locked in man. Recap. Now the Pacers, they definitely got a chance against the Thunder I think. Oh yeah. Come on now we of course the pace. Of course the way the Thunder play defense though is a lot different than anything that the Pacers who?


Who on guard Shane. Who gonna guard Jay gon guard Do since we already writing this final OKC verse Pacers? Yeah, that's, we writing it already. That's script. I'm not though. Okay, y'all got it. Be here. Go ahead. Pay that way. Okay. Get that. Get that count ready. I don't know who you owe but pay What you brother. You know what's so crazy on some real shit. People haven't been banned me this series. Mm. Niggas been on the fence about this. Well guess what really is, I got some new shoes on the way. I will put your name on this podcast if I don't get my bread within two, four hours after conclusion of this series. No, no. Suave me and Suave got something Ve. Oh see Chop the swerve. The thing about okay see Defense everybody can guard. Yeah. Yeah. Like it ain't nobody you can hunt.


Even if you try to hunt Shay he's six six, he ain't really going. They be trying to hunt him on with Minnesota with ae. Yeah. And there ain't no, there ain't really no Duckers over there. Even when Caruso come in, when Wiggins come in, it ain't nobody hiding. Yeah. And they aggressive so it should be interesting. It's gonna be a hell of a matchup. I seen Miles and I seen Isaiah Hartstein last year. I like that bump. I think Chet's gonna be a problem for us. That Che verse Pascal matchup. But he's ain't no guard. Pascal. You know who gonna guard him? Who? Jaylen Williams. I put a bow. That's my dog. What's that? What's that Second team all Second team, second team All Rock with J.


You know I speak highly my bow but hey y'all see what he just did tonight. Y'all told me OGN Noby was Premier Defender. Y'all would've told me that he's a better defender of Jaylen Williams, correct? No, Jalen Williams just made second team on defense. Nano. He didn't make nothing. Okay. He didn't make nothing. Well what I just saw night from peace skills, good luck, no Peace skills. Did his motherfucking Good luck 40 Ball. But see the thing about this is peace skills never did this in the playoffs. Don't disrespect And I think he will. No for real. This this might be round. Yeah this postseason. Yes I Agree. Oh this might be his like top one of his best games. Nah bro. He killed last year in the postseason bro. Nah Bro, I gu listen y'all, He had a run in Toronto and he was killed Toronto too. Y'all do y'all basketball. Shit bro. But I, I be knowing bro Pascal, this probably is literally his highest.


He might be as high, High bro. It gotta be like at least top two or top three. I don't see him averaging 40. Oh hell nah, nah, Nah, nah that's what I'm saying. So it is cool. He busting niggas ass and I fuck with it. But, But like we say, like Mo said my, I just need you a one game. Ne Smith came up one game, one Skills game Two and Ne Smith was quiet tonight. He had a big, he had some big shots, big free throws. Ain't that three. That's what I'm saying. Shots he some big shit. And we going to the crib. I know what Ty at the Crib from 30 to like seven tonight. So Respect Dude, we supposed to bringing to the crib. Yeah, y'all going to the crib. It's gonna be vibes. I'll Bring it back to the crib. The vibe's gonna be vibing But I'm fucking with it. I ain't gonna lie. I I ain't hate neither. I, I don't Own my Mama. I already said This.


I'm embracing the hate. Come on. That's Make that fueled me to go for this shit. So I, I fuck. You know what I love fans. Y'all gotta shut the fuck up and deal with this. Yeah, I, I love it. Shut, fuck up. I never was a Knicks fan. They gotta deal with the heart rate. I fucked with T though and I fuck with PJ but I'm not a Knicks fan because Jay Mills wrote Me Jason Tatum, the reason why I'm here. Yeah. The moment j the moment Jay Mills wrote me and said oh what He said Yeah. I said yeah I'll never fuck with the Knicks because he Said I'm Fuck you talking about Boston a I know you Gonna get that for me. It's all good though. Hey man, super chat before we get up out here. E Bill said thoughts of league basketball move version.


Okay. See defense. Yeah man it is going to be a battle for sure. I could see's a hell of a defensive team and anybody on our team can go get a bucket. So we shall see. Shout out to my dog, my boy Crane. Shout out to my boy Hollis. How you what? You know the vibes shout Pull up to The city. We in game three game. You know the vibes We get out. Shout talent and come fuck with you For sure. Carlos B live in the super chat a b and tell hit tickets end going to be fired. Dj. Oh Yeah. You know I love the Spanish community. So Carlos, you bring your whole family bro. It's a lot has end celebration bro. Put love with it. Shout out to Carlos. Alright. Damn shout I was talking about fuck B, he talking about has all that shit.


I know what the fuck he doing. Hell I know who the fuck is. Shane is coming through The experience, The DI version. See Carlos, You know he was shooting at me. He wasn't even shooting at you. I know what the fuck going on. I Adam symon the truth for his next game for sure. This is going, it is going six. Oh man, at least five. Indiana ain't gonna sweep 'em. Nah, we been gentlemen sweeping everybody don't be the same. Don't get a game. Yeah. Ain't nobody and y'all ain't sweeping them for sure. Not sweeping. Hey but what if we sweep them and I'm not saying y'all can't, I'm not saying but what if they come to the crib but we beat that Deal bro. I don't want to hear a motherfucking thing about a Nick That is going to be legend. Listen, if we sweep these niggas, I don't want to hear shit.


Don't talk to me ever again about basketball. I'm giving I'm you out jam. Bru is not better. Tyree, Halliburton, if they sweep these niggas bro, he Not better if they beat 'em. Listen, I'm about to tell you, I'm about to tell you the I that I'm telling y'all the coldest person at the cri, I'm about to tell y'all the real shit. Scott Foster's on the way. Y'all niggas not sweeping man. And I see Scott Foster or Zach Zba game three. I know we're gonna lose. Oh listen three. Zach. Zach, we are losing three or four y'all. They Scott Foster's in three or four. I apologize Zach, for DJ bringing You, they put Zpa and Scott Foster Ain game or that fuck BA have problems with Zach was cheating bro.


Zach was one of my favorite officials. It was cool. Go look up patient lost his ZZ man. Nah, don't. I'm Not gonna let DJ put that. No. He's a great rep just away from us. Real air. The super chat. As a cash fan, I'm happy for y'all. Boy, y'all deserve it. Deserve to as whoop. Y'all go get him. OKCs too. Hey Rel sleep nigga. Hold on. Hold on Mind. New business grow up. Fuck talking. Fuck the cash. What's we beat y'all as to pop. Hold on. I was fucking with the calves too. I was the backend shit. But hold on, don't come out here doing that around. We gonna take your ass to sleep. Go to bed, nigga. Only I fuck with the calves too. Shout out to my guys over there, Kenny. It like That. Niggas don't got no too much chicken. Boy. Yeah, y'all getting up bigger than five In The Morning.


Twenties, Fifties, DoorDash. It's Friday too. Tap in, get paid. Real tips of night nigga. Are we nasty? Hey, we, we work at the Pony Niggas. Just the pint. The pint. Hey man, we appreciate y'all shout to the Indian of the persons going to the finals. It's been a little to the finals bro. We'll catch up next time we out going to the finals. Fuck outta here. The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year Degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com.


I know a lot of cops, they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I Get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes, Sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It kind of star studded a little bit. Man. We met them at their homes. We met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.