
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia's pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes' First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes' first, CEO, and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua, Tonga Loa, and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did


The Volume. Good morning, happy Monday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Pen. My Martin, my brother Teague Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What up bro? I'm chilling. Cool. Hey man. Cooper Deja man. Best white boy in the NFL. Hey man, officer Reeds man. Got the sports world on Tear this weekend man. All right, so let's get straight to it man. Eagles built to ass situation 40 to 22 yesterday over the Chiefs. The score wasn't even that close. They had a lot of late tds that did not matter man. Listen I was wrong man.


I thought it was three peak time. Eagles definitely said it was our time. For sure man. Shout out to the Philadelphia Eagles man. Winning that Super Bowl dominated one of the best defensive performers we've ever seen. Fellas. How I feel about it yesterday. I mean that was my pick. I didn't know they was gonna do all that shit. But shout to Jalen Hirsch man. I'm glad he got him a got him one. Most definitely man. Super Bowl, MVP Jalen, hers man solidified now Teague, how you like the game? It was, it was a dope game. I mean it was a boring game but dope for the Eagles. It came out, showed their dominance. Jalen Hertz, like you said MVP. He in a different conversation now. Yes sir. Long as he keep winning, he probably never be League MVP but he is gonna continue to be on good teams.


I think this team could be a dynasty actually. The way they defensive set up, they got YA lot of young players and then they got, they stars locked in for a while. So I mean we could see a new changing of the guards to be here. Most definitely. Like you said, they made it to Super Bowl two years before it came up. Short. Retu de roster got some great young talent that that D-line oline trench worth they got bro is unstoppable bro. Shout to they coach too. You about to get a bag? Yes sir. You got To bro. I got the brake truck. He only been there for like five years or Something. I think it's his fourth year. I been there like yeah but right around four but Oh yeah, already been twice. But He up for free. He up for a contract. Yeah. Pay what you way Philadelphia. It is time to pay that man. For sure. Hey Gil, you outta pocket for letting that man pick you up.


I saw that too. That was my only beef with the Super Bowl nigga pick him up bro. That Was a part of his celebration. Yeah bro. Had his had his face down by that nigga to thrush bro. It was crazy. Yeah, that's a little, that's a little wicked man. But shout to Gli. Wallo being a part of the official celebration man. Hey dead murder Eagles team. For real, for real. Jaylen hurts man. Crazy situation. He had, you know what I'm saying? The Alabama gets bitch in the national championship. People doubted him. He had to transfer to make it happen for him to be a Super Bowl champion. Man, that's elite man. 'cause people wrote him off for no reason. Not even a champion. The MVP of the Super Bowl. Yes sir. People, people did write him off. I mean obviously his talent speaks for itself. Going to Alabama, being a star quarterback of Alabama, you know you at an elite level but to transfer, have a great years at Oklahoma and then get to the NFL about to be a starter.


Not much expected to him. People thinking they should be a running back all type of shit. And then he come out and be a Super Bowl winning quarterback. MVP at that. Shout out to him man. Most definitely man. Salute to them man. Let's talk about the chief though. Got their ass whooped in front of the nation yesterday. Man I people thought the Eagles might have won that game but I don't think anybody assumed a blowout like that. Man. Man they didn't even send a blitz the whole game. They didn't. And they just had the best quarterback we seen in the last 10 years. They had him so frustrated he couldn't make a play anything off of their front four. We gotta sharpen up that offensive line. We gotta do something about it. No way.


No way. It should look like that in the Super Bowl. Yeah. Bat boy Pat Mahomes was in hell yesterday running for his life. We always talked about Pat making the work with regardless who's there. Those days have to change now bro. You gotta get some pieces. You gotta reto it bro. Those days. Yeah yesterday's show clear. Let's talk about this nigga. Like he Jesus Christ. Oh he, I mean he's, I ain't got down. He's keen to him for sure, but that ain't Definitely Moses. He big better Moses way he looked last night. He needed a couple niggas scholar Throw jams at Moses. What? That he was part for those. They eagles touch. Let my people go man. Free that man for sure Nigga be out pocket of the Show.


That nigga was in hell yesterday. I was like damn they do a Pat Mahomes like this. He'll be back Man this shit you ain't, you ain't really like that. I know though. I'm not gonna do that now might might tough recovery Because nah, y'all talk about him like he perfect bro. I'm saying not like that. I'm saying like he's human bro. Like yeah but we, you know what I'm saying? He got all these different players and all these different Nah, it's the same team he done had all year. Yeah they found a way. Fuck That shit Bro. They, they been struggling to score all year though. The crazy thing about this year, they had what they what, 17 to two right? They I think they were behind it like 12 games. Like 12 come back victories and shit. Like they found a ways to win but shit, Ray was struggling to score all year. They, they ran into a superior defense. We talked about this little on the pod. But Don't blame that nigga for nothing bro.


That's crazy. We said he had a down year for Pat Mahomes. Yeah, a regular season. They team was winning. Busted like his, they lost one game yesterday. Now they got, they asby yesterday but they only lost one game. But his stats wasn't premiered mom won. It wasn't NVP caliber robbery but he wasn't talking about an MVP race at all. They one, they lost two games. Travis Kel, he done, he got one more year. That's the great, that's the question. Y'all thinking he Ain't done bro. They gonna spin a block. They be okay bro. Bro Bro, they fuck around and be back in the Super Bowl next year. Nah, I ain't saying they won't but I don't know if you Travis Kel what you is it for? Travis Kel probably 10. Yeah I'm not too sure but yeah they been league they Boo this girl too yesterday.


I thought I had never thought I'd see that. Hey now listen, typically, you know what I'm saying? When you got those dynasties in the making people pushed behind that people was not fucking with the chiefs at all yesterday. There was a lot of people that won the Eagles to win people like after that first call that game yesterday that call back and they were just like, oh they already cheating for the chiefs. People was like, nah we, we tired of this So you 12 seasons in 12 seasons in bro be done bro. Man retool the team to let them have one more situation man. Let him get, I see even thinking about it, he ain't made up his, you know when that shit start creeping in. Mm damn near over bro. Damn that's interesting. I once you start having thoughts, yeah you, you might as well hang it up.


You ain't all the way invested. I remember when that shit started creeping in my mind that shit, you start thinking about it. Hey we can give you something to think about. I was done. I was like I ain't woke, I wasn't ready. You're what? Fuck should have said it. Damn That's you came wait you came on in the media and said that I had when I got hurt I was like I'm done. I retired and they was like all right. Wow bro. So I just wouldn't a retired mode. I know you did that And the next thing you know I go to the home in the summer, my knee feels better than it ever felt before. And I'm like hey I think I could play y'all. Everybody like well bitch we don't care Now you trying to steal money from Us. Yeah. And I was like, he said well he went home and said oh hockey's a little bit more bread. Yeah. I'm like damn I can still play consultant man.


Like a nigga quit this job going back and realiz man I hate my family. Let me come back. I Was, that was me too. Damn. I gotta be home all year. That's how I be that first. This first second day you quit your job it's all good but day three you like Oh damn I gotta figure something out. Yeah. Swear damn man. Hey bro. I mean but he got a second. You know his, his rebrand after football gonna be crazy. Come on. Yeah, the deal's already signed for him and his brother. They already got the pod going crazy. Oh yeah The money never slow. Most definitely. What's up Mike? Oh okay. So we got a live in coming update we see here. Should be very interesting. Shout to Trey Young, my boy Trey.


Shout to Trey Young. Look at it all star Trey Young. Yeah Giannis is hurt man. They replaced with Tre Young. Oh okay. Fucking right. Hmm. Hey you probably didn't want to get in this way but hey fuck it. We in there. Hey that's how Damon Lip got an Allstar game once he wrote a whole letter so fuck it. Get it How you live bro. Yeah we in there and don't pass either man. Go for MVP. Fuck it. Yeah, go get disrespectful. Don't be cool. Get MVP Now when we getting Lalo in, that's the next question. It's it's Quad. Nah bro. Free to real for sure but listen man Super Bowl was Super Bowl it was a belt to ask situation. Halftime show had a lot of people with mixed reviews for sure. I know we talked about a little bit on the pod but man shout to kid Lamar man for having Samuel L. Jackson and Uncle Sam.


Man the symbolism behind that. I know it wasn't most entertaining for most people but for those who understood it, we definitely enjoyed it for sure man Super Bowl, that whole situation is crazy. What's worse? This situation Superchat asked for AB cts, ESPN said what was the worst situation? Johns who? Saquon Barley or the Mavericks losing Luca like they did Damn Luca Bro. I'm gonna say Luka Luca bro because the Giants don't care about anything and not to Sayquan ain't a generational talent. He is but he not Luca, the running backs ain respected Running back get they ain't restricted. Yeah you could find a fire running back that could carry. He ain't gonna be sayquan but you can get a fire running back in the draft. They come a down a dozen.


And to think to know I guess to think why Luca got traded is that's way bigger than the Giants losing this fucker. Yeah, Saquon for Sure. Yeah he and he didn't deserve to be there no more either because obviously they don't give a fuck. So shout to Saquon man I'm happy that worked out for him man. Yep. Super Bowl Eagles go ahead chant. Yeah man, gotta show some respect man. Who you think is more likely to get back to the Super Bowl next year? The Eagles are the chiefs. Both of 'em. The way I think, the way the Eagles are built I think they can get back. I mean they're defense. We Wanna see the Ravens in the Super Bowl though. We all do but yeah that's on Lamar bro you can't, I I push for Lamar, you know what I'm saying? I was heavy this year but he also got cheated in the a a P conversation. I don't care what y'all say.


There's no way that somebody first team all pro and does not get MVP. That's just crazy. I seen motherfucker make second team all defense and win defensive player of the year. Aint that. And I was gonna say that ain't, that's stupid as well. That's crazy. You know it is what it is. Game is the game man. We'll see the N NFL back for the draft 'cause now it's basketball from here on out. Man. Ad debut with the mask man it was good even though it was brief pause, they took care of the rockets one 16 and 1 0 5. Man he had 26 and 16 before he left but it said that ad is going to be out for a couple weeks. Man it was like the gift and the curse. Yeah I got gifted this beautiful performance and then curse with the ad.


He was turned up in that game too. Alright. I'm here. That was the best. That was the best I ever seen. Ad yeah his energy was through the roof. Looked at basketball game. He like I was like damn I kind of like ad I like this ad. Yeah we had to get him away from Brian. I remember how Cody was. Damn. His energy was through the roof bro. It was teed up like nigga y'all got me fucked up nigga like I'm here. Fuck. Fuck a Luca nigga. Yeah ad here. And then motherfucker was like yeah oh it's the motherfucker. We seen all them goddamn months ago. He hurt again. The mask fans lost they marble bro. What they kept showing? This nigga said it in a rap battle. Y'all seen the white dude say it in the rap battle.


I know what you talking about. I was on Twitter, I kept, everybody kept posting that shit. Yeah man that's think play was getting for that y'all, I'm Anthony Davis or something. He said I I'm not playing play on me. I'm not playing like I'm Anthony Davis or something. I was like damn.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season You are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props money lines, you name it, DraftKings got it all new customers. Now it's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Take us to the Rack to DraftKings sports book where every point counts. Download the app today. Use Code Club five 20. Yes, that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets with just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah it was like do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, A lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts and you be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason Run.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes' First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. Along with my co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes' first CEO We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent shockwaves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott, Tua Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the first time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their client signing on the dotted line. Listen to the Athletes First Family podcasts on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


That's crazy. Just get ready for next year man. The Mavs just, I ain't gonna say Tank but God damnit Tank. That's what I was, I think, I think he gonna recover quicker than what we think. He might be out a week or two man if he's out a couple weeks right, you got well if he's out the week bro, our break and then he misses a week after that. So realistically he missed a minimum amount of games. They've already been playing without the team anyway. Hopefully. I don't know when we get lively back but I think that's what they should really be worried about when Lobby comes back. 'cause I think AD would be fine in a couple weeks man. Yeah I think AD gonna come back and I think he gonna play really, really well. I think ad is cold. Yeah I think the Mavericks won is trade. But it's ironically the Lakers are hooping right now. They are.


And Luca ain't playing LeBron set out a game. You think the AVS wanna trade? Go 45 for the for right now. Like I think Anthony Davis fit Kyrie like if you putting your eggs in a basket and you got Kyrie for the next two or three years, whatever they got him and then you ad a better fit. Yeah you pair him with Anthony Davis. I see what you're saying. I think it's a better fit than Kyrie and and Luke. I shouldn't say that 'cause they went to the finals but No, but I see what you're saying from pure basketball. Yeah like you look at it, you be like damn Kyrie about to get back into his old So like he about to be but that motherfucker Luca bro it It is. It is different. Yeah it is different. Right. Luca, Cole, Lakers stole Luca bro.


Yeah but we know why now. Yeah it was deeper the rap for sure. One thing I did like about even the first possession ad high low pass to David Gaffer for the hmm. Him and Lively him having the capabilities as a willing and actually talented passer. That's dangerous bro. That's dangerous. So we'll see Man Max Chrissy been hooping too man since he got, he got shipped over but I think they more equipped to beat the Denver Nuggets more equipped to beat the Boston Celtics with ad like that with that combination of ad and a big Yeah I think they're more equipped to like make a run at championship. Like even though Luca and mates to the finals, we knew they weren't about to beat the ball Celtics. We definitely didn't know Luca defense.


I mean you know he didn't play defense but now you bringing over ad who's a fucking defensive player of your candidate almost every year. That changes your whole dynamic of your team for real. Most definitely man. Give up on the ad. Man Can't wait to see that full team when it finally gets on the court some more debuts as well. Jimmy made his debut with the Warriors man they had a crazy ass comeback victory. 1 32 to one 11. Steph had 34, Jimmy had 25 and four Man. How'd y'all like seeing them play together? Steph went crazy. Yeah, Steph lost his mind. That second half, that third quarter comeback bro was crazy bro. Yeah Steph went crazy So far back quarter bro. Niggas is healthy. Jimmy II baby they need a center though. I support the Warriors now They need a center.


Oh you locked up with the Warriors now after the Jimmy Trade? Yeah I support 'em bro. This nigga here. They need a center though. I can say are there any available? I mean you can one on the waiver wire. They need something though. Trace would be better off the bench for them. Trace don't get in no more. That Energy guy That that guy they center they play now. The young fella they can shoot. Yeah. Yeah he he decent but they need another one just to, it's not enough need one more. But they could make a run though. Jimmy. Jimmy changed their team a lot. I ain't gonna lie. He aggressive If Jimmy playing how he played in that game, aggressive trying to score being himself seven for 12.


Hey, hey can make a run 11th, 13 for the free throw. Yeah that's tough. I like him and Dre MA's IQ on the basketball court together. I know people question how it's gonna work with spacing and shooting but those are two people who are really, really good and really, really smart at basketball. They gonna figure that shit out. Yeah, I hope so for sure man. Dang that's crazy man. It took Jimmy Buffet for you to start rocking with the Gold State warriors and Shit. Man fuck them. I give damn about Warriors Dre Wine. Keep that suitcase pack nigga that's over. You're crazy for sure. Last question we get off is, y'all think I can figure it out for playoffs time Ain't not fucking with the Grizzlies, the goddamn thunder, the Nuggets rocks to beat they ass.


Well this one we need to see who they could beat in the play in 'cause they would have to creep into that 10 spot. Yeah I think they better than the sons. I agree. I don't, I do. Fuck no Sons don't ever win bro. I don't even like watching them play. I better, hey they like I used to love when Coach Bud teams I used to. I ain't really like Milwaukee like that. I lie. I guess I only like the Hawks but a little bit of bias. Yeah. But yeah, I don't like watching them play. It's actually very boring and yeah I don't, I'm not a fan of the sons right now. I'm a fan of kd. I like D book but Yeah well they catch each other in the play.


I'm telling y'all now the sun is gonna whoop they ass. I don't think so. But yeah they'll be in the playing before the playing at this point. So we still see for sure man shots in the Luke Warriors also. Man the Celtics beat the sleeves off the next master square guard this weekend. JT went crazy with a 40 ball man punched on somebody too. Hey Getting very disrespectful off the rip. Oh no they just way better than them bro. Hey Peyton Pritchard be hooping bro. 25 piece. He shoot the ball whatever he want to. I fuck with that. Peyton nice though. Nah he can hoop but I just like that he just came to the game bro. My job is to shoot bro. I don't care who next to me. That's a fact. That's fire to me as he pulls or anything. He gonna get it up pulled so he gonna do his thing side steps. It don't matter bro. I fuck with p damn Listen man we talk about all these other teams in the east but when it comes down to it, the Boston Celtics man, people really don't wanna see that team.


I haven't seen anything else that convince me otherwise. That's a well built team. Like they made for the playoffs, they got so many veterans. Two dynamic scores. Shit. Peyton Pritchard can get you 25 or Zynga can get 25. Derrick White can get 25, drew Holiday can get 25 on any given night. They got so many capable players on that team. Man. Even like Cornett, he starts the game and he makes so many defensive players. I seen him have like three or four blocks in the first or alter three or four shots in the first two minutes of the game. I'm like they plug in and play and they got capable players all over the board.


I just showed you this, the Knick thing got enough bro. You ain't supposed to beat the Knicks by 30. Yeah because they didn't play. KA was hurt. Yeah Ka was hurt though. Kap didn't play either But that's what I'm saying. Like we got, we got replacements And Luke a hundred percent from the field. He went seven for seven. Like I mean like we got replacements bro. It they can't lose Ka. It is like, I don't know. Yeah Boston can't afford to have somebody out a game or Sonick cannot bro. We Throw That boy bro. You and Kat played just had a sore knee but he, he was a little limpy. I guess you could say he played but he wasn't a hundred percent for sure. Yeah but yeah he got to be 110 against them. Yeah you gotta get 30. You trying to beat them.


Bronson gotta be 110. Mikel Bridges got me on their team Josh Hart seven 16 is crazy Because if they were to played the mid team they probably would've won. Yeah, probably would've won bro. But play off Sean bro. That I can't afford no shit like that bro. Yeah I'm looking at the, the role players on the bitch of that team. Yeah It's quiet bro. Yeah When Boston Sub in any given night they gonna get a crazy Fuck a couple bitch. Nah nigga coming in Peyton, Prichard them type players bro. Hard bro. Yeah if you got a mirror, Peyton pri with campaign Christmas. Damn man. Mm. Tough for sure man. Good team man. That match right now in the, in the playoffs. Y'all going with Boston full strike. Boston going to the championship back to the chip.


Okay, how about you be here? Oh yeah, I don't see nobody over there fucking with them. Yeah the Patriot is four. Shit I Don't, I don't know why he brought this conversation but we're 20, 22 5 Pissing six. It is green. Mm It is green out west. That's like putting Duke and the Swac shit. What we, what we doing bro? Shout to the, I Love the swag. I know I'm a swag advocate A and m Bandit. Nah For sure that's like, that's like throwing Duke over there bro. Come on man. What we doing bro? Yeah man. Even though they second in standards man Cavaliers, y'all are not the same pedigree as Champions and Celtics man.


So we gotta give a nah in the East man until it's over with For sure. Yeah They're not gonna see no real smoke till you gotta play one of them teams over there bro. Yeah I think K Nix would be a good test for them. I'm not saying that they won't win that seriously 'cause we expect them to but I think that'd be a good series for so fight only for me. Only test I think. I think the Knicks would be a good challenge. They bite four one them damn at the best. Four two I could see won. It won't go seven. Hell no five, five or six games. That's it. The real test to be Milwaukee is just because Dame and Giannis both could take over games and like have crazy games and then like you see Gary Trent hit seven threes the other day.


You can have moments like that. True. They got capable players. We know Bobby Porters can get hot or have a moment. All these they got capable players, more capable players than the Knicks Facts. No that's true For sure. And they got a MVP in Giannis two time, three time whatever. He is a two time MVP that can take over. Yeah. So that's the only team that I could see really, really could challenge the Celtics. Most definitely. What's I about the Bucks a little bit more on the show for sure shortly. But once he NFL night Lucas supposed to make his debut against the jazz man. Him and LeBron back. I was Gonna set that one out. It's funny 'cause he is P flexed the Pacers Lakers game because they thought it was gonna be the debut. No sir. So now they out here putting a jazz game on TV on Monday night.


But this is a good game. This is a good warmup game for them to, to play together with 'cause yeah this is damn sharp and Jim tonight but I ain't gonna lie. It was a great showing for Austin Reeves against the Pacers on tv. Yeah he put on a show whatever shoe he was wearing, he sold a couple that night. Yeah, Four, five. Yeah. Yeah. Show and normally, you know what I'm saying, Andrew Nihart is locking shit up but I he don't ever wanna see Oscar Reeds again 'cause nah, what he did to us on national TV was Crazy man. Man it just, shit just different. I wish bro. Okay bro. Officer Reese had the best game of his, of his life. Right? Like we not gonna sit here and gas the west as much. It's, it's a good team In the west, bro. I it is way better than how East bro. You say that but the top three it's not bro.


Bro. The top three teams in the east could be the top three teams in the west. That's bro. Bro. Yes it is bro. The nuggets is better than everybody over there. I don't know What You'all saying. Nuggets can't beat the Celtics. The nuggets not better than the Celtics. That's it. And the Nuggets may not beat your Knicks right Now. Y'all crazy as fuck. The Knicks will beat the Nuggets in the series right now. Nigga Is crazy bro. Y'all niggas is wild bro. It'd be a good series. It'd be a Great series. Stop fucking playing. Who Are the Grizzlies beating up those top three teams in the East Cavs and the motherfucking Knicks? The Grizzlies are not beating the cash. I don't know if They beating Knicks Either. They not, they definitely not beating the Knicks. Niggas be trying to advocate for that weak ass side. I been told y'all that East's fucking garbage go Forth from the West Lake. Rockets like Yeah Young Pacers in the Rockets.


They about East Man. You can, the Suns is 10. Put them out east bro. It is fucking Christmas bro. In the playoffs Bro. They are 20. What's, say what's say record against the East Son's record against the east. That's away home now. Breakdown down. Yeah, I'm conference but they in a conference 17 and 15. Yeah. Y'all got it bro. I think it, I think it's comparable across the board bro Bro bro bro. The Warriors go out. He's bro shit different bro. Y'all's sad out there Bro. You say that but you look at the records bro.


The the, the Warriors play the fucking Pistons in the playoffs bro. They're going sweep them. Hmm? The Warriors are 11th. If they go out east and play the fucking, They they're not gonna sweep Pistons and the seven game series bro. Gonna sweep them. They bro, they're not gonna Sweep them bro. Fuck outta here. That shit is trash bro. I swear to God they not gonna sleep. Them shit's terrible Bro. They not gonna sleep them. Yeah, the Bucks is whooping shit in the west. Fucking Magic been hurt all year bro. They still are competitive out there bro. Shit is real competitive out there. You know that dude play everybody right. Like Across the world, you know bro, you play Everybody in NBA plays each other. It's not just the East play against the West. If You play these teams be realistic.


The the magic go out west bro. They one of the better teams in the playoffs. At playoffs. No bro. And what they been this year? I mean when they was healthy they was winning games bro. They played, they was going on West Coast Road trips and beating those teams. What we talking about? They, yeah, I they been hurt. They hate been hurt. Get the fuck outta here man. Been hurt bro. Crazy. This shit is weird bro. These niggas been getting they ass whooped when they go on the other side of the town bro. It is green Bro. They Been hurt bro. Y'all Got It bro. They start off the season Y'all nigga saying shit, they Start off the season so good bro. Yeah bro, I'm, I'm, that's why they record like that it that top area of both conferences.


Damn. Mayor is tough both ways bro. Yeah, the Nixon Ubstance would be a lot of teams in the west bro. All right. But we shall see for sure. I got it bro. How y'all feel about Kyle Cos debut with the, with the Bucks? Who? Kai Kma. Wait what? Super Chat Static. What Will said is Austin are we, I'm gonna say Austin res better than Tyree Taylor Burton. No, but shouts out That nigga his money back. Yeah, I gonna say is Austin not Tyrese Halliburton? No, but he's cold though. Respect. He about the same. Y'all fucking crazy.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for, for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color Edition. It's Extremely pink. Mm Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Pinks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason Run.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General Manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes' First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. Along with my co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes' first CEO. We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent shockwaves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott, Tua Tgo, Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the first time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their clients signing on the dotted line. Listen to the Athlete's First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oscar never made all you guys talking about this year, right? Yeah, they about the same shit. Alright, well we'll see up. Say stats. Pull up the stats please. Oh, you pull up the stats ar probably what? Average 19. Oh don't even know. I'm just saying they about the same. 19 4 6. Oh well shit. What Tyree Average. Alright. Yeah, I'm sleep shit. I'm sleep.


I'm, that's a good question. Alright. You sound like a good question to me. I do nigga I ain't even hated. That's a good question. I'm just, I'm a you remember it? I I like numbers. I like numbers. Oh man, I like numbers side by side. Actually number, I like number I 29 22. What? They in the west too bad we not fo 5 31 19. The fucking Lakers play the Pacers in the playoffs here they going beat the fuck out of them bro. That would be, might be true. What the fuck are we talking about? That would be, you might be true but guess what? Don't I'm going too sweet them bro.


Now you, now you taxing bro. My soul, they gonna beat the fuck out the pace play bro. You beat the so Luka and Brian, they gonna beat the face. Stop playing y'all. We gonna get them back. We played 'em soon. We gonna get your back. We gonna get him back but beat our, beat our ass on national tv. That's a, that's actually a good question. Is he better than Austin Reeves right now? That's crazy. What's his name man? Who said that? Is he though? Like let's have a debate. Fuck your debate. No, I mean I just watched him go head to head. He 45 polls. Hey man he had the best game of his life. Shout to Austin Reeds. He went crazy. We had nothing for him.


He was us. Oh National tv He was hooping bro. Hey ecstatic. Well hey fuck you man. Don't start my morning Monday morning off like that man. Question. That's a good question. Not really. Shout to Tyres. I the number side by side. It's next to each other. Don't miss oh mother Y'all crazy man. Bus beat the seven six is 1 35 to 1 27 Y. Y'all supposed to be out a couple weeks obviously that's why Trey Young got the Nined but Dam went crazy. 43 and eight. Tyree Maxey had 39 and five and NNB had 27, 12 and six even though that's probably a lasting B game. We will see for a while man I really hate watching him Sixers play. Damn. They are nine fun to watch man.


No I like watching Tyres. Maxey shoot the ball as much as he want to but other than that, yeah he just out there playing rec ball. But I hate Doing and B, when he not healthy bro, I hate watching him play 'cause all he do is stand at the top of the key. Try to get a foul. Shoot a jump bro bro. Yeah. Foul bait when he not healthy bro. They just need to let him sit out bro. Yeah he not getting on that block. Mm. And giving out like them post moves like he can bro. I don't like watching him play So that's why they need him McCain man I hate Youngster got injured. Yeah. Coulda let Tyrese maxey him work on that game for the rest of the year because these niggas ain't, They ain't Jerry Butler out there Bro. Out to young JB man that's tough man.


He is out there air balling and shit. Eric Gordon come home man. Come play with the picture they coulda used you versus the Knicks bro. I mean the Lakers bro. No stay in Philly. Oh. What do they do man? Do they move over to beating this off season? Do they try to or they just gotta deal with it? They ain't gonna have to deal with It. Gotta deal with that Boy. You don't think nobody will tra for him big. Everybody will. Nah he got that knee when when you come out and say shit like I really, I need a real surgery on my knee 'cause this don't make no sense. Nobody training for that shit. You just see what they did for Mark Williams. Nobody At horse piss. Joel MB plug better. I don't know. It's different bro.


I'm Joel L MB niggas are trading for him bro. I'm telling you bro. Ain't nobody gonna trade. You might play 20 games bro. That's crazy man. You welcome. Listen to the 76 ERs man. Not a not a good look at all. Nah you bucks. They just gotta let him have surgery and let him just fully recover bro. Yep. How you feel about kus with the Bucks? I like ooh I love it books though. I think it's, he is a cool asset to have. Yeah. Capable Player for short. Yeah. Capable. I ain't really, I don't know I gotta see him with Giannis. See it's, it is always messed up when your star player go out and now other people get opportunities and they might be hooping and then when they come back south the way everything change, the same shot attempts that he was getting them same, that same role he was playing.


'cause now he probably kind of playing Giannis role, you know what I mean? Yeah he got 13 attempts. Yeah you probably ain't gonna get them. You might get down, you might have eight. Shit. Gary Trent shot 20 though. That's that's definitely gone. Yeah you definitely not getting those. Yeah that's, that's come back. That's why I hate when Star players get out and then new people come on the team and that happened to me with Giannis my first, my second game as a buck. I think I had 15 in Golden State. I'm playing pick and roll getting the ball and shit. I'm all, this is about to be green like I'm back nigga that Game Ys came back nigga I ain't get the ball down all like I was like oh The real pgs man This how it supposed to be. You were a temp.


Yeah I, yeah So you gotta get used to playing with Giannis bro. So that's True though. Everything bro say is very accurate. So Gary Trent, you gonna have to get the UPO 2K my boy that's A fight. That Shit Quiet. Even though he been there all year, it just, yeah he ain't getting no attempts and then Cools ain't really had a chance to play with him so yeah Gary he definitely contributed to the same though. What he average 10? Yeah that's a solid. Yeah that's catchy show And with the the attempts you get that's a solid 10 points Good from Milwaukee Dam knee his so I can say Gary tr make the most of his stuff too. That's why one thing you say efficient shoes to Ana is he gonna pass you the Bible boy you better stay above 40% from that three boy.


You better. He better pass that motherfucker get it back. He Better believe he better believe in you. If he don't boy he gonna be on that corner on that bench show it get wicked some more games that took place yesterday. Pistons beat the Hornets yesterday. 1 12 1 0 2 they had triple double but 1912 and 10 and Bridges was hooping yesterday with 30 and nine. Seth Cur had 26. I wanna talk about some one-legged from La Melo. Man that shit was hilarious man. Just put him in a Allstar game. We need that. My Boy be clowning man. They horrible. They horrible. Yeah it's Ugly but they are definitely the 2000 Clippers bro. Like real shit. One of the worst basketball teams I ever seen.


Damn. The Nigeria winner chain fucking with em. Not the team. I just, I fuck with the team just off the strength of the swaggy players. They got capable players bro. And they don't, they're not the watch the Wizards bro. All them niggas in they front five can hoop so they just be getting they ass whooped bro. Lemme take ELs just like the Clippers bro. Rich Coty, Darius Miles, Lamar Odo who was capable players bro. But but when, when they was together when they joined forces they was chiefs Like you had no, no team had got no sad team has ever got the support bro. Niggas was really doing this bro. They was sad as hell. They were horrible. That was a wire bro. But we supported them bro. 'cause they were swaggy. Imagine if they had social media back then with that.


Oh no. They'd been lit bro. They had been super lit and all the Pistons fans that was talking shit to me this weekend talking about C this is how you take care of a team. 'cause they beat the Hornets. The Hornets won 13 games. Do not brag to me about a 13 winning team every year. Nah Bro. We shout out to the Pistons. Y'all been speaking how in the all year bro. And they are six in the playoffs right now. No respect bro. KK what I'm saying All N-B-A-I-I No hate bro. I really fuck with that. For real. Like You said, you don't know what this mean. Knuckleheads. Oh man young youngster. You a young. Oh Yeah. I don't even think he was, he wasn't even born. He was born born. I was born in oh eight. That nigga was born in oh three. He was born in oh eight. He was born I was the president. Damn. That's crazy. Yeah in oh three, that's Brian rookie year. Yeah Malcolm for sure don't know nothing about the head tag.


Oh he still in the league too. Your whole life. Brian been to the league. That's crazy. Rap. Oh excuse me. The rapper took a L yesterday to the Rockets. 94 to 87. Nothing too much. Talk about there man. Simple game. Both of 'em score less than a hundred so wasn't too interesting. But we got a lot of games tonight to see how y'all feel about 'em. T Wolves at Cavs. Cavs You going T Wolves Want T Wolves? Me here. All right, I'm gonna go T Wolves as well. Hawks at Magic. Trey, you on Allstar Hawks? Yeah. Yeah I'm gonna go Hawks as well. Nah, I magic. No, no. Nah. I'm magic. All right. Magic Spurs at Wizards Spurs. Spurs easy. Hornets at Nets. I'm Taking my Hornets like Yeah I'm gonna take a nap. Hornets Celtics at Heat Celtics.


Yep. Agreed. In Miami. J TPO go crazy for sure. Warriors at Bucks. Bucks. Nah, nah. Ain't Playing more Warrior. Yeah, I forgot. Y ain't playing. I'm gonna take Warriors Jimmy back at Marquette. Mm. Pelicans at Thunder. Thunder Take thunder. Zion. Even Though Zion had 40 the other night, Zion been hooping Ain't gonna fuck them up tonight. So Mavs Kings, I'm gonna go with the Kings. I'm gonna rock out. King out. They're alright. I'm gonna go Kings as well. Blazers add nuggets, blazers Nuggets By 15 Blazers Nuggets by Fifteens as well.


Street go in, they gonna go with the nuggets. They they hot but Nuggets about 15. Yeah. I'm gonna go with Nuggets. Jazz at Lakers. Lakers, Lakers bro. It's about to be a fucking movie. Yeah I look and say all right, I wanna ask y'all, how much is LeBron score tonight? How much is Lucas score tonight? Are they both getting over 25 a night? LeBron 21 Lucas 17. Damn That must, that must be a triple double 17. Nah, they both gonna be passing to each other but they gonna be blowing them out. Mm. They might fuck around. Be a good game. I'm gonna go 25 for Luca and I'm gonna go probably 20. Nah I'm gonna go 30. LeBron 25 Luca 2117 I think LeBron set the tone.


Austin Reeves gonna have like 23. Damn hell of a game for sure. Alright. Very five bucks be here. Who was getting to it this weekend? Cooper Dejaun was not getting to it this weekend but on the field he was shot with. The great guy had six come on. My boy got hurt but it high school tape. We was just talking about listen what if yo gonna be a football player. That hoop on any high school team play like driving. This is what coaches are looking for. I know some of y'all ain't paying attention to class right now because y'all watching us so pay attention. It's a lot of little linebackers that watch this motherfucking show. This is what you niggas need to look like. Yeah Bobby you need to be done like this.


Play more play. Hey Bobby, play like this Doing doing this. You start you star. Yes you could play with your jersey untucked. Yeah. Shout out to Cooper Deja. Man. The DI Defense got him a ring yesterday. That boy I, his mix tape is all in and out. Dunks. I fucking bro. Swear to God bro. That's hard. That's all football niggas need to do Bro. Punching shit. Boom catching LOBs and it his light though. That's the crazy part. Bro's. Strong as hell in high school though. He Did not look like that yesterday. That's different league bro. Other giants as well man. For sure man. I'm gonna show some love to Officer Reeds man.


Crazy game 45 7 7. Beat the sleeves off the Pacer Saturday. It was crazy. You gotta show some respect man. But you gott. I'm gonna go with Jalen hurts man. Super Bowl. MVP. Yeah, they said you wouldn't do it. They was questioning if you could lead the Eagles to a championship. You got a ring and the MVP. So shout out to you bro. For sure man. Got so some respect there. Show some love with Dame as well, man. 43 piece. I know he don't get as much love he's supposed to, even though he be killing it all the time. Shout to Dame. Let's start the week out for some encouragement. Be here and get well soon. Precious. Precious. I chew Jason Tatum put him in that goddamn whiplash First. You gotta look at Ka. He hit Cat with that In-N-Out Burger. Wow.


Hey Two Head is disrespectful In-N-Out Burger with extra fry. Damn. Oh my God. He hates you. Abuse. He hates Precious. I got JT out there celebrating. Damn. Put on a shoulder guard being on 40 Ball in the garden. That's tough. Damn. That's crazy man. Man, my get well soon goes to the Chiefs man. Which I did in the first half yesterday is a joke man.


A lot of people want some money out that situation. But y'all also fucked up the church's money man. Rebuild for Pat, man. He deserves better. Mike get well soon is Ad and Giannis literally get well soon. Like when he drop back on the court, he ad usually like get be. Yeah ad really get well soon. Like for real. Where do I start? Like get well soon. Shout to my bill but nah. Miles Bridges Mix tape Miles. My dog. Yeah. Got Wicky yesterday. Devin Vail, he he caught you slipping a little bit bro. Max deal Dev. Yeah.


Why that ain't really your fault. It's really 31 fault he looked at, said nigga as he passed him dunking it's really 31 fault you came over for the help. Damn. That nigga look like Mike Donnelley who was 31? The Ho just got bodies out there since Trey's getting Rended to shit. I wish be whoever show up to work but shout to all them man. What's the last one? Look out there. Get Well it's K Cunningham Crossing somebody, but yeah it was, it was like Miles again. Wow. It was like though.


Okay, lefty Cross Bad Weekend from Alima. Get well soon man. Listen man, be here and people trying to start their week out for some bread. What you got for him? Donovan? Mitchell 25. Wendy 25 Ben Carroll. 25 Kim Johnson, 20 Tyler Hero 20. Zion Williamson 20. Zach Levine, 2200 wins you $19,000 tonight. Okay. 19 k. I don't with that. Zach Levine, he been ass. It is. Just shake back man. He been having a shooting song for short shooting like Shaq from the three but Ain't stop shooting. Yeah, keep shooting King Crown is yours. 200 get you 19 K. Start your week off with some bread, man. Listen, we got a dope episode of Club Opportunity dropping today at 12:00 PM Eastern.


Tap into that. We appreciate y'all. We'll see y'all same time tomorrow morning. It's five 20 In The Morning for sure. The Volume.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Let's have to, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts, the untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO, and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua tga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes First Family Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.