
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply C app for details.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, we talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This Is Lexy Brown And Mariah Rose and We've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've Got you with analysis, insight, stories, and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Full circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports, The Volume.


Good morning, happy Thursday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world is especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this lovely morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Henderson. To my right, my brother Teague. Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's Happening? My boy, what Up? Cool. What's up? What's going on man? We had some good basketball yesterday, but it was funny. We kicked off yesterday's episode with, you know what I'm saying? Some rumor talk as well with the three team deal that might happen regarding Bradley Bill, Jimmy Butler apparently allegedly as well. Milwaukee came out and said we have no interest in Brad Bill. So that is already shot dead. But we also learned that Jimmy got suspended for two games yesterday, missed a team flight.


Oh yeah, man, that shit lame bro. He Said he'll take his own for like Shit lame man Is, is he running down a price on purpose? So they gotta move him faster. I dunno what that nigga doing Bro. I don't even know. He just, it fucking up the camaraderie of the squad though. I don't know. Just suspend him until you can move him. Well I think they gotta move him a little bit sooner than later because I think the price is on going to keep dropping. Not that he's diminished by any means, but teams is like, all right y'all getting desperate now we know what y'all, y'all gotta do something. What you gonna do ju for this hunt? What That is? That is crazy Bro. I don't know what he gonna do. That is crazy. But I think you gonna have to play the rest of the year out there.


I don't think, I don't think nobody gonna trade for him. Hmm. We seen a couple teams is rumor to be a part of this situation. The Pising join the chat is Ming is one of the teams who might be interested in the Jimmy Brothers sweepstakes. How y'all feel about that edition? I don't know why the hell they want that. It's good as they doing right now. You think that's bringing too much to the table? Yeah, I'm cool off That. I mean if y'all want to just for shits and giggles, fuck off some money. Everybody tricks sometimes see for sure not staying. So that's a waste. What if they paid Jimmy the money he wanted? Is that a bad option to have on that team? That's a three. It's not, but I think he really wanna win though. But I don't know. That's Jimmy so up and down.


I don't know bro. He might stay for the cash. He might. I don't know. I don't, I don't know what Jimmy. I don't know for sure man. Very interesting situation. We'll keep you up to date. The more we learn the rockets gotta win. Yesterday over the cast 1 0 9, 1 0 8. Crazy ending to the game yesterday. Run down the sta. Darius Garland had 26 and five. Donvan. Mitchell had 19. Fred Van Fleet was killing yesterday with 26 and baby what's we call my man baby Joker say gun had 18 and 11 yesterday. Houston led by 11 to start the fourth quarter. Cavs came back, they went on a 19 hour run to get the lead. But we always talking about the scenario between the kicker and them free throws. And this show last night with dg, I told y'all and this ain't it, that was just a regular season game pressure.


He got three pre, well he had three, three throws to make two. The tie the game that pressure kicked in, they Put the Shaq's Celtics jersey on my boy on Twitter. Oh that's crazy. Yeah now they they went crazy. They photoshopped his face on top of what's my man they used to play with y'all in Boston Smart Now Marcus smart Damn. Oh Jeff friend with the big head. Oh Oh Playing for the Celtics. It's killing losing me right now. Damn. I think he on Charlotte right now. Grant Williams? Yeah they put his face on Grant Williams about them Free throws of Dhop. He was gonna miss him. Yeah, I was like damn man they did My mans G greasy That too. That's all that too. Nah, I told y'all that's a, that's tough bro. 'cause you up there by yourself. Mm.


There's nobody, it is just you the kicker got all type of stuff. They can blame it on the ball was misplaced. All that. When you gotta shoot them free throws by yourself, 20,000 people looking at you man The ball would bro. That's the only excuse. You see him, he start wiping his hand. The ball was Wet bro. And he 90% from the line he one of the best feet. Those shooters in the league crazy and that pressure can break his pipe falls and it's like that ain't even a pressure situation. Really. Like it's just a regular season game. Imagine that was playoffs, that's or game seven? I about To say game seven. Oh game seven you.


Oh yeah boy people going ride your house bro. Come on man. That that's shout to DJ man. Get well soon. It's all right. For sure man. Listen, we talked about a man Thompson, his great defensive you game yesterday. I know Dovan Mess been going through ups and downs but he did a really good job defending him yesterday. Is he one of the best young NBA defenders? For sure. Yeah He one of the best young players. There's not even defenders. Okay. I mean he can hoop. I mean we know they both known for their defense. Obviously he's a better scorer than his brother. Yeah, but they too are the best young players in the league. So you think he can make a defensive team if he keeps it up like this?


Yeah, especially with them playing, you know what I'm saying? At a hot level I think his brother probably make one before him. Mm. But he plays more, has more of an opportunity and he's starting to take on that challenge too. He is such a athlete that he could be a great defender. I mean he his gene them two athletic freaks right there. Nah, for sure. And listen, we talked about the success of the rocket so far this season. Some people call it Fluke but right now they're look consistent Being in beating the Cavs ain an easy feat. Nah, that's a good deal for them for sure though. That's a young ain't and upcoming team. They ain't, they ain't ready to do nothing right now. But in the future give 'em a couple years they gonna be one of the top contenders in the league. Hmm. You don't think they can get in the playoffs and make a little bit of noise man. Nah, they can get in though.


But ain't nobody worried about them. I think they can make it to the second round. Mm Yeah They say yeah we look right now they're what? Two in the standing so they probably catch one of the playing teams. You don't think they can catch one of the old play teams off? Like if it's the Lakers, maybe either Warriors like a stretch like that. You don't think they could get them up outta here? Nah. Lakers to beat them in a seven game series. Mm. Two polished. Two polished. Brian ain't going. Brian ain't losing to the Rockets. Okay so let's take Brian out of it. We got Warriors Kings, who else is down there? Pauls Spurs. You don't think they could beat none of them in the first round series? He Can beat the Spurs Kings it's quiet. I don't know. It'd be a tough one. The Kings would be a tough one.


Most definitely for sure. Sure. Spurs they gonna wipe they ass. They'll like for real they they'll really beat they ass if they fully healthy too. It's over. They got too much firepower over there. Speaking of Firepower, you talk about him, he finally getting some minutes and he's showing why. You know what I'm saying? He's special. Can Whitmore? Yeah I mean they got talented wings over there. Tar Easton. He the one that committed to Foul but Tar Easton Thompson Twin. Yep Whitmore. They all super talented. Yeah and they young. Their future is super bright. They still got Dylan Brooks and them guys the Veteran Wings that's helping them out. But I mean the future Bright for the Rock, they gonna be all right. Yeah, most Definitely. Talking about years they gonna be fired. Fred Van Fleet happened 26 yesterday man. Yeah the OG holding it down for him even though he ain't old.


We always call Fred. That's Crazy Too. He's not even old But for sure the old head, He the head on that team. He definitely og but he not even old. That's why he's still playing high, high quality basketball playing at a high level. I mean we kind of expect that from Fair Van Fleet though. He been good for many years. I remember when he got paid, people were just like dang he got a bigger bag than Kyrie. But I'm like hey Fred and Flee always been consistent Champ as well. So he show up in big games like this For sure. Yeah it's a different market too. So he deserved all that bread he got. He was a big staple for that Toronto rap team For sure. Man your rockers man. They on the way for sure man. Check them out if you have not got a chance to see them play. I know they ain't on TV much but please tap in. They're a definitely exciting team. Listen man Celtics got lucky yesterday in the OT one 17 to one 13 the Clippers Dayer had everybody yesterday and almost got the dub.


JT had 24, JB had 25. Derrick Jones Jr. Went crazy with 29 to seven and your boy KP J was killed yesterday. 26 7. Seven. Hey man I know the Celtics were down two stars but the Clippers were down four. Who's it says more about? It's a regular season game. You know boys is rushing. I get it like it ain't about nothing. That's a good win though for the Celtics though. This is Always tough games 'cause it's guys who get that opportunity to play, they gonna make the most of it. Yeah like K-P-G-K-P-J we know he capable scorer. He didn't have 50 in the league. So a night like this you kind of expect it when everybody down he a person that could step up. But the person that played great for the Celtics was Springer. Yes sir.


And he came in and was hooping. I know his stats don't say much but he came in and changed the game. He was hooping when he came in. He was, he Is a hell of a defender. Yeah He was locking up. He was just making plays. That Nigga might have had five steals yesterday. Yeah he changed the game for sure. He had four steals. That's crazy. Yeah he changed the game for sure. And that's crazy. Like you said they just so blessed that they just got people just coming off the bench. We could just contribute at high levels man. Yeah, yeah he plays hard. Athlete competes. I haven't seen for real. I haven't seen nobody play defense in like that in a long time in the NBA bro. He was getting after he said fight for the minutes like you said in rotation That looked crazy like he was as soon as his boys crossed half court it was spooky.


But that's how it go. Like you said when you on the team it's loaded like that. You get your moment, you better take advantage of it. And that's the team that values defense for sure. What man is he on the on the team though? Is he like the ninth man? What He been more like the 12th, 13th Man Shit I was about to say he down on that on that list. But like moments like that it get you some more playing time. Mm. So like him high having a highlight or a moment like that playing defense, it'll build some trust with you and now he gonna have another opportunity. He gonna get another crack at it too. Even when everybody all back somebody else gonna go down. He gonna get a chance to play again and he gonna be ready for that moment. 'cause obviously he was ready this end for sure. I wanted to ask you that, I know you spoke about it briefly but like when you're dealing with different coaches and you're not getting so much minutes, are you doing the things that the coach wants like done and like practice that he talks about the going there game at or you just playing hard ass defense just to help hope you get back on the floor again.


You just trying to do whatever you can to get on the floor. So if that's playing hard, defense picking up full court. If you a guard that's automatic. If you come off the bench you gotta come in and pick up full court. Try to cause havoc defensively. But if you know they need shooting you gotta be in the lab. But like shit, when I get in I gotta make me a couple threes if I'm open Jason Tatum kick it to me. I gotta be ready to shoot. And he made two last night. I mean he had six points, he hit two threes and that's how they play. He played defense and knocked down the shots when he got the opportunity. So maybe he get some more pt. That's dope for sure. Clippers man, like you said promising team. I know they took the L yesterday but the fact that they team even took them to OT without them starters. How you feel about 'em man?


Nah we all right. We're good baby. We're good. They say that's y'all on your team now. They say you adopt the mp, you gotta adopt the clippers too. That's fine man. MP superstar man. So I'm with that. I'm okay with that. Well y'all gonna mention this, y'all gonna be getting hella jerseys boy. Nah I need the shorts actually. Oh you need to type with the Shorts? Yeah bro. Sometime as spring is approaching us. I don't want no sw I'll lead them to y'all. We know how you feel about the jerseys for sure. The see whips got a close one yesterday over the Mavs one 15 to one 14. That was a solid game for sure yesterday and had 21 and seven. He went crazy in the third quarter yesterday McDaniels had 27 and eight, Kyrie had 36 and nine and PJ Washington was hooping yesterday with 30 and seven.


The Mavs 10 11 out Luca this year. You think they gotta make some moves or is it just time to just play out the year? Nah shit That's just a big loss. Mm. That one my best players in the league and literally, clearly the best player on my team been out so shit that's what happens sometimes everybody ain't lucky as a Celtics to have people step up and come in and fill that void while your star is out so Nah. Yeah they just need Luca back. Respect what I was thinking with that team they, they was talking about some rumors about moving people around you. You lose Derrick lightly now because they was talking about moving gafford. Thank God they didn't 'cause now he's gone for extended amount of time period. A lot of people were saying they were looking to be in the trademark and now they was like they just need to stay course and just play it out however it play out this year Luca ain't all the way healthy.


Just take this year for what it is and get a high draft pick and run it back next year. You think that's a good idea? Pretty much rock The Team shit. That's the only option really. Okay. Like when Luca down, you already kind of knew like they was gonna be a play-in team. Yeah because they, they weren't playing crazy bad when he got hurt the First time they was still kind of keeping afloat but then when Kyrie got had to sit out the back injury or whatever and Kyrie and kind of in and outta lineup and then he got fully healthy they just ain't been able to catch a stride. So man just play it out. Wait till Luca get back for sure. PJ Washington was hooping yesterday. His started piece was definitely noticed yesterday also when show some Mike Coley yesterday. Councilman professional like you said Divin Zo had to start job in, he got hurt.


Mike was hooping yesterday. Yeah Michael that though. Yeah this is 80 games in 83 or however man. 82. 82. Mike gonna give you some. Yeah he A capable player. He gonna, he Gonna have a moment. Yeah he always stay ready too. So shit that's that's life for him for Sure. You could just see the energy of the team like him distributing, passing the ball like it was multiple pass breaks. They had the first one, he gave a a second one he got to JR like that team. I think once they get back playing defensive for real they can be something but that's definitely something they miss on that team man. They like you said the vibes. The vibes look totally different with him yesterday playing Fucking Rudy Goldberg six rebounds. That's how he almost fucking lost shit. I'm sick of that nigga. 14 to six ain't good enough for Max deal.


Not when you motherfucker eight foot no six rebounds out of pocket bro. Jr out of pocket too for six rebounds. Dang man you, you harsh crystals yesterday. Eight had five, damn had eight. Nah Nah double. Double is is bare minimum man. NA's the only person that can get six rebounds man. That's it. Well Nas ain't supposed to get over. He's supposed to put the ball to basket. That's It. I'm just saying our bigs is supposed to that shit matter bro. We damn near lost. Y'all was fucking around in the paint. Yeah, I was gonna say that, that it says a lot about the sea wheels. I mean they did get the victory yesterday but they almost smoked that game yesterday Did bro. There's a lot of shit that went wrong in that game but it is what it is. Shout out to my boy an man you got a dub. Yeah he had a great third quarter yesterday.


But yeah spooky when you win by one niggas a team like that but I you gotta get a win where you can get a win.


The NFL playoffs kickoff this weekend and the action is always heating up on the field at the Draftking Sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draftking Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. If you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back now I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff like it's all colored. They Changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it Yeah you're like, do I send the heart now Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, A lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional W NBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexi Brown w NBA player and Professional Yapper And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the W NBA but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view and I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full Circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes' First Family Podcast, the quarterback series along with my co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes' first CEO We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension and Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent shockwaves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott UAA and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the First time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their clients signing on the dotted line. Listen to the Athlete's First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


SGA career high yesterday man 54. The Thunder beat. The Jazz yesterday 1 23 to one 14 SGA had 54 8 and five man. Yeah on 34 shots. Man. Just give you the MVP right now. Ah yeah I'm surprised it's his career high. He has 30 so often that you would think he had way more 50 point games. I think this his first 50 point game. Yep. Highest game total too. And it's kind of crazy 'cause he averaged 30. You would think you done had multiple 50 point game. Yeah you, you consistent as hell to average 30 and only had one 50 point game in your career. Yeah, that's kind of crazy. Yeah, Jordan Williams did his thing too yesterday.


He was killing yesterday. Smoke five piece for show. Damn. Yeah between them two they, they handled the situation but John Collins hooped out yesterday 22 and 12. Somebody else need to get free. Put him on the team man. I think John Collins definitely contribute to a productive team for show. Y'all still think Donovan Mitchell is better than SG? Whoever said that Respect We can move on. Oh we said he was better. We can move on now. Listen, we here what, what did this happen? This was just, I like receipts. This was, that's what nigga said earlier in the season, said Donvan Mitchell. Donvan Mitchell was the best two guard the league. All right. Shit we got, I count shades of PG though. Kings, King's over Warriors man, I don't remember.


We said he was better said who had a better career maybe having a better career. Oh was that our debate? Wasn't it wasn't bro, you had, you had Donvan you said Donvan Mitchell, you calling him m Mitchell Don Mitchell. That's what I'm thinking about. Blending them damn near the same bill. But you said it was better than SGA bro when they was went on a crazy streak. You had, you had Donvan Mitchell up there. Respect though it is all, I mean it's stats probably for his career. Probably all the same. I think SGA was runner up and missed MVP last year. Yeah I wouldn't disrespect him like that.


That's cool bro. But he probably was having a better year at that time. Beginning of the year maybe. It's all love man. What's the next topic? Five Man, y'all are funny man. For sure. I don't remember shit. What's crazy. I only do other girl said somebody in the comments to go back, go find it for sure. That was the third highest scoring game. KC history. Only above him is Russell Westbrook. 58 and 57. That's crazy man. I at some point he gonna get 60 like you said he got so many 30 point games and even 40 balls. Yeah but hell, I'm surprised KD ain't up there. That's kind of shocking too. I agreed as well. I know he got some 50 pieces but just oh I forgot them years in Russell by himself. He was shooting the ball whenever he wanted to. Yeah, for sure. But MVP for sure.


I don't think there's a conversation about it. I mean what they're doing this year is amazing. He got cheated last year and he's only gotten better this year. Definitely better to get MVP if not, we know something for sure. Kings got the win of the Warriors yesterday. 1 23 to one 17. The bar de Rose went crazy yesterday. He had 32 19 and third as well. Saboni had 26 and 18. Steph had 14 to 12 and Wigs had 25 and six. The Warrior had this game like pretty much put away but obviously they found a way to lose. Listen man Steph only had 14 yesterday. Is that a good thing that they was in the game still like that or is that a bad thing? It's just crazy to see Steph like not the best.


It is like kind of crazy for like the last 10 years. I can remember him being the best, He damn remember was booking him for 30. I see what you're saying. Yeah. Like you go into the games and you like I remember he used to kind of put fear in people like the whole, your whole team, like the coaching staff. Like if he run off this screen don't let him. Now I see guys kind of just, he run off they team different obviously. I mean not having Clay KD and just having that dynamic Dre mind, they were all younger obviously. But it just kind weird to see. You asked that earlier though was like is Steph kind of taking a step back like I He's still great. Yeah because he just had, what'd he have the other day?


50, 40 something crazy the other day. He just had It is just like crazy The other night. He's still great. What he averaging probably 20 something. He's still great but it's just kind of crazy. Yeah I was gonna say like it ain't no fear no more. Like you still know he good but I remember people used to fear him like fuck Yeah that ta that's for sure not the vibe no more. Like you Would never see a Niggas look at them like the old heads now. Yeah they the old heads for sure. Like you still know he code but you ain't really, that's The scary part about it. He had 14 to 12 is we'll say that if that was Rob Dylan like Rob went crazy And stuff.


A double doubles a good game for a lot of people for step. He like what the hell Niggas got spook on 14 to 12. That is insane. And he's missed a lot this year. But still can you go to Steph like previous years like 'cause he is averaging 22 still would be a career year for me. Like for a lot of people. 22 7 5. Yeah that's a he. Oh. Having a nigga we partying the whole summer. Yeah you, yeah you asking for Max deal? You getting 22 7. Oh well I'm geeked but if you go to like, alright nevermind. I just wonder what he average years previous. Like I remember when Steph was always at like 28, 29, yeah 30. You know what I mean? I married, he led the league in scoring not too many like a couple years back.


That was the year they won the trip. Right. Can't even remember. I just remember he was leading the league and scoring so it was just kinda weird to see him at like 22. Oh it's all good. But yeah that's crazy. Yeah and just not like people still, you know he's still the greatest of all time right there but it's just kind of damn he become a more human right now. Yeah it is just like damn. That's why I want them to get that shit together man. Like the Warriors get beat by 40. That was trifling. Nah, but you just, I remember when niggas used to go to the Oakland and you knew you was getting beat by 25. You used to pray you was within 10 in the fourth quarter and they would go on a run in like two minutes.


A 16 old run. Used to be like damn, got two backdoor layups and hit three threes and the game was over. Yeah. Last year he averaged 27 year before that, 30 year before that, 25 year before that 32. You know what I mean? Yeah. Just to see it kinda winding down is kind of crazy. Average Is crazy bro. You still, I mean average 22 still, you still goaded but Averaging 30 in the NBA is insane. Yeah, last time what? 1920? He, he averaged 20. But I mean that's 'cause KD was on the team probably. Well he only played what, five games. He was hurt anyway. Yeah bro. That's crazy. Yeah that's that's the same one. That's excellence bro.


Average below a dub and what, how long? Yeah that's crazy. And he's still at 22 but you could just see it winding down just a little bit. Damn man that's tough. But listen man, gotta show some love for the Kings man. A lot of criticisms. Doug. Chris you got them boys? Hooping Saboni. Is he a top three center in the league? Mm, Off of numbers. I give it to him. Yo Gets, I don't know if he better than Sagon. Mm That's a debate. I like him though. We know yo and Kat right there one too. However you want to. Yeah, you wanna put him up? Wouldn't be healthy. Wouldn't be healthy? I don't think so. Yeah. Oh hell nah. He better than Wendy Wouldn't be a sinner.


Gotta be it's Quiet Then. I'm 11 more center. Oh it's quiet. I don't put him in the top five. You you taking him over Ba? No. So he, he at the tail end of five then pause him or Miles Turner. Gimme, gimme don't put Me in that Situation. Gimme some bonus. I support them both Boths about my dog. No, I was just asking. I'm just naming sinners. I'm Saboni, I'm, I'm all about who rebound bro. Alright, you're going for that then? Yeah you definitely taking him. Are you taking him for Zynga or you taking him? Damn. Oh Saboni and Zynga a healthy forus. All Dayus is way better than Saboni. Mm That's tough.


Rudy or Saboni If he healthy You taking Jared Allen or Saboni? Jerry Allen. Damn that Boy Top 10. Okay. Isaiah Stein or Saboni Saboni. That's a funny list though. That nigga Draymond Green that's in. That's Wild. That's why I boy that's so much fun on that boy name. That's how to Dre Simonon be killing though. He a double double machine though. Yeah Definitely. I gonna say he be getting slighted a lot bro. He really be hooping. Nah, Nah, he, he, he kills bro. You just ask who I would rather have Shit. Nah that's a different conversation for show Pingus Healthy seven three with that type of game can play inside out.


I'm taking Zinky all day. Yeah the shooting ability make it a little bit different for sure. But like you said, you want somebody who going to get in there rebound, especially Dribble head off basketballs bonuses Elite for sure. Oh yeah. Like him on Go State would be crazy. He got to go stage that be back. Yeah. Dribble hand off as boy. That killing bro. Andrew get back bro. My soul, that's his shit. That dribble head off. Shit. He lead fate. He gonna spin one way and finish. Right. He gonna make the backdoor cut bro. His game is very vanilla and it is efficient as hell. Yeah. Yeah. They'd be back if they get him. For sure. Man. Shout to the Kings man. Keep handling the business. They'll win the Chip with bonus. Nah, no but they'll be, they'd be a way better team. Yeah it's a bonus. And Dre they can make that work for sure. But yeah, I don't know about championship.


Some more scores from last night. The Pistons beat the Hawks yesterday. One 14 to 1 0 4 mm k went crazy yesterday. 29, 11 to six. Fre Young had 13 to nine. You catch a little bit of that. Couldn't hit a fucking shot man. Yeah, he got Wicked and Jalen was broke. Oh, for six on the three. Yeah he, he had a highlight we'll talk about later but yeah we he just couldn't hit no shots last night. Trey didn't have enough points. Trey had to put it in. He need to score last night. Damn man. He couldn't get it going. Nobody can make no shots. He was a rough night for sure man. Shout to the Pistons. Keep finding ways to win games man. K Cunningham taking over games too. That solidified his Allstar right there. Say so. Yeah. That that was a battle between him and Trey who was gonna make it.


Ooh, that's tough. I mean if you look at it, I mean 'cause but you gonna keep Dame off of it now. No, I've been seeing people say that and I'm like, y'all tripping Damien Lil gonna be NBA Allstar. I know we debated up here just for shits and giggles, but with the stats he got and where they at? Yeah. Damian lives all fine, can't they? Were fourth in the east now and he's averaging 26. Yeah. Can't dam Allstar canstar this? No. No way. But if they, if they keep Trey off another years he getting slighted because we talked about how good his numbers are now. Pistons is up at six now how you keep K cutting him off of there. You can't Oh yeah. If, if k cutting him to the Allstar there's a big problem. You can't, how you keep Jalen Brunson off there? You can't. Mm person that's gonna get slide as my dog and he shouldn't but don't be Trey.


There ain't too many people been really, you know, pumping it like they should. I think Gill give him love. We always give, I always give him love. Yeah. And we know LA's numbers is crazy but we know lame iss gonna be all star. That's crazy. He is. The people win. See Lalo Out the gate. Yeah, it is gonna be Lamel. Yeah. Yeah. But Star 30 and seven man. Come on man. It's Not nothing else to talk about man. Go all this shit. Can you go to his field? Can you go to his field goes, I'm not hating, I just, I just wanna see how many times he shoot Jesus Christ.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror ball trophy from Dancing with a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it and the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was when when you send it, yeah it was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional W NBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is Lexi Brown w NBA player and Professional Yapper And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok and We've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the W NBA but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We Wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full Circle, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. It's Josh Allen. Gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, Ken Saquon, Barkley even break the rushing record. Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts and you'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season.


Run I many shots to shoot again. Shout out to the Melo man it goes Field percent attempted in May. Here we go. Was it 24? You shoot 24 shots a game. Yeah, that's what it's looking like. Damn. It's most average shot of your was 11. Work on your game bro. 24 in a year bro. That is love all. But he shoot up, he shoot 11. What legs bro? That is love.


That's just what we own. 24 shots a game. Come On man. What's his, what's his field percentage? Yeah, that's what it is. What he shoot from? A three 33%? Yes, he broke. He just pulling, he shoot what's it 18 Splash Ari Bro. Splash Safari Bro. Some will go in bro. Keep shooting. Nah, that's hard. I ain't, hey shit, I wish I could shoot 24 times a game but yeah that that'd be very interesting if, if Laela gets in over Reon man some people gonna feel some weights about that. They Shouldn't bro. I'm playing better than you bro. I'm killing bro. Somebody got a story, I'm better Man. You Bro. Somebody got a score.


I'm Better than you this year bro. They but they gonna say y'all ain't winning no games though. Somebody, it doesn't Matter bro. Yeah it does. No it don't. Somebody bro, that's how they did. Brad Bill, when he was in Washington, he was scoring third. He was like they're not winning New times. New era Bradley Bill never led the NBA and all Star votes. That's another thing bro. Y'all was sad and you was just in the mid tier of Votes. I mean kids is voting Well. That's who wanna see this shit. Like that's what matters man. A don't nobody care about the adults. Like come on man. That's A fact. I he, this Is a Allstar game. Like pick me bro. I won bro. I remember one year Jeremy Lin was the leading the votes. Well that's a lot of other people. Yeah. Being lead, lead every year Well over in their countries bro.


It's just way more people. It's real support Bro. Yeah, I'm just saying it was, it's was leading. This is American and I'm averaging 30. I ain't saying he not Kobe. He's Better than, what's that boy name? Lin Sanity all. Oh yeah, for sure. I ain't saying he not, but I'm just, he's a can man. Do you, do you like what do we doing? Do you reward losing though? Yes, In an Allstar game because my team is losers bro. I am a winner. I am number one. Thank got 11 wins bro. Yes, he said I'm a winner. My team Miss is funny saying that at your all star speeches like bro they got, I know we suck but I'm cold.


Fuck with me. They got 11 wins bro. Hey Bro, bro they are shouts to Charlotte Hor he locked in man, I don't know bro. I mean I hope he make it. He do. He is a great player. If he didn't lead the league in votes then I'd be like, you know what y'all, y'all are absolutely Right. Yeah, that first return he was definitely in the guard. Damn bro. I'm leading the league bro. They want to see me bro. Bro He, he, I don't know what the return is now but he still, I think he's still top up there at pause. But bro, like look at 1129 bro. Somebody guy scored that man. This is not voting. Who you, I think you should make the playoffs bro. This is a singular accolade bro. Give me my allstar rain bro. I'm averaging 30.


I'm leading the league in one, one leg at three pointers bro. I make, it's just historic bro. Yes bro. A let Jello bring him out too. Yes, I shot 54 but the next thing under me is Tre. Ah, If they let Jello bring him out, that's hard. Yeah, let Jello do the song bro. For the Eastern Conference bro. Yeah and starting that one guard LA I might swerve on that corner. That's wire bro. It'll be hard. Hey if they don't do that then it ain't Okay with sitting this one out. He ain't fucked up about It. I'm sure Reon would love to make Oscar team after getting s slotted as much as he gets lighted they'd be having him messed up. So what's the fan returns? Yes sir. Who won? It ain't nowhere but Ella Na guard still. Yeah. Yes sir. He got two Nigga he smacking shit.


Him and d Mitch. Yeah I'm with it. Mm Yeah Jordan pool up there. Little party baby. Yeah man. Real fans bro. Tyrese, Maxey being above them is kind of crazy but yeah but Tyler Hero gonna make it off the strength though. Damn. Shay got more than Step. That's crazy. I never thought I'd see that Shay on the internet heavy. Yeah it is different times man. Go Up to the fours. Shout to Karie. Yeah that's fair. Yo has got more than bro. Damn. It's a different times bro. A new time boy. Gianni's got more to everybody. That's crazy. I Know them countries bro.


NBA overseas. That's why they try to get that new league over there. They tapping in. Yeah bro. It's different. That's crazy for sure man. Some of our games took place yesterday. Hopefully we'll get some more Allstar base coming soon. Suns beat the next yesterday 1 0 8 to 84. Book had 32. KD had 24 as well. The Grizzlies beat the Hornets yesterday. We talked about that matchup. Dein Bain was hooping yesterday. He had 23 at eight. Ja had 16 at 13. Mark Williams went crazy yesterday. Yeah that's my, the 45 bucket. Well he had 38 and nine. He was hooping yesterday. La Melo had 22, 8 and six. That was a very interesting game yesterday. Yeah it was mostly belt to ass but it was real interesting for sure. But Mark Williams was ball yesterday bro. Melo should have shot more.


Everybody was missing shots. He was trying to get niggas open, niggas was missing shots. He got six assists. But I mean Mark Williams had 38 yesterday. Feed the high hand. Hey don't nobody else need the ball. If I got 38 bro. Hey shout out to MD Dub man. For sure man. Grizzlies keep winning games some games today. We gonna see how y'all feel about 'em. This is a matinee game for sure. The Spurse versus the Pacers in Paris. Oh man, everybody wanna watch that shit For everybody at work. You know what I'm saying? Get your YouTube on, you know what I'm saying. Two o'clock game tap In Paris. In Paris you see? You see the, you see the Pacers? They Send the real niggas out there then They did. They said Whippy, they sent Whippy to the crib. They sell these tickets. Goddamn Cathedral worship tour out there Fucks ain't doing it man.


You see the essential suit though? They let Holding, holding them down. Nah, I got Spurd though. Fuck it. Y'all know it's always obvious. That's crazy. I got the Pacers. There we go. Pacers for sure. Built to ass situation. Blazers at Magic. I'm go with the Blazers. Yeah Magic. Going through some things right now. They are. I'm gonna take the magic though. They at the crib. I'm gonna go magic as well. Rappers at Hawks. I got the Hawks. We gonna bounce back. Yeah I'm gonna go rappers rj. Bere high loading damn heat at Bucks. I got the Bucks. Yeah gimme the Bucks. Yeah I'm roll with the bucks as well. Mavs at Thunder Thunderbirds? Yeah Thunder about the whoop date ass Kings at Nuggets.


Nuggets. Somebody go with the Nuggets. I'm roll with the Kings man. They been winning Bulls at Warriors. Warriors not watching. I'm going with the Warriors. They gonna bounce back. Something gotta happen. Yeah. Yeah something gotta happen for sure. Celtics at Lakers. Celtics take the Lakers. Hopefully the Celtics rest. Yeah, Celtics gone. Nah they ain't gonna rest tonight. They Oh yeah, they might beat they ass. Yeah I think Celtics gonna get that dub for sure. Wizards at Clippers. Clippers? Yeah. Clipper. I don't even know why I said the first name Give. Well soon they said Kaku was supposed to be getting traded real, real soon so. And that's kind of crazy though when you got the Clippers and the Lakers playing at the same time. Yeah, I mean I know they got they own arenas now but it's crazy.


I wonder what it look like though, like at the same time they playing both at home. Who you pulling up to? That's what I'm saying. Like damn out the Wizards game. Yeah, I ain't going see 'em play the fucking Wizards but I'm gonna pull up to the Lakers in Boston tonight obviously. But I'm just wondering, Are Clippers, Clippers, Warriors, Lakers, Celtics? Who? What game you going to? Lakers? Celtics always gonna be a bigger draw. But like Who you going to see though? Clippers. Who? Warriors Healthy Steph's killing. Mm, that's a good question. Yeah, Court side. They said the E would no is fire too. Lakers cor side. Lakers, I Lakers Chicago Core Side. Yeah I I respect it. They Said the EW with Noman is fired though.


Likers cor side. Different Conversations Bro. Yeah I'm on TV with it. Different life. Yeah I respect it. But Bro let's say no I'm bro let's say who does biggest star in the league like Clippers verse KC. Mm He ain't big enough like Clippers verse Luca, they got like a little rivalry. Yeah he probably the biggest one of the biggest stars. Who you pulling up to? Laker Celtics Healthy. Everybody playing Clippers Dallas 40 minutes. Yeah I'm probably gonna see the Laker Guy. Yeah I'm More Lakers bro. I'm going Clippers Dallas.


That game probably gonna be better. I ain't gonna be star studded though but Yeah you not. Yeah bro. Nah y'all gonna be having more love than me. Yeah you can park in the front too bro. We, I'm crypto with It. I'm Be with you don't need Vale bro. Back I'm in you with you with though. They say it's fire bro. Everybody I know who's pulled up say it's Elite Man's out to Steve Barber. Oh yeah Lakers show is definitely Tom Crow everybody. Yeah I'm saying y'all gonna be elite but I'm just saying the game I really want to watch Terry Cruz cor You next to Tom Cruise. I'm an exterior crew. That sound about right that that's a bar that's a natural good For sure Conversations And you don't how they be paying to celebrity in the crowd.


There go Jeff Tea, Terry Cruise Hell of a Lee Don't fall me with no Sir Crew. That nigga gonna start dancing and Shit. Oh Shit. Oh man that's crazy. I ain't gonna shake his hand 'cause I know. No I'm just gonna be stuck boy. Bear part left have to dapping but y'all hand to in the arena bro. Got Gonna bring you like in like he did. Nah I was just saying it's a group hug. I was say I know, I know what you said you was doing in that base. Alright, Lemme stop, shout Terry Cruz man, the all Star sergeant who beat first Malcolm will be confirmed tonight.


So we'll see who makes it. Hopefully the mes and starter man there. Yes, We gotta get you the jersey man. La Milligan Allstar game. We gotta get the jersey up here. I just need The shorts bro. I would never wear an NBA jersey bro. I'm not no. Fuck nigga bro You hating bro. Ain't nothing wrong with no jersey. Yeah can I'm wearing a jersey tomorrow. For what bro? Because I just like Jersey and shit. Now I gotta ask a question. Have you ever wor your own jersey out? Nah, I ain't never been lame is a nigga out pocket for wearing his own jersey? Lame. I'm rolling man. I ain't never been lame. I ain't gonna call Dennis Robin Lane. Dennis wore Robin wore 91 to the club. Ah. He probably wore his actual jersey like he didn't take a shower or nothing. He probably left the game and went in that jersey wearing your own jersey is crazy. I seen Brooke Lopez do that so I feel he won a championship.


He went to the club and his tights, everything. I said that's questioning broke outta pocket. Yeah, Brooke was on a different and was turned up and the shit was trash man but so it didn't really matter. We was all together. It was just us smelled like beer in the fourth quarter. He was outta pocket going to the club And it looked just like the locker room. It's crazy. Oh God. He still had his tape on like damn nigga takes the tape off. You always hate people wear accessor to open gym. I mean if you walk in the club and see Brick Lopez in a full Suit, that is the worst Bring back old hooping man. I mean If you won a championship and you actually played that probably you probably feel so good feel So, you know what I mean? Like Yeah it don't matter.


You Probably don't give a fuck. Like if, if you played the whole game and you won and that shit probably hit different, I don't know. It didn't hit D. I'm gonna live in my full outfit. Yeah, I, I felt, I felt Who did that? Ron Artes? Yeah. They probably turned like I don't give a fuck it be outside. I ain't, I ain't get that same feeling. I ain't play trash. I was like, take my jersey, send that motherfucker to me at least I Had a fire parade. I was sagging during my shorts was damn to my knees. I was kicking it wild Time. Like when I did the little, I got a A on the group project shit nigga I had my shirt already on. I had a bottle of koro.


The shit y'all bought me. That shit awful. I had a headache for a month. My god. That's Michael Jordan shit, right? Yeah. Ain't the owner of the Boston Celtics in Milwaukee. Part ownership. Wow. Shout to cin Curl man. Lovely beverage. I think it was, it's meant to be for like five owners. Partner with it on that tequila brand. Five NBA owners B Trying to save it. Lovely tequila, great quila. Nah, I fuck with it. I was, I, I drank the whole time. You see the Christmas gifts the girls tap in now. That's why I said I said that. That's why they was wilding. Yeah, that's it. That's security. God boy. Like that was my gift. Like oh I got me fucked like messed up.


Like why you some liquor for Christmas? I'm like what kind of, Because you're wife ain't me. Fuck Like yeah like who y'all think I'm buy me alcohol for Christmas? It's crazy. It be water in my cup y'all. What's the funniest shit ever bro. Bar To get This nigga. Our bartender make drinks with no liquor but they gonna buy me liquor. It is crazy. That motherfucking console ba expensive as Hell. I mean I ain't mad, I appreciate it but like why Nah, nah, nah. Why am I Bring it back to, alright, Like why is that my Christmas man?


You could got me some headphones, Some pulled out shoes. Come on. Popcorn. I would've took some more of these motherfucking things But I didn't get you popcorn. Okay. Yeah you didn't get popcorn? Wait, I would've took, I would've took some more sound bite things in here. You said I have be upgrade the final. Yeah, you could have upgraded the sound in this one. Oh man. Bear mind, let me, well I forgot. We doing a show. I done went off fast. Shout out to the production team man. Great. Christmas gets off rap. Hey Verify buckets being here. Who was getting to it yesterday? Oh man, I'm gonna give it to my boy. DeMar de man 32 and five. My boy being consistent all year. I think he might be averaging close to a 20 piece this year.


So shout out to Goddamnit de Rose for Sure man. One of the best scores of all time man. I'm gonna show some love to the Hornets man. Mark Williams went crazy yesterday. 38, 9 5. My boy was hooping yesterday. Who you got teg? I had Mark Williams but I'm gonna go game. I'm just playing. I'm gonna go with, I'm gonna go with some bonus man. Big double double 26 and 18. I ain't mad at it. Most definitely. And listen man, we know we shot him out a lot on this show but SGA had 54 yesterday. Yeah 54, 8 and five to be exact. That's light. That's another day at the opposite bro. Yeah, video game numbers man. Alright man. Going into this weekend. Who need some encouragement to be here and get well soon? Probably Jalen Durian. Who dunked on me JJ man.


Jalen. You said Pascal? What? Oh respect. Don't do that because Pascal ain't know who Paco wouldn't had 12 yesterday. Oh yeah. About the hey he lost it too. Everybody, everybody DM me like Pascal could never, I was like I know I ain't gotta tell me. Tell him he Climbed him DM me. What happened when we played the Pistons last week? Ah, The climbing nigga is crazy. Yeah Bro, that's crazy. To lose a ball mid say that is crazy. Duck nuts say climb. Nevermind. I'm just saying bro. He well he ducked on he Shout dander man. He get wicked sometimes man.


Wicked. She get wicked. I'll never celebrate Rudy Goldberg. I was gonna say day Gar, let's go load up the clip. This to piss off. Be here. Rudy Goldberg highlights on the show. Be punched on him though. Wow. Good move. Ah, butter. Ah. Where Hell that shit weak Butters come on. Punch that shit Rudy. Nigga Catch and then you look at me. Yeah I ducked at your ass. That's crazy. You low key dribbled that motherfucker, Him dropping that simple pass is nasty. I hate that nigga bro. I know this to get well soon but he gotta to get well on too. Never fucking up that assist. Right.


I couldn't imagine how he responds after if he wouldn't have made that basket like that. He got mad 'cause he dropped the ball. He got mad 'cause he dropped the ball. No, what I'm saying if up, no, no. Watch him drop the watch when he missed the pass like do it then he try to jump up again when he dug it. Catch the ball. God damn nigga say that. Oh good shit bro. I hate the nigga. I feel you. You gotta fuck with that nigga every day. Man. I hate that. I'll be cracking up. 'cause like even in the game yesterday like I Walker, he was in the wrong spot and he's like ne like hey, he be yelling at them niggas bro. I understand why. Yeah, it is what it is For sure.


Tgu, you got speaking of Walker, shout to Wallace for catching a body. That was crazy yesterday. Wow. A little baby crawl school reaching. Come here Walker Kessler. Oh, with The left. That's nasty. And why you gambling for it? Kentucky boy. Yo. Kentucky boy. It's too Late. Gambling a half court. Got your man. Slide your feet B On. I like him as a young player. Good defender. He Gonna be good man. Thunder got a a good eye for talent man. They do man. Because I didn't see that when I was watching him in Kentucky. I thought he was good, but I just didn't think he was like, you know. Oh man, he all right.


He got a good eye for talent. Most definitely, man. He's going crazy for sure.


All right, be here man. Last chance for the weekend. You got chance for people win some paper man. Yeah man. I'm fooling with your boy tonight too. I got Tyree getting a dub on the Spurs Coming me Up. 20 points for Tyrese Palo 25 mm dang. 20 Kyrie Irving, 20 Russell Westbrook 15 points. Jason Tatum 25 and the Los Angeles Clippers will beat the hell out of the Wizards today. $500 will win you a grand total of $15,000 today. 500 for 15 bands. Yep. Alright, So you got the Clippers cover Seven leg. Yep. Seven leg Parlay Clippers will for sure be at least by 10. But I just got 'em for the straight up, straight up bet though. Okay. Yeah, so we good. Sure man, listen, you can always count on a Wizards loss. Now it'd be crazy if everything else happened in the Wizards Went. I would feel sorry for the people who put it in this bet. Man. We gonna have positive thoughts man. Use Draft Kings promo Code Club five 20, The Crown is yours.


We appreciate y'all tuning in. Y'all have a safe weekend. We'll be back on Monday. Same time, five 20 In The Morning. The Volume,


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings, Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply C app for details.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexie Brown and Mariah Rose and we've got a new podcast full circle every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.