
Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby sport, or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered. Like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon? Music. Music to podcast fast shipping. What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime Fuels. Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


Now


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school, you're coming back with Purdue Global. Backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Lowe's knows how to help you get the most out of your store run. That's why members save more with Mil Lowe's rewards. Earn points towards my Lowe's money on eligible purchases. Get access to member only deals and free member gifts. Plus, unlock free standard shipping when you reach Silver Key status. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change


The Volume. Good morning, happy Thursday. Sure. They want hopping my spread wide. Yeah it just Trey that like our boys acting different this morning. Boy freak Mike came in with a wild shit. But you know what it is. Five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this wonderful morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Hendrick. To my right, my brother T folks. Good morning. How y'all Doing? What up Ken Folk? What's happening? Good. Listen man. The NBA said y'all ain't going to sleep man. 'cause all the wild shit is happening while everybody's trying to get to bed. Let's get straight to it man. Jimmy Butler. We let our fans down man. They was. They was.


I had people writing me phoning me on Instagram. Where is the content? I said Damn, we break news like that. What we doing? Nah, but Jimmy got out of there. I talked to my dog last night. PJ Tucker, me and P tapped in. Mel was here when we was doing the, the podcast I caught on said we back. He was geek. He said, I feel like I just got drafted. Hey man. Most importantly about this whole situation, PJ got back to Miami. He got Yeah man, they sent my dog to Utah to die. He came back on it. But man, let's just talk about this trade man. Crazy, crazy deal. Jimmy Butler is at Golden State War officially. Wiggins went to Miami in the deal.


Dennis Schroer was talking about slave trade where he saw the real part of that 'cause he went to Utah to die. PJ went to Miami, Kyle Anderson to Miami as well. I know that Kyle Anderson was supposed to go to rapper, something didn't work out between that I believe. But he's in Miami as well. Jimmy got an extension as well in that trade man. How did we feel about that? Well, Ah, I mean shout out to Jimmy. We didn't think he was going anywhere so we ain't about to stunt like we was just, we knew it. He didn't know, thought he was gonna stay there for the rest of the year. So hopefully he get to work. You know what I mean? Well I mean he said he didn't want to go to the Warriors. Well that's what report said. So obviously somebody wasn't telling the truth but he probably just trying to work out that extension, see if he could get it or whatever the number would be.


And I think he got what he wanted. Think he happy gonna be there for a while. I guess we're gonna see how he fits For sure man. Brian Hurst had made a report earlier today on Sports Center basically sending the original three team deal, which is supposed to send KD to Gold State Warriors. Jimmy there to where he, well to Phoenix, excuse me. And then to Andrew Wiggins to Miami. But KD stepped in and said nah, I'm cool in that shit y'all. Y'all believe any of that Man, I don't know the media so fuck we the real media. So I don't, I don't be knowing man. Like that's why I didn't wanna speak too much on Jimmy 'cause I really didn't know what was going on. Okay. But you know all of it's fluff to me man. Nah, I don't know if KD said that.


I mean shit. Yeah maybe. I mean I would imagine that the Warriors would won Kevin Durant over Jimmy Butler. They had him before. You know, they know how him and Seth played together so it would probably be a easier transition for them. But I mean I think they got a good player in Jimmy Butler. I think he gonna bring a different energy there. I don't know how good the team would be but they were able to keep their young pieces, some of their young guys that they value. Like Minga? Yeah, moody bp. So I guess it's a good tray over overall. Yeah that's a the interesting part about that. Like you said, they get to keep their young pieces. We talk about Jonathan being there. He stays moody, stays there. I don't know what that got going on for the future.


The future, I don't know how this team looks but they kept some of they assets just in case shit get wicked as well. Wigs to Miami is fire. Yeah I think that's a better, that's Hard. He's gonna contribute to that team a lot. I think that's a better trade than Jimmy going to the Warriors. I just don't think the Warriors got enough still. Hey I don't even know who had the two for them. Who's at the two for them? Oh for for the Warriors? Yeah. Well they was doing that weird lineup where they kind of had Step and Dennis so at this point, yeah I don't, I don't know what they going to do. Yeah, I don't know even who's at the two for them. I'm not really Krasinski Like I, Yeah I'm really not excited about the Warriors but I'm more excited about the Miami heat getting Andrew Wiggins give 'em a chance to get back out there. He's one of those guys that can fit on any team.


'cause he plays defense. Yeah and he's always gonna get 20 points 18 or 20 points every regardless, every night. It don't matter. So he gonna fit in easily with that Miami team for sure. Probably gonna flourish probably be one of the best years he is gonna have probably next year when he get used to the team. 'cause SP gets the best outta players and he push you. But we'll getting to the east I think it's gonna be good bro. We still got a lot left in the tank Allstar them and Tyler. That's fire. Kevin Love was geek on the bench yesterday? Yeah. Yeah And that was fire to see the fan told the Miami players to traded took off. Yeah that was fire to see. I don't wanna figure it out what happened by my job while I'm at work by somebody else. But that was far to See. I'm excited for wig though.


That's my guy too. So Also Slowmo in Miami gonna work as well man. Like you said they, you know what I'm saying? Versatility. Yeah that's, they kind of squad they don't really got, yeah not to say Jimmy a pri Madonna but just a superstar attitude. They don't really do that in Miami. They kind of just work hard. Yeah get to it. Hit the ground running. They only had that with the Les when LeBron and all them was there. But other than that it's usually just like a grind team. Even before Jimmy you know wanted the contract, he was just grinding and they was getting to championships and eastern conference finals and that's the con team. They are. That Anderson gonna be okay too. Yeah, that's what he is. Slo Mark going play great for them man. Anderson gonna be Yeah they, they ain damn near nice bro. I think Miami need one more trade.


They can get a point guard. I like to hear Ro but they can get one more guard if they could get a, I don't know, just a guard. I've been seeing some rums about the bullseye shops and players. How you feel about Trey Jones going down there? Nah That ain't the guard they're looking for. Nah, I'm gonna keep Terry Rose Respect And I like Trey. That's A little, that's just not the Remedy. That ain't, that ain't the one that's gonna get it. Understood. Understood. Some more moves that took place yesterday. Late last night as well. Brandon Ingram, it's now Toronto rapper. Yeah Boy Bruce Brown. Kelly first in the second. Yeah they sent my boy to the Knights watch yesterday man. But guess what though?


He probably ain't gonna, I hope he's signed an extension there and get paid and get that max money he deserve. I doubt he do but if he do they actually building a nice little team to kind of battle with Boston now hit me out. They not good as Boston at all. I'm listening but they getting wings. Right and that's what winning the n Iso cam. Yeah hold on. They getting wings and that's what winning the NBA. Look at Boston. They just play all wings. They don't really really have a traditional point guard at all. Right. Derrick White, not a traditional point guard Drew Holiday, he's basically a wing at this point. That's kind of what the Raptors are doing. They got RJ Barrett, Scotty, they got Scotty Barnes and now I'm Brandon Ingram.


Okay. Three wings. They gonna play Scotty Barnes somewhat like the point guard. Right. Muslim but But they still got quickly who's not a traditional point guard. Yep. He A scoring guard. Another wing remind you of Drew Holiday. Not the same defender, none of that but Offensively I'm tapped in with you bro. I Listening but offensively, offensively He can get you 20, they Can get 20. It's a whole bunch of wings. They can switch now of quickly become a better defender than they got. They working with so for us. But like they got a bunch of big wings. 6, 8, 6, 9, 6, 7 quickly like six four. And you still got Davon Mitchell too? Yeah they starting to, they starting to figure out something over there.


I ain't saying it's gonna work immediately but I see what they doing. They like all right wings one through four switching big guards. Everybody can penetrate shoot catch Scotty Barnes can play the four, he can bring the rock up point forward. I see what they doing. Just clip this up Mike for future, you know what I mean? So I see what They doing now you see it's, I ain't saying it's Gonna work. I just see what they doing. You see see Vision. I see what They doing now Beba looking to go a couple different places. I know you look at your Bucks was looking to possibly add him to the team. That didn't work out. A couple other teams tried to get him but the draft capital wasn't there. But man if you're the Pelicans did you get a good holdback for Bren Ingram? I don't know. See look at 'em. They still got Grady D pulls.


Yeah boy GD they got wings bro. They got good players All Wings bro. Jacob Hoal, everybody want Him. Everybody want him. Alright this is now you, you talk for seven minutes. I'm just telling you bro. You gotta think About nah I respect it. I want you to you know get it all. But I you compare them to the Boston Seage. I'm telling you how they team is constructed. Not that they gonna be good as Boston So I'm not out of pocket saying Gerald Henderson was Kobe Duke is that what you No he, he wanted to be Kobe. Don't do that. Don't do that. I just wanted, he did play like not do that. This Morningstar I play shots. I played like I started today We used to say that we used like this nigga think he Kobe real talk. Right.


He used to run like him and everything. Swear to God I'm not trying to be messy. I'm just, We didn't say he was good as Kobe players. I'm Just trying to align the what you saying of like, I'm just saying how they constructing their team. It is nowhere near Boston. Boston got hall of Fame players that damn near every position but for young team that's trying to like rebuild and start it over. I see what they doing. So If you bi you stand and trust in the process. No I didn't say that. I said I see what the Raptors are trying to do. I didn't say what bi? What Bi? I said if you were him though, I'm going wherever they gonna gimme Max at this point. Like they just throwing me anywhere. I've been in New Orleans man y'all trade me in Toronto, y'all don't give a fuck about me. Whoever love me enough to gimme me the max money.


That's where I'm going. You know what I am on the take shit first year Max deal me second year. I ain Ain't happy. I ain't happy. I Hate Canada. Get me outta Here. I swear to God. Well Y'all funny as hell This Max deal me Get the bag and then you move on man more moves will be made. We will be up to date because I think they said Toronto even might be open to moving him as well. We shall see the Lakers Rob Palka boy Masterclass the hot to finesse boy. Yeah Mark Williams for the Hornets for your boy Dogg connect Cam Redish the 2031 un unprotected first round pick mark. Mark Williams 2030 pick swap. That's Mark Williams the center he'd be killing too. He Was just hooping. He'd been going Crazy outta Duke. Yeah with them long ass arms.


Yeah stupid wings man. KD just, I mean not KD ad just had his way with that nigga though. Pause. Yeah he gave him 42 and 20 but he been hooping as well. But man That's, we averaging 15 But that's a good pickup for the Lakers. First of all He ain't averaging 15. I know that ain't right. Yeah I was gonna say I don't know what that's at His college STAs. What he averaging? Oh we got him fucked up. He averaging 15, 9, 15 And nine. Oh yeah he hooping. Yeah he going curse Quality piece. That nigga warms long than no Motherfucker when they moved on from Nick Richards 'cause they expected him to be the starter but apparently people just can't say no to the Lakers. Rob poa finesse man that trade that they gave the hornets was probably what was supposed to give for Luca for them not to give up. No real picks in that situation. Even though they did give up ad and they turned around and use the same tray to get another big and they still got like a rasher spot.


A little bit of bread this Lakers er starting to fill out. All right Man. How y'all Feel? Yeah I I yeah the Lakers then. That was a great, they motherfuckers might be a three seed. I I can't even hate that big right there. Yeah they Rob Pika might be nice bro. I ain't gonna lie with because Niggas gotta fat homage The person y'all sleeping on for real though is Maxie Cleaver. I'm telling y'all he gonna be a big row for the Lakers bro. He hoop all the time in Dallas bro. 'cause he can guard one through five. Yeah and he can fucking shoot. I'm telling he gonna fit right in with LeBron and he one of Luca favorite players. Yeah that's his dog. Him and do Finney Smith, them his guys.


So it's about to be easy. It's About to be easy. Damn good shit Lakers Man that was all I was gonna ask you Tega about 'cause I know they said that it's possible they might move on from him but I'm just like nah that's Luca guy you gotta Comfortable With For sure. They move on from him. I mean he gonna be sought after he's one of them guys that can do a lot on the court. Like he wanna, I like him a lot But I think they said moving him, I give them a little bit more money under the apron to get under their first apron and they got a roster spot they said looking to add another shooter. I don't know what that's about for this team. 'cause this team definitely use another shooter. But you think they done man? 'cause I feel like they got another movement. They know They move Maxie I understand for money purposes but shit he a good piece. I ain't gonna Lie. You might and they said that because that might enable them to get a buyout situation 'cause you know Dennis probably won't stay in Utah So you could probably add him to the team if you're looking for that.


If you're looking for another shooter as well as Ru might be on the go as well. 'cause if you move Ru to get another shooter now this lineup, I mean that roster's really, really crazy. I know they probably wanna keep him but Ru is making 17 shit. That's Enough to get you a Shooter. Yeah, I mean I don't know You move on from Gabe Vincent. Oh they locked in. Gabe said nah, I'm him. He like Jewish Randall. Nah, when it was times to get trade I don't feel good. Cannot move me Ju Randall random Ting injury for two weeks. Perfect timing my boy. Nah. But I like that. I like that team. I like what Rob did but I kind of like what the the Hornets did. A lot of people been saying the Hornets got finessed.


Do you feel otherwise in that Situation? They they got finessed for sure. RN Williams was a young big but he's always hurt. Yeah So they like fuck we can get off this. They know something we don't know, you know what I mean? You don't just give up a big center, a young center averaging 15 and damn near 10. It is something they know that we don't like. Okay. That hit fucked up for real. You know what I mean? Like he, he can get through it but it ain't gonna last long. But to get like I told you the name of the game is Wings. He get two young Wings and Cam reddish and don't connect to add with another Young Wing and Brandon Miller. Then you still got to keep our boy mix tape miles. Yeah they I'm telling you everybody And they got PG one coming back.


Yeah All they want is wings bro.


The action is always hitting up on the field at the Draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book, the official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with draft DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits. If you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime for a minute. I've got mine. Do you have yours? Not just about one thing. It's a whole collection of services that help you get the most out of whatever you're into. If you passionate about a hobby, a sport, or all sports in my case. So you just need to get things done fast. Prime Amazon Prime's got your back. You can watch content, order supplies, listen on Amazon music. It's all included under One Prime membership. Of course we can all agree one of the best things about Prime is the fast free delivery. With Prime you can have what you need delivered the same day. But it's more than that. Prime is a collection of excellent services. I love it. Amazon music. Listen to the tunes that keep you in the zone or this podcast, whatever you're doing. Working out on the road Prime doesn't just help you get closer to the things you care about. It helps you discover new things too. Prime's always there to fuel your passion. Make it just a little bit easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the trophy and you have a shot to score big by betting on them at DraftKings Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdowns. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort, Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, c cdk eng.co/audio,


this Is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Interchangeable wings that can guard one through four. They looking at how Boston played. It is a it's a copycat league. Oh you said champions always dictate what happens next. Copycat league get wings. That's what they Got. Now my only thing about them is They don't got no bigs. Huh? Yeah. Who the fuck is gonna be they bigs that What they gonna draft next year because obviously they worried about doing shit this year. Taj Gibson baby Taj is not supposed to be working as hard as they about to make it work bro. But they got that young kid, Musa d Diop. Diop? Yeah. Motherfucker from Michigan. I I ain't gonna lie scouting him. I remember him. He got, he got a motor. He got a motor. Yeah. Motherfucker can't shoot worth a lick but he go after them boards bro. Well don't you worry he about to get his, he about to earn out.


I'll watch it. I guarantee when we watch this like a week or two that go crazy, he gonna end up having a game where 21 rebounds, 18 re something crazy. He got a motor so he gonna get a lot of chance to play. But they definitely got a draft a big, or they got a trade for a big, I mean the trademark is still long. They might find him a young big they was looking for but to give up Nick Richards and Mark Williams, I don't know where they was going with that one. Yeah, Trey Both Hill bigs in in a matter of weeks is crazy. Yeah. But obviously they're not trying to win shit right now anyway. Or they wasn't Trying to pay him Trey, you know what I mean? They, they got young. I mean they know they don't gotta pay Cam Redish. They they got Josh Kogi who was already under a deal. Now you got Don Connect who was a rookie. Yeah. Be they might not be trying to pay Mark Williams.


I mean I'm sure he is probably about to be up soon for Extension. Yeah he got, Well he got a little, Paul's a small extent but yeah I think he ain't due for another bag for another two years. What's Brandon Miller under? He got one more year for that. Pay him because this Is, well nah, Mark Williams still under his rookie deal. Yeah, I was gonna say his hit is up another year and a half though. So he's Cool. So I mean but you know how you get the extension. What year is Mark Williams? It's gotta be a second, third year This be out. I mean Brandon Miller second year right? Yeah, Year. So you for two years it's Mark Williams' third year. Oh yeah. So you had to pay him after next year. Yeah. So They probably like let's just go ahead because you get the extendo after this year. False. They can extend you after this year. He no, they was gonna let him play out his fourth year and he was gonna be a restricted free agent.


Shit. And the scary thing about it's the lady's about to be on about to give you any more money before we Decide the lakes gonna pay him though. You think so? That's interesting. 15 to nine. You fuck around being a $200 million nigga Know about that. Not in Los Angeles. He not, He gonna be a, I don't know bro. Four year 68. Hell Nah. He don't got no that Bro. Nah, he'll get paid from somebody. He Gonna get paid bro. And Luka gonna make him look even better. Yeah he about to get and LeBron gonna make him look even like great. Yeah we talked about that on the pod today. Dropping the 12 with dope, dope episode on the way. You talking about the two foot jumpers and being able to have that, that's the perfect live for Sure. No they ain't got a two foot jumper. Perfect live threat. Jackson Hayes, I knew it wasn't gonna last long but he got his one game he showed out though.


He gonna be a nice backup For sure man. I wanna talk about your bucks a little bit man. I know they was trying to, you know obviously with the Chris Milken situation they were looking to possibly move Brook Lopez in the situation as well. I saw that. To who? Just they just put him on a block. I don't know what the exactly they was trying to get back for him but They're trying to get younger. Yeah it's faster. I seen Bobby Portis as well is is up to be on the block as well to go potentially to Golden State. What they got Jericho Sims yesterday. They said they wanted to make that move regardless what they doing man. And you get get Kuma they trying to get faster. They play so slow and boring. Like if you watch him play it is just, it is like old as hell And Brooke Lopez don't make it no better. He moves.


So I love Brooke but he a three point shooting slow big. He He need some athletes out there. Yeah. Like you going like we all compare our teams to Boston. Boston flying up and down the court. Everybody's shooting threes. They trying to score a thousand points a game. You got poor Zynga protecting the rim then he never hit the pain. But he's still fast. He get mismatches at the elbow and and score the ball right there. They trying to get just a little more athletic a little faster to keep up with this Boston team For sure. And this lineup ball seat went not this line with this team. Can you play Giannis have the five against Boston to go against Easy. And then you got what? You got Dre Jackson as your four, You got your three is Kuzma And Then it's your two that's a mystery spot 'cause you might play Torry Prince and you got Dame at the one.


Nah you got what's my boy with the Gary Trent Jr. Okay, Well they they high on to Prince. That's what I was trying to keep me in the line up but I'm saying Tor and Prince probably be the three then you got Cos and you got Giannis can play the five. Okay, Only say that because I know you super high on under Jackson. His abilities especially series Like that mean but like yeah but he like he foul a lot. He so he like he foul. He's so aggressive. I be like ah damn. Huh. He nigga with a fro definitely good for three person fouls. Well He is a hell girl. He yelled like he get texts he be like, I'm like damn they give him that. He got that edge. But it is like damn, what's the damn Hurley that ucon coach like you, he got you two turned like god damn you take just one chew appeal like just a level down bro.


He'd be, hell Need, they need another trade. What do you Mean? They tried to get, they tried to go to Brooklyn but they, Brooklyn said they didn't have enough draft capital to offer. I know they tried to get Cam, oh not Cam Thomas' Camp Johnson but know if they would've got my dog that didn't happen enough Draft capital back. That shit happen. Damn If That it got Cam that's tough. Yeah Whit Co. Thank God they didn't. Yeah They Would've been wrong. I don't have no time for shit. They raw to me now though. I like I think Andre Jackson could be a really good player if he could just learn to shoot a little bit. Yeah he would be like, Like I think Austin Riverside said he'd be like a hundred million dollar player if he could shoot a little bit. He's so athletic, so gifted defensively but he cannot hit the side of a Barn man.


Speaking of bro, if he could shoot corner threes like PJ that money will go up instantly Man. For sure man listen man Trey deadline is crazy. We still got a couple more hours. We will keep you in tune with whatever happens next as well. But let's go over some scores from yesterday man. SGA dropped a 50 ball yesterday against the sons. He had 58 and five. Brad Bill had 25 and six. Your boy man MVP talking that shit. He said I missed a couple easy ones should have been 70. Wow. I like when niggas starting like that. Yeah. 70 on the way it it was too much bro. They sad. They were the suns. Yeah they were going through, they were trying to see who we going get traded or who not. But if they stay put as is man is this like really one of the more disappointing Linkups It is.


They like the Lakers in when the Gary Payin on there. At Least they made to the chip though Was I'm just saying they they made It to the chip though. I don't know bro. Freak is worst. This is the worst I ever seen. Freaky Malone and them. I was, I was quiet They made it to The chip. They did go to the finals but that was a nasty ass roster. But like as a Nasty ass roster, Them not make like they might not make the playoffs And they paying so much money in Texas. They might not make the playoffs with that team with Bradley Bill, Devin Booker and Kevin Durant at one time we all thought they were perennial all stars and household names. Kevin Durant first ball hall of Famer. MVP? Yes sir. Devin Booker gonna be a hall of famer and they an 10th spot and could possibly with the Warriors making changes, the Spurs making changes and Trailblazers actually hooping right now.


They could fall all the way down If the Trailblazers make the play in and the Suns know that is disgust. The Trailblazers are hooping right now. They are hooping three. They three games back. Yeah and this situation they like five now they got more losses. I Mean yeah they played more games I guess but whatever it is they nine And one in they last 10 though. I'm just saying bro they been fucking killing. They It is quiet for the Trailblazers though. It Really ain't though. The Suns, you gotta think about it bro. You having A little giants moment bro. Bro. No, no bro. But time bro just take Just what it takes some time. It Just take a little switch bro and you can get hot. I know but they, they just don't have the team constructed to do anything. I ain't saying they was gonna win a playoff.


I said just make the play in. They possibly they Get to the 10th spot. That'd be a blessing. Yeah They'll be disappointed actually they don't want that. They're gonna say they going, if they start winning too much niggas gonna start sitting down. Robert Williams surprised he's still a roster. Yeah. Really, really surprised that he's still a roster. I don't know why Freak he might just going to this, this car ad down there. Yeah I thought, I thought, I Thought he would, I thought he would get traded. I ain't gonna lie. I thought he was gonna be a Laker. I did too But I was like he might be able to get them for the low, get him for the low. But Jeremy Grant to another one that apparently he ain't trying to be free. He he he Chilling. Nah, he like it over there. Get Paid, get the hoop when you want to. Yeah, I don't know if Portland to catch up in that situation but if you look at those other teams like the Spurs and we'll talk about that game shortly getting D Fox, the Warriors, getting Jimmy.


We'll see how that works but it's possibly they could knock them out that spot. 'cause the Kings like you said they upgraded yesterday as well so man time will tell in this situation for sure man. But SGA man 53 times the last seven games bro. Yeah this is MVP. Yeah It is. Undoubtedly we ain't got nothing to talk about. Yeah you have So bro this is MVP this year. They don't do no fuckery this year bro. Please For sure. That picked up Daniel Tyson yesterday as well. I know that was a money trade situation but getting another backup insurance big for that team man. They look like they ready for the playoffs. That Solid actually. Yeah. Daniel Tyson is a contributor for sure. Spurs debut D Fox man that took care of your hawks yesterday. 1 26 1 25 Dre Fox first game 24, 13 and five.


I know but Trey was killing Win be 24 and 12. Trey Young had 32 and 12 and Big old had 30 and 12. I told y'all we we good with big old How y'all feel about the the, you know what I'm saying? The first link up at D Fox and Wim. It look good bro. It look good. You gotta keep going Though. It gonna take some time. Okay. Yeah keep going. It look real good though. I like how Trey, Trey was killing yesterday Though. Trey on the mission. He was like oh y'all gonna play with my name. But I fucked with that though. They almost won that game bro. It was A good game yesterday for sure. Yeah they almost won that game but shout out to the Spur. That's a good start for sure. D Fox look comfortable though. Yeah he ain't look like I, I mean he good. I mean he good enough to be who he gonna be but he look comfortable.


I mean this is probably Dion Fox first time in his life that he played with somebody else that's better than him on the team. 'cause you look at everybody other's situation. He was the best player on the team. Now he playing with Weby now he gets some opportunities. You, you can't just leave Weby one-on one. I mean big old had his thing down yesterday Pause but that's gonna be dangerous bro. Dion Fox with space, it's gonna get ugly bro. It was. It is rare that you see Dion Fox for 13 assists. Come on bro. And I ain't saying it like he can't but that Ain't his job. That's a good sign. Hell yeah And I like how, you know what I'm saying? We easy to interview. He was just like, I was ecstatic when I got to say like oh I get to play with Safari Castle. Yeah He had a crazy dunk boom Esterday man we Definitely get to get well soon.


That game Was fired bro. Was good game bro. I tap in but not like y'all bro that that was a, I fucked with that game. Trey Young. He so he, he just, he's so good at basketball High Bro. He's, it is weird bro. He played like he played in high school like you said. Yeah he played like he playing college. The question that we had for each other was will he want to stay in Atlanta like seeing all these people get moved and seeing all these upgrades teams are making. I think that might affect Troy Young a little bit going forward. I I definitely agree because I mean no disrespect but you see lesser players and bigger markets get more love and it's just like you put Tre Young in some of these places where they on TV more or get more respect in that regard bro.


He would be a perennial all star man. But you Just see all these upgrades like all the Premier Point guards or playing with Yeah other premier players like the Wimpy Fox just got wimpy. Yeah And San Antonio. Antonio. And you look at Jalen Bronson, he got Kat or whoever it is and you look at, I don't even know name another guard they got somebody, Steph just got Jimmy Kyrie just got ad, Kyrie got ad all these other premier, premier point guards Right. Are getting these guys and I think the Hawks didn't make a big enough move, you know make him happy. Okay. Like I think Trey gonna be who he is. He gonna hoop, he got something to prove. He just tired of getting slighted all the time. But we coulda went after and got Brandon Ingram.


Yeah Just a bigger name. Somebody that he could lean on and it didn't need to be a guard. Like we got Deonte Murray and him and Trey play the same position. Crazy bad Trey. But we coulda went after somebody that Zach Levine something give my nigga something to be like all right I can work with Trey. Fuck it bro. Go to La Lakers bro. Those to the Lakers bro. Go rock out with. Dang that's dead Now. That's crazy Dead now before Luca got there and now LeBron Is 40 bro he on his way out man. But I don't Even know where Shake go. I don't even know where he could go now at this point everybody is kind of solidified Dame Giannis, If the Sixers one saw Raggedy he could go there. Tyree got nah, Tyree is got that on lock.


Tyree and nv every premier point guard Tyres can play the two though. Hell no I can't afford that back court. Every Premier Point and that little ass back court. No, every Premier Point guard got another running mate besides Reon. Damn even Lalo got two wings that he excited about. He got be Brandon, he got Dog Connect, I mean bro Yeah Brandon Miller. Yeah he got Brandon Miller in my house but But nobody else Tre don't have a running mate like damn D Hunt code Ain't no but it's nowhere for nobody. Like does K have a running mate? No They're gonna say I don't think K got a running mate either. But I mean he's still younger. They still Building Cunningham. Yeah. Oh yeah, they young.


I mean they Young, they a different situation for Sure. They was just happy to be here and Jalen dur and all these young, they got they, Trey Young is a veteran though, so I see what you Yeah He been around for a while. Yeah. And to see like a guy like D Fox who y'all at the same level almost to get his running mate, he like fuck man. Tre Young was supposed to be a Spur. I'm saying look how long he been on in Atlanta was about seven, seven years. Seven eight years. Yeah. Yeah it is like he ain't never really had A real run. There's no, there's no other real wing that he really can go play with right now though. But I, I feel, I agree. I don't think there's a team he could seem to go to. But at your point as well, at some point y'all should have tried to get somebody for Mete Murray was not the look I needed in this situation.


Like y'all just did some shit to say we did some shit. Yeah, for Sure. You can go play with Zion Williamson if you want to. I ain't mad You seen Trader to New Orleans. No Zion Just make a splash. Oh you niggas thought it was gonna be bad in Dallas. You probably put freaky Z in Atlanta. Yeah, Leave double M in New Orleans bro. I'm just saying. Hey I Ain't mad at that Though. Hey Re Young as high would be crazy.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime for a minute. I've got mine. Do you have yours? Not just about one thing. It's a whole collection of services that help you get the most out of whatever you're into. If you're passionate about a hobby, a sport or all sports in my case. So you just need to get things done fast. Prime Amazon, Prime's got your back. You can watch content, order supplies, listen on Amazon music. It's all included under One Prime membership. Of course we can all agree one of the best things about Prime is the fast free delivery. With Prime you can have what you need deliver the same day, but it's more than that. Prime is a collection of excellent services. I love it. Amazon music. Listen to the tunes that keep you in the zone or this podcast, whatever you're doing. Working out on the road Prime doesn't just help you get closer to the things you care about. It helps you discover new things too. Prime's always there to fuel your passion. Make it just a little bit easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


Now


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the Gambling community kind of make jokes about Fade This and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. Yeah, all you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points and you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to Fade This we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade This on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


This is your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


What's this right here? Oh yeah. Shout to the super chat Kumar. R 0 1 2 3 4 Nigga sound like a bot Clipper straight away. A feature a VP is rough. Is there a player that my hawks could trade for? What pieces will be loose Zion for losing more draft picks after Deonte Murray. I Just told y'all bro. Z Dub. Z dub Ryan Williams is probably the only person we could trade for to make a splash that him and Trey Young can link up. That's probably it. I don't don't no other available players that we could get For real. That has superstar potential. I agree. Everybody else Young and Zion, that's a game to go to. Oh god it is really Good man. Hey man, listen man, shout out to the Spurs man. They got they young duo going forward, especially se Castle.


They got a hell of a nice streak there that's gonna build for sure. Shout out to the cast man. Get a dub yesterday over the Pistons one 18 to one 15 DE G's Scarlet with the game winner from Half. That was crazy. He stepped on the logo. I fuck with that. That was crazy. Yeah He a killer. Yeah this is hard bro. He a killer. Especially stinking it up the other day. Bring it back. Hey excuse me. Hey, hey, hey. Get these Niggas outta here and the pose. That's what was fired. I was being lazy on defense though. Nobody's guarding anybody. Yeah, that's K fault. Nobody's guarding anybody not fault. Yeah I blaming K then Why you blaming K bro?


Us bro. You jogging bro? Nah, it's the twin like twin got hit with the Inn out. Nah, Twin. What Twin got crossed? He got hit with a move nigga. I didn't know he was in the inn out. Jaylen contested it from half court. I mean So I want to ask in the situation do you get close enough because sometimes you get close enough, you don't wanna draw foul in that situation but damn that was dimmer open. Oh it definitely was open 'cause Twin got crossed Baby contest from De Dur And who was the security guard right there do Yeah. Yeah he should have stepped up a little a little quicker bro. Yeah that y'all was gone for it. We seen that contest. Yeah, That's tough man. What a way to win the game for sure. Man. He was hooping yesterday man.


25 and five. Evan Moby looks like an all-star yesterday. 39 to seven. But K did all he could man 38, 9 to seven to win the game. We talking about running base he need one man. Pistons gotta get him a running mate next year man. I know they got some on town though. Jalen Ivy out but Nobody's going there bro. To the, I mean they got draft bro. We ain't say niggas is pulling up to Detroit but you gotta figure It out. I wouldn't be mad if bi pulled up to Detroit If fit beef fit the narrative, That would be a good look for that team for sure. Yeah they can get bi. I'd rather him in Detroit than Yeah Than Atlanta. Yeah for sure. Yeah. Now what he rather live in Atlanta or Detroit is a better Question. Oh he know he gonna be in a a For sure. I know he, he a humble nigga man. You might want to kick it in Detroit For sure.


For sure man. Shout to Evan Moy hooping out yesterday man. Wanna ask y'all some questions man. Coach your candidates. Kenny Atkinson, JB Chauncey in Ma, Jamaal, mosey, Taylor, Jenkins pick two of those players. I mean players. Excuse me, coaches In the MA. Okay I like that. Who you got see? Same, I mean I shit my fault be here. Those Two same for me. Okay. I ain't mad at it. I'm gonna show some left for JB bro. We talked about his, the bullshit rules he had going on but he's turned helped turn his piss organization around so far. Man Jamal Mosey too man. I know that it couldn't last forever but damn you got the most outta that team bro. Losing your best two players for a long time. But yeah. Yeah. Kenny Kinson putting together this type of resume this year bro is definitely respectable for sure.


Some more games took place yesterday. The jazz beat the Warriors, we know they was going through trade situations, steps will had 32. Brady had 29 but Jordan Clarkson who we thought should be gone as well had 31. Isaiah Ley had 20. All right man we entered the Jimmy era. Damn. I thought Jordan Clarkson was gonna be on the books. Yeah, I was gonna say they got peace on that team. I thought that would be gone too but I mean obviously they just shouldn't say committed to the no limit tank. So Walker Kessler as well. We thought he would be on another team asking price might be too high. Especially what everybody else is going for. Paul's like yeah the Jasmine tripping and Denny ain't Jasmine a part of this free agency one way or another facilitating all these other bullshit trades bro. Free some of these guys. Did my boy Hood Eno play?


No. Alright. Respect. He gotta get the soaking in before he gets a hoop. That's So you the rule in Utah, man they shake the Bed for him. That's crazy. Yeah, we gotta see the Utah training facilities. We gotta see what's going on in there man. Wicked for sure Jimmy with the Warriors man. What? What happens? What? What y'all feeling? I think this could be a positive situation. Y'all think it is gonna be and super, Super positive. Okay. Okay. You got, I think he can't, you can't go there and clown like you did in Mike. Ah he ain't, he ain't be clowning. He just want his money. He already got the money. But I mean the one leg shit in the game bro. Like He wanted his money. I no that's why he did it. But I'm saying I don't give a fuck what you do and how you feel.


It's not going down in Golden State. He ain't like that. So the only thing I'm gonna say about Jimmy, once he get paid, he locked. Okay. He gonna try to win one thing. He gonna play hard as hell. Yeah he gonna do everything he can to win. I ain't gonna ever lie about that but if he ain't got his money he don't give a fuck. And I look, I respect it bro. But I'm just saying over there bro. You ain't even getting the opportunity to do that. Nah, he got his money. He got that two year extension Jimmy. He gonna about to play some of the best basketball y'all ever seen in Jimmy. I think the Warriors gonna be in good hands with him bro. I'm doing that. So they straight. Yeah just gimme my money. I thought he's gonna throw a trace in the trade. He the definition of just gimme my money. Once he get his money he's straight. He gonna kill.


He ain't one of them dudes that get the money and chill though either. Nah, like he gonna try to live up to the money. Nah, I get it. But if you don't, y'all done seen it everywhere he Go, you know what time it is. You Don't pay him. Oh we gonna have a fucking problem. But he got that two year extension. So What's funny about it is the Miami Heat fans was talking shit about Jimmy leaving and a lot of people just like blah blah blah. Look at what he did in Miami Two funnel strips. Nah, they they owed him that money. Yeah, for sure. Jimmy Did a lot for that franchise. Pat Riley is fucking out of pocket. Yeah he got, once he got paid that first time, he did what he Was supposed to. He Got the final finals and shit. Nah, hell yeah. That covid shit. The moment Y'all Played with his, he never died in Covid. He had Covid in that series so shit he Was playing his ass off against the leg.


That's where the pop pop Mean came from. Yeah. On everything That nigga was hooping bro. Shout To whoever uncle that was though. That was A lady was woman. Oh Y'all, y'all know the world we in today. Whatever you assume to be respects. Hey You know what made me funny? They reposted that pic. They said as soon as they saw the Do Julio announcement, they was just like she was back outside. Target you niggas buying sections of Popeyes is out of pocket. There's no reason you get a three piece bottle service. That is something the most crazy shit. Oh man and Black History book Man. Man culture could never, I thought that was Coach don't do Aaron in nobody like that boy.


Hey Shout Neil. I thought Joe was pulling some shit together. Hey if the next Hendrick spirit is at Papas 86 and Michigan. Oh my god y'all niggas are stupid. Oh man. Shout out to the he and the Doug yesterday man. 1 0 8 to 1 0 1 Tyler Hero. Your favorite white boy had 37 to seventh band was hooping as well with 1813. Nice double dub. Tyre Maxey was hooping yesterday 31 to five and unfortunately PG had nine points in 32 minutes yesterday. He might well just like get healthy or something. Yeah, sit it out bro. It's cool Out bro. Yeah, yeah. Every other week y'all get a win and talk about how we gonna be dangerous.


No y'all not bro. Everybody just take your time and just get y'all shit together Bro's get healthy. PG Yeah Ty Maxey out here just playing for the vibes bro. Killing ain't got no help, That's cool. Just keep he what you shot 28 times. Hate. I really hate that for him bro. What Time Bri? 11 for 28? Yeah. Ah damn bro. Hey bro, Nobody else pull up to work today bro. 11 for 28 bro. Ah damn. I know Eric Gordon like man fuck I just left some shit now I gotta come over here to this shit. Well they looking at Eric right now like damn nigga we brought you in here not for the same bullshit. So they both mad and nobody get what they want right now in Philly. Go To the Pacers Eric. Man. No, just come Home. We don't got time for none of that shit.


You can start on the Pacers right? No you can't. Super. Chad said two. I know I'm jumping to gut here but if the Hornets are doing a hard rebuild I can see the melody leaving and going to a bigger market and contender Boy. He ain't be able to leave that I girl who gonna trade them. Alright. Who the fuck gonna tre that? Yeah listen now I know Wild but boy they Trey Lalo also. I'm let's, let's, let's enter train this. If he was to leave where could you see Lalo going? The Clippers. That's about it. Yep. Steve Bomber would definitely trade for Lalo Ball. Yep that's it bro. He Had to give up Kawhi. Oh sending Kauai to Charlotte is crazy. That's What he had to do. You know he ain't gonna report.


That's the fact we Talk about Jimmy. Hey don't play with Kawhi bro. Kawai believes in work life balance and he's nothing. No living on the East Coast. James Harden. He don't no James owe. They ain't going want him. They ain't gonna on Kawhi really either and he ain't going nowhere. I don't even know why we even entertained. Yeah, nah lame locked in bro. He Sure. Yeah. Some more games took place yesterday. The Bucks took care of the Hornets so we just talking about 1 12, 1 0 2. Dame had 29 to 12. BP had 2317 auditioned for another team of the Wizards beat the Nets yesterday. Surprise surprise. JP had 19 Surprise. They both terrible. Yeah But boy them them wizards boy they they ain't trying to win no games. But What the fact Cooper Man I don't want, don't think big bro be real.


I afraid they don't let him go to the wizard. I'm Gonna be real with y'all. Yeah Bro. He don't deserve, NBA Ain't gonna let that happen. Wizard Need to go to Vegas man. Yeah Honestly I ain't Gonna lie like DC But nah that team needs to play in July at the summer league. Hey you see they need to trade, they need to change they jerseys like the colors. You see the whole organization need the B bms which All up everything Go back to the bullets. Fuck it. Nah we can't do that. Can't do that. Nah. Time sensitive. Yeah you see how they do with my man Chris Millen. They was like yeah he would be a great mentor for the our young Players. Yeah he was like Dang That's so fucked up bro. Sit there and make that 31 bro.


Say what year? What year is it for Chris? Chris Young too. Really? Chris like 31 33. Oh he that I know he is that old. We always have a Chris Mills age conversational here. It is always a surprise every time. It's hilarious. Oldest is Chris Milton Buddy O oh 34. Oh yeah. So stay There. What we got two more deal. Alright Young. So he gotta finish out this deal and then next year I think he'll have one a year left so maybe they move him but say he's gonna be a consummate professionals to teach our young players how to be professionals. Oh man I go in there. Look Chris you already won the chip. You solidify, you probably gonna make it to the Hall of Fame. Ah chill. What He was like a four time Allstar, three time Allstar, something like that.


Something like That. Man I chill play. Tell these guys I love it Here get another deal. Two year 20 on the way out like Mike Conley. Yeah, Yeah. I'm gonna help these young guys. Matter of fact I don't wanna start, I'm just gonna help him off the bench. Talk to him. You already want a chip. You ain't got fuck it. It's over with For Sure. Chill. I wonder how he feels if he's still like, you know some people don't wanna stop playing. I wonder how he feels about that. Well he got three all stars. Yeah. Solidified. Yeah I ain't, Chris was hella chill man. He like hooping but he wasn't, He ain't on that. Nah, I mean he like a competitor and shit but he wouldn't, he ain't no tripping motherfucker. I can see that.


Yeah. Get that bread bro. Get that bread. Go ahead be a mentor man. It's a summer camp down there. Yeah he got A big ass house in South Carolina on the water. I think it was Hilton Hill, hidden Hill. What is it called? Hilton Head? Yeah, Hilton Head South Carolina. Oh yeah he's got A big ass house on that water boy. Is that where he from? Yeah, he country and Motherfucker. Oh okay, okay. Him and Aaron Nesmith from the same spot. Ah, Shout out to Chris Wilson. Man, get that free bread. My boy Grizzly took care of the rappers yesterday. Built a ad situation 1 38 to 1 0 7 Triple J bill hooping man 32 and five and John Marin had 26 and four looking good still man The Grizzlies, they just, they they talked about possibly moving Marcus smart in that situation though.


That was one of the, they tried to get Ingram as well in that situation. Did work out obviously. But I think they are in the market as well. They Can get smarty out there and be good. I mean I like Smarty I think he bring a a toughness to you for the playoffs but shit. Who bi out on Memphis. I'm fucking with it. Yeah that would've been nice. Yeah They need that score. Ooh That would've been nice for sure. Nah they Hardt Woods beat the sleeves off the Bulls yesterday. 1 27 and 1 0 8 and almost had a 50 ball yesterday. 49 and nine. He was hooping ire 22 and 10. Alright man your T wolves man they be looking better. T Wol Really better than JR Randall man. Yeah I love how JI told you how JR got that, that random illness when it's time to get traded. I fuck with that.


Nah I ain't right Nowt You always say pull your hamstrings, That's all you gotta do. They can't never question that But that 49 by AM's one of his better games man that mixtape is crazy. Yeah We we do that though. Okay other nothing We he the real gangster grills bro. The NBA You see his interview he was talking about the Lakers in Dallas. He was like shit if we ain't got a game I'm pulling up. He said I need to see that. He said they playing Dallas, I need tickets for that for sure. They asked Him to be in the three point contest too. You like nah I can't. If I can't dribble I'm cool. I ain't thinking what Dribbling the three point contest is crazy Nigga funny as hell bro. You Know how cold you gotta be to be off the dribble in the three point contest.


You said that's not how he get his shit off though. Your time Gonna run up. He ain't gonna get through two racks. So in the super chat XO Leon Loverboy says Jimmy carried a team for the finals with BAM at 16 Center. Do you think the Warriors need a center or could Jimmy and Steph pull it together? I think that they have to get something else going on. But How with you Mike That's what the fuck. Yeah Excellent. XO Leon Loverboy. Yeah that's a hell of a name Boy. Who? Boy I don't know that name. Little wild boy. He a fan. He a fan. He a fan. Do we think the Warriors need a center? They could use one I think I love Trace. You know he's a kid from Indy so I like him but Vic, all those dudes are available.


I think they could use a live threat. Vic is a stretch four, not a defender but they could use a Rob Williams a live threat or but having Draymond Green basically kind of like a five. Yeah he's a four. That plays a five op should be a great mix for them 'cause he can stretch the floor or shoot a finesse. Big and Draymond do all the dirty work so if they can give Voch it'd be, it'd be cool For sure. I like that. Move it all. But would you think they'd have to give up to give him, They probably had to give up them young guys. Damn Trace. He'd definitely be off that market. One of those young guys, BP Minga moody them, some of them gotta go so they in Wim now mode anyway getting Jimmy Butler, he older, Steph older, Draymond older, they might as well make the move and move some of these young guys 'cause basically y'all went for it.


Yeah definitely going for Y'all didn't give up much to get Jimmy. Y'all gave up older Wiggins, you know what I mean? They gave us somebody that was looking forward to move on from anyway. Yeah I understand it was older y'all didn't lose y'all young guys but if y'all ain't win now mode might as well give it up. I mean shit you can get rid of Gary Peyton, Kevin Loney. Yeah some of these older guys too. Maybe they can move on too. I thought they were going to try to get Unas but obviously they did not. He went to the Kings but might have been a better fit but yeah I definitely think they could benefit from having a big but yeah they still got Draymond as a five so I Think Boots bitch fist them good 'cause Draymond basically played a five and kin beer stretch five for them. Look For sure, for sure. Good question For sure. The Nuggets beat the sleeves off.


The Pelicans yesterday won 44 to one 19 and PJ been balling these last couple games man. He had 39, 12 and four and Yoic had 38, 10 to eight and pretty much by themselves they beat the Pelicans. But NPJ been hoop in the last couple games. Met Denver 40. Aw Good game. Good Game. Get into it man. He said I'm Mike Malone came out and said yeah we not really about these trade rumor situations 'cause he been playing for us. He's been a piece for our championship. We ain't moving on from him. So that's good to have that vote of confidence as well. Chad DeTrey Murphy too. Trey Murphy had 25 and nine yesterday. Freaky Z had 28. Trey Murphy been hooping man. Rey Murphy slipped by his himself as a a go-to player. Yeah He said yeah I can T trade everybody here from New Orleans. Let me get the peel. Yeah he's a go-to guy For sure Match Beat the Kings yesterday one 30 to one 11.


I knew it. Ron Had 31 and five and Carol had 23 9. Yeah it ain't gonna work. Symone had 21 and 13 and Lino only had 13 yesterday in the debut. It ain't gonna work. What ain't Gonna work The Kings You ain't rolling. I washed it, turned it off. It ain't gonna work. They have one game you never play. It ain't gonna work. They Played a good team bro. Yeah it ain't gonna work. Give it Tom bro. They don't got everybody else got the big wings and like the magic. I told you it was a wing league Magic guy. Franz and Pablo and these Jalen Suggs is a six five guard. You know all these bigger wings. Then you got Levine who won't play no defense. He's six five. You got a Monk six four.


He ain't never been known for no defense. Hell no. Deebo six four Malik Mon down there Jr. R Smith. Deebo ain't really been known for no defense. Yeah. Then you got Keegan Murray they wing. Yeah Keegan Murray for sure. Yeah Ball respectfully adding up they wings ain't the same wings they Deebo and Zach Levine are stars. Yeah but it is a different kind of star, you know what I mean? It's like yeah we cold but we ain't never really won cold. Mm. I'm looking at the, the shot of tips from yesterday from these Art de Rose got 11, king, mark got six. That's tough. That's horrible. Simon's got 10 and he hit eight of them. Zach Levine was four for 13.


First game. I ain't gonna do too much. Yeah that's one game y'all damn. Y'all are some tough critics around this motherfucker. I I wanna see what happens. I told you that's my 2K team. Listen it I bucket what the spurs look like after the first game. Oh you go and I can see it like oh that's gonna be all right when they figure it out. I watched him, I'm like yeah sold. Nah I'm ain't sold because the Game Z didn't play and it is just Deebo and Monk 33 28. Yeah you see it And then they trying to not step on each other toe, they just trying to be solid, play the right way. Like nah bro and Monk ain't the player to be trying to set niggas up man. Nah, Nah hell Nah.


Nah let me cook bro. Yeah He passed when he got to. Yeah He me A hundred percent. Okay. We got from the chat Jordan Seman said are the Celtic missing anything to get the repeat? No they just need to stay healthy. They Just be healthy bro. Yeah They gonna rest well up Allstar break and come back and beat the shit off the league like we intend to see. Yeah just get healthy. I rock with you Jordan though. But yeah, shout to Jordan you just need to stay healthy. You must be a super Celtic fan. Me too. Shout out. You got my 55 jersey. I talked to the magic too. We working on that man. Fuck the magic they bring you a jersey. I'm getting it to you. 55 jersey bro Wasn't wear at 55. I asked For zero. Nah that's not available bro. 55 Locked bro. I was asking for zero. Nobody has zero.


Damn. Nah we had to get the 55 bro. We locked in. We gonna get you get taken care of brother. That's A nasty jersey bro. For For sure man. Some games tonight man. How y'all feel Mavs at Celtics? Ah don't matter. Celtics No ad tonight. Celtics okay. Ad not playing tonight. I don't believe he is. He got a ab, he like a hurt a or something hot. Damn bro. He just got traded bro. My man he just moved to New City. Let him get acclimated bro. That's man yo Abs hurt bro. Hey I ain't got nothing damn Got hurt in la? Yeah and Brody got him dunked on. Remember? Yeah That's the play that got him hurt. Brody set the sabotage. Mm. I ain't see the, I ain't see the play.


It's a family business for sure. Rockets at t. Wolves gonna be hell of a game here. I'm gonna take, I'll Go with the Rockets Tonight. I'm gonna take the T Wolves. The Rockets been playing like shit. Yeah I'm gonna take the T Wolves. That's why I'm gonna take you on tonight. I'm gonna go rockets man. Magic at Nuggets. Yeah, Lakers no magic bro. Okay. Warriors at Lakers. Lakers. Okay. Alright. We born on that one. Kings at Blazers. Blazers Kings. I'm going blazers. Zach. Levi going kill tonight Now let me down. T was hating Pacers at Clippers. Clippers. I'm going with the Pacers. No Brandon Turn me Up. I'm going with the Pacers.


Tyres Tyrese gonna have a good game tonight though. Tyrese will score more than zero points tonight. All He is on my ticket tonight So it's been confirmed. Oh he was on your ticket last time it scored a goose egg right? Yeah. Okay, I see why that was beef. I forgot about that. Yeah, verify Buckys be who was getting two yesterday. I gotta go to my dog aunt. Okay. You know what I mean. Light day we do that. That ain't normal. We we done did that many at times but 49 piece. Yeah nine rebounds too. I fuck with that For sure. Come on man. I'm gonna go to NPJ man 39, 12 and four. Yes the four with four assists. I don't know why we missing the elephant in the room. SGA had 50. Oh yeah I was saving that. Yeah I'm gonna go with SGA 50 and eight too. Yeah, I mean it's light shit.


MVP should have been MVP last year. Best player in the league right now. Come On man. I'm gonna show some love to cage as well. My dog 38 9 to seven. Wasn't your fault nigga played on divas in the game bro. You supposed to have that sold up. Alright man. The last give up soon of the week be here. Who needs some encouragement going into the weekend Walker Kessler. Man, shout to Spence. That shit was kind of tough though. Hey that boy was a lacrosse player. Yeah That's right. Shows him because he don't even look like he supposed to be out there. He looked like a Backstreet boy. So Shout out to why to white crime, You know what I Mean? And he looked at him. Yeah. So that boy played lacrosse.


Spence Yelled at him too. Good Shit. Na for sure. Damn man Might get Wilson going to the Hawks man. It ain't even about none of them is all down there but just for the whole team man. Damn About Stefon Castle so disrespectful bro. Man he punched this motherfucker. This is crazy bro. Matthews the fuck Out two. My lord bro. Great defense by the way. Oh watch y'alls Matthews. I ain't seen a nigga dunked off off two in a long time bro. That's vicious bro. Bro. He athletic as hell. I told y'all when we got drafted it was my favorite pick right here.


And he gonna get to run away with D Foxborough. It is about to get Spooky. Tell who you got. Jalen Dur got his ass punched on Bad by Max STRs. Why White man can jump Lord? Hey He scared himself. He threw it in. Yeah, He didn't even mean to do that. Like a Blake Griffin throwing out. I think he got three dunks on a year. That nigga look like minivan George? Yeah, he Look like he looked like his teammate. Oh my God. Nah, George D ain't doing that. Oh no, I'm talking about, I'm talking about face. That shit crazy. Yeah, Jalen dur get well soon.


My boy got yam on for sure. Alright. B here man. He wasn't even close to dunking it though. He wasn't. Man, that's why I fuck with it. Look at how far away his hand is. The fact that he ain't even known that. And the confidence from just seeing him to take off like that as far. Look how far he is. Shout Tobias here is playing Great defense in this situation. Probably could have stopped that. No, see that's nah, he didn't have nothing to do with that. That Tobias fuck. Nah. Tobias guy closed out to the corner. Yeah He closed out to the to the poster bro. That's what happened bro. He said my man's up. Nah, Tobias did. Right. I'm sleeping on Mike Stru counters in the lane. He's not Kyrie Irving for sure man. Be here. People trying with some money man. Super Bowl Sunday.


They trying to go crazy. What you got for him? Jalen Brown. 20. Okay. Kyrie 20. Jalen Green. 20 yo is 20. Steph gonna kill him now. I gave him 25 Tyrese. Halliburton horrible, horrible week. I'm giving my boy 20 $50. When you 800 today man I kept it like kept it safe. Okay. 50 when you 800? Yeah. 800. Yeah. Okay. Ain't mad at that ain't I ain't paying no bills. Oh Not in Teague house, but you know In our household. Yeah, It's gone. Let's go pay Not at the, did he mention it ain't gone? It's where he care or nothing. Yeah, that nigga water bill over there. A thousand dollars.


It used to be. Listen man, we will keep you up to date. Anything happens in the Detroit world. Deadline ends today at three o'clock. So we locked in for sure. We appreciate y'all. Be safe. We'll catch y'all same time Monday morning. It's five 20 In The Morning. The Volume.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby sport or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon? Music. Music to podcast fast shipping. What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime Fuels. Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company


When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock Elite gaming tech at Lenovo dot com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gin Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to Lenovo dot com. Lenovo Lenovo.