
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's El Lisa just for you.


Where'd you get those shoots? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Thursday, it's five 20 in the Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Hedrick. To my right, my brother t fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening Brother? What up though man? It's a wonderful Thursday man. We done about to end our week, man. Hopeful. Y'all going strong out there. I know y'all got one more day. Some of y'all Hold it down man. Listen, lot of news. A lot of things taking off in the basketball world. Let's get straight to it man. Get well soon for Jalen Johnson man out with the tour labor. Man, that sucks man. That that really sucks. He's having a hell of a year. Hell yeah. Potential Allstar candidate before the injury.


So hate that happened to him. Hopefully can bounce back everything healed up right? Come back better next year. Most definitely. You hate to see it. Like you say, he was one of the young stars in this league. Yeah. Had a really, really good year career year, honestly. You know, and like you said, sometimes people say hey, you know, they got a deal on him but this is why you signed him. Contract situations just like this. Definitely that would've been off if he was going into a contract year and had this type of an injury. Yeah. Now he can take his time a little bit making sure everything is right and breeder bounce back next year. You don't got no pressures on him. Most definitely. I wanna say for your hawks that change anything for this season, I know you talked about. Yeah. Yeah. It is damn near a wash now. Okay. Time to, I mean we still got some capable players. I know my guy could probably deh could step in a star lineup easily and make things work.


But I mean, let's get a draft pick at this point. I feel you. Now I, I wanna ask how do you feel about the Troy Young situation going forward? This, this, this season pretty much kind of being a was he's having a great year. Do you think he's a part of the future or is it time to make that move? Nah, we like our group now to me. Okay. We like our group. We see the potential when jaylen's there. I mean we were, we were writing a hunt for the five six succeed before he got hurt. Most definitely. So we in a hunt, you know, we get a couple more pieces, we be all right, we get out of there. We on Clint Capella try to get a trade piece, something that can help our team a little bit. Another I guess low post threat you would say. And then we see what our young, our, our number one pick do see if he takes that leap his second year in the league.


So I think we got a cool core. Most definitely. I can see that for sure. Like you said, this is a good draft to get. Have a good pick in too. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody who could definitely come in and help this team. But y'all got some solid stuff to work with for sure. Yeah. Where we at right now? Nah, nah. Yeah. I mean we ain't all the way out to hunt. I mean, but y'all in the six hand losing streak too, like Yeah and we right there. I mean yeah. Ain't been out so Yeah. I don't know if you, Damn, So we in that weird position Paul, it's like do you go and try to make the playoff run because you right there you in the hunt or do you just like fuck it and let's get a nice pick. But I don't think you going, unless you really take, you ain't, I mean I ain't gonna say this draft is deep, but I don't know if you gonna to get a top six pick. Well to be honest, the fuck up part about it is in the east it don't matter what they do.


They still gonna be better than all teams below them. So they gonna definitely have to be in the play. Yeah, I mean I think, I think we got enough capable players to make a run at the playoffs but I mean played in the first round. I mean do we get a draft pick or we play in the first round? Yeah. You know what I mean? I'll take a pick. Yeah. You know what I mean? But we don't know, like you said, if it ain't a top 10, pick it, get it, get kind of spooky. Most definitely. No, this, this draft is definitely gonna be one that the young boys talk about. Bro. It's a lot of killers in this draft. Yeah, I'll take a Trey Johnson though. I bet you would. But I don't know a whole lot of people would. But a Trey Johnson on y'all team would be perfect man. I'll take, I'll take a Trey Johnson but I don't know.


Yeah, see that's who I don't want ain't fuck around and get, don't you worry if the Patriot is on the board before then for em though? Can they see this? Okay. That's who I don't want. Yeah, we ain't even gonna tell you who it is. But yeah, the other dude from Duke, the other white guy I'll take Cooper, I, I don't want him either. Who Lamb from Yukon. Oh you ain't going? No we didn't pick people like him. Like we picked what's the guy that retired 'cause he wanna be in church. Mm Griffin Griffin? Yeah. They all remind me of Griffin. Oh. Find the Lord don't wanna hoop. Nah, I ain't gonna say they don't want hoop to follow the Lord but I'm just saying they, the way they play it just, nah, That boy face strong boy Timer short Boy they face strong.


That's the Georgetown for sure. All they centers look 35 at 18 For sure. That what y'all need A big, they got one big old he he got big old. We might need another one. Yeah. Like yeah y'all gotta move off from C click Capella man. Enough is enough. We need a young athletic big yo. We need like Khalil wear like one of them like Oh that'd Be good. Most. Yeah, I mean he, he got him though. Just say yeah they ain't going nowhere. Yeah but I wish we had a player like nah similar. Yeah most definitely. But yeah man rest up Dylan Johnson and hell a season man. You'll be back strong next year for show. How do you feel about Darren Fox denying that? He denied that he didn't make that request man. About the trade Shut up. Yeah, I didn't understand it anyway though. Yeah when we talked about it I was like this is his team.


They hooping though. It Was still bro it Was a weird to that that came out 'cause they're like they're playing well. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like I'm like unless you wanna go play with win BI ain't mad at you for that. If you see some future shit. I I, I ain't mad at that. I say what they on and I can go play with one of the best players that ever play basketball. Yeah. Lock In. Yeah but I I sense still though bro. Yeah That show really man. And y'all actually better than the aspires right now. I know Doug. Christian's probably like who And you got if you about to get a five year max extension, I don't know more people be won. I I Know.


What's that about 300 Shit. He probably gonna see close to that. Yeah because I'm like an Allstar team and an all NBA team at some point so it'll be at least 300 with incentives. Ooh. Sit down. What we doing? Oh man what we doing? I love Sacramento man but 60 million here I am Sacramento. Sacramento. I get it. TAed on me. You Get the King logo. Oh my foot. I get a big ass crown on my back man. 3 45. 3 45. That's the max extension. Yeah nigga what? That's why I said I knew it was like 300 something. Yeah three Broke. Yes the King logo.


I get the whole logo on my back. Yeah I am the king. Yeah. What The Crown is really mine? Yeah. Crown mine Man. Draft King will literally be Hundred 45 million. Boy you clouded boy and You crazy. Oh Lord. I'd be a shit ball type of person with that type. Hey you get that Super Max boy? Yeah I'm retired after that contract too. It's game off the court. Nah, it's time to go play with Wendy. There you go. Team The head. I know what you want. You gonna like it. I hate it here. Here too. Yeah, here too. Yeah it's not working out for me.


Yeah I'm locking that in first though. I'm see we said that but then when Jimmy tried it did we get mad at him? See The media's too powerful man. Y'all gotta chill on Dier Fox. This is the second time y'all said he did something. He didn't What that with that report pretty Strong. Nah y'all getting that from Tel. I told y'all, y'all fucking said bro this is the second time he'd been like I didn't do that bro. It's not me. I hope that he is and he's lying 'cause that's fire. If he is because Finesse. Nah he ain't too Crown is yours. Don't Fuck up that type of money. He too cool to be chilling. He be chilling bro. Yeah for yo And last but not least before we get to the games, Kayla Clark turns down her invitation to play All Star weekend at the contest in San Francisco.


Which we've seen that coming 'cause she's gonna do it for the W here. The W All-Star game is gonna be crazy here. She Getting too much money bro. Yeah that's All. She just don't wanna waste her time like yeah get she trying to big up the W as she should. She don't care about no Way. She could've did that with the NBA 'cause that would've been huge for her. Sabrina, however you say her last name. That would've been dope for them to team up against Stephan Clay. Yeah I think that would've been good for basketball but I, I know the play she like oh y'all ain't gonna get to see me at the WI Fuck with it. Yeah, she don't care about beating no boys in the contest. Yeah, fuck It. And what's crazy is they got, yeah they got a new deal coming up next year. It's Collective Bar.


Yeah it's gonna be a hell of year for a WI don't know if they gonna make more money though. This is just, I mean you gotta make money. It's a TV rights deal coming through. They gonna make more money. Oh they gonna get some TV rights? Yeah they get some money. I don't wonder how much money they're gonna get from the tv. That's will be determined. But you think It's better than what they doing now? You Think people be watching the W? Hell yeah Bro. I mean the viewership was probably up. I know people were going to the games here and wherever Kailin Clark went but I wonder if the TV ratings was up. Yes. Oh okay. That's good then. Yeah they gonna get some money there. It's worth it. It's time. Yeah. Yeah. I just really think women's basketball back when we was coming up was better than now. That ain't 2.2 billion.


Okay ladies. Yeah they about to get paid. We about to see some million dollar players. Get some more teams please. We about to see stop cutting first round picks. They got Vegas coming. Don't, I mean not Vegas. Toronto. Toronto. That mean Aja Wilson about to get probably two but 1.52 million a year. She's going to be, she's gonna whatever the max of max deals is, she will have it. That's tight. That's tight and shit. That's hard. Most definitely Now, now, now the Crown is ours fellas they can start flying us out. Be careful. Oh shit. Fly you out. Why be out and let's move on. Put that boy on the jet Now.


Hold On the real jet. Hold on. Nah, I am the jet. Oh man. Oh Big Rick what? Six point. Hey Rick nigga. Switch that weak ass name man. That's a sick J. Yeah that's A Wrestl name though. Big Rick. 69. Yeah that's a, I was about say your name but Jeff was your top three W2 star all time NW. Who was the right robot this weekend? Oh my top three of all time. Randy Orton, Steve Austin and the Rock. And who going win it this weekend? Hmm? See him punk. I'm going to see him punk all here we go.


Alright man let's get to the ball from yesterday. Warriors came back to win yesterday 1 16 1 0 9. Hey man SGA had 52 in the loss yesterday. It had Do we care about that loss because he had 52. It Don't, we did that in high school. It's okay. Okay. Ain't ain't nothing to worry about. We play the Warriors good win. We'll beat they ass in a series so we ain't fucked up about it. Hey man, hell of a win for the Warriors though man. I guess we, we can't slight them. Steph did well. 21 and we had 27. Come on man. That's a tough team. Best team in the NBA. They came back and got a dub. That's a good win for the Warriors. Man. They, they needed that 50 two's crazy just to see Steph only having 21 is crazy to me man.


Yeah Wiggins having more than is Steph is crazy. Hmm. He needs help man. The NBA is starting to turn damn Shout to SGA man. Fuck all that sad shit. 52 we won Bro. I think I'm just saying like I thought there'd never be a time on the court where we would say SGA was the best player on the court with Steph Curry being on the court. You know what I mean? You right bro. But I that father time bro. I mean yeah I mean I know everybody get old just saying like it's still like damn, you know what make it worse too when you look back at the Olympic stuff you'd be like dang like we thought Steph was just going through what I'm saying little rough summer like damn that's kind of like the writing on the wall.


Like the shit was changing even though he went crazy in that championship game. Historic. But yeah it is crazy to see stuff like this. I mean it ain't even like that. I mean just he still getting 21. Oh I mean he's still the guy, he's still a all star but just like damn D way that the SGA was doing with yesterday was crazy though. Yeah he was. What's Steph Curry average this year? Two. Two. Hmm. I think All right. Respect. I mean still shit is still career year for me but I was gonna say 22 is a lot for some people. Yeah. Like yeah Nah you Call maybe All Stars just a little bit. Not on the highest but it is still Steph and it's San Francisco you know Tommy. It is for sure. So You gotta make the Allstar till you get out the league though.


Yeah Steph making it every year because we wanna see Him. Yeah, Steph get a Jerseys year every time. Yeah he On the Allstar team every year from now on. Yeah, It don't Matter. Yeah that's just how it goes for sure. Damn 52. How quick do they retire Steph jersey? When he retire? Like the next week? Yeah, let him take it up there when he get done in his last game. Just go ahead. Yeah. I hate when they take a little long time to like retire people with jerseys like Rev Yt play his jersey up right now. Yeah, he the best player ever in that franchise. So it's like yeah I care nothing about them rules race the jersey up Bro. Yeah it's like bro. Yeah I don't even know the criteria of getting your jersey raised now. No, I seen ING dollar getting his jersey retired with the Warrior. I didn't. I was like okay.


Damn he was better with the Sixers. You ain't gotta final MVP with the sixes. Oh you got finals MVP I'll give you that. You need your jersey retire finals VP. Yeah you got finals V So do they retire Kowa in New Jersey? They have to Bro in San Antonio And Toronto. They Better. They are not retiring. You the best Toronto Raptor ever bro. I better, Hey. Hey Quo definitely needs his jersey race. I put a chip in here. Nobody else got a chip here. I don't said the finals MVP nigga Play for one year. They not retiring Jersey bro. I got phones MVP bro. I got y'all shit bro. Don My yes bro. Don't do that bro. Hell yeah. I need more Jersey retire. Nobody else in here got a banner bro. You gonna crown Andre Idaa but you're not gonna crown Kaw Leonard. I didn't crown him.


I thought that was kind of crazy that he was getting his jersey retired by the Warrior. I know, but when DJ said finals MVP like yeah you deserve it. Like and Ka don't bro it it Toronto. I mean he played for the Warriors six years. Yeah, he was a part of the dynasty but Kaw wanted it done. That's what make it fire. Yeah. Nah, I mean I And San Antonio, I, I don't know. I don't know how they feel about him San Antonio. I don't know but nah, I'm rolling. That's what's up. Wait, how many he got? He got one in San Antonio. Right. Okay. I tell my ex-girlfriend in the heartbeat hang my jerseys in here. It does not matter. I wanna ask y'all this question how y'all feel about Paul George, him being upset about I get a trip video from the Pex.


The action is always hitting up on the field at the draft King sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draft King Sports book, the official sports betting partner of the NFL all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sports Book. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code CLUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits. If you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm Peter Schrager. Host a good morning football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions. Apply and see the app for details


When it comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th Gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced Overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Leno Bro.


Get outta your feelings bro. You know the Pacers hate him. Yeah, Like Y the fans hate you. They gonna boo the whole time. Right. Don't feel a way p don't feel away bro. Bro. They gonna hate you. Hey man, you do not want that tribute video bro. They are going to boo the shit outta you. Let me help make so Sell that nigga to you. It ain't worth it. Nah Bro. They gonna boo the shit outta you bro. We gonna play the low lights. That's what I'm saying. See what I mean. You got pacing fans. You deserve a tribute video. No, you don't want that shit bro. No He does bro. He does. Hey he did a lot for the organization. Yeah, He went to two Eastern car models. Don't Make sure, don't worry about that one P but yeah That's, I ain't gonna lie. My trip video from the Hawks was fund though.


What'd they do? They gave me a trippy video when I played for the Pacers. Your Nah, I came for back for the Pacers. I didn't start crying. Look at this nigga up there acting up bitch. Damn that's hard. Damn. Yeah, I mean you play There a long time though. I was Atlanta. All right, come on dj. Go to the game bro. When I walk around the city I Look, you know what's so funny about this nigga though? That's funny. I remember we used to go down there a lot and drive. I remember we drove on the highway one time and seen this nigga on the billboard. I said ah this nigga done made it This nigga. This nigga on the billboard. That was crazy. That is far drop pass. That was all like right before he got the Allstar nine too.


I Love Atlanta man. 'cause every time I go there people always come up to me and be like, there go my point guard. That's my point guard right There. They fuck with you heavy man. I'd Be like damn, I love this city bro. Shout to Atlanta man. Much love for sure. Yeah. Welcome to the Pistons. Came to the city and got smacked up yesterday. 1 33 to one 19. Shout to Tyrese Bert for setting the tone and saying y'all not really our ops because we ain't played, y'all didn't play off serious. So y'all just little bro right now. We appreciate the good energy. They said little bro. Yeah, I said that they little bro right now. Oh they ain't really good team though. Okay. Cutting him. You know he nice. Yeah see I can kill. I don't think Bruce Brown ever had 37 On my soul. 37 slight. That's pretty Outta pocket for shaking his ass though.


It's good for number one option though. 37. 37 he killed so we can move on to, I mean damn nigga, everybody have a good game. Shout to him. How much you average? Probably 20. Oh okay. Hey you, I told you 20 a night baby, so we asked for it. You probably average it. Doug Tyrese hoop out yesterday. He had 38 and seven. Listen man, I don't know what's going on with the organization right now. We're continuing games. It's like we gonna tre Benedict Mathers. What it looks like, I don't understand why you Fuck with a celebration when you hit The third? Oh Tyrese. Yeah. Nah, you know what he does in his Emos? His Emos ain't got nothing to do with that. But keep hooping bro. If that's what you gotta do to get 30, go crazy bro. Bro, Benedict ain't getting no tick illness yesterday.


He didn't play. Neither did Nihar. Nihar was actually injured. But yeah, I don't know what we doing with him because every time I look up it's like we're going to trade him. And then why? Why you think that I, I know that they're mo looking to move him but I don't know why 'cause it doesn't make sense. Like we have enough, you know how to pay him. You gonna have to pay him. But it is the same situation to have with Miles. Like they don't want to pay miles. But it's like okay what are you gonna do for a senator death? We don't have no senator death. They like, they don't have no, they like Thomas Bryant. They like we can save money with Thomas Bryant in respect to Thomas Bryant playing great basketball. But if he gonna starting five next year then we are. Shit. They might like James Wiseman, they might have seen something like damn but I think we can work with that kid.


Yeah, I'm just saying nah, shout to James Wiseman bro. I'm just saying. I'm just saying bro. If they want Trey Miles, shit I don't get it. I don't understand. Hey Mike sing something. Yeah. Did y'all see Isaiah Stewart and then James Johnson get into it? Yeah, Isaiah Stewart. Oh he got into it with James Bro. James got a full grill Diamonds in his mouth. My God. Come on. Stepping on shit. You know The vibes. Tell get your bitch ass outta here. Yeah, he pushed the hell out of Thomas Bryant. Oh when he was walking to the tunnel? Yeah. Yeah. Isaiah Stewart crashed out yesterday for sure. Nah, I seen him push buddy. I ain't know James. Yeah he he was on some other shit and it's really funny because they was just like Isaiah Stewart, we know you can fight but like can you do something on the court for it like once please we ain't got no highlights of you playing basketball.


I Don't know if he wanted to smoke with JJ though. No we leave that alone bro. It's a kickboxer. I don't know why people keep acting like I'm telling lies. Yeah. Nah that ain't the one I would feel confident in Isaiah Stewart in most matchups but that's not the one because Isaiah Stewart's strong but James Strong as hell too and he know how to really fight. Yeah. Like he'll fuck right here with one move and he'll die. Yeah. That's some different fighting blood sport. He did shoot the pistol at the bench though. That was funny. Who did other than Stewart? Yeah. Yeah That nigga got the grills there.


Damn, that's tough. That's a good screen though. Nah, this ain't alright. We'll run it later for sure but yeah. Yeah well similar to the Pistons, y'all having a hell of a year. Just not good enough right now. Shout out to us ten two in January. Best in the NBA. I don't know what we're gonna do with the fucking free extra situation trades. Why do we have a long segment about the Pacers? What are we doing? I Hey, hey first of all act like y'all know where live. I told y'all should stop that shit. Oh No. That's what we're gonna talk about though. We talked, we drag them. I forgot I played for them. Let's go Pacers. You say this every segment I do every time.


I know and they were so nice. I love the Pacers like the family over there. Nah, everybody that run it, they got some nice people. Nah I can stay the Atlanta Nicks beat the Nuggets. 1 22 to one 12. Brussel had 30 and 50. Had the Pacers ever invited us somewhere? Hell No. Actually We never win In an indie car. We ain't never went nowhere At the Pacers or the Fever. Well Yeah, back to the next, next game. I'm just saying we are the city. Why can't we commentate the game Fact the next game we do for Playbacks with the Pacers show. Most definitely. Yeah. I can't wait Would be the least watched view game we ever heard.


Hey, We fuck up everything Your time. We fuck up Any, any opportunity. I I, I love the Pacers. Oh Okay. Come on. We like the family. Every time I See them, Every time I see 'em they gimme love. I just talk shit 'cause of dj. I'm actually a pacer to the court. Shout to the Pacers man. Y'all seen any of that game yesterday? The pacer game. No Nuggets game. I know y'all to watch a person game. Everybody say that Kat ducking the smoke with Yoic. Right. And I'm not gonna say he was ducking, he just playing team defense like I seen that Draymond said a, he had a tweet where he was like Kat was fronting the post shit.


I ain't gonna call that ducking. I'm call that being smart shit. Yogi's the best player in the league and I might need some help guarding. You know what I mean? But whatever. I mean the crazy part is watching that game, the real matchup was put between the guards yesterday 'cause Jamal Morgan went crazy yesterday. He had 33 like they was going at it. I mean he did what we was supposed to do bro. They Wanna see Kad go at it like Joelle go at it withy. That's Well they should watched it last year 'cause he did that. That's all bro. He Did the West Conference. I, I'm trying to win the game. I don't care how we gotta do it. I know it's everybody got pride and take your challenge one-on-one. Yeah I seen Dros talk about that on the podcast. Like if you on guard me one on one then it ain't a matchup. I shit I wanna win.


So yeah, we got a double team. We gotta do whatever we do to get the ball outta Yoic hand. Let's win the game. And obviously it worked 'cause Yoic only went for 17. Yeah. And he ain't had double digit assists. So whatever the game plan was for the Knicks nigga Finally had a regular game. Yeah. Yeah. T the game plan worked for a reason and follow the course. Yeah. Keep that shit going. That says more to him honestly about saying fuck my ego, I'm gonna do what we gotta do to win. Yeah. And yeah he made sacrifice his stats but he still won And we and they might have geared that defense 'cause they know Kat probably can't guard one on one. And Dre mind you a better defender, like you can take that challenge on shit. Some people know their weakness. Some people know nigga my strength is guard. Some people know my strength is scoring.


I think Kat know his strength. Yeah we see Kat. I agree in every meme getting posted up. Yeah. Front front bro. It's cool. Yeah, win the game. That's only bad if you do that shit lose nah ain't even shit. Stick to the game playing. You'all lose y'all lose Now if he went for 50 and you went to go switch off on somebody You Scared? Yeah you smoke still. You went to go guard Aaron Gordon and you put OG on him then we got a problem for sure. Yeah. Next one five in a row. They been going crazy right now. The Nuggets have lost three in a row. I know we had talked about Aaron Gordon coming off the bench but they had to make that adjustment back since they've been taking a couple Ls. So you they still need to make some moves or you just take the team to the playoffs?


I mean I mean they fourth in the west. I love to see Zach Levine. Hmm. On that squad. Shit I don't know. That'd be tough. Zach. Zach I think they could use his scoring. Jamal Murray, Zach Levine, Yoki. Man everybody just stay where you at man. They can't, they gotta get rid of Zach Levine in Chicago. Ah damn. Nah bro. Zach Levine gotta go in Chicago. Everybody don't need a trade though. He do gotta leave. But most of these teams bro just keep your core. I mean they let, when they let KCP go that kind of messed up they whole, they whole little thing they had going on.


Yeah they expected Peyton Watson and Christian Bryan to make up his, you know what I'm saying? Departure. But they're both a good young talent but they ain't him yet. Nah. And it was just like the chemistry that had the cutting, the shooting and all that stuff. So I don't know man, I think, I think if they go get Z Levine, that's, that's definitely should. Yeah now they talking about the championship, they trying to win a chip, they get Z Levine. But I'm trying to think of somebody a little under Zack Levine that they could trade for that would still give 'em good production. Nothing's coming to mind real right now though man most that tuned man trade deadline is approaching for sure. The Clippers get a win Yesterday 1 28 at one 16 over the Spurs.


Kawa had 27, you know what I'm saying? Homecoming go crazy for him. NPZ had 27 as well. James hard at 21 and 11 and Zu been hooping man. 21 points, 22 rebounds, clips Clippers. Man. What's Zoo averaging this year? Every time we get on here I see his stats. I'm like is this dude a top five center Because God Lee stats dummy 15 12 15 12. That's great. He might be double double. That's Dnar Stein. He Damn there might be a top, top five center in the league right now. He better than on hard sound than me. I'm gonna give, we got Ade Center, Joelle Yoki L three then after that like it's a bonus and then Heart T be, it wouldn't be a center.


I think he started Center. Yeah, I would then definitely wouldn't be. Okay. Wouldn't be but Zoo better than everybody else. I don't know if Anthony Davis, he was a four, he want to be a four. So I ain't putting Anthony Davis in there. But after Saboni I'm, yeah, Yeah. Zoo baby better than Mouse. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Yeah he is bro. 15, he rebound that ball man. Yeah that is very true. Yeah that's what a lot of other centers don't rebound the ball Center. He better Jared Allen too? Nah. Okay. Jared Allen. He ain't too far off. They probably, I be, his stats is better. He better Rudy.


Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah, he 15 to 12. You can throw Zoo the ball. He gonna score it. He definitely Lopez. Yeah, right now. Yeah. Not this, he better than Brooke right now. That old Brook? No. Yeah, OG Brook. He definitely better than OG Brook. Yeah. But right now he got Brook. Okay. Shout To my boy MP though, boy. 27 and eight Zu. Yeah. MP might be a Allstar man. I, I believe today we get the, the reserves correct. Yeah. He ain't gonna make it but he deserve to be one. Come on man. 24. What's fucked up man? He ain't gonna make it but he killing bro. He killing you. Definitely deserve a pay grade. I mean an upgrade on a pay you pay young boy, but he ain't gonna make the Allstar team.


Now I want to ask y'all this question. If Kua can keep playing at this level the rest of the year, you think they got a chance to make noise in the playoffs? Yeah, they a scary team with Kaw all the way back. That's, that's a hell of a three. That's a scary team. Kua get back and you know what KW do in the playoffs? Yeah we talk about playoffs. Jimmy kw getting the playoffs, he get the hooping. But while I get back it might get, they might, that might be a sleeper team. For real. Yeah, if He, if he healthy they could beat the Nuggets. Oh God,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelors, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details


when It comes to playtime. Never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo.


Lenovo,


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community, the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Damn, that's a tough matchup for the Nuggets. Hey, they could beat them. Where they at? No, west Clippers are five maybe. Alright, shout out to the team working. I'm just playing with you. I'm just fucking with you. Yeah, six they six. You're a game out. Yeah. Ooh. That if it stay like this, that grizzly clippers match up. Hmm. That might be tough for the grizzlies. What beat they? Yeah. Clippers. Wow. I love to see a a four or five matchup Clippers and Lakers. Oh Christmas. That would be fire. That'd be a good matchup. Everybody at full shrimp too.


That would be a fire matchup. I'd like to see that because Kaw fucking around the kill. James Har gonna lead the pack bro. I'd like to see that. We we, that's a four one. Damn. Listen Tom will tell. We will see. Let's go to some more games from yesterday. The next beat, the Hornets 1 0 4 to 83 Lalo unfortunately got hurt again. So it's probably unlikely about him being an Allstar game. He might be nominated if he is but he's to be reevaluated in a week. So hopefully all is well for him. Told you he is Zion bro. Hopefully I love Lalo. He lalo, he the meow. He little mellow. He the guard. Zion. Damn. Get paid as least as possible man.


Do your job. King Zion. The small forward mb. Yeah you said that. All the same lineage. They all right there. They all Hall of Fame talent, like they all got unbelievable talent. Just, just can't stay healthy. The first team do the least. Yeah. We gotta get a shooting guard for that team too. Who guard who else who, who else get paid and don't be playing that much at the two. I can't think of offhand. Can we put Kawhi at the two? We definitely can Kawai at the two. Damn it. That's a hell of a team. Now I want to talk about that Woods and the sons game though. That's what I watched. Okay. Talk your shit and did this motherfucker thing Yesterday bro.


KD really that nigga though. Dope. KD really cold bro. Book. Book killed but ain't really, I don't know bro. He he, he up there as one of the top leaders in the NBA to me. Oh most definitely. He had 33 and seven yesterday JR had 28 7 6 KD was killing. He had 33 and book had 28 and eight. Yeah, KD unguardable But I don't know JR keep killing man. So we can keep you on that block. Hey Jay McDaniel had me rolling and when he mushed de book you guys see an laughing though? Yeah, I seen. Yeah he laughing the whole time. He like, hey chill bro. He rolling though. He my type of guy. Yeah because I've been rolling too.


Love that nigga. Leadership bro. Yeah, four games in a row man. They on the hot street right now. They been having up and down year. But again that's one of the people I wouldn't wanna see in the playoffs. Yeah that was disrespectful bro. We gotta get rid of JR though. I know. I'll be saying stay where you are but he gotta go. Gonna say he started the show off talking about stay where you are but his team he wouldn't making dishes in upgrade. We Gotta, we got release. Hey some people That was crazy. That was crazy. That Was wild. That was wild. We got a release. Yeah I don't think I ever said that. Yeah, that's right. Why Please don't say that. Keep going please The disrespect like a lot of people like don't fuck with Devin Booker.


They don't. No he got a lot of beef with like random people. That's true. Like I think he got beef, beef with clay. Right. Jay like who beefs with Clay? Probably like the nicest nigga in the world But they said book talk a lot of shit. Oh he definitely talks shit. Yeah. Told you when he crossed me and hit me with that three and I spun around, the fuck is he doing on the court? I'm like that ain't on Lucky the fuck is he doing on the court? It's crazy. Yeah like what the fuck, what shit was you on there? I was on Milwaukee. Oh yeah. It was really, what the fuck was I doing on the court but it still was fuck you like what the fuck Like wow I clipped the shit out. You quit playing with me.


You ain't go at him Nigga I don't get the ball. That was the final I'm Assuming. I mean damn nigga you the point guard so. Oh I was the point guard that team y'all was the point guard. I told y'all about that shit. Yeah hit the quarter Right. Your ass to the quarter fool. Yeah. Wasn't no point guard on that team. Oh Yeah. You know what was crazy bro. I know we, we talking, it's like how you downplay your career sometimes. Not that you downplayed but you just, you just humbled about it bro. That happened in the NBA finals. Like that wasn't no random game but like February bro. That happened in the NBA finals. Yeah I was supposed to be on that court. Yeah I mean D Boo looked at you how Tyrese looked at Brony mother The fuck he did. Hey it wasn't green motherfucker because I hurt you. That nigga to win again.


Hey, hey look they took me out that a folk try score again was gonna be in those stands with me be his last NBA final Be RP Anthony Mac boy. He was living through him. I was just saying bro. TG Stewart, listen on God I one thing about it, you gonna kill me? Yeah you start talking shit. You gonna get fouled play the Clipse. Yeah I gonna play the Clipse don't talk shit to me. Flagrant Fouling niggas just because is wild. Don't talk shit. Just who Bro. Don't talk shit. Oh. I'm gonna shout out you. That's hilarious man. Shout out to shout to act like I'm going for a block. Try to hit you in your head. Flavor one Bradley Bill swag.


Nah, I wasn't try to do that to Brad man. That's exactly what you, he over exaggerated that one that see Brad. I fuck with Brad. That was, that was something else that some other niggas I I done foul. I don't get 'em off Charleston. Nah, Nah you y'all can, y'all can look them up. Oh they gonna follow them. You look them up Charles the compilation for sure. You really got a foul compilation That's Fucked up And they put jello on it. Yeah the tweaker it was hard. It was a real tweaker. That was hard. Y'all crazy man. Celtics beat the bulls yesterday. 1 22 to a hundred. Poor Z had 34 and 11. Damn. JB had 28, 6 and six about to as situation doesn't much to talk about there. Cs beat the heat 1 26 and 1 0 6 D Mitch had 34.


Tyler Hero had 22, BA had 21 and nine as well. The 76 ERs took care of the Kings yesterday or Maxie had 30 and eight. Malik Mon had 21. EB had a trippy de but 13, 14 and 11. The MAs beat the Pelicans by won yesterday. I don't know if y'all seen any part of that game but it was old D. They was low key hooping yesterday. PJ Washington had 25, 14 and eight. He damn near raw. Yeah. PJ been hooping man. Yeah he damn near raw now he be getting buckets for sure. He damn turned into Lu because he raw. Nah, he ain't do all that. Nah, I'm saying like they done gave him the ball, he be coming off picking rows and shit. I'm like what the fuck. Yeah, Jason Kidy let him hoop for sure. Yeah. Kyrie had 25 9 6 Freaky Z had 29 76. They raw too.


Guard 32 or six. Yeah bro. Nothing to do with lying man. Trey Murphy nice too. Yeah, free him too. He on a choir a good year too. Even when everybody was down he was killing. Yeah. I'm glad he came back from injury hooping. I wonder what, what he averaging this year. Trey Murphy, he had some big nights. Excuse Me. He it gotta be around 17 at least we'll get that. Yeah, we'll get to Cell next time. Yeah. Mike, Trey Murphy. Mike playing Snake on the phone. He on, he on his Nokia. Yeah. Pause that's with him and wifey call it playing Snake. He ain't got time for that shit back and forth man. It's too early. Yo. Your turn, Your turn is inside. We got some games. Did you drop the kids off?


Send it now. Mike is a, you know what type of nigga Mike is? Mike is a Did you lock the door? Let's move. Oh, scary. Y'all crazy. That's a crazy run. Every time you forget to put something on the fucking tv. I star get on your ass mate. Every single time child in a production team, man. Cut the shit off. Y'all crazy bro.


Hawks at Cavs. Who y'all got Cavs? Yeah, Cavs Lakers at Wizards. Who y'all got Lakers? Yep. Wolves at Jazz. Wolves. Wolves. Rockets at Grizzly rockets. This is gonna be a good game. How many times have they played too? Yeah, they played 15 times in the last two weeks. Yeah, in The real play In. Yeah, but I, I, I wanna see this game for sure. And then Magic at Blazers. I got Blazers. I'm rolling with the Blazers back then. I'm a, I'm a fan bro. I like what I like what Chauncey doing? Ben Carroll fuck around killed him tonight. They gonna put 33 on him. Nah, It's quiet. I, I don't know if I'm gonna say watch that game but I'll definitely fuck with the highlights. Five buckets be here. Who was getting to it yesterday? Yeah, SHA Man.


52. Come On Man. Undeniable man. Good game. We took the L but 52 is is powerful For sure. Show some love my boy Peace skills. See I can work crazy yesterday. 37 Peace son. Slight. That's what I caught him. I thought he was talking about poor Zenga nigga Pete Gi. I like poor. No no I'm talking about the real one. Oh yeah. I thought that was poor Zenga Never. Who called? Who called AKA that Pete Gills his country Respect his country. But yeah that's, that's his name bro. Peace gis. Ah He didn't get that at Rucker Got there. I forgot Chip. Oh who yours I'm gonna go with, I always give Ace Bailey shit but Ace Bailey was killing last night. He was hooping?


Yeah he went for 37 and it looked like a a u last night shit. Yo crazy young fell bro. Shout the little kj. It was wicked. Oh yeah, I seen KJ get one of them baskets. He ain't never been a defender. My boy shot. Yeah he ain't never been one. Nah, a Bailey Cole man. Definitely on his highlight tape. Jaylen Brunson was crazy yesterday. 30 and 15 is insane. Man, that's dope. We talked about Ka and I getting his stat yesterday. But Jaylen Brunson is the reason why they can go far bro. Because when shit get iffy, he wanted to code us for sure. He well soon be here. Who needs some encouragement going to the weekend? Isaiah Stewart. Boy stop playing with James boy.


He folds you up my boy. You doing too much. But you gotta be there for the team though. Jeff said like a lot of teams need a Isaiah Stewart, you know what I mean? Give a, give the team a spark. But that was just the wrong one. Yeah, I was gonna say in most situations I feel very confident in Isaiah Stewart's chances to win. Not with jj. It ain't even about fighting. I mean it's just giving us some type of grit. But yeah, I don't know. I feel like a lot of teams do lack that so Yeah, we got a different type of energy though. Yeah, it is different. That's really, I hired James for that though. That's funny Too. 1000% after that situation in Milwaukee. Like you said when Reon, when Dill Brooks cupped his neck bro, they should have about a killing the next day. They Really wants to go get big bro.


Bro. Set the tone bro. Respect Set the franchise. T Who you got man? Julius. Randall. K. He crossed the shit outta you God damn boy. Yeah He rob bro. That nigga ran to the screen. Go to the highlight. Y'all don't got it. Ah man. But look how he ran to the screen. Okay. KD with the doc Fade. Look at, I seen that last night. Bow, That boy ran to the screen. That's the worst one to do. That's when, that's the kind of shit. That's A good haircut. Just send it over the screen bro. At top off KD cut. Oh. Oh my mama. He was killing him. I that's crazy. I watched this. I did not see his haircut.


Neither did do it. Bow. Oh my God. Damn my tv. That's Where, that's what, see he fucked the game up 'cause ooh, seven foot people trying to do that. That's how you train now. A lot of people just can't do that though. Yeah, that's, that's God giving. That's a blessing bro. A lot of people can't move like that at seven Foot. He was doing that when we was kids. Yeah. So yeah. But that's how he gotta train now. Shit. That's Crazy. Six foot point guard getting trained like a sitter now. Get well soon. Man. That's Kyrie did violated yesterday, man, I'm biased. Gotta go with my goat That read the greatest point guard ever to you. Ah, that's my favorite player.


Oh that's tough. Do it again. Lemme see Paul. Oh my Lord. Touch Earth, get out the way. Like that's great defense. Honestly, He got one of the best fadeaway jumpers ever though. That's just a lead bro. But like what can you do? Nothing bro. That's just great defense. I've been in that position. Pause thousands of times. Yeah. Where you just feel like you right there and you like that's good defense. You say it a good defense and he hit the shot. He say, fuck you. He different. Literally. Yeah, they be, they be asking us to, I was like, ask him about the Brooklyn game.


I said, we have talked about that enough, man. Yeah. Y'all gonna quit bringing that shit up. You know what, they gonna quit tagging me in Brooklyn. Giannis talking. They didn't quit asking me about Paul Pierce calling us ugly. Oh yeah, I get that a lot on Twitter. Y'all the ugliest brother in the NBA. Damn. I'm like fuck that nigga. Yeah. I can't wait till Paul pull up. We we gonna talk about that for sure. We definitely gonna on Paul. I'm gonna run shit out there nigga ugliest On. We gonna get on them haircuts. We gonna get on all that. Yeah, we, we started our first five minutes all tour session for sure. Last but not least. Isaiah Stein man, you well soon brother Gary Peyton got bunnies A and he disrespectful How he done him and King Martin song be dunking on Everybody Look at the bench though, with the left hook.


The bench reaction to crazy. Hey he done with the left on niggas. Wow. Look at the bench. Everybody's supposed to be hurt jumping around and shit. A bench going crazy. Oh my God. That's tough. That's hard. Yeah they Every team bench nigga B you see something like that, Niggas don't be liking each other bro. You know That need that like even in high school basketball man, we need more That they get Dennis though Dennis. I agree. Oh yeah, we need that in high school bro. Yeah, get hype bro. Team Pride boy. Well check IDE through the banger though. I can't see him. He so damn dark. Oh there he is. He's crushing his head. Be cool Dennis for that motherfucker. Come off.


Come on man. You know, you know your laces be loose. Come on man. You gonna be like Rocco half Top. That's no, That's his shit. Shout to dishes. He went to Turkey. Oh probably now he got it. Crazy. Glue on that motherfucker Pay for it. Shores. So you King be him. People shot with some money man. What you got? Shit girl like a, you remember the water on? Nah bro. Why don't everyone come on the show bro? Y'all be roasting people.


Alright man. Jordan Pool till you get his feelings. 20 Austin Reeds 15 Jordan. I mean Ja Morant 25. Amen. 20 Trey Young 20 Lloyd Marketing 20 Paolo gone have a good game against the Blazers. 25, 2 50, 13,000, Two 50, 13,000 going into the weekend. Yep, Yep, yep. How you feeling about that TI don't think Amen gonna get 20 but everybody else out, I feel confident. Sure man.


Shout out to Draft Kings. Make sure you use that promo code Cliff five 20 get you a little bit of a bonus on that to get you some money this weekend.


Listen, okay we got a question before we get up outta here. Notice in the Morning, but what in the hell is freaking Mike doing his Patreon episode? Sick and tired of his scary ass. Be here and say something. I got it. Y'all don't worry That that's be here. Artist. Yeah Documentary. He he got it on Tucked. It's on the way. We'll talk about Freaky Mike Ax bro. Miles Turners to the Lakers is realistic. It is not. They have called the Pacers and the Pacers don't want nothing from them. Which y'all should. What do they want from them? They gonna get another. We want Bronny, Tre ar We want Bronny. We don't need any more guards and wings. We had. I'll trade ar for miles. I would not, we don't have any bigs.


I won't. We tried one big and then we get another guard. We gotta get rid of another guard to get another big Brony will fit well in Indiana. Hey give everybody opportunity. It snow a lot here And on that note, we will catch out next week. Y'all be safe. Have a good weekend. Five 20 in the Morning. The Volume,


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply C for details.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond. Hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.