
Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time, Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page of five. Dirk four Page is lead. Okay. You Won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents. We'll have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March 6th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Thursday is five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date in everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Hedrick. To my right, my brother Teague Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? I'm saying them Brody. Yeah. I think I love Oh that's what you was on this morning. Yeah. Respect While we here. Favorite Gucci song? That's tough for me. I'm gonna go with my favorite tape. The movie though. I think the movie's the top five mix tape of all time Songs for me. Bricks.


Damn that Still go crazy crazy in the club as well. It does. That's my favorite goose. Even though they were never performing a miss song together ever again. That was the slap for show man. For the old heads. Listen man, some crazy basketball took place yesterday. Let's get straight to it man. I don't know what the hell was going on in Boss yesterday, but it was definitely a belt to add. Situation. 1 28 to one 18. It Celtics get two 40 point performances from Peyton Pritchard and Derrick White yesterday. That shit was crazy. Please tell me I saw that I call glimpses of it. I ain't gonna lie. I ain't, I ain't peeped that. But when I seen the stats I had to go watch the highlights man. Peyton Prichard went his signed yesterday. 43 points, 10 rebounds, fives 10 to 17 and three Derrick White, 41 9 from 17 from three first time this has ever happened in Celtics history and this Denver happened from role players.


Yeah, that shit's crazy. Yeah, That's, I think that's the biggest highlight of it. That's how You know they scary bro. That's how You know the NBA is crazy. When you got two guys on one team shooting 17 threes at one point in the world, 17 threes was like the total team. Yeah. And they might have been wilding that night. Yeah, Especially in the nineties For sure. That New York Knick team never shot 16 threes. I'm done with the nineties. I was playing. What's so crazy about this, if this was JB and jt, we would still be like damn, they really went crazy And the fact that it was Peyton Prichard. Yeah man that Hey Derrick White is crazy. Yeah, that team's special man. Alright man, if Derrick White's hell bro, fte, who is who?


Who was Peyton Pritchard pay? So yeah, we found out that Along y'all Harry B. That's B rad. P pri. B rad Babu most BU's Most. Yeah. Y'all couldn't even, y'all could give. I'm gonna give PPI fuck with you bro. Yeah, In fact this is my Guy. I'm, I'm gonna call you, I'm gonna give you Tom Cruise at least bro. Out of pocket. Damn Have Tom, he got flavor. I'm saying he got flavor. If You know Tom Cruise is smooth, bro B was lame bro. He Wasn't lame bro. B Red was lame as hell bro. He tried to play me. He had more He he had Bar, he was lame. Hey man, go to that picture. Come on. All B Ain Doing paint picture like that.


I'm gonna say Paul Wall. He Paul Wall R Respect Paul Wall. Paul Wall. Paw Walker. RP No nah. Paw Wall. Paw Wall. Yeah. Paw Wall. Paw Walker were swaggy too though. Four fos, I'm Tipping. Who the best word of that song? Shit, I don't know. Can't remember that song. Oh you disrespectful. Houston. Four Fos. I'm tipping Switch Outs gonna be on as This nigga's locked up. Free to real. I'm gonna go with Mike Jones had the best version. Oh man, I, I guess, Ooh that's tough. I don't remember But Mike Jones used to get off High School. Little some Thug had the best, cracked it off My wall slid two on the low. That was my Favorite rapper.


Thug was my favorite rapper. That it was all rap song. Not outta all time, but out of them bro. Outta Houston. Yeah. Yeah. That's a Lee rap song by the way too. Yeah. This is a random thought, but did y'all see him on that? That show with the Oh Poor Boss, Our boy The Goat. Hey, that's my type of speed. It will always be Respect on this PO for Slim Thy. Yeah. Percent. Because if I, he's a wild boy. If I, if I'm would go out, I'm going out with a, I'm going out like slim th I I like it because of the confidence. Yeah, he said I mean shoot or shoot, I was in both of y'all did. What Was that? I liked it. I like, I like It how they looked at it. They was like damn we we why fuck with Shit.


Hey You know why he code? Because he said it's a bullshit and Denver we're convinced him to go along with the bullshit. That's why I fuck with for, I fuck with it for sure. That was five 20 for sure. Man. Peyton Pritchard six man a year. You getting 40 like this bro. Yeah. Fuck. Why not? I think it might be solidified him six man a year. I was, I was leaning toward Malik Beasley but he started a lot but I don't know that's still a up in the air conversation. But Peyton pri what he's doing off the bench. Yeah, it's probably his to lose for sure man. Obviously they get this big of a win getting able to rush players. Basically shout out to every Simons hoop out. Yesterday he had 30 piece as well. Chasing Sharp. Catching stride as well with 25 and six like you said. Man I mean it. Listen, I know it's different of a game but they been playing a lot better Re Blas.


Was Chauncey doing a good job with young boys bro? Man, that's one of my favorite teams to watch in the league. They got some exciting young players. Like you said Simon Sharp Couple capable bigs on their team. They a cool league pass team to watch though. They gonna give you some exciting games. Like this wasn't a blowout game really. Nah, nah. I mean it was a competitive game obviously they were hot from three but You know Sharp as assignments was hooping. Sure man. Love to the Trailbla for sure man. On to the CS man. First team in the NBA to clin a playoff spot. 12 game win streak man. Got the victory over the heat yesterday. One 12 to 1 0 7. Diving Metro Hooped out yesterday 26 and seven. DG had 15 to 10, bam did this thing with 34 and 12.


But man, Cavs got the most win streaks man. Besides the oh 6 0 7 Mavs, like you said, every time they lose one game they just go on a double digit win streak. Man. Can Darius Garland just have 15 to 10 In the playoffs? No, no. Nah, Y'all gotta, y'all gotta speak on that. What, what do they need from him? I mean right now that's all they need in the playoff series. Donovan Mitchell is gonna be great but Darius Garland is gonna have to be great to beat the Celtics and every time I say every time they play the Celtics, he never plays really well. Every time I watch he be missing little floaters and layups and things. Stuff that he normally hits.


So against the Celtics to beat them. And I think that's the team they gonna face in the Eastern Conference finals possibly. They gonna have to, he gonna have to play great for them to beat them. Yeah. I don't think he has to be able to attribute the ball that much like tennis. I mean that's cool but I'm gonna need the dub, which he's very capable of getting but you gonna have to consistently score 20. Him and Donovan Mitchell gonna have to combine for 50 points a game. So They gonna be play like almost JB and Jason Tatum. Yeah, but shit they, however they wanna, however they want to form it, they gotta combine for 50 points. Yeah. If that's Donovan Mitchell getting 30, he getting 20 whatever 25. 25 they gotta combine for 50 points to be in a series with them or they might get swept.


We just talked about Derrick White and Peyton Pri both getting 40 a piece. Yeah, I'll look at, look this roster outside of Donovan, I don't think there's anybody that you would say comfortably could get me 40. I'm not saying they gonna do it on a regular but we ain't seen that shit. They gonna have to play at a crazy level, which they can do but they just gonna have to maintain it to be a team like that. Yeah, I just wanted to ask y'all that. Nah, that's a fair question for sure man. D G's definitely capable for sure. But like you said they, they gotta make it happen. Yeah. Potential first round matches for them. Maybe the heat, maybe the magic, maybe the Hawks. Maybe the Bulls. We ain't worried about none of that situation for them at all. But like you said, I think they only worry about the Celtics in their conference finals right now. I ain't gonna lie though, I'm, I think they'll beat the magic but that just ain't a a team with the matchups with PA or Pablo.


I know his name. Pablo. Pablo, he's a matchup nightmare. Yeah, him and Franz like I'm not, I I'm sure they probably will beat him in a series that's just not a first round matchup album won't because as you go on, the more games you play the harder it gets. So if you go into a six game series with the Magic and the Celtics sweep the heat or whoever they play it is like rest. Yeah. The more games you add onto your body, that second round matchup with them and the Bucks or the Pacers right now. It's gonna be a tough matchup too. Yeah, that's probably gonna go six or seven games. So now you getting in these long drawn out series while these Celtics gonna sweep through whatever they're gonna do, they already proved it.


Yeah, yeah. Now you gotta meet them and that's just more games or risk for injury. So I don't know man. For sure man, Evan Moby man, how y'all like his development this season? Is he the, is he the, like we talk about dg, is he the one that gotta kill as well? Yeah, he gotta have big games playing under Kenny Atkinson. He's that opened up his game. Okay. We looked at him as a big, now we look at him as a point forward type of guy. He bring the ball up, he make plays. But Kenny Aon opened his game up. We all knew he was capable even when he was at USC we thought he was really good but him shooting more threes like this year and playing with his, playing with the ball and perimeter.


Yeah I mean he's having a hell of a year obviously All Star. Probably one of the most improved players in the league for sure. Man. Shout to Evan Mobley. Yeah I As well. I like Evan Mobley. Yeah man he gonna have to kill though. Most definitely. Yeah, he gotta have, he gotta have 20 point nights. Yeah. Not every night but we need you. I ask that this who 20 would be more important in the series against Celtics? Him or dg dj. Okay. Because he, he just feels all the void and everything else though. Yeah because you could almost guarantee he gonna get 15, 15, 8 and 7 15 8 and five. Yeah. That's a long line. Somewhere around there. But it's effective. Yeah, Yeah for sure. Garland averages 20 but on games against the Celtics, he's, he struggles sometimes man.


Yeah, For sure. So you think that's 'cause bigger guards is For sure. You know you got Drew how like he playing against a five, he they switch one through five. Yeah so at times he playing against Al Horford Ingas and then if that's, if he's not on him it's Drew Holiday. JB jt. Right. Darius Garland shorter than me. That's a fair, All these dudes is six five and up. Yeah. With size like Paul but like way too 20. Yeah like Drew Hollow like 2 25. Yeah is that's tough. You Know what I mean? I weigh 2 0 7 Drew holla 2 25.


Derrick White aint little you On drugs? Yeah. Derrick White 6 5 2 10. Yeah that's different but Olympians as the back court bro. Yeah right. Like yeah man for sure man. Shout to some big guards man. Shout to the Cavs Nuggets. Took care of business yesterday against the Kings one 16 to one 10 R Dub. Russell Westbrook had 25 yesterday. J Murray had 24, Yoko had 22, 15 and six. DeMar rose crazy with 35 6 and five. Zach V had 20. I think Dmar Rosen is almost top 25 in scoring or right outside of it after yesterday's performances. Assistant man shout out to the Family. Yeah One of the best scorers of all time for sure.


Special talent. Yeah I forgot exactly where he did all that with nine shooting three. That's crazy. SGA kind of remind me of him. Yeah up 27 there he is. Yep. Right behind Steph. And that's somebody you wouldn't think is up there if you just thinking about DeMar de Rose, you like damn you really top 30 ever. And then we talking about Russ NBA Russ right there at 21 bro. Yeah but I'm saying Russ crazy is more He was NMP. Yeah For sure. For Sure. For a player like that. DeMar Dero be top 30 ever bro. That's raw. Yeah you never got no real high accolades in the league. Like Like if you ain't know like just from a basketball like I'm a basketball head obviously I know how cold DeMar Dero is but you didn't know you would think Jamal Crawford probably had more points than DeMar.


Yeah, that's a fact. That's a fact. So shout out to DeMar for show bro. Just 'cause Jamal known for getting buckets probably more than DeMar is. But More bigger highlight moments though. Yeah You know 50 point games DeMar 50 point game ain't like a Jamal Crawford 50 point game. It's different. Most definitely. That's the highlight factory and People discredited because of how their seasons may ended. But DeMar Rosen really whooping shit in Toronto. Man. He got more points than Iversson. Yeah the list is crazy. Right. But my boy Robert Parish is up there at 32. Yeah Nigga he plays 1600 games. So what God You A legend He got can you scroll down to the pop? Loved that man. I'm sure UNC didn't know that.


Robert Parish, Joe Johnson up there. Johnson 49, Dale La Marcus. I just got hella buckets. Yeah bro. Larry Bird Most games on the list. Robert Parish plays 1600 big games Bro. Don't matter. See I try to water it out my stats like y'all do. M Ms. Smith Russian record with hating. I'm here More games bro. Hey enough man, enough niggas Did. No Bro. So Robert Paris would fill away about players sitting out. It gotta be respected. No. Yes it has to. That nigga played more games than LeBron. I didn't rest and y'all didn't know that y'all basketball heads. Y'all didn't know that him Play more games and Kareem is crazy. Nah bro prepared.


I'm hating bro. That Need to be a real y'all we gotta, Louis you have to show love to Robert Parish bro. You have to be highlighted 1600. Shout out to my uncle man. He love him For real. That's crazy. The chief y'all did not know Robert Parish played more games than bro bro. Bro. Adrian Darley did the same amount of damage in Denver. 700 less games bro. I'm asleep bro. That's not fair bro. Damn Adrian Ley, y'all Y was mad at me because I was no Day Adrian Denley nasty for that though. Yeah you really got buckets. Yeah nigga dir a thousand games. You was killing Al Harvey too bro. You, you was fucking going crazy. You was going to work. Could you scroll down to Elgin Baylor? I think you played 8 46.


Hey they was going to work. Yeah niggas was hooping. Hey they was. Hey that's crazy. They was going to work Boy hooping in the drunken love era getting to it. That's crazy man. Damn Man. RP man that's what's up For sure man y'all crazy. I don't know what's gonna go happening for the Nuggets in the postseason but them losing KCP, y'all think they kind of filled that void with Christian LeBron? He's heading to hell a season right now. He's playing good. I mean averaging 15 shooting better from the three. But he is not known as a three point shooter. Like that's one thing KCP did he made, he made timely shots. Yeah, most definitely.


I think Ron probably is a better player right now offensively, but his three point shooting, I mean he's shooting 36% is not bad. But I don't think he's known for that defensively. He, he competes but I, I, I mean I got what I understand why they did it. I think he can fill that void. I think he's just as good as KCP but they just had a cool synergy with KCP. It just felt good. I mean they won a championship together so most definitely. Sure man. Shout out to the Nuggets. Who's the hotter team right now? The Nuggets of the Warriors. Better or hotter? Hotter? The Warriors. The Warrior's. The hottest team out. Yeah I wouldn't date for say better 'cause You know the Warrior's the hottest team just because where they was at when they first got Jimmy they was in the 10th.


Like the Nuggets been solid all year for sure. Warriors started off hot. They aint went on a terrible losing streak. Jimmy come hey pause. So Jimmy came to the team, they go on a little run. Yeah they only six games back from their position. That's crazy. Yeah where we was talking about them almost a month and a half ago. Yeah. How they Doing their thing man? No smut For sure man. Another good game yesterday from SGA 41 piece. They get the win over the Gies one shit starting shit ridiculous bro. 41 to eight bro. Like that's the office warrior bro. It's getting that regular is it? Is it really like let's be honest, I remember You know James hard, one of my favorite players. Yes sir. Does do he score easier than James Harden? No. Ooh, you don't think so?


No. James Harden changed the game. I'm not saying he didn't change the game but James Harden shot a lot of threes and free throws. Yes. I think that's where the only I'm I'm going with James but the, I think only reason why people might feel Away. Y'all doing efficient. Nah, I'm just saying James got a lot, half of James points every night was free throws, free throws and three Cliff. How? Nah, I feel you He he we flipped the Cusa clip when he go out with his hands behind his back. Yeah he figured he figured it out. He knew how to manipulate the game. Yeah and that's part of the game. If you figuring out all the nuances and all the things that make you a better player, he figured it out and mastered it. How many free throws did he hit?


8,030 Like he hit, I scored. Oh. Now it's a lot of niggas up there at that didn't Listen. I scored 10,000 points shit in my career he made 8,000 free throws. You wasn't in the gym enough. 8,000 Free throws. See that's that conservative shit. Oh my take Back at Yourself. How many bro? How many free throws LeBron man You ain't work harder though. 8,591 Hold LeBron, Moses Malone, James Harden, James Harden's the goat and SG Aper come on. And James Harden played how many years LeBron played? 37. 22, 22.


And James Harden got being like year 1615. Yeah. Come on man. Yeah that's a lot of fucking free throws. Yeah, he changed the game bro. Listen Carl Malone is the only person with more than Them. We can't say his name Word. Okay. Throws different. Brian didn't attempted a lot of free throws though y'all he just ain't making 'em. That's a he 12,000, You know what I'm saying? James hard hit 8,000 of 9 9300 Now y'all mad I'm making them. Nah I ain't, I ain't damn Brian LeBron really fucked up the bag. You can make free throws bro. Your score title with a ben up bro. Bro have 50 2K if he hit more Free throws but that's what they used to always be on him about. Yeah but Brian's still the go fuck the free throws thinking I God Brian go but I'm just thinking about, I mean free like yeah SGA the way he scored though.


And I'm not mad at y'all for the saying that though bro. They both, He get it. He get it in more ways to me than they Both unbelievable. But the way I wa when I watch him and I, I'm like damn man he Shoot a, he also say easier. He shoot a lot of free throws too but like he definitely gets, yeah he has a superstar whistle for sure. Yeah he get a lot of free throws too. But I misheard you though. You said easier. I I I can I either mind Because I James Hardin's his was based off pick and row or he isolation but it was tough. Like I Lot of between 11. Between 11 between legs. Yes. Step back to real basketball between 11 between legs. Go buy your fo between legs.


Between legs. I got foul. You teach your son how to hoop like SGA You pray your son hoop like SG? No I'm just saying, I'm talking about the mechanics of basketball. Oh yeah? Yeah. You can't teach your kid how to be James Harsh. No. Nah That's what I'm saying. Keeping it simple. You would show him a tape of SGA keep basketball simple. No, I ain't Gonna lie. If I was trying to teach a kid how to play basketball for real I'll probably show him Peyton Prichard. No, I'm talking about it. No I'm just saying like we just talking about that concept. Oh Okay. I'll be like hey if you wanna play basketball really good, you should play like him. See that's my problem. I'm going straight to Swaggy P highlights. This what we all, because you Gotta, that's fraud because you well break it down bro.


I wanna hear you. He Do everything perfect. This not even trying to be a fan nothing. But like when I used to even watch him workout, like he can dribble, he can pass, he can shoot and he's small but he do everything off two feet. He rarely go to the basket off one foot. Like he might shoot a floater here and there but he always play off two feet. He's always down ready to shoot at any time. He's always on balance. I would teach my kid how to play basketball like P pri. So It is not the sexiest game. Yeah but it's the most effective game. So Fundamentally saying you think he's up oh To a T. To T. That's a media top five Basketball league albums. That sounds Okay. He's so fun. League sound. Yeah he's strong.


He's always low, always on balance shot ready at all times. Like I can rock with That. I swear if I was trying to teach a kid how to play basketball I'd be like yeah Peyton pri shit ain't matter that at all Because you saw it in real time too. So it's Different facts like coming off screens. He, he knew how to do everything perfect. He's just short and not as, he's not that. Oh shit. He's not that as athletic as everybody else. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like he's kind of slow. Don't jump that high but he can make shit happen. Shit. Fundamentals take you a long way. Yeah, as you can tell. Yeah he just have 40 damn Thunders. Seven won the last eight games. Chet and Hartenstein figured it out but the Grizzlies are three in the last 10.


Damn. That kicked my ass ass ass ass. I was like Damn I I was thinking about the song that video the real high like factor. Oh Like damn. Shout out to Big Sean boy. What's what's better? That or the mar Gay and Chardonnay video. Ooh. Oh no bro. Don't I hate these nigga. Shout Big Sean. Throw ass ass ass ass ass as bro be having reflected Sean Williams said donations jet, what's popping story time for the 10? That is crazy bro. Told y'all I was like a ass a comedian bro.


Tell me a joke bro. I don't don't They don't listen bro. We don't make up stories bro. We don't come in here and say yeah People think it's fake. Yeah We don't come here and say hey tell that story Jeff. Yeah we have organic conversations. Y'all thought we talked prep for Big Sean conversation this morning But I told y'all people really think our show is scripted bro. No bro, we don't do that. It's crazy bro. I got some news for you like that Gatorade story that Literally Michael wish Michael wish a Scripted show. We probably would have way more Just everything. Yeah we would be the pivot that that's said structure. What are you guys teaching? The people Man, y'all hate him.


I love Mike man. That's my guy. Shout to Freaky mike man. For sure. James Hardt man speak the devil 50 piece yesterday after from League Beastly said he was easy to guard. He found out for sure they took care of the Pistons yesterday. 1 23 to one 15 again James Harden Fitty piece. Wonder why he said that though. But the thing about Malik Beasley, you've never been known as a defender. That's like me saying that. Yeah I can guard him nigga you've never been a good defender. It's like Malik last year with the buck saying yeah we can't wait to see them in the playoffs and then he got cooked against the Pacers like Malik, you're having the hell of a year though. Hoop out. Oh you hooping but you was definitely not known for defense. That's the last thing I would never, I say everybody code you all You know is for shooting threes my boy, I would never Ty Lou Bryce says sickle bro.


Yeah, He James James Do that at this point in his career bro. That was like bro you got be fucked up. That Was personal. James was probably like boy Bitch back boy who talking Toss. That was pregame. He about kill this. That's crazy bro. That is hard to disrespect somebody like that for no reason Bro. Come on man. He hard. He ain't that hard to guard. I mean you got your personal opinion, you probably had some success against James, whatever. I doubt it but bro that's, that's James Harden man. Come on bro. Chill bro. For sure man. Big dude. Hooped out 22 and 11, your man consisted as well. Yeah, big Zoo should have been an all star damn near.


He'd be killing what he averaging probably 15, 12. Yeah. Yeah he is having a heck of a year man. It is time. New payday. I think he just got a new deal but boy from boy Lakers definitely gave him up for nothing. Shout out to Big Zoo for real. Ain't only 27 Man. Crazy work. K went crazy yesterday. 37, 10 to seven as well. Then Schroeder hooked out with 21 and seven. That was a great pickup for Detroit. Definitely. Definitely. He fits the team very, very well. Yeah, Schroer bro. I hope he can find a home there and stay there for next year too. Know he get traded a lot. I mean he valuable piece, valuable backup guard so hopefully you can stay there. What?


Yo man James hard 50 pieces. Crazy man. Who's scoring big in NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props, money lines, you name it, DraftKings. Got it all. New customers, now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus. Best easily. Take us to the record to DraftKings sports book where every point counts. Download the app today, use Code Club five 20. Yes, that's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets for just five bucks. Only on DraftKings the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g dot coast slash audio.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live for All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their era And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page Five dirt four. Paige is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad at my left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the the list as not just the shooter but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe and Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel and Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda bti. So if you want keep up with us and here is your app. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


K Cunningham winning. It most improved. I don't like that. I mean he's having, he had a great year but I'm gonna go with Norman Powell. He might be the oldest, most improved but he, he having a heck of a year too. He missed too many games. I think the last game that he missed. Well, damn Norman missed cut up. Yeah, you you fucked it up. Fucked it bag up. So most K deserve it. K will be all NBA. Yeah he he'll be honored the right way. Don't give him MIP give back man. All NBAI Love MIP though too because you, you helping bringing that like the franchise is improving. Your game is getting better. You getting a little bit more respect around the league. Like it's one of the ones but If you a 20 point scorer already, did you really improve? I mean you got better obviously we see he got better but I Think that's more of a team thing too bro.


But I'm saying is he really like most improved? I mean he averaged 20 last year, You know, more pick. That's What I'm trying to think. It's more of a team thing though. He averaged 20 now I'm averaging 25. That's a leap in the NBA. Yeah. Like that ain't really that. Yeah bro, he and he the Number one pick. That's the jump you supposed to make. And respectfully, that's beneath him bro. He's an all star RNBA player bro. He don't give a damn about the MIP give it to somebody who probably made a drastic change bro. That's K coming him. Lemme think who made a drastic jump this year? I don't know. Yeah, If P would definitely should've wondered for me. He did get, yeah, he could've stayed. Maybe like let's go. Can see who was some candidates for sure. And my P candidates, RJ Barrett, Tyler Hero a man Thompson Gimme.


Yeah, I'm, I'll say Dyson Daniels, Jalen Williams, Victor Eliana. Hell nah. I'm gonna tell you. I'll take Dyson Daniels or, or Tom Jalen Williams made a big jump too though. Hell Yeah. Yeah, I'll take Dyson Daniels or Jalen Williams. I wish that P could have got it 'cause he's, he should get it. Yeah, for sure. Hey man, shout out to the Clippers though. Couple games that took place last night as well. See, hey y'all, You know what I'm saying? Go through Timber W Beat the Hornets 1 25 to one 10. AE had 29 6, Jr had 29, 10 and nine. Jay Mc Downs had 29 and 10 as well. That's a hell of a, that's a hell of a trio right there.


Yeah. God damn. Everybody was hooping out yesterday. Lalo 28, 10 and six and Bridges had 23 and nine and y'all see LaVar, LaVar, what's his name? LaVar Ball? Yeah. Damn. I ain't know he lost his foot. Yeah. Oh yeah is happening. Damn. I'm sorry about that to LaVar. Nah for sure that Like he was in good spirits though. Nah, he, yeah, but he back joking and stuff. Well but man, shout to LaVar man. Damn I hate that though man. Yeah, we don't know what happened but prayers after for LaVar. Man. We still rocking with you nasty. For sure. Yeah for sure. Built to as situation Bucks took care the mask 1 37 to 1 0 7 Yos 32, 15 to four. Joined that 20 K club last night with the crazy performance Dame 34 and five and Clay Thompson had a vintage game with 28, 20 k points for Giannis.


Yeah, it's a lot of points man. Lot of buckets. Nah, shout out to Giannis though. That's a big feat to overcome in the league. Yeah. What year is this field? I be like least 10 plus 10 For sure. That's hard. 20 K is crazy. Lot of buckets. Won't wanna go to his free throw with the spirits Though. Hopefully he can get up to 40, do another 10 in the League. 11. 11? Yeah man, dang well Honest. Will probably be at 20 5K points if he made free throws. I'm sure he missed 4,000. Nah, I'm wild. 4,000 a lot Miss free throw. I mean Shit. How I mean you, You probably missed at least 3 2500.


Ah shit, I, I would be surprised if it's, it is lower than that Shit. He's 70%, 69% 2100. Damn. 2100. 2100. Damn. Damn. Shout out to the Greek freak man. 20 K 20. Yeah shout to him for sure. Wizards beat the jazz yesterday. 1 25 to 1 22 the tank off for show Jazz said we will capture the flag. Alright man. A couple games tonight we wanna see how y'all feeling about Yeah the wizard is crazy. 1 25 to 1 22 is crazy like They throwing in the towel man Bro, I don't know what I'd do if I like I nevermind.


Nah, you wouldn't care if you're getting paid. Yeah I would bro. Like at some point At this point of the, at this point of the year though bro. I'm saying yeah in March. Nah, I'm too much of, I I never, I never been in a situation when I was was on a losing team. I Was hurt. You've never been on a team this bad? No, I was hurt in Minnesota so I didn't care that we, I was having surgery so I wasn't there but that was it. Yeah, I mean yeah your career for sure you ain't never been a part of. I Ain't know what that feel like. Like yeah this shit over but like yeah like with 20 games left. Yeah bro Bro it was over at Christmas. Yeah like what does that feel like bro Hit the group tray. What we doing in June? Y'all We can book now? Yeah we will be there.


That's the word. That is crazy. May 1st we'll be available for sure. I wonder like how Chris Middleton feel. Oh that's a drastic change. Yeah like you always been competing for like playoffs. I'm like Competing for something. It's probably good for him 'cause he can probably get his ankles right. He probably like yeah I can get ready for next year but like Mentally he probably don't like it. He don't like the state that the team is in. For sure. Yeah I might, he deserves better. I might have to hit Chris up man. Like what? It's a him to the night watch boy to die. Yeah. That's crazy man. Get Well Soon for sure. A couple games tonight. Wanna see how I feel about Bulls at Magic? Y'all like the Bulls but I'm rolling with the Magic.


I don't like the Bulls. Nah man they ain't one of y'all teams no more. Nah ain Never on my team the Bulls always win games. I picked them not to win. I'm not picking 'em tonight so I'm going with the magic respect. God Pacers a Hawks. Hawks. You know how that hey You know how that club gets you Young blood A town low Sean Paul you don't give a damn you Don't give. Niggas went out last night man. Yeah. Hey you outta pocket man. I know them Pacer boys went out. They went out Boy. Yeah. Have you seen our team? No they was not. Yeah they were. They went a pink pony. I don't know what that is. The real be Rads. You don. Damn we don't give Told y'all run. That's Cathedral. Hey man we don't play back with that game tonight by the way too so. Oh yeah. Yeah we gonna play back with it tonight so for sure Keep it cute.


76 ERs at Celtics. I ain't even say that. We were supposed to be on playback with that but out to the Sixers 76 ERs really did fuck up a lot of national TV games. Yeah we should have did the Knicks, Lakers? Nah, shit they at Lakers. That's why we didn't that. Oh. Oh they at Lakers? Yeah I won't be there. I'll be past out. Yeah we know what time it's it's squad for sure. Warriors at Nets. Warriors Rockets at Pelicans. The Game rockets though. Trey killed him. Mike bro, Let's go Zion. Oh okay. I'm gonna go rockets. Knicks at Lakers Cab player. No we want the Lake show Lakes. Yeah Lakers for sure.


Alright, super chat. You see hardest manipulation of the zero step everywhere and his low pickup gathers to the rim of his step backs. Is he most influential guard? Is he low key? The most influential guard? Oh his. He definitely has his influence on that. I mean he, yeah he definitely put left his print on the game but most influential, no I'm gonna say Allen Iverson or Steph Curry just based off the way people play like Iversson obviously people were doing crossovers but Iversson made it a thing like everybody had to have a crossover. Steph Curry made it cool to be a small guard and be able to shoot like if you could shoot, you could play in the way he cut, move, handles past all that stuff.


But I feel him, I understand what he's saying with all the picking up the low points and all that stuff like bumps and all that stuff that James Haren was doing. But I mean it's a good debate. Yeah, for sure. Jamal asked Jeff, you think Giannis is better than LeBron? Like you said on the OGs podcast. Who? I said Bian is better than LeBron boy. I ain't say that shit. So I'm gonna have to check the receipts on that one. We'll report back on that with Jamal. I don't know boy, I probably said more dominant probably knowing you. You probably, I probably was Man you probably shook around with that. It probably, it probably was early. Said that's how we did the OG podcast to be fair, respected. Shout to the OGs. That is a heavy edited podcast by the way.


So I don't remember it really. It really is. That ain't so there's no tell. That's why there's a No I would rumor that conversation. What's I'm saying he was better than LeBron like at that at this moment. Probably at that time probably session but But you read me, you say some shit and Yeah, I don't remember you saying, yeah, I'll probably say I'll take Giannis. I I I could remember probably saying I'll take Giannis over LeBron right now. Yeah and yeah I'll still take Giannis over LeBron right now. Like what? Fuck we talking? Yeah. Alright. Giannis is 29 30 LeBron's 40. Yeah. Matthew Math, the out-of-pocket variety show asked if y'all were GMs of Detroit, how would y'all come as cage to state once this contract ended? If Dallas can't survive trade Luca Detroit for show can't lose K.


I think those are two solid separate situations. Brother K would be in Detroit as long as they're gonna pay him that max deal. So it is different. I think Kade is American. We look at like we care about certain stuff differently. Like they couldn't understand Luca in Dallas like he a foreigner like yeah they drink beer, smoke, hookah, cigarettes, all that's their culture. Yeah. Yeah. And some people just couldn't mix with it. Like Nico or whoever the owners, they just couldn't understand like how you're professional athlete, you drink beer, smoke hookah and do all this stuff. Well overseas they smoke cigarettes at half time.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like it's just a different thing. So I don't know. Nah, I think K he he wants to be great. He understands Detroit understand that Kade is they they guy is they all NBA player. He gonna be around for a while. Keep him happy. Gimme another piece that he can hoop with in the future and y'all be all right man. For sure. K locked in with Detroit. Next question. A DJ and Jeff y'all nigga. Shit I be good for. Who had the most One of the Hawks and pacers we had injuries bro. Jalen Johnson went out bro. It didn't matter but shout out to the Hawks. We said it was a Trey Young verse Tyler, what was it?


The boy name, Tyrese Hall. Barton Tyrese Hall Burton and then AKA versus Jalen Johnson. Yep. But Jalen went out with the shoulder. Yeah I got that one though. Shout out to the Pacers man. What I'm about to turn, I'm about turn his bro. What? What's his name? Raymond appreciate you Rayon about Toban Him The gate banned him from the chat up the gate. Slide 25 for sure man, very five buckets be here. Who was getting to it yesterday? Man, James harden off the strength of middle league being out pocket man it just an automatic for me.


Even if you would've had 30, I'm still taking you 50 piece for sure. Oh man I'm going SGA man 41 piece yesterday something slight. Man I'm going with my homeboys man. The Celtics Peyton Pritchard, my boy Harry Belafonte. Man That's crazy. They went crazy. Harry B and who we say and Paul Wall, Harry B and Paul Wall went crazy last night. Man. Somebody pick Stitch you, we need it. Harry B and Paul Wall for sure man. Last for certain. My boy K went crazy yesterday 37, 10 and seven. He went insane. Be here, Get Well Soon. Who need some encouragement this Thursday morning Man I guess my hornets man.


11 out of 12, man we we tanking though. That's all love Boys. Boys. Woo about get Wilson goes to the MAs man load up to Drake. We got the eh. Yeah everybody in Dallas says who being bro. Okay. Russian team Mar bro. That's what I be talking about bro. Well if you didn't see that, there's nobody on the fucking Dallas Mave bitch. Everybody's hurt. That's just crazy. We set the train, pull the video kiss came when he laid down on the bench.


Ain't nobody there bro. It really ain't nobody on the bench bro. That shit's crazy. Damn man. Shouts to Dallas Man bro. They got two people on the bench. It's Not even about to be nobody in that arena. It's about to look like that in the crowd For sure. What if they trade Izzy Davidson off season? I ain't surprised bro. Bro, he really got two people on the bench. So franchise said trends Got 10 names. Yeah. Oh they shit. Yeah. Oh For Sure. Yeah I can go out there and do whatever they did. They gotta be. Oh man, My boy for a wild Look that bitch emp, you can't even damp nobody up. Damn.


Hey free clay man. He needs time for this bullshit man. Oh Boy. Just living in the moment man. Playing Tropic For sure Jackie Moon fry and last but certain, not least Get Well Soon to the Blazers for giving up two 40 pieces in one night. That is insane with nobody doing shit yesterday even though it was a close game, which is crazy. What was that? The train. Alright, B here. People trying to waste some money going into the weekend. What you got for him? LeBron 25. Nope, Kat and I playing. They put him on my slip so they going avoid that. Okay. Palo 25, Jalen Brown, 20. I'm gonna rock with Tyree. Halliburton tonight at 25. Nope, against the Hawks. He gonna kill them. Steph Curry 20, Trey Murphy 20.


It's gonna be remixed a little bit, but 500 was supposed to win you 30 K if a Kat was playing Okay, 500 possibly get you 30 K.


Listen man, draft King, You know the promo code Club five 20 baby, who's the Crown? Be here. It's always yours, Kings. It's never hers. Respect For sure.


We appreciate y'all. We'll be back Monday morning. It's five 20 In The Morning. The Volume. Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry.


We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five dirt, four Aja is a lead. Okay, you won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so Tough. That's why we tap these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the king of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March 6th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours In The Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.