
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal, you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games, Go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal. Download the app. Now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring, Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The championship is back in the bay for the first time in 40 years. On the new limited podcast series Dub Dynasty, we hear from head coach Steve Kerr on how Steph Curry almost never even joined the Warriors. In fact, I thought we had a draft day deal to end up getting him to Phoenix For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesday. It's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells Got a full house this morning. We got Bishop. We got Nacho. Five 20 MOOC Fellows. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening brother? I'm happening bro up though. Come on man. The regular season has concluded for sure. We got the five 20 awards today. Man. We about to have some fun but first things first man. Get well soon to coach Bud. Man. He got fired yesterday man. After only one year with the squad. Yep Man. One and done the real one and done no move. We talked about this about December, January, February, March. If there was a possibility with how bad they did, they might fire him and you called it.


Yeah, I knew he was out there. Go ahead get on your boat. Think he still live in Milwaukee. Probably bought a house in Arizona. So Arizona got better weather. Probably stay out in Arizona. I think he from, he from Arizona actually. So he probably gonna be at the crib chilling. You about to get paid 10 years for the next four years. Yeah, I mean 10 mil for the next four years. Yeah. If he don't get another coaching job he gets 10 s. Oh, he already said he don't want one. Yeah, Bobby said he done, he said I'm cool. I'm going and chill. Yeah, That's respect. He Done enough Immediately. He done enough. But I Fuck with that. Nah. And I work with Abe don't play with my money y'all. I ain't in no jobs, no run it. That's hard. Shout to coach Bud. Man. I know Jeff don't be lying. He wants to sit on the boat. Yeah bro.


He about to go sit on the boat and chill bro. He not worried about none of this. I mean like I know on here says that reports say he hard to work with and I mean a lot of people say that and I played for Coach Bud. He's, he's interest, he interesting. You know what I mean? You gotta have a good rapport with him. He was cool with me because I grew up with my pops being kind of like a, You know Drill sergeant Kind of, You know what I mean? So him one way wanting you to play a certain way and doing things a certain way. I was used to it but he came from the pop system. Yeah. So that's how Pop was like. Yeah. The system over you every time. Yeah, every single time.


And a lot of guys never played in that system. So you got a Devin Booker who played for Earl Watson who's like an empowering coach, want you to be yourself. I don't care about wins and losses killed. Then you got Mon Williams who was like a different coach who probably was empowered but More of a balance for Monte. Yeah. Yeah. Bud come it is like, hey we doing it this way, this way works. If you don't believe in it, fuck you. Yeah bud need to go coach college if he gonna coach. Yeah. He like he he a great NBA mind, but that's his way. Like we gonna do it this way. I understand but we gonna do it this way. Yeah, yeah. I get you. But nah, it's hard Telling a nigga that making 200 million to pass the ball bro. Set a screen. Yeah.


Or or I'm making 25 million a year and you like this rookie's playing good. We're gonna, we're gonna try to get a rookie a chance. It like what? Like he would do that. Like you seen Ch and Matt? Yeah he came on to 10 days was a niggas diner play 20 minutes a game for us. Yeah. Hell my boy get a bag. I feel like That's better though. He actually coaching bro. He Not just sitting here. That's what I'm saying. He should go to, he should go to college. But it's hard merging those two bro. When somebody's already making all that kind of money. The ego. I'm a superstar and you telling me to do it for the team. Yeah and he stamped bro. He did some good shit bro. He's stamp bro. But if that's not your vibe it is. But he got your vibe got stamped with under man talent. Like our team was the perfect team for him because we ain't had no superstar.


So we had to buy into everything he said just to make our group work. Yeah, yeah. Now you go Coach Giannis all these superstar, they like hey man. Yeah I'm not about to be coming out for a second round pick Facts bro Because I ain't pass the ball to the corner. You could do that with us. Yeah because also you was just, You know Gianni as the, I don't think he do that with Y'all bro. Jeff would be mad as hell. I was but he did That. He did it. They won. I ain't had no pool. Like Dennis would be subbing in for me. You like bro, I only played 25 minutes tonight. And he like okay we won the game. What are you talking about? Yeah. And you was like, but that's the shit Pop would do. Pop will take Tony Parker out for this long and big. Ain't saying nothing of Pop.


And he, he had that same pop energy but shit it is a new dang age. You take Kevin Durant out. KD won Smack the shit out. Yeah He shit you Charlie, Jill Devvin Booker. We better do that with Tyler. You listening now of time just say's different lamb got people Hall of Fame, hall of Fame. Yeah. Wasn't nobody really lit on our team. Nobody better All Star team yet. Nah, they used to establish everybody got shoes man, come on. I said College might be the best fit. Nah, he had, what makes it funny is he said want college bro you can't tell a 200 a million dollar player to take minutes. He told they franchise player to shut up in huddles. Say Id book I feel you. But shut that shit up. I, I like it because he don't care. That's no way It's gonna work bro. Don't care. I get it. But you it is personnel bro.


Facts. That's what I'm saying. But that's Bud though. Like hey, hey you're doing a lot in the huddles. Like we don't need, I got it. I swear I know that's him. That's, that's how he was with us. I said Okay bud, you'll be outta here. Some Don't like we used to. I'll be real quiet. You can't grab Bud a clipboard. Who? Who do you Think You are like sit down. Like I knew that wasn't going work but shout out to Bud 'cause you got a lot of money to sit at the crib now and that's all you wanted to do anyway bro. You wanna just enjoy your family. That's A way to be yourself and still get paid. The funny Part about it is reportedly he went to Brian be saying, I need you to be more like Drew Holiday happy. Say hey bro, who you talking to? I can see that.


That's the whole tell me though. Like what? Because Drew is amazing player. I played nothing like that. That's not my swag dude. I don't guard. Tell me the chess bump niggas 94 feet. I don't guard like that. I don't play in the dunker. I don't do like that's what I'm saying. He was, I told him he should went left to Milwaukee and go take the pacer job. 'cause the Pacers was a team that didn't have no superstars. There You go. They was, they was basically the hawks and you coulda did whatever you wanted with 'em. Yep. You could have molded it however you wanted. Everybody had to fall in line. You just won a championship and you could have molded that team however you wanted. That's a fact. Yeah, that's true. But now you went gone fuck with all these superstars. Yeah, I told you he don't do well with a lot of great players.


Man, I, I'm living proof man. He did it for the bag man. Wow. Of course. Why wouldn't he? For sure. Now it says a lot about the sons third year in a row they had to change head coaching, which is crazy. And they have not had a consistent coach for over five years since the 87 season. Hey man, do we need what's up with the Suns? I know they about to blow his entire team up but at some point, You know Dave Jones's got a lot of love for getting that team to the finals. What do they do now? Like how do you rebuild? Go look at the history of the Suns before Charles Barkley got there. It was a, that's a wild franchise. Like y'all just get bored one day. Boy they was selling coke, they was doing all type of shit before Charles Barkley and Kevin Johnson got there.


It was a wild franchise. They was selling coke bro. Man they had drug busts. Man go look it up if y'all think I'm lying, y'all disrespect the horns. Look what they was going. It's a, they was really trap. It's a wild history for Charles Barkley and Kevin Johnson out there. But shout to Somebody gotta bad boys though. Yeah, but I'm saying so might be just a trickle down effect from back in the days. Like shit just came right out. That's Said the best PAC was anyway, it was Arizona Child said to grow us for up. It might be just be a bad trickle down effect. But I think when they let Monty Williams go and that group Chris Paul and all them and they went and Trey for Kevin DUR round. I think that was the recipe for disaster for Phoenix. Be honest, you let your two young wings go for Kevin Durant who's a, You know hall of Fame player, one of the best to ever do it.


But y'all had a cool nucleus with the number one pig and Deandre eight and them two wings and you basically broke it up for You know a championship, a run at a championship bitch y'all had already made. Yeah, I didn't understand it but all was good And people still feel ways about them getting Aiden that won. Yeah, I mean instead of he had Luca. Yeah who they coulda got, they went and got Luca's coach there and everything. Yeah, I mean but Aiden ain't look like a bad pick at, I mean he wasn't he not a bad player. He was not a bad pick at the time. Made to the chip. Yeah. Yeah. And his smoke only came when Monty Williams wasn't rocking with him because before that we had high hopes for him obviously. Yeah. They went to the chip and they broke up. They chip team a shout to Dallas.


Yeah. Yeah. That's they fault bro. They they should have kept that together. Yeah you gave Up Kev Johnson, Mike K. Bridges, there's nothing They need to add a piece or something and build off that. They gave it up for KD who about to leave. Yeah. Yeah. And y'all didn't get nothing out of it. Kd y'all didn't do nothing And y'all didn't signed cp. Yeah y'all just, Yeah they should have kept cp they that team when they had CP and KD and them they, they was like ain't no though, they just end up trading. They got Bradley Bill. I looked up something on it. Yeah that give welcome to the sons for show. Speaking of making some moves. Pelicans fire David Griffin. So looking about going to go go in a different direction now. He was dude man he's overdue now.


What we gonna do now? Is it Tom Trade Z? Yeah. Going free Freak Z Free my boy man it's time for him to start being great bro. Yeah. Being who he Need to be. They need to just revamp that whole thing like find, I mean Zion's still a great player but they need to find like a Cooper flag on New Orleans. There you go. Damn. Damn. Okay. That's what it's gonna be 'cause the NBA gotta do something to keep New Orleans relevant or they gonna have to move Something So they gonna trade Zion over the summer they got to and then Cooper flag they gonna build around Cooper flag. It gotta be something like that. I like That. I love that for Zion bro. I wanna see 'em play some quality basketball Or unless they got a 'cause ain.


You gonna move people outta New Orleans? Nobody go to New Orleans. That's true. That's real. You got CJ McCullum you need to move. They just tried to move on from bi so it's time to Yeah move him Too. BZ bro. Yeah man. I mean you can't, I mean he plays so well when he play it is like damn I hate to give him up but shit he don't play in New Orleans so. And it's reported that y'all held him out for very reason. So which y like to see him at. I know obviously it's off subject but what's a good team that could use on obviously Denver or any team could but anybody Atlanta. Yeah him and Trey pick road be crazy. Yeah we just need to know. I don't know though. He might crash out in Atlanta. He probably, he's gonna be filthy. Well we know he can't go to Dallas that That nigga need 24 7. Security Is off his is off the court.


Tics might be a little vicious. You are you tall Jazz on that. Some wild places. You know Zon go for the juggler. He go for them thick. You gotta be careful in the a boy fuck around. Get around with Samuel on accident. Well Martin say look at the sky. Look at the sky. Lemme see Your wing. But he gonna be all right though because if you go there it is expected kind of like, You know what I mean. Like you can go to the gentleman's club and be all right in Atlanta. Yeah free Z Man. It's time for me to play some, some me for basketball for sure man. Alright man. Couple season awards. It's concluded once.


See here, I feel about some of these candidates for most improved. Dyson Daniels Big Zoo or Kade Cunningham. Big Zoo. Big Zoo man. Big Zoo Big. Yeah I'm going with Zoo but y'all, y'all got my boy fucked up. K Cunningham? Nah, Dyson. Dyson. Y'all know who didn't make the list. Oh And peasy play enough game But I respect the list it's going for Ivan with me though. Mm. Yeah if Norman Powell was available he definitely, probably would be included in that I think. Yeah like you said the unfortunately he missed too many Gaines but Dyson Davis need some love too man. But I think he gonna get his just due later for sure. Six minute a year. Peyton Prichard, Peyton Prichard Payton Pri Beasley Russell Westbrook.


Peyton Pri. Yeah Malik been killing y'all. Pri been killing. He has though. I I agree with y'all. Yeah. Payton Prichard, Malik Beasley though definitely went crazy. 300 threes off the bench is tough. He, he helped him a lot. How many Peyton hit off the bench? I'm sure he hit a lot. He probably got three. I know be was Number two three Peyton, Peyton probably got a high two. Yeah let's our that for sure. Malik Beasley hit a lot. He was Yeah. Let's see Don't matter defensive player of the year.


Yeah we'll move on. We'll for sure. But y'all rolling with Peyton Pritchard though since Made of the year. Yeah I ain't at that at all. Contributed at a high level for sure. Clutch Player of the Year. You got Jalen Brunson, Trey Young or Yolk Joker. Joker. Yeah Joker did more or less Now for the clutches, You know what I'm saying? It's come through end of the game. Yeah, solid. That's what I'm saying like Okay you want be It. It depended on the game. Depended on me from the jump to the end. Yeah I'm thinking If I come out, shit go to I'm Pledge whole Game Shit every night. Yes. That's the only person I swear to God I feel like they played every game that we had this show bro.


We talked about Yoic all year long bro. The season is over y'all. Did he have a bad game this year? No. Oh No. Every night bro. Let's go to his season total please bro. He Killed every night For anything. Yeah I I think Yoko might have Damer average a triple double bro. Which is average, scary average. He average triple double bro. That's that's crazy bro. 30 12 and 10 bro. And I'm shooting 57% because he pull up for a Trey too And that's the reason why I'm talking about your baby day on this show because he be who fucking hoop it. Yeah. Yeah I ain't at that. I'm clutcher. I gotta be for sure Coach of the Year. Boom Mark man. Okay. JB Bickers.


JB Bickerstaff. Yeah I'm taking, I'm taking Kenny. Kenny had a hell of a year but that was a playoff team last year. He just upped him. He kind of had that Mark Jackson, Steve Ker effect, I guess they was a quality team. He came and made 'em a great team. JB Bickerstaff was handed a piece of shit and turned it into gold like they were ass last year. But They got some new players This year. They were, they got Tobias and all them but they were bad. That was a Different team. Nah, they was terrible And we had no expectations for Detroit Pistons getting Tobias Harris facts, Malik Beasley. We was like okay. Yeah Thompson played outta his body. Tim Hardaway We was just like everybody they got, we kind of really they was written off in the league facts if you're being honest Facts like nobody was really, Especially Malik Beasley.


Yeah nobody was really checking for Tobias Harris like when he got that deal we all like damn Tobias know how to get some money but nobody was excited. Philly was like, oh yeah they, he trick y'all too. And then Malik Beasley we, I ain't gonna lie, nobody was checking for him and Tim Hardaway he he Nobody was checking for None of them. Nah he wasn't productive of it in a while but it But they got a opportunity. Yeah JB believed in them and now they back and now I'm about to some of them about to get big deals. He about to get paid on me. That's Fire solidify the bag for his play this season. For sure. Yeah he about to get paid. I wouldn't be surprised Tim Hardaway get an extension or something, You know what I mean? Like they played well for them. Yeah. So that's my Coach of the Year.


He did a hell of a job getting that group going 'cause nobody expected shit in Detroit. For sure. That's a fact. And a lot of people we we joked right here how you was talking about ain't no hoodies, none, none of that durag shit. Yeah remember trying to coach Carter them but it worked. Yeah he set the tone for sure. Like you said Kenny Jackson get some love too 'cause like you said I did take your old squad bro and took him to the next level. Yeah Facts but man like you said KC Mo ain't getting no love man. Hey We top in the league bro Did this when you do it like when you do it back to back years it kind of, You know how it is Ain. I'm a damn good coach. I do it every year. You know how I'm now I get your big consistency That's gonna say yeah it's man that shit is difficult. It is Difficult. Yeah people don't like consistency.


You know that people hey LeBron, LeBron probably should been MVP eight years in a row. That's a fact for sure. Moving on Rookie of the Year. It's Stefon Castle. Yeah. Alex R. Young Zachary Zach. Nah I'm lying. It's Stefan Castle. Yeah man. Yeah I agree Man that's pretty easy moving on. DPOY Draymond Lou dot Edmond Mobley and also add in Dyson James I'm gonna go with Dyson. Yeah my pig Dyson Dans I like Yeah bro what he did with steals this year is crazy. Unbelievable bro. Unbelievable. He averaged what damn there three steals.


Yeah Dyson Daniels defensive stats this year are disgusting bro. Bro that is, he get a jump shot. He gonna be so good. That's all he gotta do is be able to shoot and the crazy thing, look at his shooting percentage, he still, the nigga don't really miss gonna say he don't, he shoot damn near 50% from the field, he just can't shoot threes. Yeah Dera blocker game three steals. Yeah that's crazy. And that show like him deflection and stuff, he's like top three in that Three steals is crazy bro. Bro you are. He after You in crazy shape bro. Should be guard With him boy. He it is still gonna be 99. That's a padlock bro.


Got a storm door. That being his nickname. It's crazy. The storm door Three steals a game bro. You playing outta your body bro. Bro don't Dribble around me. You don't. He said no dribble around Man. You get five boards. Yes bro. He still, you a crash out bro. You a crash out get 14 a game. He Four, he y'all would die for a player like that on y'all too. I swear he just want to lock up if He get his three point percent shit still get 14 bro. If he get his 3.2 sentence to like 37 and he shoot like four or five a game, like at least five threes a game. He going to be up. He on average 18, he gonna get paid bro. Who he get that three up to like five a game. 37. He Gotta get that free throw up boy you shooting like the white.


He can't, he can't shoot at all. Nah. Yes he 6% them 49% no S Smart Dyson but you probably them as booms after the steal Transition buckets Now you hate on the 14 breaking down now. I'm rocking, I'm rocking bro. Anybody get three steals a game bro. And that's on average. The league probably had six, seven. Oh he had some. Yeah he had a game but he had six. It's like alright bro. Yeah that's crazy. So shout out to Dyson for sure. For sure man. Shout out to Dyson Daniels who's scoring big in the NBA this season You are.


With all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus bets instantly Take it to the Wrack with DraftKings sports book where every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey, Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step, not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph Has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this Magical Warriors ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


We ready to fight? I'm ready to fight. And you ready to fight? Is that, is that what I thought it was? Oh, this is fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer


back. Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. And that's what we are doing on fighting words. We're not gonna let anyone silence us. That's The reason why they're banning books like yours, George. That's the reason why they're trying to stop the teaching of black history, of queer history. Any history that challenges the whitewash norm Or put us in a box. Black people have never ever depended on the so-called mainstream to support us. That's why we are great. We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast


And we'll save MVP for another time man. But let's talk about your Hawks man. What they gotta do tonight to get the dub against the Magic Play in. I can't believe we not watching this game, but You can flip the channel. They gotta, they gotta have a, they gotta have a team effort. Young Zack gotta play well. Okay. He gotta make shots. He been on a tear lately. He has some 30 point games. But I mean, it all start with Trey Young 24 and 11, but Trey gonna have to be 35 and 10 a night. Okay. You gotta be dynamic for us to beat them. That's a big team. I Got the Hawks tonight, I'll fuck with that. Yeah, but they playing at Orlando.


Trey gonna have to be special For sure. Man. Paolo ain't going. Paolo my guy man. I, I roll with the magic but I just, I don't know man. I wanna see Trey in the playoffs bro. Trey show up every time in moments like this though, so Know he does. Yeah, I wanna see Tre in the Playoffs. You don't have to be special tonight. Ger. Now that's the thing about the magic boy. When they two stars show up though. If they show up tonight, that's a hug. It could get ugly showing Wicked bro. I ain't no fool bro. I ain't no fool. Fries is pulling up. They'll be in the building bro. Yeah, it is gonna be their defense verse our offense. Yeah. Yep. I mean we can score the ball but can Dyson make it tough on Paolo?


No, I too small bro. Yeah, he he's too ball. He is but I mean he gotta guard somebody. He Elbow him on top of his head too. The, they a big team. Magic I Wish had Jaylen Suggs. Yeah, they'd be, they wouldn't be in this position if they had Suggs. Nah. Right. That's a fact. Ooh. Paolos a tough man. I, but I want, I'd rather see Tre though. I like seeing Tre more the playoffs. Yeah. Kind of boring. Yeah. You know he get to it but Yeah, Tre Young is going to shoot volleyball on threes and disrespect People throw Doms. Yeah. Yeah. And shoot dice in the middle of the guard. Yeah, Go though. But yeah, the Magic Man P five, he's different for sure.


But I think the one, like you said, the Dyson Daniels effect man. Like you said, unfortunately with Milos guards not being the best are all there. So if he can get the freelance a little bit or he get the help on that double, it's gonna get ugly. Yeah, that might be that recipe for win. But it's gonna be tough for young Zack. I mean he probably gonna match up against Fry or probably P five or whatever. Mm. Yeah, you gonna have to throw some doubles. Yeah, he gonna need some help too bro. Yeah. Yeah. He could get wicked for sure. But like you said, high power offense from one of the best defense in the league. We still see Indeed Grizzlies and Warriors night. Man this might be a hell of a game. I don't, for some reason I feel like the Grizzlies might beat them bro. I don't know why. Yeah, that's why I got to, I've been seen as a growing consist.


A lot of people are taking the Grizzlies in the situation. I feel Like they might get them outta here. That's why I got, I'm taking the Grizzlies too. Oh. Everybody gonna Grizzlies, I got Grizz. Oh. I'm, I'm, I'm Wardell. They on my leg tonight. I Get it. But I just feel like they going to get 'em bro. Yeah, I got the Grizzlies. It's gonna be a hell of a game. They playing at saying friend though. Yeah. Nah, I got the Warriors. Yeah. They ain't got Warriors. Yeah. Wardell's at home bro. I got the Warrior. That's what playing though, huh? Yeah. If, if Memphis was at home I, I'd feel differently as well. Yeah. I'm gonna go with the Warriors at home. I'm staying, I'm locked in. Let's go. Ja. Okay For the Grizz. What this game, what they guy do? Stop Wardell flat Out.


Shit, everybody gotta play like Dyson Ds. Good luck. I I hope he, he missing a night. Yeah, They better. They just gotta pray. He bricking. There's nothing they can do. No double team, no nothing. It's ugly. No team. Somebody shooting a half quarter. Why Is Jimmy go crazy on these nigga He need To shit. Yeah, the Warriors gonna win tonight. He need To Jimmy mess around go stupid. But I'm sticking with the Guns. Okay Now for the Grizzlies. Obviously not they can't stop them but what do the Warriors have to do to stop the grizzly tonight? I don't think really nothing bro. Play that game. Yeah they just gotta, they gotta make Ja see bodies, You know he gonna penetrate get to the cup. He been making the three a little more consistent lately.


But you cut Ja head off like the head of they snake is Ja. You cut him up, you make it tough on Ja. Yeah. I'd rather have him shooting threes though, even though he been hitting him. But you cut, you cut that head off on that snake so it's pretty much over with. Yeah, they dead without. Without Ja. Okay Now outside of Ja having a good game, who's gotta be the person to Grs to step up to get them to win? I mean Jar, he better play Good Bang gonna have to hit some shots. Okay. I mean it's gonna have to be a collective bro. Okay. Yeah. Y'all gonna need some help. Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah I was thinking Triple J too 'cause we talking about the Warriors lack of size down low. He gonna have to dominate. But Draymond, He going ain't going bro. Draymond gonna X him out. Yeah.


You know that's that. That Spartan Michigan State. Yeah he gonna ask him out. It's gonna be a rough night for Jaron Jackson so I ain't worried about him. Okay. He is gotta be dba. He the only one. Ja obviously. Ja got that. I don't give a damn attitude too. But DBA really don't give a fuck. He talk crazy to everybody. He trying to score on everybody and he really don't give a damn. And He nice. Yeah he nice as shit. Yeah. One of their most consistent players has been in the last couple years for sure. Yeah, but can they neutralize Jimmy? I don't think they got nobody for that. Yeah. Like Who gonna guard him? That's where it get tricky. Yeah. Be here overall under Jerry Jackson rebound tonight plus six, sub six.


He gonna get six and that's it. Said take the under please Take the under nigga on rebound bro. He don't bro. And that, that had been irking me for a while bro. Since I knew him. I think he got six in him today. Pause. Oh. So that crazy. Damn. Not no sweat on. You did Triple J. These guys are childish. They in San Francisco too bro. You gotta be careful. You say something like that. These guys childish. What's that one girl name? I don't know but let's move on bro. Thought y'all nigga wanted some sponge. You, you DM me. Oh He sent it To me boss. Oh. Who? Who I send you? I I I just send you Bible quotes every day. What You call the one? She did some challenge. I forgot.


Not Dominican. Oh let's move on Planking. Alright man listen we gotta make our all five 20 teams man. We got a pool of people. We got enough I believe to make three teams. Let's go ahead and listen man. We got a choice of people. See how y'all feel man. We going to the super chat right now. Okay, now we'll we'll save the super chat. All five 20 teams man. We got a hell of a list of people here. Scroll down just a little bit. Alright, who's on the third team man. Or we can start off with the first team if you wanna make it easy for this list. Who's our, who's our starting? Who's our starting guard man for the first team by Ball. Ball. The mellow Ball.


Yeah. Okay. You rolling with that? Yeah. Okay. Mellow Ball. First team by five 20. I ain't mad at it. Mm Two guard. It's Quentin Grimes. Quentin Grimes or Kobe White? Quentin Grimes. I'm taking Kobe White man. Kobe White been hoping. Yeah I believe they your first. They should both be first team. I mean what's the 20 because five 20 is the team the person that did the most bullshit this year right? Nah, it's just us having fun. Yeah so my first team, 'cause Quentin Grimes killed all losses first team Bro. I'm rolling. He lost every night bro. Yeah, but then Kobe White does the same thing every year for the last three years when he keeps last.


Oh they see give me Jordan pool. He better than all of them. My fault I ain't he at the bottom. You Want Jordan Pool to be first team about five 20? Yeah, definitely my two guard. Him and Lamella in the back car. A one Facts. Okay. I ain't mad At it. Yeah. So we got three guards. Now we gotta get two forwards. Zion, what's the first name? Zion for sure. His first team about five 20. He on? Yeah, he on and off the court. Yeah. Yeah. He fits our brand. Yep. After five we going Walker Kessler or Isaiah Stewart? I'm going Joel and B. Joel Be Joel and Bead. I get paid. Wait, why you I get paid a lot to do Nothing. Alright cool. First team off five 20. We got the Mellow Ball. Jordan Pool, Joellen Bead, Zion, Williamson.


Wow. I'm taking B and that's my four. I don't rock when I'm the rest of them. You Said what? B and Simmons is my four. So who are you taking off your first seed for? Ben Simmons. What Do you mean? We only got four. I got five. Five players making. Yeah we got five Last five. Oh y'all put oh damn. So who is our four Zion? Dion Zion is our four. Okay. I rock with that. Okay. I ain't mad at that. That's cool. But Ben Simmons off my bench. Okay so second. Second team Just in case we win, I'm bring the shit to the club. Ja Marant second team all five 20. What Position is Zemo Beatty, whatever you want it to be Zemo on the list? Most definitely The greatest Hawk.


Yeah for sure. First second team. Ja ma Jare definitely after one number two Bradley Bill. I will not be traded Brad. You know what now now that we here I don't wanna regress but I feel like what Ja did with the celebration should put him on the first team. Yeah. Nah 'cause over Lalo Lalo just was hurt all year. No 'cause Lalo was leading him votes for the Allstar game. Yeah. And wasn't even playing. Yes I'm I'm with both of y'all with that it's just I agree with both of y'all. So I'm not J Play Lalo still lit and he didn't play at all. Yeah he really hasn't played any basketball at all. That's true. Y'all were there. Here debating me. Really like he should make the All-Star team basketball needs Laila Ball.


And y'all was like mad at me 'cause I'm like he doesn't play and then he hasn't played. How do I lead bro and I don't play. I'm the best nigga in this league. You know the people are here to see me bro. Kobe White has to be second team off five 20. Nah. Second team Bradley, bill John, I'm what kind of vibes? Kobe Bri 13 Zemo Beatty. Nah, he Zel. That's hate. Nah, Zel be Zemo should be on second team because Jeff was hate. Oh I, I'm in my three man. I'm in my three man Zemo beat. He's on team. Second team He the three because we discovered you and your highlight tables filthy. Yeah. Shout Out to your grand babies baby. They probably watch the show. Shout to the the family name Alive. The four man for me is Ben Simmons.


'cause every year we say he's about to go do something. Yeah. And we highlighted his offensive rebound. Yes. Yes man. Have an amazing year. Next year In the Five Man is Walker. Kessler most definitely shout out to Walker Kessler. Yeah. The most highlight of our show. I I'm asleep Paul George my five, I'm George, my center bro. Walker Keer the five. He had the second and most highlights he had the most highlights. You know people this high know the high show how crazy this show is bro. He led the league in blocks this year. Oh No. Hey so shout out to you Walker man. Yeah. Hell We don't care. Play the low lights. Third team.


Now shout starting that point. Bronny James for sure. Oh, Brony on this list. What Most? This this Ry my way. Okay. Bronny. I score more points to Ben Simmons this year. So he really should be above him on the list. But I'm gonna respect it. Kobe white at the two? Yes sir. Okay. First team fulfilled the parlay. Who else is left? Paul George at the three. That's what Phil was doing anyway. And then we gotta make Isaiah Stewart at the five mm And who is our four? Four? Nope, we got an open slot.


I'm gonna go with anybody. Got a four man that's been wilding or just a player that we, we should have made our five 20 list. A four. I can't think of a four. Yeah We purposely left and slopped out to see if there was anybody we missed. That's talking about anybody in chat. Oh. Somewhere we had what's my dog from Dallas that been killing Daniel Gafford? No, when everybody got hurt he started getting third. Oh. Naja Marshall. I'm rolling. Naje 13. All five 20 baby. Take advantage of the situation. That's our, that's our all NBA. Yes sir. All five 20 teams. Yeah. Shout to those who are nominated. I'm coaching the first team. Give other teams we Nah that second team is tough.


That second team is tough bro. Come on. You got B Simmons, Brad, bill and John Marant, it's up. Anzelmo, Zel, Mo. It's quiet bro. Jordan Pool. Jordan B and Zion Williamson Bro is a championship pedigree team bro. Only one of those players is going to play that game. Thanks. The other two will D your P. That was a game For sure. Alright man. Best Verified Buckets of the Season. Let's just roll through some of these. Man. Crazy, crazy scores. First off, joker went crazy April 1st against the T Wolves. 61 points. 10 rebounds, 10 assist. Boy you was a fool that day. Boy. 61, 10, 60 points. Triple. Triple doubles crazy. He has to just make us, he on here three times number Number 2D Bt bro Don't start there nbt bro.


Number two. Shay is not on here. Nah, just being real. That's I say niggas are some who made this ladies Shout to Loop White nigga. Loop man. Oh man. Running down dj. Okay That's hilarious. Yiannis. November 13th against a piss had 59, 14 and seven. Crazy. That's insane. Luca on 1215 against Golden State hat 45, 11 and 13. That's insane as well. Steph Curry on April 1st against Memphis had 52 points, 10 rebounds at eight assists. Damn Joker again on January the 23rd hat 35 points, 22 rebounds and 17 assists.


And then again Joker on March 7th had 31 points, 21 rebounds and 22 assists of these. I could just pick whatever way y'all want from Joker. 'cause obviously it doesn't matter. I'm gonna go with the 61, 10 and 10. Got to that's crazy. Or the 31, 21 and 22 is kind of crazy. That's, that's different for you to have the energy to have that many assistant rebounds is crazy bro. The reluctance. Who the funny part about, You know how hard you gotta work bro to get 10 rebounds bro. This nigga had 22 bro. He He he's crazy bro. He 22 assist bro. And he Don't have no Athletic hire. Had 22 a assist, he got a more, I ain't never had 20 assists in the game and he the center aint that damn shot.


How many, what's the most rebounds you ever had in the game? Shit, probably like eight. Damn you wasn't crashing? Nah nigga, I'm six foot 22 is crazy. Russell crashed. Yeah Russell nigga, he's six four. Chris Ball crashed. What's your excuse? King? Oh I had nine whole ass nigga. Nigga. I'm ster not mine nigga. Remember anything else? I two rebounds a game nigga. How many Two. Oh shit. What's my career high in the si. Well that's all those times you got in the game for a few minutes and had to sit back down. You probably would've Fucking up my stats with that shit. You Probably would've legit had hired in 2.4 SIS.


3 0 18 I had 18 sis game. Okay. Against the sad ass hornets. Damn he was passing the shit out that motherfucker. What year was that? 2018 18 I was in Minnesota. Damn. Oh yeah damn I was passing like that in Minnesota. That's how You know a nigga don't like passing For real. That is adjusting to your environment right there. Nah, I was always top 10 in the sis shit when I was playing. 18 is a lot of assists though. Yeah hell Yeah You went crazy that shit but yeah so we going with that one 'cause that's crazy also that that Giannis rush of pistons 60 14 to seven is crazy. Yeah but it's just not 60 10 and 10.


Yeah you Just get it for the year bro. Come On man. Verify book of the year man. Shout out to Yolk super. Chad ask Seattle de with Juli reentering his player option year. Do y'all see him staying in Minnesota all next year? If not, what team would benefit from him? He's gonna have to, he is gonna sign that player option. Yeah he gonna opt, opt in and get that bread because I just don't see nobody paying him what he's about to make this year. Unless he got a team that's willing to give him a three year deal at a lower number that he's comfortable with. But I just don't see that team. Ain't too many teams out there that need a Julius Randle to be honest. Yeah. Sign that player option my boy. Get that Bread bro. Rest. Who needs a Julius Randle Let's needle. He don't move the needle bro. He don't move the needle. No, no he's just a good glue guy.


He's just a good player. He is just A good player bro. He just needs to stay Where he at? Sign his player option. He probably need to go. I'm running down the scenes. Portland don't need him. No he don't Move the needle bro. Chicago At TL bro. Chicago might could use him. That ain't gonna do nothing bro. A TL. That'd be cool. Julius Randle still a good player. We got Jaylen Johnson. Oh he'll. BNJJ way Johnson. We don't need Him. You well soon bro. I forgot you was hurt. Yep. Yeah. Yeah he is a good player bro. A lot of people I ain't write off JR like that bro. Its the money. It's the money ain't him. He's a good player. Yeah I mean if he anybody take him for 12, 15 years, You get him for the low. Of course You can get him for a Bro.


He want some bread. He get him for 20. Yeah. I mean people will still be a little iffy on I give him a three year 60 people A little iffy on the 20 brother. Yeah Bro. He worth three years. 60. I Mean he's worth that but he just don't do nothing. He Don't move the needle bro. You like we not have to look At Minnesota bro. What you want him to do bro? I it is not him. It is him but it just, He Just It is is No he just not he productive but it just don't matter. It don't matter bro. He's gonna get his little numbers but it don't matter. So his 20 and nine now it is not meaningful. It's like Kevin love's 20 when he was in Minnesota like Kevin Love like you but it's like whatever. Ain't that a bitch. He cold Though. But it's Just like, think about it, Kevin Love 18 was more effective LeBron and them than his 30 in Minnesota.


Nobody cared about his 30 In Minnesota and he was going crazy in Minnesota. Yeah He was getting yo numbers But they was getting they ass kicked bro. But his 18, he about to get his jersey retired But I think Julius Randle, the Minnesota Timbers was so sad with them bro. Julius Randle helps them win games y'all. I'm not saying that he can do that For the next team. Don't The needle bro. He don't. They were great Last year. That motherfucking needle stiff boy. As much money as you want bro. You gotta make me feel like we can win the championship with you. Win he Be to go to go to Phoenix last two years when he was The knick like cont tenderer Bro. He wasn't playing and You know they had a good season and now this year, I mean but honestly Minnesota played better since he came back from injury. But they still like just under achievement season. Yeah so I mean he they gonna be better because he's good.


He can go to Phoenix bro. They could trade him for KD 'cause they, they gotta get rid of kd. Yeah and they Just gonna be, it be Cool. They was so bad this year it can't get no worse. Yeah they gonna be Cool like, You know what I'm saying? I respect it bro. Y'all, y'all, He can go to Phoenix. I'll stand down with this one. Okay, I got y'all. Yeah, KD can go to KD going to Timberwolves. Julius Randle can go to Phoenix. Yeah. Yeah. Alright listen the best get well Soons of the season man. We have a wonderful list here. First thing first we gotta start with the hits man. What y'all got Bro? Tape? Oh yeah. I definitely got a crash out for the game.


You know what this is? Ah nah, You know what this is all y'all got my dog on tape. One of the best videos of the year baby. Roll a fucking tape. Y'all Made me go Rob this. Look At her. I ain't even see her shaking. Hey rock This shit back man. He signed the waiver for a t-shirt. Nigga is crazy. That was funny. Hey Whole motion makes it terrible. His gather was Disgusting. You know your knee on. He grabbed on both hands hurt right now bro. Bullshiting steal Quincy McCall get well soon brother. Both hands. I hate that. Happen to die man. Man get well soon.


The security come Over there ain't so stupid. Have wait for me nigga. We're the Doctors. See. Oh man. The second get well soon of the season is, this is crazy. They phrase this like this Nico in the man trait, Luca. Oh this is, That is insane. This is that D Wade? Yeah, that's gotta be a top tier. The the, the trade is crazy but roll the tape. Yeah, just roll it. Look at him. Who is this guy? Hey, I got the video so At you, The funny part.


Hey when you posted it after the video with Firework said, who is this guy on the, oh that looks crazy bro. What does he do? Why would they do that bro? That so disrespectful bro. Just got nigga trouble bro. Oh man. Give what for sure the next. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Dre Verse Rudy ISO and walk down street. Hey And walk down. Shout out to my boy DJ G We gotta hit the cell though. That's my guy. Good. Seven. Hey I know Gold. Shitty. He hit the night Night. That's weak ass nigga.


Just do this. Oh One the wildest most of season for sure. Next. Oh yeah, yeah. Green over Kate. I can't wait to see that beef for years to come. Hey, that's one of the most fired beefs in the league. I wish they was in the same conference. That's legit too. I wish they was in the same conference. They really don't like each other. I roll with that. Oh man. Who better though? Who? Y'all think better between them 2K, K kind of him and other respect. Jalen and K. Just Jalen. Can't catch him.


Shit. We going. Anybody can catch Catch anybody? Shit go your way. But right now, Kade K landslide respect. What's this? Oh yeah. Shady Sharp. Hey. Oh my God. Dr. The shit off Champagne. What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday. Keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine in HL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost.


How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I Just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step, not tear anything down.


Today the Warrior's dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. Are we ready to fight? I'm ready to fight. You ready to fight? Is that, is that what I thought it was? Oh, this is fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer back.


Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back and that's what we are doing on fighting words. We're not gonna let anyone silence us. That's The reason why they're banning books like yours, George. That's the reason why they're trying to stop the teaching of black history or queer history. Any history that challenges the whitewash norm Or put us in a box. Black people have never ever depended on the so-called mainstream to support us. That's why we are great. We are the greatest culture makers in world history.


Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Alright man. Hey listen man, who deserves to Get Well Soon of the Year? Ho The Hawks For sure. I think we have some better get well songs than this One though. Nah bro. Nigga, we have that nigga Haws the head to toe Now. That one right there. Marvin Sap Nigga. Get well soon. Marvin Sap for sure Get well soon. Oh yeah, for sure. Close. Close the doors. Yeah, he is out pocket. Walter Kesler Walker Kesler had the Get Well soon. First team all get Well soon. He was supposed to make the list. Kurt Franklin, Somebody shot a three and it didn't even touch the free throw line.


I, that was crazy. Damn. Who was that? Dale somebody. King Martin song. Yeah, he had to get Well that was the worst shot of the year by far. The pull up three that didn't touch the free throw line. Disgusting. Yeah. Oh man. Alright. I'm here And just Zion. Zion Woods is just off. Gp. Your whole entire life is a Goodwill soon. Free Zion man. Today for the crash out, I got the Hawks winning. I got Trey Young with 25 Paolo for 25. The Grizzlies to beat the Warriors. Stephan Curry for 25. Chop around for 25. Keeping the light today. Go get you some forces, man. $5 when you a hundred dollars, man. That's it.


Okay. Yep. $5 when you a hundred done for sure. Shout to Draft Kings. Shoot every talking about called Club five 21st Time music. Get you little something off. Listen, we'll be back. Same time tomorrow. The playoffs tap in. We'll be live on playback with the game tonight, so follow us there. YouTube, you can catch in too. We'll see y'all tomorrow morning. Five 20 In The Morning. Yeah, The Volume. What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring, Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 Free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date.


As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The championship is back in the bay for the first time in 40 years. On the new limited podcast series, dub Dynasty, we hear from head coach Steve Kerr on how Steph Curry almost never even joined the Warriors. In fact, I thought we had a draft day deal to end up getting him to Phoenix For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm ready to fight. Oh, this is fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer back. Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America.


Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. Part of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, You know, We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.