
Get ready for mission to possible. The final reckoning, Tom Cruise strikes once again, performing his own jawdropping stunts from scaling some of the most complex and dangerous sequences. Cruise's dedication to thrilling action is unmatched with breathtaking locations like the Arctic, South Africa and the uk. This finale promises unforgettable moments, themes of loyalty, friendship, and sacrifice. Bring Ethan HUD's journey full circle. The cast is stellar, featuring Haley Atwell, Simon Peg, Ben Rains, Angelo Bassett and more experience. Epic. Edge of your seat cinema. See Mission I possible the final reckoning in theaters May 23rd.


Bocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we Go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip He shimmies the door open. Steps over the dog. Oh, and He stumbles. Oh Right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed ocos With 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos stronger makes everything better.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


I'm ready to fight. Oh this is fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer back. Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever we need to use our voices to fight back. Part of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, You know We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Monday. Happy Cko de May for those who celebrate. It's your favorite sports show. Five 20 In The Morning. Got a full house this morning. I'm been host. My name is DJ Wells. We got Bishop Young Nacho five 20 Mo Fellas. How y'all doing? Standing bro. Standing bro. Come on up with it. We had a hell of a weekend in basketball man. Let's get straight to it. Game seven, Sunday night went crazy last night. Warriors took care of the Rockets. 1 0 7 89. Damn near belt to ass situation Buddy. Hield went crazy yesterday. 33 piece 12 or 15, not 11 from three. Steph had 22 and ten seven. Six as well. 19 in the second half he did his thing.


Jimmy had 28 and seven. Draymond hoop out yesterday. 16 six and five. Listen top twins show his promise yesterday with 24 and nine and Saint Gun hooped out with 2114 fellas. Man please tell me y'all caught that game last night. Yeah I did man. Yeah, I tapped in. Yeah man. Historic performance from Buddy Hield man. That's What we brought you here for to shoot threes, bro. Yeah, don't dribble, just shoot. You ain't gotta play this good but keep, keep doing that shit bro. God damn. Now listen, game seven, we didn't know who the hero was gonna be. Everybody probably thought it was gonna be Steph some thought with Jimmy. We did not think it was gonna be Buddy Hield but salute. What'd it come through for your team yesterday? Man, I think they really won too because they shut Jalen Green down bro. They been locking his ass so he's literally only had probably like one good game, this whole series literally bro.


So they figured him out for sure. Yeah. Game six he went crazy 30 piece to get them here to game seven. But yeah, last night was not the vibes unfortunately. Could you go back? I think he only shot the ball six times yesterday. Yeah, Let's go get KD bro. Ooh it's Time. Let's ship him out. We need kd. We trying to win. So you don't give him another chance to prove himself. Nah, nah bro. You, you shot six times bro. You wasn't even trying bro. In elimination game Least miss least shoot 16 shots. So I be like Yeah Dylan Brook can't get more up than You. Yeah bro. You wasn't even trying bro. Yeah you look at the, what's what happened yesterday with the situation Tar Easton shot Mike is giving epilepsy on this screen in front of us. Thank you. Tar Easton shot the ball six times. Yeah, look at how you going cross with that.


Fred VanVleet 13 Jalen Green eight shots. Man it's not enough man. Giler Brooks nine Thompson twin has 16. He just been making it hard for him to score though bro. Why They was trapping? Yeah, they was getting the ball outta his hand and I mean he made the right plays. He was passing the ball. I mean he was getting the ball of his hands. But sometimes you gotta be able to break your man down one on one too bro. And he, he just wasn't showing that. I think the lights was a little bright like game seven is pressure. You ain't never been here, you probably never really played winning basketball. All you gotta think was his third, fourth year was his third year. His first two years they were ass. They never played winning basketball. They weren't playing for nothing. Now you on the brightest stage, the brightest lights against the Hall of Fame team.


They got three hall of Famers on the court. The lights just was bright. He a young dude what, 21, 22? Yeah, it was just a big moment for him. He just got scared. I understand. And I ain't saying he but that's just what happened. He gotta grow from it. Trade him. Understand We giving you a lot of money bro. So we need some goddamn, But you gave me a lot of money off of potential from us being sad like we was ass. Facts. You know How it is. Facts but nigga you shot eight times bro. I at least need you aggressive out there bro. You our main source of offense bro. You have to come out here and get some shots up Bro. Yeah and then speaking of that, looking at Saint yesterday as the number one option. He went nine for 23 yesterday. The elimination game.


We need more from you as well. I mean if you gonna shoot the ball 23 times man that's going to happen bro. This I take that though bro. This their first rodeo bro. That mean I'm shooting 23. I'm trying to hoop y'all. I'm just missing you Shoot eight times. You scared Bro? Yeah it was his first. I take 23 shots You know that You just missed today. That pressure different bro. That game seven. You ain't never been there before. Nah, I get it. You I definitely Get it. You know That's what I said. Give him a little grace. Yeah he Need, he going grow from this moment. He probably gonna be a hella player next year but from that moment he just, them lights got bright. Yeah and he didn't, the Warriors came out aggressive, they was ready and they was on that. So You know once a person come out I was like a boxing match, motherfucker come out hit you with that first punch B Bow and you see like that power a little different.


You like oh shit, he gonna look like Ron Garcia. They been picking on him all serious bro. For real. They really has. It's been the same, same format. Nigga You gotta show you one of them guys bro. K Cunningham, he he can say the same shit. He went out there and got K Cunningham is better than him though bro. They be trying to argue and say they going at it and All this shit because that's some high school shit bro. Don't matter bro. Jalen Green was just more hype. Hype. We in the same opportunity on our teams bro. You could shoot every time I shoot every Time. But it was, I mean you was the number one player so it, your rim was different than his. Like he was better than a lot of niggas that was above him. It was more notable. That's him McKay Cunningham like nigga he was living when we was kids nigga. Now I I'm Saying they both on their teams. They both got the green light, they both Come down.


Nah, it's different. Think about K Cunningham team. He really don't got, it's built around him. No other scores Bro. Sha Gun is an all star bro. Yeah but And they got but we drew to win Fred. Really? The Fred is the guy on the team. Really? Yeah, like Shaun, he get the shots or whatever. Fred's the leader. Fred got the ball. He the leader. He's the leader. Yeah but he got the ball like you even see it when the time was going down, Fred was shooting all the last shots and doing all that because he said These niggas is scared. I'm not saying saying he did what he going to do. This is what Jeff's saying, bro. Detroit don't got that. Yeah, if Kade was scared nigga it was dimed or over, They was not even gonna be in the playoffs. Dennis, Dennis. I'm not saying That. I'm saying they rolled his, it's big games like that throughout the year where he did that and Tar Easton and Cam Whitmore people came in and had big games.


So they was more of a team. They wasn't really built around Jalen Green. Yeah, but he still can't have that kind of performance. But he was scared. Yeah, I I see your point that Jeff, You know that's all I'm saying. Now this is what I will say though. Somebody who stepped up to the occasion and Min Thompson facts. Yeah he not, he not, he not, He's not expected to do that either though. Y'all But He not scared at all. He's not, he don't care. But we Ain't relying on you my nigga to get us over home. He Said y'all About to. Nah, he, he just solidified his per like he's they guy facts bro. He became the most important person on roster. The person I want to coach bro. I I could take you missing shots bro. I can't deal with you being scared. Yeah, He don't give a fuck. Yeah you can't shoot. But you still went nine for 16. Yeah. You found a way to put the ball In the hole.


Aggress. I'm a fan y'all. I'm just telling y'all you gonna miss shots. This is Jalen Green's team essentially. Nah. Oh no it's not. It's, it's not. And I think Jalen Green's is Not his team. It's really Fred VanVleet team. Like You said they want Jalen Green. Y'all don't think they Want Jalen Green, they want it to be The leader. Y'all A Thompson twin. He just Showed that it ain't bro. This is a men Thompson. I Respect that. Okay. Down the Thompson Twin is so explosive. Like when LeBron say y'all not from the same planet as us. Like y'all different. Yeah that right there already had put them in a stratosphere. Like okay LeBron had already stamped you, you making eyeballs go to him. He about to be a star. Yeah. Yeah. And then when he performed like that in the playoffs and then every, you watch the end of the game everybody go up to him like man you cold boy motherfucker.


I like him for sure Like boy him and his brother bro. Yeah. When y'all motherfuckers learn how to shoot it's over boy because you look at that game before you getting 25, 5 and five steals and you're guarding Steph Curry. Yeah. And they both locking up playing guard the best player area. Yeah that killers bro. They ain't nice bro. Family gonna be living good for a long. Oh they're max players. So Jalen Green, I'm just trying to get an understanding. Y'all help me understand. Jalen Green is our third option on the Houston Rockets. Yeah Bro, he Yes bro. Respect. I told you he took third option shots. This is no, I'm Trying to understand. This is no disrespect. Yeah or nothing like that. Hell, you good? I think he could super good but I told you he going to be l like facts a better career 'cause he gonna score more points than Lou will and Jamal and I But that's the mo end that the ceiling.


Yeah. He didn't with a little juice on it Paul. For real. He that's the mo he end like You know how we looked at Malik Monk, we like damn Malik Monk boy. Yeah. Facts we always like boy he give you a little more Malik Monk boy. That's how we look at. It's still gonna have moments to where it's just like that's why we here cold boy. Yeah. On average 20. Yeah. Yeah. But he all, he never going to be the, I'm not, I shouldn't say never 'cause he got the potential. He gotta grow into that. Yeah. But right now he just not there. But like this fool right here, he save that for the end show please. Yeah, he's, he's embraced his role. Yeah. Yeah. He, he I, I am the role My nigga brought OTE to the NBA facts And thriving bro.


That's what he was doing. Alright man. So how about the words man? How we feel? They, You know what I'm saying? They got game seven I, I showed Up they was gonna win shit. I thought they was gonna win. Been locking these niggas up bro. Oh shit. Draymond was 16 to six. Yesterdays talk nice to him. Oh no I'm not good game my boy And you listen, listen speaking about see I was too caught up yesterday and trying to get my life back together. But Draymond you out of pocket for kicking forever in Fleet like that bro. Smack my nigga bro. That's what he Do during the playoffs bro. Tweaking. It's Draymond bro. I like the fact that he learned that hey if I get a flag it's not a tick. He was sitting on the bench like what did I do nigga ain't need to throw you out this game.


Yeah he be, he'd be wild turned up Draymond Felt bad 'cause You know Fred and Flee to crash out. But I was like I saw the asset bro. What we doing? Hey You know it's funny Fred VanVleet dinner gonna take Afro and talk to the, he said hey I know y'all don't like me but that's crazy. I know y'all don't rock with me. But he just damn near Ju Chop. That's what Jim said. Fred VanVleet kind of put hisself like now you on the Draymond reel. You Know Draymond like when he pushed Bud Jimmy in the back, everybody like Fred VanVleet crashed out. He try to hurt Jimmy. Hey I ain't gonna hold you. That was crazy. Yeah I'm saying he once he did that to the ref bro, he never gonna be The same. Yeah that should stay with you. You Right. Hey You know what I go for forever feet yesterday bro. He was trying to hoop like I been here before.


I know how to beat them and y done rising to the moment with me in the situation. Man he Was cussing San Goon out bro. He was cussing him out bro. I said oh he hot up Here. It is dead though. Yeah Is Steph like man I knew what was about to happen. Nah, we all knew and Dre Mond hitting that little floater and shit. Yeah like yeah Draymond Get you 16, 6 5 we winning Bro. But now I'm my mama. See the fuck is up with them 'cause they ain't gonna be to that match up a little different. Let's talk about it looking forward be here. Yeah T Woods Warriors. Your team versus team. You been talking crazy about all season. I know. Yeah I know how I feel about the the but if they don't slow down an Yeah he sending Legends Home they're going to beat their ass bro.


I like what you're talking about. That's What he on. It's the world tour. Yeah he on tour bro. I'm just scared of Jimmy though bro. The way Buddy Hield guard right now man. He might make it tough for him Man. Shit help God. Buddy Elbow hit on top of his Christmas. If that's the matchup, if y'all telling me that's the matchup matchup 30 or not. Wait What matchup Buddy Hield verse eight. No that's, oh no, no, no That's Jimmy Butler so he would be guarding Mike Conley Buddy Hield trying to solidify himself man. Trying to get another bag and I believe this is Buddy Hill's first playoff series ever. So shout out to him. Nah that Louis jacket was hard. Too nasty. I fuck with it. Nah he got his shit off yesterday. Buddy was hooping. This is the Buddy Hield that brought in for this team ball.


Yeah this is the Buddy Hield. The Pacers needed shoot the Ball. Yeah don't bring us up in this. I'm happy that Buddy is doing thriving elsewhere buddy. Shout to buddy Buddy was looking for the patience. Stop, stop putting sweat on my team. Shout to Buddy Hield. I'm happy that he had a great game set yesterday. He does not need to be a synonymous for our team but salute to him torture. You see motherfuckers leading the patience again. Get cold go. Nah shout out to the Warriors though. They just to me they a scary team for the, for the T Wolves though. Okay so do y'all wanna make a prediction now? Y'all wanna wait till game one? I got this going seven. Oh okay. I'm gonna wait game one. I'm gonna wait, I'm gonna wait. But the thing about the Warriors they rebound though.


Yeah. Compared to the Lakers. 'cause Draymond, they they more prideful on defense. Draymond hold they people accountable. Houston Could not score on them bro. Bro. They playing Defense for and they had two bigs after they had Steven Adams and whatever. Say that nigga name man Sha Hey listen man I know Steve Kirk got a lot of smut this year but shout out to him for inserting Kevon Looney 'cause Kevon Looney shut that Stephen Adams shit down 'cause Stephen Adams like affected two games sequin handedly. Yeah Kevon Looney neutralized that shit. Yeah and played Sally yesterday. Yeah most definitely. Alright man, we'll wait till game one to see how we going there. I better, I better not see that Quentin Post motherfucker this game, this series though. Alright. You see bunk in post? No, no disrespect but he going be Christmas out there and them do not play bro.


They see that weak link. They go straight think Might have to play this series. I think he might have. Did you see what Kaa pulled up to the game yesterday. Young Energy nigga. Did you see what he pulled up to work yesterday? Job? Yeah bro he's done. Yeah bro. LinkedIn. LinkedIn tap in also before we talk about it, my favorite part of this whole series, series is we got Dre mine for Rudy verse. Rudy. Yes, yes, yes. If y'all thought the flag or F was holding you before fouls about to be Check him out boy What's up? These fouls about to be wild. Blockout about to be crazy. I heard block out with Draymond or Rudy about to be wildest head Can't wait. They might bump y'all. Draymond gonna choke you out again bro. Nah he choked him out for no reason. Rudy.


Rudy, I've seen that thing though. Rudy not going for that again bro. Rudy on elbow. I Know he nervous though. I know Rudy nervous. Rudy about to elbow the shit outta Draymond. Yeah. Yes he gonna have two bro. I can't wait to See this. I'm just saying bro if y'all need to Dre mine showed something now he about to really turn off. Nah he about to go crash. Don't let them get the lose. He gonna really crash out. He he's Crashing out. Win lose or draw. Come on man. He's crashing out. He don't like it. It's a far matchup to me though. That's why I think it's gonna go seven. Most definitely man. Shout out to the Western Commerce semifinals. Let's get to a real game Yesterday Pace took care of business, You know what I'm saying? Pulled up to Cleveland, it don't matter. No way. 1 21 to one 12. Yeah shout out to my dog. Tyrese celebrating went crazy yesterday. 22 13 3 blocks as well. Game ball goes to Andrew Nihar who held it down?


23 and six five for six from three AKA has 17, eight and four Donvan Mitchell went crazy yesterday. 33 5 and four and a mob hooped out with 20 and 10. That was An up and down game man. That was a good Game. It was a great game yesterday. We handled business like we was supposed to yesterday and Nihar made some big shots. He Shots it's shit at the end bro. He's two bullshit three. It's not bullshit. He been here before bro. Everybody acting surprised bro. We went to the conference smiles last year. It gets a superior team bro. Yes. Tuck your shit. We have the playoff experience bro. Oh bro. Our role players are better. I'm rocking with Tyree though. Hey Tyree showed up like a superstar yesterday in the fourth quarter and nobody wanna talk about it. Tyre played well and Tyrese got three stops in the row in the fourth Quarter.


I don't Want, Tyree don't play defense all year long but he locked up three possession in a Row. It's time. Yeah I fucked with it. I Ain't gonna hate Nah I ain't gonna, I'm gonna tell you what. Lost the game and shout out to the pacer. They did a good job. Ty. Ty Jerome lost the game. Mm 20 shots. They was on the run and he pulled a three on a fast break and transitioned top the key and Donvan Mitchell was going crazy, had scored he he had 17 in third quarter. He was going crazy. We could not stop him and he pulled that damn three and it took the momentum. It like sucked the air out of the whole gym. Like he shot that three, they came down, y'all came down and scored and it slowed the momentum and now it became a back and forth game and then y'all got the momentum again. The game was over, it was just a terrible shot and it was like almost like, yeah I'm here too.


Darius Garland out like trying to nigga you blew the fucking Yeah, let him Have his moment bro. Yeah like here that ball back to Donovan. Donovan was cooking on me. We had nothing for him. That was up about them 12 or 13 they made that run shit damn perches and smoked it and then nigga the wheels turned again. Well I'm gonna tell you what's crazy and why I think this game won't mean a lot for us because we did all the things that typically we lose games in. They out rebounded us. Especially offensive rebounds. They got extra possessions the entire game. Terrible turnovers terrible rotation for Rick yesterday. We had a traditional Pacers Turk quarter where we terrible in the third but we played close enough to keep it and then still going the fourth of the league. Donvan Mitchell had 33 yesterday. He didn't shoot the best obviously I know he's more capable of that but if Todd Jerome gonna keep shooting 20 shots, patience are fo Yeah it's quiet for that shit bro.


Yeah Todd Jerome, he's a good player but he, he it's not enough. He was forcing the issue yesterday. Yeah but another thing though, I don't know if y'all going not hating, I don't think y'all gonna shoot the ball that well. Like can we scroll up to the Pacers please? Y'all shot the ball great from three. Yeah we shot Damer 60% from three yesterday. Yeah I don't, I don't know if that's gonna be the formula. I don't, I'm not saying y'all can't. I Don't hitting three, I just don't see that again. Them heart hits some 52% bro. Bro. Like three I we hit some tough shots but when I look back, 'cause I, You know I was being a nerd last night. I looked back and looked over those made shots. Majority of them shots was uncontested. I know I was hoping a lot. So if it, if we was hitting close out shots then okay we had a hell of a game.


Cool. A lot of 'em shots was butt naked. Like if I'm, if I'm the Cleveland Cavaliers and watching that game, I kind of broke down the film a little bit yesterday. I'm forcing obviously they were trying to force Tyrese to his left hand. I seen how they was kind of force him to his left. But I'm making Tyrese go to the basket and finish layups his left hand. He goes to the basket to pass when he go with his right hand and he goes to the basket, he'll do his running hook. Yep. Going right to his bank or a little step back, little mid or whatever he got going on when he put it in his right hand. But if I put it in on left, I'm about to make him make left hand layups. I have never seen Tyrese Hallberg shoot a left hand layup. Nah he's passing away. I swear to God I haven't. All the times I watch him, I've never seen him shoot a left hand layup. Yeah, yeah You gotta get him over there though.


And he only pass with his right hand. He don't throw left hand. Yeah everything is like even when he go left he throw back like that. I'll just keep him all over the court. I'll force him left like if he's on the right hand side and especially if he on the left side of the court I load up, they got long enough athletes that scoring 'cause they switching every ball screen. So if he going to the basket against Jerry Allen, I'm fanning out as soon as he get in the paint get with the shooters, make him finish over Jerry Allen. But shit, like you said, you gotta stop him from getting to that right here. That's What I about say bro. It's hard to keep a nigga to right to move like that. Yeah it is. It's It's hard, hard And I'm gonna tell you right now, like you said the biggest difference to me was like I said I thought that Miles Turner and Jared Allen matchup was it hey if we gonna keep switching Jared Allen on Tyrese on the island and our shooters were shooting like that y'all fucked.


Yeah y'all don't, y'all can't help now yesterday also what made me happy about this win pa out aka did not play good yesterday. I did, he got started early but he went six for 15. My boy don't shoot 40% like that. So granted how we play yesterday, Aren e Smith got some crazy foul trouble but he came in third quarter and went crazy. He made shots. It's like is he gonna make shots again? No, Aren e Smith. Yeah but that's the thing about our role players. All our role players they average 12, 13, 14, 15. It ain't really surprising. Yeah but I'm saying hitting threes, they was hitting timely threes like, but we've been playing like this the last three months though. That's my only thing. Yeah, but What's wrong with Darius Garland? It's to, oh I believe it's tall about 50%. That hurt not having him.


Most definitely you missing your all-star guard. But Nigga I did did them Jack yesterday. I got a little, got a little mad bro. What we doing? No Wonder Realty Jerome get you. That was crazy because Tyrone trying to be him. Yeah and that's cool. I I love that talk. Keep shooting bro. I love it bro. But once again you're the real star. Keep shooting Bro. That's a coaching adjustment though. Once again the Pacers always have this role. Everybody's hurt get hurt in back to back years bro. I was trying to avoid and guess what? No no say it again. Milwaukee hurt. Tell everybody was hurt now CVEs is hurt again. Yep. I was Trying to there's always the run Keep going. I'm sorry bro I wasn't early.


No, No it's fine. We y'all got some of the best luck I ever seen bro. All I say is this, everybody keep making excuses while they lose. Why don't y'all just win? Because they hurt good team better. They literally get some milk in them locker rooms. They literally can't play. Right. Y'all need to get y'all training staff up spend that money. Right. Owners literally can't play Pacers. I heard they they train staff a one heard it. I fuck with em. Hey you want you wanna come hoop on eight two come to nap. Come fuck with us. Tap in. Niggas are Getting Throwing now. Tidy. Your owners getting cheap ass doctors come to the crib talk shit. We fuck with you. I can't wait for the mama. One of them niggas roll their angry. Hey that's some crazy shit bro. We spent the first 25 games with our starting back court. Tyse was hurt.


Was hurt, hurt. I can't wait until niggas so Fucked up nigga What the fuck? I can't wait. They gonna play ball. Ah they ain't cool. I'm like yep told you talking all that shit. T you those fucked up Kevin Pri like man why team don't rock with this and you get up here and say some shit like that. Ain't that shit ain't y'all know I ain't, You know ain't wanna lead the crib. What the fuck? That's crazy bro. I No, I mean missing Darius Scarlet. I'm not hating on the Pacers like I don't give but I'm, they do get this role every shit who plays like damn bro y'all got some of the best luck.


All my years in NBA nobody ever wants hurt when it was talking for the playoff. But y'all gotta give DJ his credit. I don't give a fuck DJ N when Paul George, when Victor, everybody hurt biggest. I ain't had to deal with that. All of our best players die. DJ our best player got hurt for democrat six years in a row. I don't give a shit. Nah bro y'all, y'all had him all in the playoffs my nigga. We just played Ben Shepherd, the Thomas Bryant in a playoff game. I don't care bro. PAC five, that's your team niggas Pac five bro. There was a star for y'all last year. Not for nothing. He not star. He was damn star like boy now he's a nothing and after nothing. So yeah Rick was out of pocket yet so they almost crossed that game with the rotations man.


Wildling that was a hell of a game though. But seriously though, as far as adjustments Leveland, what you think they gonna do the next game? Todd Row Relax they they gonna blow y'all out next game. Game two. They gonna smack y'all. Okay. I'm just saying the momentum going. They gonna be playing so hard. They win. Okay. I don't know about smacking but they gonna win. They gonna smack em if they do win. We had no business. Yeah the supposed to the second I did do already. They did what they were supposed to but they gonna smack the shit outta y'all. It's gonna be a 20 point. Yeah it is gonna win. It's gonna be ugly Ty Jerone spot up. Stop chill out A little. Y'all gotta start making reels of these predictions man. That shit just gonna make everything just more fun. Shit changed the next day. Nah they gonna, I said the paper was gonna win game one.


You did. We gotta, That's clipping this shit up. I'm saying even that we should start clip up Did say that because they'd been off. Yeah I was like man they ain't played, they don't know how hard the Pacer's about to play. You know what I mean? You don't know Game one pacer come out they ain't scared. I was like oh yeah Pacer about to win Blue Giants dub. I nah We we we seen the real bro. We played the Boston Celtics bro. I'm not scared nobody. So now game two. Game two. And then another thing I wanna say though, they've been beating people so much and blowing people out cause games. Donovan Mitchell hasn't had to be Donovan Mitchell that he had to be in the past all at all this year. Yeah he didn't have to score 40, 50, You know what I mean? He was sitting out getting 24 game.


Yeah passing the ball. They beating the shit outta people. Last night was the first time he had to beat Donovan Mitchell and then he got tired. He about to lock in. Yeah but he got tired. That's the first time he got tired 'cause he ain't have to do that all year. Yeah. And I was like damn that affected him. He got tired. He ain't have to be that guy all year. Yeah and it showed at the end of that third quarter boy had his hand on his knees. Hey 'cause he was dogging. He was but he was dogging was dead tired bro. 'cause he ain't have to do that all year. Most it is different bro. When you ain't never had to do it. Well you don't have to do it all year then you gotta go put your cape on. No he was like fuck. And that's another thing I was happy with this team is that as far as like our wings, our wings got some decent size to him and strength too so I mean we can't guard him but still we can make a little bit of resistance.


At least tire him at tad bit. Yeah but this gonna be a good series though. What Matt threw was on with my dog D Hunt Shit bro you better chill the fuck out. I ain't gonna hold you. That block was dead Mary Foul. That was keep fouls fuck hit him right here. But I don't give a fuck Chill out with my dog D hu dunk that shit next time then I fuck With D Hunt but I fuck with Ben Too. Fuck outta here. Set the tone bro. Ben I love Ben don't give a damn. That's why I fuck with Ben. Fuck I fuck with D hu more. I fuck with Ben. Respect. I mean yeah that dunk that shit then that's your choice. I fuck With DD Hu and d hu my nigga though. I I play on tape with D Hut. Yeah shout to D Hut. Yeah I got A relationship but be here Bro. Don't get shit next time nigga. If not it's on the glass nigga you saw What's up nigga? He it's double zero bro.


Nah nigga you chose double zero nigga that's ass. I'm the real boomer around this. A nigga went to a, he's realer A nigga going to a team were really picking a double zero. It's crazy. That's what my, my boy Ben different bro. Shout to Billy. I did that. Hold it down. I did that some with a lineage. You did that. Knowing better. You was 35 this nigga 16. See For sure man hell of a game Should be a great series for sure man. From the play games all the way to the finals.


Now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase score rate to place your first bet. Download Draft King sports book app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly Make it a playoff for us to remember with DraftKings. Download a Draftking sports book app and use promo code club five 20 That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio


Get ready for mission. I possible the final reckoning. Tom Cruise continues to astonish artist his worldwide performing his own jaw dropping stunts that push the limits of action. Cinema from unbelievable edge of the seat scenes cruise's, unparalleled commitment to deliver and thrilling high octane entertainment is unmatched. And this epic finale promises to be bigger, bolder, and even more attest than before. For almost 30 years, the mission of possible franchise has redefined action movies, keeping audiences on the edge of their seats. And this latest chapter has shaped me up to be the most ambitious yet what colossal stakes, explosive action and breathtaking locations including the Arctic, South Africa and the uk. The film promises an unforgettable journey. The story delves deep into themes of friendship, loyalty, and sacrifice. Offering a powerful culmination to Ethan Hunt's heroic saga across seven Iconic films. The cast is extraordinary. Reuniting stars like Haley Atwell, Simon Pig, VIN Rains, Angela Bassett and more alongside Cruz. This blockbuster cinema at its peak a movie made for the big screen. See mission I possible the final reckoning in theaters May 23rd.


So we all made mistakes, right, but on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bring it back to that OG cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


And the dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors are the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series dubbed Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examine the controversial move that made it possible. It's never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


Man we got game one tonight. Nick Celtics. How y'all feeling man? It's fucking up in them garden. Okay the real garden. Do Y'all really think this is gonna be like a 4 0 4 1 on some real shit? I'm thinking 4 1 4 1. I said the boss I gonna win a game TD Guard my fault. No disrespect, it's gonna be four one man. Think so. Fuck I'm sick of these Knicks niggas go crazy JT Okay well I'm sick of this shit. Okay Knicks fans on heels. I'm sick. Joe Bun? Yeah Jay Mills all you niggas. I'm sick of y'all. The be about to go crowd play for the Celtics so yeah I'm root For the Celtics. Shout out to my nigga Jay Mill Bro. He couldn't wait to post his little knicks picture of his shit. That nigga shit, his living Room pointing at his TV And shit. Yeah I seen this shit nigga.


Yeah s had y'all scared y'all about to see the real now? Yeah, yeah it's up four one. I see. I just don't see that happening. Y'all, y'all know better than me but four one the Knicks. I don't think they going out. I don't think Jalen Bruss going out like no whole ass nigga bro. He's Not bro. He gonna kill. Nah he be guarding him. You know how they be guarding Jalen Bru. I think Kat gonna kill bro. Ka good. That's what y'all banking on, Kat killing The cell. Well that is our story bro. Well my problem is what you going to do with Jason Tatum and Jalen Brown? They do got 12 niggas over there they can Hoop and Payton Pri gonna come in and murder off random Man I don't blow these nigga and defense. Hey boy if y'all don't blow these niggas out JT. I'm sick of these That Came, that came for a one Bro. And I text, I text my nigga last night, I ain't about the basketball shit.


We was talking about his football highlights nigga was ass and they mix tape is crazy. Yeah he was tall as bro. Like that nigga was six one. You know your ass won Supposed to play on football tall as shit. Oh Man. The real Rador. Yeah. 4, 4 1 He fifth round for sure. Alright, game one. Y'all got win tonight. Celtics bro. Celtics yes BN I'm I'm rolling. Roll with the Knicker boxers roll Man. Fuck JT for not checking Nelly for calling me Fat bro. Mixer five bro. Say hey ly. You ain't even respond to us nigga. Yeah hey my nigga kill you bro. We we want Pull up. I know you can't hoop ain you five four nigga we wanna Pull up God This St Louis.


Yeah, yeah now we gonna play St Louis nigga I need to play where y'all, we trying to play against All the rappers nigga, anybody that rap that they can hoop. We won Smoke. Get your three. We got our three y'all so that's Chris Brown. Even though you a singer, He rap two nigga All So get your get your three So fuck it. You need to get Tiger Two nigga Tiger bring your As. That's Team Tiger. Y Chris Brown. New one play y'all. Wait who are New Tiger? Why? Who else they had? Who else Hoop play basketball? I Fab Jada. I seen Fab High like he on Hoop. Oh Jada, Jada Hoop? Nah, Jada Hoop. Jada do chin up man Up.


I mean on Hoop now he need to be on off the court setting. He need J up to gym, motivated fitness tap on Kiss fat content because of the shit he be doing. Yeah Jim Jones say he could hoop I'm nothing man I was quiet. Chop was quiet. Jim Jones probably could hoop a little Bro. He too strong bro. Man Cam Mace. Yeah I'm nothing get y'all three Yo you nothing on Jim Jones being able to shoot bro. Cam probably Cam could still hoop though too. Cam cool. I'm sure. I don't Think you think hoop. I don't think y'all niggas ever gonna lose if you really hoop for real like y'all. I don't think niggas, I mean of course they wasn't on y'all ever but I'm saying if you could shoot bro, you probably always be able to shoot a basketball. True. Don't Lose that. We going on a world tour beating all rappers. Felt a ass. Yeah pull up.


Alright, moving on to the next game. But first and foremost let's talk about what happened this weekend to get to this game. Get Well Soon to the Los Angeles Clippers. Man. Man what a waste of a season. I'm gonna let y'all break that down about y'all, about James Hart. I'm gonna keep it real bro. Call no show man. Yeah I ain't, oh man I ain't vouching for that no more man. No call, no show everybody. This is why this Y don't have Twitter like D Wade or that y'all don't be on there like that bro. That D Wade shit bro resurfaced so much bro. They said hey DJ know, Tell your mans we don't wanna hear it no more. You know how many people rolled me bro? I can only imagine what your dms is like. You dumbed in a bitch. I'm like damn what happened?


I ain't, I stopped watching when they was, You know what I mean? Like James Harash, hey shit he the eighth best shooting guard. Gimme Clay. I'm like damn What y'all think it is though bro? That nigga never show up in a play. I have no idea Bro. But y'all damn near but y'all damn near called it though. Don't show just 'cause that's just what He do. Y'all literally said James Hart gave everything in six. Hell yeah I I take you home seven bro. Damn man. Belt to ass situation. You just don't play good in them games bro. I don't know why. Mm. Russell Westbrook getting that tech and said yeah send these niggas the fuck out here. Was was one of my favorite moments of the season so far. Yeah I was fired bro. Yeah bro. Russ deserved that bro. All that s smart they put on his name bro. For him to be playing high caliber basketball. I love to see that but moving on Nuggets, Thunder two MVP candidates what's up?


How y'all feeling tonight? Yeah I'm Bro with my young bulls I Thunder I'm fucking with my Youngs. Oh them niggas this truck. I Don't know bro. Listen if man, if Yos get back to the finals and win bro he the greatest player ever bro. Fuck Jordan. Fuck bro, bro Fat seven foot nigga bro play all 82 games down there if he beat these niggas bro. No way bro. He might beat these niggas bro. Don't beat fucking in with him bro. What 10 niggas he might beat these niggas Thunder about to kill them. Oh you Think you about to ask Jeff about to destroy the Thunder bro. Thunder about to beat. They about beat they ass. Okay so let, let's go around now. He's about to have how you about the series?


Let's go game one. How you fuck I like the nuggets bro. I ain't gonna lie bro. Oh okay. No sir. Cooking I like the nuggets bro. We cook it. No sir. I don't think they got nothing for Joker at all. Not even nothing close. No sir. I'm riding With my young boys but I'm nervous. I Ain't gonna lie. Is Isaiah Hartstein about to earn his money tonight? Yes sir. Check they about to say have to earn his bulls all type of shit and them young niggas guard they ain't don't they ain hitting shots. The only reason the Clippers lost is 'cause they don't guard nigga James Hard and 'em was walking around Rus bill getting an offense or rebound niggas looking at the nigga at the office. Them young niggas ain't like that. Yeah Only James Harden one guard rest 'em niggas was trying to guard. Nah I mean yeah but nigga he he's such so much of a valuable piece on their team and it's like so glaring when he don't do shit like everything that go wrong he be right there.


You be like damn that was supposed to be James rebound. Damn. Aw man that was supposed to be his blockout Thunder Need to beat them in five or six bro. It'd be James hard there it be every single time. Damn that nigga turned that motherfucker off. Look at the same person. Yeah bro they literally, every time something go wrong they be right there. It'd be like me when every time something fucked up happens, I'd be in the background. That'd be them. They be right there. Look, go look at Westbrook if y'all get a chance but that offensive rebound came look and see who right there and get the ball. It is James looking like this. I swear to god I can't make it up. I don't think the Thunder is scared but it damn bro. Russ talk a lot of shit drunker. Who you got tonight? Come, I'm tell you my look.


I'm rolling With this. We we gonna go game way if y'all wanna make four predictions y'all can. I'm just gonna game one tonight. I ain't doing predictions. Brandon Jen you pay you a solid nigga. Let's run this. Let's run this series. I'm something. Shout to be that run the band back. I got the, I got the Thunder in five or six. Okay Money D 96 and Super Check says never wanted to hear James Hart better and D Wade again. He don't have a clutch bone in his body. That's nigga A lot of people feel that way man. Yeah. Respect Bro. Rt You got tonight. Congrats money D 96 you made a, you made a great, great, great, great, great. What I'm saying, I mean one of the best statements you ever made in your life. Lord Jesus. Hell You are amazing. You should be with Steve a Smith. You might need to go sit across from Skid Bayless.


Here you go. You are amazing. They talking about Clay Thompson better Chase. Yeah niggas right. I fucking with Clay. Shit. Clay Thompson better than him. Hey so funny. My BS was just like, hey that's talking about quick bro, I'm taking him over that knee. I said hey I chill out. Don't disrespect James Don Mitchell greater than James. Why do he disappeared in Game Evans bro, we don't know that really the playoffs period. And he one of the people he always like, man we want James to get over that, that that moment man because he's so cold bro. So cold. He Blue chips bro. My dog like that. He said they had some, she had Cherokee the ass in the stairs. So nigga niggas in sending me this bro, they like James had Cherokee the ass in the stands.


I like she ain't got no reason to be there Jersey. I like what she had Kauai jersey on. I like, oh I throw that spot on my nigga. I was like threw not Throwing that on. Not on this shit. I we not throwing that on Ka Ka. She just being a fan of the, she had ka jersey Up on Slaw. She just being a fan. I'm like what are y'all talking about fan a fan. Throw that on James like Watch basketball. Bitch's taking my jersey off bro. You supposed to wear a Los Angeles Clippers. T-shirt. T-shirt. She did Lamar, old Jersey. Where's throwback? But why did they say James Hart? She don't even got my jersey on. I don't know. That's where everybody's wrote like man he worried about Cherokee that ass. I'm like who the fuck is that?


They see her. She Legend James Hart. Nobody else had her. I swear God didn't even know who that was. I, I would've tapped in with her. I had to go look her like why they keep sending be Cherokee to ass. That's why he ain't, he played good if he, if he had seven shots six after that then I could go shit. It was like he should have brought her to Denver. I'm like bring Denver. What the fuck? Hey the smoke thing you putting on people names is crazy Bro. Cherokee to ass bro. Man James Hard jersey on Old cheeks. Buy 37 bro. I'm no way in. Hells buy you 37. Y'all tap me into your local DVD man. 37. You got 37. That that's the real old.


I ain't know she was old like that. Hey, hey they used to put it on the DVDs Man. What else we got the real shout Out the Cherokee girl. I got, I got Thunder man. Got Thunder. We gotta, I got Thunder. All right, verify buggers. Be's getting to it this weekend. Cherokee throw back, throwback throw Back. Oh when You Ever, this is a, you ever seen the Instagram dude that be like raking the best girl and that white dude was there there crying.


He was like I had so many emotional connections to this like man what if you'll get the, Whoever they got is be me bro. Let's go live. Share our journey bro. It Bett do. Terry on my Oil cheeks 37 37 is insane man. That Is crazy Man. Y'all alright man. Buddy Hield. Buddy Hield though that you played outta your pocket Turn to five 20 man.


Because we, we got show today dude. Oh shout to Rob. What the hell he yeah. Dope. Holly Burton Heli Burton Come on tap in 12:00 PM Eastern. Rob four nine Club five 20. Shout to Buddy Hield 33 yesterday went crazy in the first half. Nine from 11 from three. He held it down Teague. Who you got? I'm gonna go with Holly Burton. Man, turn me up. Yeah, he actually played well last night man. He is a all star, all NBA type of player. So 22 and 13. He hooped last night. But you said it best man, him getting them defensive stops at the end of the game. Yeah that's, that's championship aspirations right there. Most definitely three blocks. Shout out to my dog. Move. Who you got go Donovan Mitchell. Yo got to it. He ain't even shoot well so I think it's finna get ugly bro.


Defense start going crazy. Yeah he hooped out yesterday 33 5 and four breaks. MJ record for most consecutive 30 point game one playoffs. Hey so he shows up with his time to get going. Facts man, I'm gonna show some love to step as well. Yesterday he had 22, 10 and seven and I'm gonna show some Edge Park man. He had 23 yesterday five from six and three. Man he helped seal that game yesterday. Get Well Soon will be here. Who needs some encouragement this Monday morning? Jared Allen. I was watching the game. He didn't actually dunk on it. Dunk on it but he threw it In on my yesterday. Yeah. Nah he dunked his ass. I'm count that bro. And that's a foul too though. I'm gonna count that. That's he dunked his ass. He pushed him in the stomach bro. Jared Allen's too nice. He pushed him in the stomach. Hey damn Dunked his ass like watching push him in the stomach. That's a foul.


Hey I know that hurt bro. Yeah, on me Should have floated next time nigga. No that's a flagrant right. That's a foul though bro. You can't push him in the air like that. Yeah but shit, get your ass, you just got shout Out to my boy. Dunk his ass. That was tough Jar. That was hooping yesterday and I don't know why they went away from him. He would, he hit like five or six shots in a row. He ain't miss one shot yesterday. Damn ain't I know that Hurt. That nigga dunked. That shit crazy for sure man. Get Well Soon to Miles Turner. Alright. I just wrote a clip. We don't got too many. Why not? Don't be fucking well my young. Oh yeah that's a foul bro. The shit out here de hunt duck that shit next time. But what made funny though? 'cause they was talking so much shit before this play.


Him and D Hunt. Yeah he fouled the shit outta de Hunt. De Hunt was a free throw line de hunt. They was talking shit. That's why he went so hard to go block his shot and then he gonna stir him down and he went out on you too. Yeah And I little torn to punch you bro. He got something his hand on the ball Bro. Look at he started talking, he gonna Stand over. You know you fo the shit outta me bro. Nah Face bro. Help him Up. Hey help him up bro. That looked like he was genuinely hurt. Yeah, get on my face bro. But damn I had a ref, you had a good viewpoint of it. Clean block. What's next? Oh this is nasty. Yeah, Get Well Soon to the whole, hey Get Well Soon. To Brandon pr, what's his name for Brandon pki.


He hit Jgg, looked behind the back, and then Fki just died for no reason. Nigga looked like George Gervin, bro. That was Elite. Behind the back split with the right hand lay left side. That's tough. Twin ain different. We got the HD version. Turn me up. Hey, excuse me. Don't do that. Him and his brother the same player. Wow. We moved Draymond this late. Yeah, he, they the same player. Him and his brother. The exact same player. I want some house somewhere that they both get on the same team. If they did for the Morris Twins, let's do it for the Thompson twins. That'd be fire boy. They be no shooting on that floor floor no threes, bro. They be each other away. There ain't no shoes. I seen the rockets pretty much, You know how they had the fake trades for people?


They was like get Giannis and they, one of the trades didn't include the Thompson twin. I said, you think they're about have Giannis in in many times from the court at the same time. Big Gianni and Lil Giannis. That shit's gonna be fierce. I just need to stay in Milwaukee bro. They said he trying to go to the Spurs. Man, I don't want see that bro. You think him and Wi could go assist because Win could shoot. Yeah, they play. How long bro be Fire? This would be the, the craziest team that would be cheating bro. I don't wanna see that shit. That'd be stretch Armstrong and motherfucking nobody would be able to squirrel them, bro. They shit look crazy out there. So if they kept the Aren Fox somehow, somewhere in that situation and they had them cheating, bro, bro don't, it would never lose. I'm a Spurs fan. Facts. I'm getting a jersey. Mm. Be honest. Wi be. That's tough. Fox already one of my favorite players.


Boy, we would be lit in transition. They'd be unstoppable. Be cheating bro. For sure. Listen man, we appreciate y'all life. We said we got dope. Episode of Club five 20. Dropping today at 12 Field. What the hill tap in last? Not least five 20 today. Coming up real, real soon man. We got a couple more tickets on the site. Make sure you tap in. Five 17, back nine. We're gonna have a special live guest. Can't wait to see y'all. What we, we got some dope merch dropping as well for the collaboration. For those who can't make it, you can hop on online and get it once we get done with the event, we'll see y'all same time tomorrow. Five 20. The in The Morning, The Volume.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discovers accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree? Change the formula for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one the old s sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


I'm ready to fight. Oh, this is fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer back. Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. Part of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, You know, We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.