
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school, you're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Lowe's knows how to help you get the most out of your store run. That's why members save more with Mil Lowe's rewards, earn points towards my Lowe's money on eligible purchases. Get access to member only deals and free member gifts. Plus, unlock free standard shipping when you reach Silver Key status. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions. Details of lows.com/terms subject to change.


You know, some people say that Odoo business management software is like fertilizer, the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say Odoo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, Odoo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now at Odoo dot com. Odoo dot com.


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers and the new award-winning Legion go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam OS. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out Lenovo dot com slash legion. Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Friday, it's five 20 In The Morning. Your favorite sports show here to keep you up to date and everything in the sports world related, especially basketball. I'm your host, my name is DJ Wells. Join us wonderful morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Penners. To my right, my brother t fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? What's happening? Nasty chilling bro. Look at Mike is cooked man. Send your thoughts and prayers. A freaky mike. Man, it been going through since he got in that airplane. Hey It is cool. Them shoes is crazy. Oh Yeah, my boy came out the house with the hush puppy Supremes on. Damn boy Look crazy. This boy. That's a, that's a rough life boy.


Boy I thought Adderall, when you take Adderall it just heal everything. And We got a, we got a, hopefully we got a fire po tomorrow. Get your life together bro. Yeah Bro. And you keep coughing in that cold bro. Wash that motherfucker bro. That coat filthy. Yeah. Anyway, D Star Monday. They definitely did not want you sponsoring him in that jacket right now man. Send to go for me up for freaky mike, man. Super cha him some money so he can get some orange juice saying Whatever Bobby Portis took to Yeah, we we sorry Sierra, we know you pour champagne on freaky mike every Friday. Champagne Friday is canceled for the foreseeable future. No, the Bobby Portis is crazy. Let's start there.


Damn man. BP SUSPENDED 25 games for a banned substance man. I told him he cannot take Nevermind. I ain't gonna do, I ain't gonna do that ti I know we got sponsor shit. Yeah, don't, don't do bp but I don't know what's going on. You feel me? The niggas that I do know that take drugs, they got banned for life. So this must be on a lighter scale. Nah, he Somebody accidentally Yeah Switched the, He said he asked for his phone boy for a painkiller, which is Toradol and it was named something else that sound like Toradol and he took it and it was on the band substance list. Damn. Yeah, it's a tough break for Milwaukee 'cause you, you're losing arguably one of your six men of a year candidates for 25 games going down their stretch.


It's gonna be a tough loss for them. But that opened up room for Kyle Kuzma and for sure Kevin Porter Jr. That's why the moves they made at the trade deadline were huge. 'cause getting Kyle Kuzma and KP J Yeah That's going to solidify they bitch for sure. Yeah. Like you said, if they would've not made a moves and then at this loss, that would've been never detrimental to them. Go close now season 'cause that stretch between 3, 4, 5, 6 in the east is like almost a couple games. So yeah. So shout out to John Horse for making that move right there 'cause that might have saved y'all season. Yeah, for sure man. Before we get to the win vote, shout out to Uncle Rick Patino man. He had been dropping bars on the internet these last couple of weeks.


Man. One I wanted to ask you about as a high school coach, he basically said like, you know, we having a great year but we got a lot of good guys leaving this program and I gotta replace these guys. I can't replace 'em with high school players. Yeah. How does that play into like the mindset of you coaching kids, letting 'em know alright the game is different now y'all made, quit acting like your only competition is in this locker room. I'm so glad Lou put this in the, in the in the joint. Lou put this right, you did Shout to Lou. I'm show okay. Yeah Lou did that because we had, we talked about this in practice, right? And this is a game changer when you hear a coach like Rick Pitino and we had a pipeline of Rick Pitino, my dad played for Rick Pitino. Right? So you obviously we gonna reach out to him and his staff, you see some of the players that we got on our team.


But for him to say that they'll let you know as a high school kid, like my job is always on the line as a coach now. Yeah. And we pay you guys to play if you not delivering I gotta, I gotta get rid of you 'cause they gonna get rid of me. Look at Indiana Woody, he paying these kids all this money. They not delivering. Everybody want Woody head. Get him outta here. We got us paying these kids in they trash number One that they paid the off season N io. Yeah. So everybody want them to get outta here. So as a high school kid you gotta understand now you competing against people that's been in college for two or three years that don't get to play at a high level or they just wanna transfer and get more money. Then you also competing against Juco JUCO kids who actually get four years now after they leave Juco just like you outta high school.


So now you at a uphill battle against grown men. So if you ain't putting in no work in high school, you damn near gonna get missed a boat. No for sure because these D two kids too are going to school and they getting better and they grown men. So if I got a D two kid that been in school for two years and they got better and I got a high school kid who I can get, I'm like shit, he already been to college for two years. Body developed, I don't gotta worry about the immature stuff. He know how to play the game. Let me get this D two kid who been playing well who's been averaging 20 at the D two level. He can come help me right now. I don't gotta develop him or nothing. So that's why I tell the kids at Pike, if you find a college that fall in love with you as a sophomore, junior, senior and they offer you a scholarship you might need to really tap in instead of waiting and saying oh all these offers gonna come to me.


I'm like okay if you a five star them the only people getting them offers like that a five star elite level facts. Yeah. That they feel they can come help them immediately 'cause they paying you money. Yeah. All those shaky. 3, 4, 3 star, four star. It ain't gonna be the same man you gonna be waiting, waiting and waiting and then it might get a little spooky. So you find a school that love you and you love that school man you might want to tap in. Yeah Tell you dropping gospel this morning and like nah Man that shit getting spooky for these kids man. And on the flip Side of it's those JUCO kids, those division two, division three school kids, them games aren't get better 'cause now listen we always had the kids I wanna go D one now. That might be the route now honestly. 'cause that's giving yourself an advantage if you ain't all The way there.


Yeah. Facts man. Juco might be definitely the move 'cause you can go there for two years, a year or two. Two still have four years still. Yeah. Go lock in. Get that NIL from a school for four years now Man. And you developed your game. You older, you more seasoned and that's what coaches want. They want kids, they can plug and play right now they don't need no developing. So that's why once again you high school kids, if you find a school that loves you and they want to offer you a scholarship outta high school but you gotta tap in. Yeah. I'm signing junior year. Yeah because or committed. Yeah. You know what I mean? 'cause it's gonna get spooky and I hate that 'cause your goal was to go to college after high school. Right? Like I play high school basketball, I go to college but now that guys can transfer whenever they want money, all this stuff.


It's just tough for high school kids. But most definitely. But also a benefit too is some of those kids who go to JUCO route and didn't have that success in D one. Yeah. Now you got a chance to make money if you not going to the, you go kill, get it NIO deal. Make half a ticket, maybe a meal if you're lucky enough and you know, then you start your overseas career. A lot of these kids was coming outta college just having to figure it out. So it is definitely pros and cons in situations. It was definitely pros and cons. I mean like a JUCO kid who just was on a, on a bad path. You can change your life for two years. Go to Juco, get your life together and then you can go play at a high level D one. Yeah. And shit really changed your life. So it's it's pros and cons to everything. But shout out to Uncle Rick for putting that out there. 'cause now I put everybody on alert.


Yeah and what he doing up there. It's like man it's crazy bro. Man the way he turned around that program two years you only can understand. And then like even on the football side, if you hear what Deion Sanders said, he said I don't even use my money for to fly. You know you got 200,000 a year for the private flights to go recruit. Yeah. He was like what I need that for. I ain't going to recruit. I'm going straight to the portal. What's up? I ain't going see you high school kids. You hear your favorite coach Rick Patino legendary coach Deion Sander one of our favorite coaches. Come On bro. That's True. I ain't wasting my time recruiting you high school kids. Y'all can't help me right away. My job on the line every year. Yeah. So this a bunch of 23, 24 year olds that I can go snag that Already Get you.


I'm gonna wait get you with you 21 King. Yeah. Have Four years of eligibility. I can go get somebody. That is crazy though bro. Think about I'm gonna go get somebody from Alabama. Who was the second stringer at Alabama? He was second string. He got it. He made some plays. He ain't get the play dude coming back. He a sophomore 22. He already not Apl lemme get him. I ain't gotta go get that 18-year-old that's still live with his mama. Man. Nigga That made that fake school was ahead of his time. Bishop Sycamore. Bishop Sycamore was ahead of their time. He no The real D Tax bro. That's crazy bro. I couldn't imagine being 18 and football is different than Hoop. Yeah nigga you 18 going to a school and it's a team.


You play Colorado. Everybody 21 and up bro. Man Facts You damn near do you. That's damn near going against NFL players at that point. I've been lifting for three years straight at the college level. I done seen every defense. Fuck you fresh outta Pike. Weight Room, You're Cook, you're A Christmas. For sure man. And last not least man. Sadly some news about Wimy man out for the season with a blood clot. Mm Please. Prayers out for him. Give well soon with that. We have seen these things go many different ways. Happily that they caught it. Hopefully it gets the treatment he deserves. But yeah he will be out for a while man while That Yeah that ain't slick though. I mean get well soon but yeah You think they trying to catch the flag? I read some shit. I said ah this is the Tim d effect.


Okay. See what y'all did. But They, they not gonna get the first pick though because they got Dion Fox and they winning. Yeah They They was fun to watch Dion Fox was raw. Yeah. Facts. I ain't gonna lie. He cold. I know I always say everybody cold but he raw like, like when I watch him play you see it like man he just got it Now if we see D Fox sit down in the next three to four Games, then we, bro we know something fix then the fixes in. Yeah. If he, if he stops playing basketball at the beginning of March. Yeah we know what time it is. But you know what, I, I ain't, I wouldn't be mad if, if the Spurs got Ace Bailey and taught him how to play.


That's that's nice. Ace Bailey or Yeah, ACE Bailey and tra Hey chill out y We don't need that type of energy in. They do Bro. The same up. Think if you got Ace Bailey, you teach him how to play. Keep CP around 'cause you can see, you can, you can tell how better like Castle got since he been around cp. True. And I ain't, you know I ain't know. I ain't trying to glaze pulls but like Yeah the effect is real. Yeah. CP made him a better player when I first seen him. I'm like damn man he getting better and better. We was already fans but now you can see the game slowed down. It's looking easy for him now. Like 15, 16 off the bench is light for him.


Like I know he gonna get that. Yeah and you can start seeing him take that corner now you put him Fox, ACE Bailey, Wendy and you, you can go whoever you want. Whatever his name is. All them. Yeah. Yeah. They got nice squad Sel. You got him. See that's when you can trade. That's a guy you can trade. You got, He gonna have to be the piece and move on. Showcase him All and you can get another like core like veteran 'cause Vasel good. He Hope if you had the opportunity to pick him or Cooper, are you still taking Ace? Oh no I'm no fool. I'm no fool. You fool pick you capturing Flag. I'm capturing the flag.


How do you feel about Dylan Harper in that situation? I don't like him over there. They got already got Fox and Castle. I don't like it. Keep him, keep him. I he need to go where He can just have the balls himself. Yeah. Okay. Not, not to Utah. See Dylan Harford need to go to the Wizards where they put the ball in his hand then you can start building around him. Okay. You put him with some savvy vests. Keep Chris Middleton. Yeah. Get some better bigs. He can have the John Wall effect. Yeah he can just hoop. Okay. Yeah because him and Utah man Utah's not, I don't wish that for you. I pray he don't go to Utah. Yeah I ain't mad at him in New Orleans either though. Damn. Boogie moving up in that motherfucker draft because He been hooping He hurt.


Yeah he hurt. He he moving up. That's, that's a, I don't know who need him up there. I'm just saying I don't, I don't know who needs him up there in that top six. All them No no, no. You know who the, everybody Got point guards. You know who nasty in this draft? No, I mean people talk about him but we don't talk. Talk about him. Trey Johnson from Texas. Trey Johnson got, oh my goodness. He probably the best scorer in the Draft. I've only seen two games. I ain't got to Really seen, I think he scored a ball better than Ace Bailey. This is just me. About when I watch him play I say ah You think he scored better or he just more efficient? No, no, no. He, he scored at Ball Man go look at they stats. I mean Ace Bailey is nasty. Ace Bailey is taller. Yeah He like six, nine, whatever it is.


Yeah dude a pure two No facts. He scored that ball man. He's he Bradley Bill. But I only, I only seen like a couple games from him though. I was watching like a couple of s Yeah I what you averaging? I like him. I But I ain't had enough Average 20. Yeah Freshman. I ain't had enough choice. That's nice bro. What a team that is what a on a team with not a bunch of go to h Bailey baby 18 I'm telling you. But that's seven boards solid 46%. He more efficient. Yeah. And what's crazy is no disrespectful with a little bit more effort. That seven board can be 10 with Ace Tre shooting more jumpers though. It's different shit.


It, we see the crazy, we see the crazy highlights bro. The Ace highlights but Ace Ace go to the cup bro. Me do he go to the cup but I, I, I fuck with the all I get it but like the highlights around the nigga to the basket bro. Yeah what I'm saying is Ace Bailey gonna be a, he gonna be like, I ain't saying he gonna beat Kevin Durant but you remember, you remember like how we used to, Kevin Durant was so good on Couch so no it's not gonna add up but his, I'm trying to think of somebody who wasn't that good in college. We didn't see it. Maybe Andrew Wiggins like when we seen Wig in college, he had that one game. He went off for 40 against West Virginia or something like that. But we didn't see what we saw in high school.


Yeah. He was like damn we remember when you seen Andrew Wiggins in high school, he like this nigga LeBron. Yeah. And then when he got to the league it was a guaranteed 20 and you like steal, that's gonna be Ace Bailey like even though he averaging what damn near 18, 19 he killing. But when he gets to the league he gonna be a easy 20 points. I want him Be on his Michael Porter Jr. Shit when he get to the league it's straight killer. Nah man don't do that man. Nah bro. You don't need to pass bro. They pay you to Shoot. Yeah he going, he gonna average, he gonna, he gonna come in the league his first year. He probably gonna average like 14. He gotta Get a little shy. 14, 15 after that. I could see him being a 20 point scorer for sure. But I also can see him being Cam reddish. Damn I do.


Damn he play harder than Cam. I'm not saying he don't, but this is the same thing we thought about Cam Raddish won when he left Duke. I'm like He was an offense. He get the league After he, the court gonna open up he's six eight. He was gonna be unbelievable. He was, he was supposed to have the Jason Tatum effect with the high swear to Gods What? I thought He really, he really was. You right about that bro. So It's like I think he gonna be, I think he gonna average 20. I think he a great player but Mm. It's two ways it can go. We Thought that he was gonna be the help for, for Troy Young down there. When I went to the conference spot we thought all right next year he gonna be the step up. I said what we got Cam at 10 whatever we got like we got Cam at 10. Oh we lit?


Yeah And D Hunt. I thought we had, I was like it's wing for the future. Yeah I was like it's over. Dang. For sure. All right. Super Chat BC vs. Let's read this. NBA revamp scrap East West Conference Energy League NBA League one and two 20 teams. Each league with a 14 relegation system moved the in state fi in season tournament final to Allstar weekend B here. Got the details. No the fuck I don't Man, that's too much fucking thinking this morning man. I ain't wanna cuss this morning but boy you went in debt boy. You been? Yeah you playing too much 2K bro. Yeah you need to. That's A 2K. This Is my man that be doing a video with Us. Is that bbc?


That's BBC Media. That's BCV. Make sure You need to, you need to make a league yourself. Yeah, pro league One. The teams in East League with a 14. He said scrap the G League. Damn. Yeah bro this ain't the motherfucking Gus Smacker bro. What the fuck? We just Got mad. The G leaguers be the officer we can hit. They different about to put him on record squad. Come On. Yeah, that's crazy. Shout out to the super channel man. That's too much money bro. Hell yeah. Yeah 2040 teams bro. Hell no. 40 teams bro. Nah, the s season tournament being the All Star weekend though would be fire if we gonna bullshit the All Star game. That's one thing I like about that. That would be fire.


But That's just more game. I mean I don't know man. You talking about the finals of the end season tournament? Yeah actually Like the championship game. But it has to be a little bit more than just the bread on table then. But I think they should make the Allstar team Allstar game like baseball home quarter. Yeah, whoever won the east but then it like take away yo season like being the number one team in the league or whatever. It don't really matter. You know what I mean? Yeah. But For sure man they play Harder. We'll see man. Let's get to some scor from yesterday. LeBron took over the game yesterday with a 40 ball. They beat the Blazers one 10 to 1 0 2. Don't forget his 10 turnover. 11. I was watching that show at LeBron boy. He turned up And what's Listen but shout out to bro.


That Is, we trying to highlight Brian. That's like I said Girl you got a fat ass but you ugly than the motherfucker. That's basically what this nigga is just killed. We trying to celebrate him and you bring up that ugly ass stand than this nigga that's More like you fought as hell, you just ain't got no titties. So you he's a real titty boy. He does have the most boy you cannot have no door knobs fucking with Tee Rieger. Doorknobs is crazy. Boy going Fuck. Let's get back to regular schedule program. Sorry about that. 48 forces.


11 turn numbers as well. Shout out to Austin Reeds. Man went crazy yesterday but 32 and seven after The ejection. Come on man. Way the back bounce back With Sure man. Hey man, old man Brian most 40 point games is somebody over 40. I mean shit don't nobody else play over 40. He in the league all the records as he is to. Yeah He gonna have every record. He Ain. Nobody Ever gonna break. He go against Robert Parrish. Nah, thanks Kevin. Will Vince Carter? Yeah he gonna win. Oh don't worry It is over. LeBron is crazy though to get 40 points at 40. Man my career high is 34 and I was 20. Damn This nigga 40. Damn. It's unbelievable bro. What he can do is unbelievable.


Still Hoofing man. They got the win without Luca last night. Hey man, shout out to Oscar Reeves. Austin Reeves. I know there've been some conversations about Chandler Parsonson. You know, is he the best third option in the league? But hey Reeds been balling. Who is It? Let's, let's have this debate right now. Best third Option. Who? The third option in the league? Mm, it's he the best Third option. Name me. Let's go through the teams. Is he better than Bradley? Bill Bradley. Bill a third option. You taking Austin res as Bradley Bill this Year? He more Austin Reeds. Yeah, This year. All right, let's name another team through the Knicks. The Knicks is either better than Og OG or Mikel Bridges? No, No. Gimme Austin Over OG Over Bridges.


Here. I og. I'm not, I'm Cool. Give me Austin Reese. That's tough for me. Y'all fuck where they are. That's tough for me. I'm I'm gonna take him over OG Celtics. Celtics third option. No. No he's not better than they. Fifth option. Yeah. You think he better than Drew? Third option is Pingus. Oh it's quiet. Fourth option is Derrick White fip option is Drew. Drew. Right. I had to think about that. Yeah. Yeah that's Paul George Austin Reef. He's more valuable now. Yeah, this year. Yeah. Gro No No.


Desmond Bane. I love db. Yes. Ah nah I'm going Desmond Bane 'cause he held it down. I mean they weren't shit but he held it down when y'all wasn't there. They be winning games when he out there. He beat it moving that second option lot. So I'm gonna show some Love DB in that situation. Clay Thompson. Oh yeah. Just respectfully. That's not, that's too much guys. Yeah. Alright. Taste a lot. Alright listen I got a good team Toronto. Is he better than the three options on Toronto? RJ Barrett, Scotty Barnes, Brandon Ingram? Nah, Because RJ been killing this year.


Mm. RJ been hooping like number one option when Scotty wasn't there. Ain't one should Either. Brandon Ingram, hell nah. Yeah I'm sleeping on that one. He Ain't, he is not better than who else on that motherfucker. He not better than Tallah Hero. Tallah Hero was the first option. I was gonna say he nuo. I thought he was pulling up third Inman quickly for the Raptors. I forgot He better than Is he better than all four of them? I'll Take him over Emanuel quickly. Hell no. I am, I'm not. Fuck man. I'm taking him over Chris Middleston too. Fuck no. And Draymond Green. Damn you. How ar Yeah I am Though. He been balling man. I gotta show some respect for He is bawling but I ain't taking him over man.


Quick. Alright.


Dell Technology is celebrating with the anniversary savings on their most popular tech. For a limited time only save a select next Gen PCs like the XPS 16 powered by Intel core Ultra processor and more, unleash more possibilities with cutting edge systems. There's most advanced features and great prices. Plus curate your dream. Set up the deals on select monitors. Mice and more must have electronics and accessories when you shop online. dell.com/deals. You'll have access to the state of art technology to match your forward thinking spirit and free shipping on everything. Anniversary Servings await you for limited time only at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


Dash pass has a member only deal for the 24 25 BA season. They swoosh you save when any player scores 50 or more points in the game during the 24 24 B regular season dash pass members save 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Shay has 50 point games. So the A VP front murder might get you another soon. Use the promo code NBA 50 today after the 50 point game during the 24 25 NB. A regular season from noon to midnight. Get half off of an order when a player goes through four throttle and scores 50 points or more in a single game up to $10. Yes, it's any player in any game, but it's only for dash pass members now remember, sign up for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders. Plus exclusive perks like this one valid with use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game or eligible orders at participating. Merchants must have an active dash pass account terms apply. Don't forget this. Promo Cole NBA 50 valid for dash pass members only from noon to midnight the day after any player scores 50 points or more in a single game. Dash pass member say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Sign up for dash pass.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot Edu.


Who doesn't love Reese's peanut butter cups? Answer, nobody. They've been one of the most delicious parts of your life forever. Everybody knows they can't get any better. Right Well after you try the new Reese's Chocolate Lava big cup, a delicious twist on your favorite treat, you might change your mind. The Reese's Chocolate Lava Big cup is the perfect combination of creamy milk chocolate, delicious peanut butter and an ooey gooey chocolatey filling. It's a different kind of delicious. You know the chocolate filling just takes it to a whole extra level. It's a totally completely new kind of Reese's peanut butter perfection. Lucky you. Lucky everyone. So you really just have to ask yourself how you like your peanut butter cup the way you've always loved it. Or with a gooey chocolate lava center. Or don't choose and have both. Yeah, that sounds like a plan. Shop Reese's chocolate lava big cup now at a store near you found wherever candy is sold.


Next game man. Celtics took care of the six yesterday. 1 24 to 1 0 4 belt to as situation for show. Peyton Pritchard went crazy with 28, had eight threes. JT got a triple double. JB had 26 and six. But man, your boy Peyton Pritchard, you said he might get that six man of a year roll 28 on eight threes. He already Locked it in. Yeah, that's his, that's his to lose now. I mean I'm so happy for that kid man to see. I know how hard he worked. He took my spot as a rookie. He was the reason I got traded. They like, well think Peyton fits the team a little better. I was like, yeah, yeah. I was like yeah. He go shoot the three i I need the ball. Yeah. And he, he man, he used to put unbelievable work so to see what he is doing.


I knew he was good when I seen him as a rookie. I knew he was good. And to see him doing what he is doing now, he's so underpaid. Yeah. They got him On steal. They got him on the steal. I get it. But he's so underpaid. Eventually he's gonna get traded and he's gonna get his chance to be a starter. But he's so underpaid right now. Listen man, we talked about everybody needed a break. The Celtics probably needed that just as bad as anybody else. Do we expect them to go ahead and make that big run going into the postseason? Yeah. I seen how Jaylen Brown was playing. He was talking so much trash to Tyrese. Maxey. Yeah. I said oh they on something different. He caught alive and started yelling. Mm. Like Jaylen Brown is like slowly becoming one of my favorite players.


When I played with jb, I always keep it real. I hated playing with JB 'cause he would had tonal vision. He was trying to score that, you know what I mean? He'd be open, he'd be like kick it on fast breaks. But I understood what he was trying to do. He was trying to solidify that deal. He was trying to solidify himself as an all star. And it was a competition between him and Tatum to me at that time. You know, just trying to solidify themself as a team as, as they grew they got the max deals or whatever. Now you can see 'em. They a team now. Yeah, it's all good. We all eating. We all so superstars. We all gonna make all NBA, all that good stuff. And now he's starting to become one of my favorite people to watch. 'cause he compete every day, every night bro.


He be out there playing hard as hell and he guard the best player. Told you I buried him down in Mitchell bro. And I ain't, I when I watch I ain't mad at you. At first I was mad at you. You Was. But as I keep watching JB me, I need some of them 7, 7 7 sevens. Whatever they called He can keep them motherfuckers but What's They called? Seven? Seven 40 ones. Maybe I need seven. Four ones. Seven is crazy. What That cost? I was saying that because sevens is good numbers. I say those 7, 4 6, Let's get it right. I want it is a black brand. I'm gonna respect it for Out. Yeah. What the seven four ones. He went to NINGs. Oh my gosh Bro. Get this, get him some cough syrup. Yeah I Gotta say we gotta get Mike if you got the Plugs not this is seven, Send Mike White.


I'm Just saying JB Let me look him up bro. I can say we Just gave up. Look it up. You call Brown to guard. Underappreciated, disrespected a lot in the media space. There Go 7 41. There we go. We 7 41. Like I I'm when they come on they on sale. I'm gonna buy a pair of seven four ones. Buy 'em. Buy 'em. Retail? Yeah. Oh. What type up shot? I'm always down with black Brother. He the, he official bro. I don't know. Just official. I rock with him. He become one of my favorite players to watch. And I see other guys wearing the shoes. I see Peyton Pritchard hoop in them. What's the guy call him Bud? Is it Bud from Washington?


What's his name? Bud Carrington. Yeah, he was wearing them so it was dope to see he he doing it his way but way he play on the court. I'm a fan. Yeah, you Got respected to what he did off the court. Like you said going to get Nike making his own shoe. That's fire Then the whole agent situation out the mud that way. Only thing salute it. There's a preference about basketball but when you making moves like that you gotta salute it. For sure. Yeah. Sixers what the hell they gonna do nothing Or They just gonna blow their team up in the off season. Mess around get Cooper flu. They don't deserve it. Y'all gonna be shitty Bro. They be getting booed so hard. I gonna be shitty. I had to turn the TV down because they just boo the whole time. I couldn't even hear the commentators.


Yeah, they're not happy with this team dog. I Wouldn't be Either Tyrese. I hate how they play Jerry McCain. I'm something I like. I used to like what's smart Nick Nurse? Yeah when he was the Toronto it was because of they personnel. They had less than he could do. You know all these crazy things and make 'em look good. Like he had, I mean Van Fleet is nice but you know he had him playing well he had all these guys Pastor No divas. Yeah, no divas. Nobody we knew. Yeah. So it kind of fit like they center. Who was they center at that time That was Aqua? It wasn't Jacob Hold was it? I can't remember. I Don't remember. But they had obviously they, they didn't play through their center.


Yeah they played through their guards and now that they gotta play through dwelling beat. It just don't look the same as Arkansas Was that big then? Yeah, Arkansas wasn't Toronto only. He Wasn't for sure But they didn't play through the big, they played through Kauai Van Fleet, Kyle Lowry. So it just look his offense, all that stuff look. Yeah Pascal. It look different now. Like I don't like it. Wow. You need to just revamp get the young guys in there. If Cooper get there or even Hayes, they'll be all right. Do You move and beat if you can. Yeah Bro. But they can't. Yeah you can't. But yeah Move. But yeah movie if you, Okay Y Don't think anybody else say Joe Big Niggas will bro.


Lakers, he just mean too much to the team really trading away MVP when he healthy nigga come back, send out 40 games, come back and get 50. I seen worse though. Alright, We just seen Luca yet. Yeah it is time. I ain't gonna lie. If the Sixers one it's time though. Start back. Yeah It's time to move on. I mean Luca should have been like a all right, well fuck it. Even the way he like Joella B is one of the best basketball players to ever grace this planet Earth. Right. But the way he play, yeah you can move on from him. Yeah, but right now it ain't the same. Only thing I hate about him, he really a ball stopper. He a ball stopper. But they to trade that away bro.


Fuck at least Dallas got motherfucking ad. Yeah you can get it. You Can't can't trade this nigga just for You gonna get something. Yeah, All they gonna say Something. It won't be no I need motherfucking precious bucha like I need heavy. You Gonna get, you gonna get picks like nah you can get, It's a couple. Send me no Moy Cyrus my nigga. Nah You can get a couple guys for you can send him out to Phoenix And you send him Brad bill and who else Would he No I'm just saying you can get, I'm just saying people who got players, that shit can go, you can, you can trade him for some crazy Thing is I think if he goes somewhere else then he gonna play a lot.


Good play because as long as he in Philly he not gonna do that. Yeah That was gonna say that's cool for him 'cause he's not gonna play there. They been babying him way too long. Damn. Since rookie year. Trust the process baby. For sure He brought an MVP there but it just, the way they played they came win a championship the way they game. Look it don't mm Get well soon man. For sure disperse security. The sons yesterday the first game without wi one 20 to 1 0 9 D. Fox, like you said murder yesterday 26 9 N seven kd Hooped out with 22 book has 17 and Brad Bill had 19 N nine. Shout to Chris Paul Man became number two in all time steals yesterday. That game. Yeah your sons man losing the game without wi. I mean we know we talk about the Spurs getting better but come on man.


What's up? Suns are they're awful to watch too. Yeah they just not clicking bro. They got the weed is mid then The weed, the quality went down. It went down. They gotta just get, they gotta start over like I ain't, It's just a bad that's damn near. This might be like the worst trio ever bro. They ruined for real. Worst speak up. I ain't, they ruined they team when they traded for KD and KD is cold. He wasn't the greatest ever but they just had a better synergy. Like a better energy around like when it was Cam and Mikel. Mikel They did, They was bawling.


That's true. The sons was fired. They made to the chip, AEN, AEN all them they could have trained Aen or whatever they want to do got rid of AAN and coulda brought somebody else in but they should never gave up the wings 'cause it let de book be de book. Like ain't no way we see de book with 17 points. No we Deb book used to get 60 and shit. Yeah de book 55. He having real regular games now. And it is just because he being a team player it's like they kind of bought into a system. Everybody just like alright. Yeah. And then they used to get premium point guards even though when Ricky Rubio was there he was like a point guard like I get you the ball, blah blah blah. Then CP came super leader turned it up and nothing against Tys Jones.


He just in over his head like I love Tys, I know that's my dog. But you gotta, you can't be yourself. You gotta get Brad build the ball book the ball KD the ball. Yeah You just out there to make five And you can't fix This. Nah you just trying to hit the open three man. When you get a chance. Yeah When it is gone You can't be yourself man. Stressful basketball, It's too, it is too man. It is too much bro. Yeah it is the worst trio Ever bro. And Coach Bud can't even coach this. Then you got Bobo he can hoop. You don't know what to do with him. But They so happy to get rid of Nurk 'cause Nurk was messing up the locker room. Yeah bro. It didn't really ner, it just, they got it is just not a good blend. The vibes are not there.


Nah they, it ain't a good blend. You need to, obviously you can't trade Dee book but you can't trade Brad Bill Without my permission. Yeah Because he got the keys to the, you know what I mean? It just legend. Just a bad Throw the sons away A bad fit. Throw them away For sure man. Hey man DRA Fox score 11 straight, the final three Miss of the game man. One of the best clutch players in the NBA For sure. That's crazy man that we about to really have a a super team with him. Win being another star coming soon bro. They can get another star. San Antonio gonna be lit. I Just pray. I just pray win Weby can come back healthy and most definitely, you know I hope it ain't no Chris Bch situation where he gotta you know be done or some shit like that. That hurt my heart that Chris Bch had to sit out like that.


So hopefully Weby He get that blood clot up outta there. Yeah, around. Especially like Brandon Ingram's situation. He had to ease it out too. Paul's but you know what I'm saying, he's back healthy as well. So prayers up for Weby. That's a serious, serious situation beyond basketball for sure. Man. I don't go to that back. This of the Steels? Yeah Chris Paul got two yesterday at it. No fuck him. Jordan is four. I didn't know that. Yeah Black Cat. Look at John Stockton though. That's That's, that's not real. Yeah that's not real bro. CP you are number one cp you're for sure What's like extra like 500, 600? Yeah half That cp. You are number one And so we just going exit John Stockton out everything. Yeah fuck. Fuck him bro. You used to be my favorite white boy. But you was working with the Feds bro.


You was working with the Feds bro to have your stats. He literally like that. Literally Not working with the feds. He was bro he's against almost, I was gonna say nah he was working with your peoples bro. Nah, one about him once You get his stats. Nah y'all can't tell me no different. No way you get your stats like That. No that's fraudulent. I'm not disagreeing. I'm saying what he is on the real life or he is not with the feds but the Fed can't What I said John Stockton one of Them. No, John Stockton said I'm not fucking with that Covid vaccine and they said oh really? He, they, they found his radical stuff and he, they have not rocked with him ever since. You have not seen tall now his, his stats and everything been popping up. We Didn't hear none of that about his stats being messed up or Jake until after That. So don't put sweat on John that he a gangster.


I dunno what He's but we gonna lead John out of this. John Is with John. Hey did I tell you I seen that nigga in real life bro. He tall. He's huge bro. Tall. He tall. He bigger. He's Crazy. He Literally taller than me. Yeah Bro. That's how I feel about Steve Nash. All nigga chess huge bro. Nah bro. Go look at the mo Dream team D bro bro he ain't a little white boy bro. Stop. Stop Being to the Beach. That's how I felt about Steve Nash. I just knew Steve Nash some little five 10 white dude dribbling around. He walked up there he six four. What the fuck Steve Nash? Yeah. Damn. I'm looking at him like damn He ain't skinny. He like my size. Oh shit.


I, I about, I post him up and shit. He looking at like Luis Please find the clip Jeff posted up. No I was, I guess I thought I was until I walked up to it like shit you ain't about to post that dude. He about to post you up fool like and Jason Kidd like Jason Kidd big as shit. What about Cal Low? He short? He real little. He probably like 5 10, 5 11 but he strongest shit like you know who was strongest as shit Eric Bledso for sure Sky bro. Yeah. Special bro. He should play football. I mean obviously he is Good at basketball. He like that dog that you had. Oh my god.


Three XL Pit Bull. Hey What was that dog name you had? What Was it The King course? Gotti. Gotti. That nigga definitely built like Gotti. Oh God. Hey shout to everybody. So best tweet of all time. I don't want to be here and went Phoenix. He's like I'll sent them off my girl trade the next day. I wanna Get outta Phoenix. Retweet that for sure. The Bucks beat the Clippers yesterday. One 16 to one 10. Man I think that buck's going on a little run man That was bro said that was a big loss of bp but I still think they, they straight, you know we talked the dame at All Star so everybody on the same, you know what I mean? Same path. Yeah They can plug in Uzma for the loss of Bobby Porter so it's straight But also Damion is still Damion even though Dame didn't had the greatest game last night, they just got the ability to take over games.


Yeah and James Harden and them they they just on the road it's a tough, tough place to play. Tough place to win For sure. But I like, I like KPJ for them man. Brooke Lopez getting 22 That's healthy too. He can get that. Not saying he get that every night but they, because Gianni's on way it say 24 minutes so everybody was hooping yesterday Out to the parenthesis. But yeah man that's crazy. If Lopez can do that twice a series, it's gonna get spooky bro. Do you think the court opened up having, having cos in there and set of BP like you said as Far as that? I mean giving Brooke a little bit more to Shoot mean Bobby? Nah, Bobby can spread the floor too.


Bobby's a, he can make three. He's a good three point shooter. It's the pace they play with. Okay. Like Kuzma is a, I can get it off the rim pulls and push the tempo. Yeah for sure. Like I run the floor, I try to get easy lays. I'm not saying Bobby don't but he just actually a better athlete than Bobby Porters. Yeah Pure. That's it. KP J's a better athlete than whoever else they had coming off the bench. Hmm. See they can make plays. They trade him for what? Amp? Maron. Yep, Maron. KPJ can play point guard. He can score, he can facilitate. It's just a great pickup for them for sure. They needed that. Alright now there's a lot of pressure on the bucks this off season.


What you think is a quote unquote failed season for them. Do they have to get to the conference finals? They have to get to the conference finals. Okay. If they don't get to the conference finals it is a blow up. It's a rebuild mode for sure. Yeah it's, we gotta start thinking about something different. Damn. Alright. It's the truth 'cause you traded for Dame last year. We thought it was our time traded for Dame. Obviously Dame went through a lot in his personal life to move all that stuff that he had to do to get there. So he wasn't a hundred percent himself. Now y'all didn't have a year. Boom. He him himself this year he is playing great. Allstar, Giannis, Allstar, everything going well.


They don't make to the conference finals. It's like what are we doing? Yeah, I'm rolling with that for sure. Super check question. I don't know how to say your name but I'll spell it. X-U-E-A-G. Random but where do you rank? 50 cent Get Rich Do trying on your all time list. That's kind, this is five 20. Okay. And probably in the, in my five 50 cent album. He in my five. I Don't know where to rank it but I respect the fuck out the album. That album is fire. It's top 10 for me. Yeah. Still slaps to this day. It's Probably like seven. Damn. You can name six albums better than that. Personally that I like. Okay. I like Blueprint. Mm I love Black album.


I love Thug Motivation. I love a Carter won. Carter won Better than Get Richard without trying. That's just me personally. I like the Carter one. Okay. That first four on that bitch is just, it's Pressure who It is right there. It's one the best rap albums of all the time. Yeah it's right there. I ain't, yeah for sure I ain't, You know You like what you like Though? I like Illmatic. Nah illmatic yo top 10 Respect. That's my top five. Damn Ain't at that for sure. Alright man let's get some more Games going through y'all nigga niggas. Nah I fuck With all. No no. Nah bro. I just, I had something in my throat.


What's up Matic Mad Game y'all top five? Not me personally bro. I respect it. It's a fire album. Chill Mike. That's crazy. That is crazy. Y'all niggas is childish. I just don't. Illmatic is cool bro. Like respect. That's a good album bro. It's Power Album classic. It's just not one of my favorites. Yeah I always played it when I was by myself. Respect. Moving On a couple games last night about to add situation in Nap Town. Basically beat the Grizzlies yesterday. 1 27, 1 13. Shout to Tyrese. Hooped out 22 and nine miles Hooped as well. 17. 10 to seven. Deba cooked yesterday with 22. Ja only had 12 yesterday. Welcome day for Ja Magic B Hawks 1 14 1 0 8.


You know what it is. Wait, Move on. I like that. I like the energy. Yeah it regularly feel me. Well People be, well people be messing up at bro they start that little bull Bs tre room or stuff like oh people think about Trey and Ja in the off season. Like people still human. Yeah that shit be affecting niggas like damn who said this? You know what I mean? Like they think about Trey. Y'all was gonna say especially what happened, you know what I'm saying? His house was broken into and he was unfortunately some things was missing when he came back. So on top of that type of personal situation then now you hear no rumors about you getting moved on for a mess. Yeah you be like I damn near need to move about this motherfucker. Yeah that's a hell of fucker robbing me. Y'all talking about Trey me? Yeah. It's time for me to go.


That's how your mind start going like you shouldn't do that. It was over a million dollars worth of stuff. Yeah boy A motherfucker down there and cleaned up Boy man Why? And that's tough man. Especially somebody who got his family around his kid like Nah that's A lot to think about. See and then when somebody, I ain't preaching this but now when somebody try to protect theyself now y'all see why you got shit. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And now now got so funny. Yeah. Now y'all see why my Yeah. Yeah that's why you got the lighter, you know what I'm saying? Pull the realy out the cardell. I just drive around Memphis with that motherfucker out all the way home nigga.


We just got that bitch out for no Reason. It's my new logo Pops. You get the other sir? Nah bro doing The drop off. Nah bro. Where y'all on bro? Nah pop shop out the sun. Nah bro. I'm just saying bro because if they would've ran up there, obviously they planned it out. It was a planned robbery. Yeah they knew he was gone or whatever but just imagine if somebody was happened to be at the crib. Yeah that's a lot to weigh in head too man. Good win pictures though. Dubs Dub Magic beat the Hawks yesterday. One 14 to 1 0 8. Bancar went crazy yesterday. 36, 10 and five. I think them boys can make a run man. Yeah. FS 25 7. But Trey Young hooped out yesterday 38 and Six.


He ain't got, we ain't got, he ain't got no help. Ain't missing Jalen bad. We ain't got Jalen, we down bad man. He doing best he can. The magic can make a run. They got them both boys healthy. Yeah, we might see the magic make a run for that four or five spot. My Favorite team, can we Go to the conference setting? I know they dropped but you know they can get hot. Well they at 28 and 29. Yeah They in seven. They can get hot man. You know they can, It's a three game difference between seventh and fourth and the east. So man, They could make a run bro. They get hot, they got the squad to do it. Could we go scroll but just a little bit more, but I wanna see the difference between Ah yeah Knicks ain catching Celtics.


Yeah, but if I'm the Knicks, I, I, I'm cool with moving to that four spot If you the Knicks. Yeah. I wanna see the calves before I wanna see the Celtics. I see. Like, But also do you wanna see the bucks though? I wanna see the calves before I see the Celtics. I'm not worried about, I'm not worried about nobody down there. Okay. I mean I ain't worried like my matchup. Three six. That's cool. I get out the first round but that second round to see the defending champs, it is tough.


Yeah, I'm cool. Like the bucks, they gonna stay at five. I hope that stays. The bucks gonna stay at five. I need Detroit to go get that 50 seat. Nah, come on Detroit. Nah, out here. So you worth something. The Bucks gonna stay at five. They don't wanna move. They wanna play the calves. I'm telling you. They they, they wanna play the calves. Nah, we need to piss them right there at that five spot so we can get them up out the paint real quick. Either the buck's going, the buck's gonna stay at four or five. They not messing with that too. No. Yeah they ain't gonna beat them. They gonna put that, they gonna hit that bubs but So you think the Knicks would potentially, you know what I'm saying?


Welcome that. That Cavaliers match up. Okay. Yeah But the Knicks bucks first round. It is tough though. That's A tough round because You still gotta see dam man. I mean but it's a how I feel about the Nixons year. But it is such a, it's still Damian bro. Yeah, But it's such a disappointment. If you gotta go against you that second round bro. Like no bro, that's a bad year. Yeah. Respect Nick Guy Eastern Conference championship goals bucks do too. You gonna have to run to somebody. That's what I'm saying that like okay that's cool but what's more embarrassing getting snuck in the first round by a team that like the bucks.


That ain't really a sneaky team. That's a terrible way to go out. Second round. Second round. You lost the Celtics, you couldn't do nothing about it. Damon Young out their first round and you move down for that. Oh that's wicked. I ain't saying they going do it but I don't. It's cool you gotta meet 'em at some point. You right. Yeah, I'll meet 'em in the second round. I don't wanna lose in the first round. You right. Cav Celtics Knicks, they so they might as well get him a buy if it was to start today. As much as I love the magic Celtics gonna wipe them niggas down For sure. Pisses Knicks would be ugly. That'd be that. I like that. Pistons, Knicks.


I mean I know the Knicks going Beat him but yeah, fucking in 91. I like bring the bring said Mar like walking through That door. Bring the, bring the rivalries back man. The Fuck. Let me see. Lemme see Pace. Lemme see Pacer's, Knicks, pistons. Knicks. I love where Pacer's Knicks that. Yeah Tyree act like Reggie Miller so Shit, you know what happens when we get to the garden about to ass. Let's move on though. CS beat the net yesterday one 10 to 97. Diamond Michel with crazy with 26 there Scarlet. 18 to nine. Moby 18 to 13. You know what I'm saying? Like that at the office for them Man Nets is trying to capture the flag as well. The Knicks beat the Bulls yesterday in overtime one 13 to one 11 Kat had 32 18 and Jalen Bruss had 22 and 12 And I just don't think the Knicks got enough man.


I ain't gonna lie to you. Me battling with the Bulls. Who's in the capture the flags sweepstakes too. They just like, these are real battles. It came down to a last second shot blocked from and then you see the calves just blowing. Yeah They smoking people. I don't know man. Think it's a different level. Yeah. Okay. Respect for show nuggets. Beat the hornets yesterday. 1 29 or one 15. Jamal Murray looking like he's back to the old school ways man. 34 piece Yoic at 29, 17 and nine. And your boy Miles, bridges had 36, 13 and seven. Where The hoop miles. But yeah the Denver nuggets are coming out the west. That's what you want. Yeah, Denver Nuggets are coming out of the west.


Jamal Murray is doing this on purpose man. Yeah he woke up. He's, they're coming out the west but he Legit been chilling first half of the year bro. And now he on the tear They they back, they coming out the west bro. It's Over. He play well what he's supposed to Yo is Really? Yeah bro. Lightweight just 'cause I mean SGA and them they record is so good and they hooping but the best player in the league is Yogi for sure. It is not even close. SGA is the most valuable. This is his year to win MVP. He's killing, he's called first team on NBA. All that good stuff. Yogi is the best player in the NBA Without doubt. And also and they're about to, they're about to make it to the finals and we're about to finally see Boston verse Denver.


Damn. Yeah because if it stays as is potentially you would have a Nuggets Grizzlies matchup. And that's Christmas. Mm Christmas. Yeah. I'll start what they did with Miles Turner last night and no disrespect to Triple J All Star Year. But he don't want shit to do with Yolk bro. Damn That's over with. Yeah, for sure. So Nuggets Celtics finals. That's what they thought it was gonna be last year. I'm not mad at that. Nuggets. KC What Bottle we got? Shit man, I don't know Hell got enough. We, we ain't season them enough. Nah, We don't got enough bro. They got Gar Yogi. We white people potato salad With the raisins.


Yeah for sure. Alright, let's get through some games today On white people watch the show. I'm just saying. Y'all know that shit nasty. You Shout Out to the recipes. I don't like potato salad anyway so I'm a potato salad. Connoisseur. Respect Knicks at Calves tonight. That's a good game. Damn. I got calves. Okay I'm gonna go K Nix. I'm go next. Grizzlies at Magic. Damn. Another good one. I'm taking Magic. I got Paolo killing tonight. Magic. I'm gonna go Grizzly. I don't think y'all gonna play as bad as he did yesterday. He gonna bounce back. Is he gonna play back to back? Okay. He Should bucks at Wizards Bucks.


Yeah. Yeah. Light work. He at Raptors. I'll take Raptors. I'm gonna take the Raptors. They Was in there with them. Tings. I'm gonna tell you. Raptors. Yeah It is at Raptors. Right. Album came out too. Yeah. I want Raptors as well. Home court advantage different right now. Yeah. Pistons at Spurs. Spurs. Mm Fox they they hooping. Mm. I'm gonna take Pistons bro. It's gonna be a hell of a matchup at that point Guard position tonight. Fuck it. I go Pistons. Why not Pelicans at Mavs Mavs. I'm taking the pills. Mm. I got, I got a little Trey getting a dub at night though. Shout To Trey. Mph dog for sure. Why not Mavs T Wolves at rockets.


Good game. There's a lot of good games on out the Rockets. Yeah We We might need to come in this bitch In The Morning. The Rockets. The rockets. Okay. Thunder at Jazz. Thunder. Yeah Like work and then where's at? Kings? Kings? I'm gonna go with the worst. I'm gonna go where as well. All right. Be here five buckets. Who's getting to it? I'll give it to Ben Carroll man. Mm, 36, 10 and five. I'm rocking My boy be. Damn. So you Got, you done got Mike. You done got this nigga About to lose teammate man. Oh no this this come from something else. Respect. I still gotta love.


That's Crazy. I just wanna move on with You. Ain't no pause one year. Nah, I don't know. I don't know know. Yeah I Y'all y'all Just move on man. Yeah, Yeah. Oh Nik Yoki had 29 17 and now that's my verified Buck yesterday. I'm put the one, I'm gonna go old man. Man I'm gonna go with, I'm gonna go with old man bro. He had 40 put whole body in your mouth man. We Got like when you start singing Old man bro. He had 40 shout Bra man at 48 4. What? They aint from the rule that said start It up, get well soon. Swallow her and spin her back out. You hear me? What Man, come on Get well soon.


You got being T Jeffrey T No. Why you making No For Bobo man. Play Bobo. Yeah. Got W you yesterday Castle special man. He a hundred million dollar nigga And he pointed at him. He pointed at him too. That's the disrespectful part. Rookie Of the year right there. Most definitely. Yep. You know what I like, I shouldn't say this 'cause it's gonna come off wrong.


I'm glad like I'm glad Pop is healthy and good but I'm glad he's not there 'cause they let him hoop usually pop do the rookies kind of bogus. You know what I mean? They don't get to play as much. They just be kind of bogus. Like even like Wendy last year, remember how they would play him? He'd be like they ain't give Wimy the ball. Yeah. At why y don't give him the ball, give him the ball, give him the ball. He kind of do all the rookies kind of like that. Even like the Jte Murray I remember he didn't get to play just all the rookies always had like a little tough time. I'm glad that pop is healthy but I'm glad that Castle got a chance to play under a different coach and he get a chance to hoop and we get to see how good he really is.


Most definitely. I agree with that a hundred percent. He gets to just go beat himself. He ain't gotta worry about beating the system 'cause you can't go against the system that's won that many championships even though it's probably outdated to an extent. Yeah for sure. I'm gonna go send him house man. Pg put my boy on Skates last night. Yeah PG Only on that island. He Need to give a song though. Oh pg wow. He did make him touch Earth though. That's what I'm saying. That nigga He hurt though man. He don't move the sun. Yeah he's hurt Cold bro. He's Definitely hurt. All his steps is like choppy now. Like go back like that first takeoff like you see that? Yeah he don't even, he can't get by nobody no more. He older but he still hurt.


He hurt Bro. He came out and said that he battling injuries. We'll probably Hear more. Yeah. What he said he get injections to play and stuff. Yeah bro you're hurt. He hurt PG But damn, look at the score. The skill Set is crazy bro. Yeah bro. Was seven minutes left in the game. It was, look at The score. The big shot takes the lead to 30. That's crazy. Who that Baldhead nigga Derrick. Derrick White. That nigga Remember before he was bald and we was like hey bro cut your hair Boy he he didn't grow it back. What? Sure man. Give off soon. See who you got man. Shit. Brian had 11 turnovers.


I love Brian but 11 turnovers is crazy Work You the all time leader in turnovers. I know you played the most Show this shit Mike, him booming on God damn Mark. Yeah bro you was on my game. Hey Damn bro. That's crazy. You not passing that physical whole ass nigga. He said I passed it bro. What? Fucking with me. I play it right now just fine. Which is crazy To me Bro. That's why I hate the NBA bro. Why don't, why isn't he, why didn't that go through for real? Why didn't that go through?


He's out there performing Bro. They, they couldn't. I'm being for real. They couldn't take a chance on him. His medical is bad bro. His medical was bad in college when he came out. Them knees are shot. Something ain't right. So he just died slowly after. You gotta think why would you trade Mark Williams if you the Hornets? You didn't say that. You don't got no sinner. No you don't. They They started center for a small four My nigga. He dying. What? He And he 21. If He even that, I don't know how old he One. He only 21. You ain't came out Duke last couple years.


He might be 22, 23 Averaging 16 and nigga Had a rough life. It ain't even that. He just, his needs a Shot. Look like he 40. I know his body bad. Who is? I'm out bro. Can they see that? Can they see that? You see that? He 23. This production team. Do y'all see? Can they see that? Yes. Yes. I'm out bro. DJ let's Out man. You got some plays for him man. Be Here. You got a parlay for the win the weekend Bro? Yeah man, lemme go and get us out. The white man Paolo 25. Anthony, Carl, Anthony Towns 20. I got the Milwaukee Bucks just on the even spread.


RJ Barrett 20 K, Cunningham 25 Trey Murphy 20. Shout to the young and Jalen Green. 2250 wins. Your grand total of 10 K today. Oh, two 50 for 10 K. I ain't mad at that. Yeah, but show get some paper going to the weekend. Last thing if we get outta here. Super chat. Kimbo Slice said why Jeff stay playing the Cavs? They got the best record for a reason. If they stay healthy, it's slick. Spooky for Boston. Damn. He like him. I like the Cavs mark. Well he was earlier than the Cav Kimbo. I've been a Cavs fan, but Is that the real one? No it's not. Rest in peace. Oh Shit, My bad. I'm gone man. And on that note, we will see y'all Wednesday. Have a good weekend. Be safe. We'll be back five 20 in the Morning.


The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't want to miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond. Hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with a yoga PC from Lenovo. Your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced. Yoga PCs from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet, yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create because at Lenovo we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you at every step of your creative journey. So check out Lenovo dot com slash yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.