
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


That's The fun part about being an artist that you need to have the patience or finding your head. I'm Lata the culture's favorite ton historian. On an episode of my show podcast, I sit down with Bodi who's demanding her place in the male dominated music industry. That's the game. Like who stays and who believes, You know? Listen to Ton on America's number one podcast network. iHeart follow and start listening on the free iHeart radio app today.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Lot. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Here, Sir, last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. This Is kind of star studded a little bit, man. We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen To new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Kassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali SU, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or ever you get your podcasts, The Volume.


Good morning, happy Mondays, five 20 in the Morning. Your favorite sports show. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Everybody pulled up this morning. We got Bishop Young Nacho five 20 Moog Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? So standing in what up though? Yeah, y'all know what time video is. Y'all know what we about to talk about? Yeah, tell dj, DJ do your shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I heard all. Listen. Shout to the Cleveland Cavalier fans. I'll talk to y'all after game three. Y'all was very spirited. I didn't hear goddamn thing from y'all yesterday. Shout to the Pacers belt to fucking ass in that town yesterday. Pulled up to the bridge and got smacked up. It was a 20 point win but it was way deeper than that. Halftime it was 80 to 39, 41 point lead going into the half. Shout out to the patients for handling business yesterday. Man.


I don't even know who to shout out first man. Who we shout out first man? Miles Turner. Shout out to Miles Turner. God damnit. Miles Turner held it down yesterday. He had 20 and seven. Went crazy in the first half. Did everything he was supposed to do yesterday. Shot magnificent from the three yesterday. Didn't miss one man, it's so much to talk about. Y'all was locking up Ben Math. Set the tone bro. Come on man. Set. Set math. Set the tone yesterday. Ben sacrificed themselves for dub yesterday. We are not here to be ho. No, we about to beat your ass. Yeah, Well luckily flip because that could have fucking went all man. It went the Way we wanted. It went the way it was supposed to yesterday. He set the tone De officiating for that yesterday was absolutely terrible.


I'm okay if he gets a flagrant or a tech for that situation but to throw him outta that game. Yesterday was a fucking fucking joke was you can't have a closed fist bro. I get it but I touched you bro. Like he poked him bro. Yeah bro. He he ain't cock back and punched him. He poked Him. His hand was open. Is it out of pocket? Most definitely. You're not supposed to be in the best fucking court. Definitely outta pocket. But he poked this man bro. Bro De Hunt too had pushed my meds in the chest bro. That's crazy. It hit me in the stomach bro. I gotta push him bro. But they could've both sat him down. Just, just take them, Check him up. Even if you give him both fragrance that's cool. But to J bid Matthew y shit like that was crazy but it's cool. It Turner niggas up though too. The kept going so shit. Nah, it really was Tyree how he came out first play with a boom.


Yeah. Yeah. He was pressuring the ball. He would just look super aggressive. But my take from this whole thing is if y'all lose Miles Turner and free agency, y'all cooked. I said this earlier in the season, even when we were struggling, if Miles Turner was to be a pacer for life, he's earned that. Right. At this point I know we gotta figure out how we gonna pay him but you figure that out. He deserves to get paid not to like not talk about the game. I mean it was a blowout. It ain't run really a talk about. But if I'm the Charlotte Hornets, I'm going to get my house Turner. No thank you. Yeah, we are hanging up the phone. Unless you sending he a free, he's a free agent. Break it down bro. Break Down. Unless, unless you are sending me the Melo ball. No, he's a free agent.


Unless you're sending me Brandon Miller. Y'all not gonna send nothing. He is a free agent. Oh we we're not answering the phone bro. Ain't nothing bro. He's a free agent. No, Jeff is saying he gonna make the decision on his own. No, I know what he's saying. I'm just saying I don't think, I don't think he gonna go he'll leave. He not that type of dude. He not. He'll be a patient forever bro. Nah, 'cause if they don't deserve to be, they gonna pay him. If they don't offer him the max they have to. Whoa nah, they gotta pay him. I don't know about the max but they have to pay him. You feel me? Pay him. He definitely deserves market. I mean Charlotte offer him the max then it's over like because if you subject yourself to Charlotte then respect you. If I'm Charlotte, I have to, if I'm Charlotte, I'm looking at the Pacers, I'm recreating this recipe.


I got Lalo who played like to Tyrese? Halliburton. Okay. I'm Tyrese Halliburton to me on steroids. Yeah. I can score when I want to but I got the same skillset, same height. Yeah. Now y'all about to get me a big, that's gonna spread the floor where the floor gonna be open with me and now I got wings like Brandon Miller. Yes sir. Ne hard. He can guard, he can score probably a little better. Then you got Miles, bridges and now you can add some more. You know veteran leaderships get some quality hard playing guys and they gonna be the new PIs you got, you got the new Pacers shit they gonna upgrade like That. Yeah, yeah. My MVP go to Obie topping though. He hooped Too hoop. That's my MVP. Shout to o Like that was, that was big for them bro.


Come on man. Obie was hooping out yesterday. I think the biggest difference. See that's Miles, bridges. Yeah. You play the role. See now I think the biggest difference in the game three in game four situation is that I see, I see. This was the first game that the Pacers actually got offensive rebounds and the first time that they actually got defensive rebounds as they total we didn't rebound at all. Cleveland was honing us on the boards, the entire series. They had way more possession than us. We would get stops but then they would get rebounds and get easy buckets. We rebounded very, very well yesterday. Listen, I know y'all talked about oh in full health, look what happened. The Cavs beat Y game three. What happened yesterday? Everybody played got their ass whooped on. I don't wanna hear no more about this Cleveland shit we done with the nineties Teague voice Donovan, Donovan should have set that up.


He did second half and I would've said Don the whole game. They didn't have no energy bro. Yeah they looked Zack, they Didn't have no energy bro. Mm I'm nothing bro. 35 points bro. It's crazy. Nigga scored what? 75 in the second half like nah bro that's unacceptable bro. I'm interested to see what they do with Tiger Rome now G League. Nah, I mean I think he deserve to get paid. Ah, he's good bro. But I think his value far bro, not his, I shouldn't say his value. I think he's gonna be a valuable player. Most definitely. But but this playoffs will be like ah shit. Shit we might need a a little hit. Yeah we might need a little more explosiveness off the bench. Like they might need a bonafide score.


Yeah. Let Hunter to kill. Yeah. Yeah. Now I'll say this too, with them being injured it's kind of hard for you to say what they need to do this off season. I've been seeing a lot of cast men saying they need to make moves. I don't think I need to make moves as quick. Y'all know I'm, I'm quick to get somebody up outta town. They just just need to run this team back healthy next year and see where they at. Maybe come allstar breaks, see what's going on. You gotta run it back next year. Man. They had a hell of a season but they are hurt realistically. Yeah but they need a bonafide score off the bench. Okay. Yeah 'cause that, that bench was quiet. Well you caught it earlier though. You said shit, you don't know if they'll be able to sustain this momentum. Nah they just gassed bro yesterday. That shit is like damn Jeff was right. Shit, that shit have caught up And they seen me gas 'cause they been hurt. Yeah they been chilling bro. Oh. But it's just like they don't got a, they got a bonafide score in Donovan Mitchell.


He should tied then that's it like everybody else is. That's why I told you the difference. Like they, they remind me of our group. I know everybody be sending me the little meme. It's like oh is that the Hawks or whatever Like no we lost the LeBron, they losing the miles turner. These are facts. No disrespect but what I'm saying is you could tell they missing another bonafide score like Darius Garland he can score but it's like he get a lot of empty buckets like You know what I mean? Yeah. He had 20 points but they was down 60. Yeah nobody cared about them. 40 bucket. Yeah and he hurt. Obviously he hurt but still even when you watch him it's like he cold but it's kind of like the LA mellow effect. Like he be like ah like he killing but he got a guard too.


And that's what I said going into this series, I was like Darius Garland is cold. We never gonna disrespect all star talent for sure. But you gotta guard somebody. Yeah. You can't really hide him. He's so small. Yeah that's the beautiful thing about the way the Pacers play. That's why Miles Turner is so valuable. Yes sir. Because the way people normally guard bigs is that Darius Garland will be in a drop code. I mean getting into the ball the guard would be back. I mean the big would be back. They'd be in the drop coverage. You'll be fighting over the contest mids with the Pacers miles turner pop to the three. So if you get in the drop covers you gotta go get on miles turn and Miles Turner roll you to the basket. Yep. Then they throw it over your head. They post you up lay up. That's why he shouldn't have said that shit about Tyler hero man. Yeah because now they pick on him every time.


That's why he be having three fouls. He be having he be in foul trouble the first half immediately. Most definitely. And then like you said, same rotation. If you don't throw to miles in that corner you got Pascal getting the undersized man on him in the post and shout to Pascal 'cause he ain't really did shit them up. May way to show up. This is a good time for you to get hot my boy. Yeah because We gonna need Final, they gotta change their coverages bro. They go out, they gotta quit switching like that's what the Pacer's doing. Well they're not switching. They keeping a guard on a guard like even Tyree, they making him hedge like we do not want you on Donovan Mitchell. So he hedging them there trapping with Matt Stru and getting him getting back out of there and staying on his man Cleveland switching everything they just picking on him.


Yeah And the words of the great bom Marty Jones zones for cowards. I will say shout to Rick Carlisle, he prepped him to beat that zone yesterday and it was light work. I don't understand why we couldn't do a game three but I'm happy it happened. What it mattered that zone was not existed yesterday. We shot the lights out the ball yesterday. Yeah. And again they weren't really contested shots yesterday. That's the crazy part Man. Man I was out there doing step backs and shit like James hard. I'm like oh this over bro. This shit crazy. He Did the punk fight to the step back. I was like yeah I turned it up. That crazy. And the energy in the bridge last night was crazy bro. They was going crazy for them yesterday. The game sliders was all the way up yesterday Bro. Every shot I made bro it was erupting and I could hear it bro. But Obie got a a regular two hand putback and niggas was going crazy like he just hit the A buzzer beater J up under blew me bro.


I said that Ain't lead on the baseball Boy. We trying The Pearl. Hey and I don't like to Chacha disrespect Dr. J they were just like look at this, I'll be doing this. This ain't that special. Don't ever disrespect Dr. J like that again. Yeah it was the anniversary of the move though. The same day. Yeah but Don't disrespect Dr. J like that bro. Aren e Smith makes some big shots too. Come on bro. He important for y'all team too. He's one of the best defenders on our team. And if you look at like even with the minutes obviously it was a blowout yesterday. Hey man we played James Johnson half the fourth yesterday. Man get these niggas outta my city bro. I don't wanna talk about no more Cleveland Cavaliers ever again bro. Nigga James still got handles That shit funny. You see my boy playing forward out there said the play for Ben, she to get the clip he up it's up for show. Yeah Gary Porter and super chess said ca to play Iani next year They can play give him some run now.


Yeah should have played my boy yesterday. I'm nothing. Yeah that fourth quarter was the G League game yesterday. Get that boys from Run. They're cooked, the calves are done. It's over. Man I hate the east man hurt. There's Boo Booo out there man. Yeah I mean boo boo out east the Cavs is done. You look at the role players which just Cal seem, I think that's the one place they gonna like you said have to upgrade like Dean Wade not enough. San Merri not enough like but Dean like you got, they gotta go get Jordan Clarkson facts somebody even though Jordan already been in Cleveland but somebody like that bring him back shit. Yeah they need a bucket. I know he going to get a bucket. Yeah you can't be dependent on Dean Wade. Yeah because our white boy way better than all y'all white boys. D Wade calling him D Wade. TJ Nash was cooking him yesterday. Ty Jerone.


That's my whole point about Miles Turner. Why he's so important? 'cause people like TJ McConnell if they had a normal big would be probably not that good. Yeah right. Because the flame would be clogged like like the space. He literally playing one-on-one. He just running hard at people spinning the whole lane is open. Ain number shooters like I couldn't imagine what some of these other guards if they, no disrespect to tj but like if they got a chance to play with a nick, everybody out the lane like imagine what Dame Lier and all these is crazy. What the hell? Hey guard me no way. Like it would look crazy So shout out to him. He figured it out. But Miles the reason for that most definitely.


Hey if you wanna come get your shit off, pull up to the bridge pretty we for you pretty much. Yeah pretty much. Yeah it's up for show looking past them. 'cause obviously You know it's built to ass. Who would y'all rather see the Rs play? The Knicks or the Celtics? The Knicks obviously You know a lot to go on that series left but I wanna see the Knicks. Okay. Knicks? Yeah just for the history of it. I like the energy. You said conference, final rematch. That'd be good for our grown generation. That's what I'm saying for the history of it. But I feel like the Celtics still gonna win that one. I just do. Seriously, it's far from over for sure. Yeah, far from from over. Yeah it is definitely far from over. The Celtics is a tougher matchup for y'all because 1000% the gray, they have the ability to switch everything. Like their guard are six six. Yeah 250 pounds.


Yeah Miles Turner can't post them. No. Yeah. You know what I mean. OB Topp and I posting them. Nope he can't even play like that in that series. And I don't even like that They tried to put that fake energy behind us yesterday. They say we won Celtics. No we didn't. We said we won Johnson, we won James Johnson in the game. We had nothing but respect for Boston Celtics. I'd much rather see the Knicks 'cause they only, they only played six or seven people and fatigue setting to play. Look at the Cavs and you talked about this Darius Garland and Donvan Mitchell had an average 50 for them to, You know go somewhere. Don Mitchell was getting to 50 by itself. Yeah and was gas yesterday. That's why he needed that little help. He was tired bro. That boy was good. He was gassed yesterday. Yeah all his points came from the free throw line yesterday. Well deserved bro. He been killing bro. I told y'all the only way would be effective is Darius Garland average 25 madon match will have 25.


Yeah. Or he average 30 Garland average 20 however you do it. But Garland had to help. Yeah. Yeah that that that's that's ugly. It was Garland's trying to have 40 Yesterday. Yeah he should have. I mean he hurt. You could tell how he run. Yeah most of he he limping and shit and he trying to play through it. Respect and he cold like this ain't no disrespect. Derrick definitely cold. You know he cold. He one of, he one of my favorite players to watch but for a NBA playoff series I was a small guard. I know how it go when that sport, when that that floor is spread it out like that with them all five shooting threes and you on the island and you a small guard. Guard Pascal. Yeah it's tough. You're cooked. That's me against bro. Nah fat pascal there's nothing you can Physical do.


Yeah I'm like you're cooked. Yeah and I don't wanna hear no excuses. The whistles at the Cleveland Cavaliers got this entire series has been insane bro cooked bro. Really ridiculous for sure. Shout to Super Chat. He's MCC Carpenter say am I crazy? The T Will's best team in the playoffs right now? Yes. The best team in the playoffs right now is definitely the Indiana Pacers. Okay. They're playing the best. I'm not gonna say they're the best team. They're playing the best right now. We're trending upper right now. I'm gonna still give it to the Celtics 'cause that defended Champs and they still got enough. They're not playing good though. Yeah, I agree. I mean last game they played good. Maybe that's a they they done turned over a new leaf and now they back to their normal self. I seen Missoula say he regular somebody in his family die than stop shooting threes bro. Yeah Joe Missoula, he's crazy bro.


Yeah he bro, I worked out with Joe every day bro. That's really him. He's insane bro. I ain't, that ain't even know capping his rap. I said why did you say that? I told you the first time he told me I was like man you should probably coach college bro. He was like, no I'm be a NBA head coach. Fuck you talking about? I swear to God. I was like oh I was looking at the nigga like yeah my man. I was like yeah all right. Like You know what I mean? I was like where you go coach at like he was like the third assistant. I said yeah you got me fucked up. I'm like yeah. I'm like man you should probably coach college. He was Part of the journey. He knew something. Yeah I was like he probably should the, I was like you should probably be a, You know what I mean college coach you would be fired as a college coach because you so intense and all that. He was like no I'm gonna be an NBA coach. Like the fuck, stop Playing with my shit Disrespecting bro that when I see him I see him as the head coach.


I'm be like that nigga called this shit. Matter of fact you should have called me be your sister. Shit. How ain gonna hit you? Nah you gonna be a cops coach. I'm texting him. So how did you run that all up? No, I'm inspired by how you shout Mizou? Shout to Joe Facts. Hey walking to Super said really folk to show y'all boys shout out to you. RIP Sabu real crash out some wrestling shit. RIP Man man. Yeah. RIP one of the goats man. He was one of the first hardcore real hardcore wrestlers at ECW. Yeah I used to catch they wrestling clips late, late night when I had no cable. I don't even know what that shit came on. You had had the bootleg channel, the MTV two, the box, all them fake ass channels.


Yeah. Damn For sure man. Rps to the goat. Yeah Christopher Smith, the super Chase said Mo, if you didn't go go to Kentucky where would you have went? Shit, probably Cincinnati to be honest. Okay. I'm still upset it wasn't Louisville but You know what I'm saying, you still found me anyway my boy. Yeah I was never going to Louisville. Damn. Shout to Julie. The real Cardinal fast. The real NI. That's why that shit was going like that 'cause of him. Yeah, chew knew the vibe. Shout out to my dog for sure. Marco said what the 2015 Hawks dominate today. And what would your set line be in your prime today? Yeah we, we would've been one of the top teams in the league. 'cause the way we play for sure we play like the Pacers. We had all five shooting threes.


Four was spread it but we had better players in the Pacers. That's no shade. Like Al Horford was better than Miles Turner I would say very comparable. I mean he was an all star. I don't disrespect that. Yeah, Paul Millsap is very underrated as well. Yeah he was just as good as Pascal. I mean Pascal probably a little better but they was similar. I mean Paul was a what, three time Allstar too. Yeah. Got respected. Yeah I guess they were equal. What I didn't like is when they compared y'all teams to them. 'cause I'm just like, and obviously you the homie and this is no no bullshit but you're better. There is growling like the way that you contribute for that team. Like stat wise y'all didn't give a fuck by Sta. Y'all was winning games. Yeah if you line him up maybe outside of Dime he'd probably get that two guard matchup.


Yeah, for sure. Y'all better team than them. Yeah, yeah. They would've had real problems with y'all. We shot the ball better than them like with Kyle. Come on bro. Yeah like and our bench was better than them. Like Dennis Schroeder was better than Tyrone. Shevin was better than fuck whoever Sam, Meryl, Mike Scott was better. Whoever else Dean Wade and Moji man. Mike Scott. What? Yeah. Shout to Mike Scott, whoever else we had coming off the bench. I can't remember was Bayes already on by name? Yeah, Kim Bayes boy was on the bench. He was better than like them niggas was getting $80 million and shit like getting real buckets. Nigga Bayes had got 80 the more he got seventies it damn damn Basses got paid like that. Yeah he was one of the, when that when that TP deal first started jumping, he was one of the people who got one of them deals.


Shout to Ken. Yeah y'all the bench legend. I know they got 80 boy like that's hard. He was throwing on y'all nigga getting paid more B I'm like nigga you the fuck. Yeah watch it. Watch your own pocket. That's what I'm hard saying. We had a lot of people off like that. Our bench was really, really good at that time. Yeah so they was coming in like shell got paid, You know what I'm saying? Saying yeah Shout to Shell too. My boy just graduated from bu what's up? Yeah. Shout to family like shell Way better than whoever the hell they got come out the bench. Yeah man. Get well soon to the cash belt to as situation. I won't wanna hear nothing else about y'all again from the play games all the way to the finals,


now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase scorer. Ready to place your first bet? Download Draftking Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New drafting customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. Easily make it a playoff for want to remember with DraftKings? Download a draft King sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino when resorting Kansas 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g dot coast slash audio.


So we all made mistakes right? But on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans degree. Whole thing. It turns up sweat and auto protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back that OG cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one miss anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain because It's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Live. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In A very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne. For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Thing is. Benny the butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Kara Moosh. What We're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to It. It makes It real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


I am Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Could you go back to the super chat one more time? I'm gonna address that y answer and Jeffrey Terrell says the way Indy keep making these conference finals, they should try and go get Katie next year man let's, let's just be happy that we get that nigga five back man I be saving people charges. Let's just listen always. I at hand bro. I'll be trying to be nice to you. Fucking ed. Somebody get a refund every day in this fucker. Stupid shit man. Get nigga five back Stupid but k, if you trying up hoop bro up work, he does not fit the shit y'all got going on bro. Pacers are a mid at your team forever bro. Forever bro. Nah, it's just what it is. Yeah it's cool but y'all college team KD don't know play nowhere near like y'all. Yeah y'all pressing niggas is full court.


K They be like whoa, whoa nigga, why we pressing bro? Pace is George Mason bro. Yeah me bro. They definitely be pressing on the like playing harder said that ain't KD for me. He need to go to Houston somewhere like man y'all niggas picking up full court. Hey bro, if you wanna pull in that K, we'll get it done. Don't even worry about the game. We'll figure it out. We a change for you bro. What? Come on now. That's where y'all, that's where y'all lost it. We'll stop pressing for you Katie. Now that trade scenario feed, don't get on our phone with that bullshit now we already told y'all. You get what you get though. Throw a fit but figure it out. See how come how a burden. So how much do you think Miles Turner gonna get though?


No I think Miles is going get 30 a year. Little bit more maybe? Yeah. Now you already getting that little bit more. I think they'll give him more on his deal. Nah, he already getting that. He trying to give him the same bag he already getting. That Was gonna say 32. Nah look at, look at this deal right there. We making 30 ain. No he making 19. Yeah 30 is up right. 10 more million. We can give him 30 bro. He only making 19. He making 19. He take 30 30. He just cash it. OutCo fucked up. We 32. Can I pass out on the max deal? I told you I respect my dog 42 years. How Cleaning the fuck Ups. That's what I'm saying. Like ain't no fucking white miles. Turner ain't getting 35 a year.


I ain't mad at if I listen. I told you how I feel about it. He deserve to get paid bro. He get 1932, we'll give you 30 for three for sure. Fully guaranteed. If you give you 35, we need a player out guarantee Three years 90. I love Your negotiation card. You saying a three year, three year 90 fully guaranteed. Nothing more than that. Anything more than that. That 30 year has to be a player option or a team option. He's asking for a four year Mike. These niggas are some financial advisors. We're a small market team. We cannot afford three max slot on this team. We clear. Come on Miles. We do cut some slack now. We love you bro. If you need some You know real estate mass a put throw your name on the building, whatever you need gang. But we gonna have to cut 30 years Charlotte. Charlotte got some money. Charlotte could go again.


Oh shit. Ask what happens when you go to playing to Asia for this nigga. Man Charlotte got some money. My lord no Miles call me. He BetterHelp this nigga leave. No you just said you were a pace friend now you trying to get nigga out the Sydney make your money. Why the fuck would I take a three years 90 bro? I'm the most sought after Big man. Do you see how I got your niggas turned up? Respect bro. But just, just fuck with us bro. We gonna fuck with You know what I'm saying? Figure it out. Get you on back end bro. Got me at 19 years so you supposed to make more money to Ello nigga it just my turn. He said right there G at 35. He said right there. Yeah just my time to be up. They Could 40. Who The Hornets. You got Dick for a reason then you Alright. I got some room for my niggas over There.


Hey Grant will get 13 Respect. Key. Yeah, respect. Like my Nerdish getting 18. Respect. Yeah he about be coming with Charles. It's gonna be a sign. Tre y about to get Nrk. Oh sign. Who is Ner and Mark Williams are gonna be about get Mark Williams or hey you'll not put that smile on cap. Pri my boy done Turn this team with some bullshit. Nah, Now the Pacers will take their four s off the table for Mark Williams for Sure. Oh They'll take That back up big. Yeah. Nah you gonna be OnStar because mys gonna be leaving. Nah, they gonna have to give him four years 1 1 20 bro. At least if that fourth year is a team or player option, then cool because then we can move you if, if shit need to.


Obviously you got, You can't. Yeah if you get the fuck up he get you outta There. Yeah. Shout to you can't give him a four year hundred four year hundred. Hey don't don't clip this up because TE is giving out two valuable information and he running my team right now. A four year a hundred is crazy. Like that's disrespectful. No, four year hundred is Disrespectful. Said 3 90, 3 90 spread 30 million a year. That's I I want four years bro. I'm getting a little older. I think Miles might push for that though to the three, the three year for 90. He might take that. Nah Bro. He probably say to keep beating. How old Miles, Miles won't Jim Miles? How many Jeff want Miles do two, 400 Break the bank? What you mean? Yeah. How old Miles? Well 50 million a year. God damn Chelsea Clinton nigga. He said he done play his way for 50 a year.


Yeah I mean shout to Miles. That's yo that yo. Yeah bro he not averaging 25 and 10 now. Nine yo. Oh yeah. Yeah two Year a hundred man. Alright. He can do it. He can do it three year deal I'm say no at 29 3 year deals. 90. Let's lock it in three. Three hit me on the phone. I'll negotiate it. Guy three year a hundred? Yeah three year a hundred Crash out like Minga. Three year one 20 And you see what I got moving on though. Oh man. Thunder top the series yesterday 92 87 SG had 25 6 and six. Joker had 27, 13, he shot seven for 22. He has not had a good season so far from the the field.


Yeah didn't lock him up. Jamal Murray had 17 five and four Don't get mad. He looked tired bro. Yeah, yeah he is wearing that his last three games And Phil Gold percenters had been who? Bull Especially for him. Yeah it has not been a good outing for my dog at all. Man. Look at these percentages. 31%, 32%, 37%. But I told you hartenstein them making it tough bro. They are. I told y'all before the series started I was like Hartstein ain't no ho. Nah I told you you gotta start Hartenstein and Chet. You could. They started the first game. I starting check on him. I'm like dang ain't yeah it is Christmas bro. Jaylen Williams dude be coming in just running in into Joker. That's what I'm talking about. Just go run into him. Yeah. Fuck it. Just keep bumping. That's gonna worry him mouth for sure. Now T you definitely did call it 'cause I know they had a little bit of success with they was trapping with Caruso just because of his iq.


Yeah but it wasn't enough to stop him with said too short when they put both of those tall people on them, You know what I'm saying? Got a little bit harder. Yeah And this is Michael Porter fault. I mean he hurt bro. He's hurt too and I respect him for still playing out there. This's his fault. It's his fault bro. But he's hurt bro. Yeah Down for seven. Sit down bro. We don't need you in the game. Yeah, I mean you might as well sit down. 34 is a lot. If you hurt 34 minutes is a lot to play. Yeah, real shit bro. That's the majority of the game. But This is why they pay you to play in these moments. I know one for seven ain't gonna get it done but But we can't say he hurt then We can't Lift his arms up bro. Yeah you in a way bro. 'cause this nigga ain't lifting his arms up and still wanna shoot it. Yeah he Still trying to shoot it Bro. That's crazy bro. Now to be fair, he only shot the ball seven times.


Now we know if BJ gonna get the good game Nigga if you can't lift your arms that means you really a good nigga because I don't Want see you in a, in a press conference talking about your shoulder and shit. Yes. Don't Just don't play bro. You hurt and your arms is hurt bro. After you just missed 12 or three, two Same. But see he gotta play. 'cause remember they told when Joker said in the press conference he is like what do you say to You know what I'm saying? Get ready for playoffs. He said you ain't ready to hoop the playoffs. No to tell you he, he's hurt. He's not ready to hoop bro. Sit down. It's his fault bro. Hurt the team bro. I swear to God it's his fault while they lose him bro. And they should have won a game yesterday Bro. It is bro. That's The crazy part. They still should have won this game yesterday. They game his game shoulda. They should've. Yeah the not playing great. Yeah like to be honest, the Thunder not really playing that good either. They Not no Game yesterday SGA getting points but it is rough for them too.


Oh for sure. Rus he Miss, he got hits. Some of them open threes though. He's wide open. Yeah but fuck them niggas man. Get him outta here. Go to the percentages again please. He's wide ass open. Is that 35%? He jumping all high. Shit disgusting. 31%. Both teams shooting under 40%. Under 35%. It was just bad. It is a ugly game. Like damn. Got wide open. Can't nasty basketball now y'all said it's a series, You know what I'm saying? It was gonna go to distance now it's tied up. How Y feel now? I it was I I mean I think it still can go six or seven though. It gonna go seven I it's go six but it's gonna go seven. Yeah, It's a ugly series though. It is not good basketball. It is. Now I wanna ask y'all this question. Ken Joker turned around. Oh Ken Joker is he, is he the person that needs to go ahead and say I want the series?


Yeah. I feel like he is tired though. All that killing all year carrying away is catching up to him bro. You Can see it. It just need more production bro. From Russ and Brian and them bro. Yeah, Russ shooting two for 12 yesterday. Jamal Murray gotta get 25 wide Open shots too. It ain't like he like he, he's wide open bro. He doesn't make that shit. Russ gotta get 15. Jamal Murray gotta get 25 bro. Yeah five for 15 and Jamal Murray need more from your killer for sure. Seven for 20, two for Joe. Damn. Two for a from three. That's tough. Damn. I I, I don't give a fuck bro. I'm still killing. Nah. Yeah My sad day I'm still killing. Oh I still had 27, 13 and I better not hear nothing about nothing.


Yeah I'm reasonably here. Yeah. Alright. So y'all got who y'all Who y'all feel like I got? I got. Okay see next game. Okay Me too. Okay, see you. Next game move. We go to Denver. Go to Denver. Yeah. Aren Gordon had a monster game though shit. The three in that game was crazy too But fuck 'em. Get well soon for sure. Alright. Tonight Celtics at Knicks. You know I'm saying Celtics got the dub over the weekend since last time re recorded. How y'all feel about game four? Shit, I'm going with the Knicks. Okay, You run with the Knicks? Yeah. You and J Mills and Joe Button? Yeah. Boston sad bro. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take Boston. Me too. Okay. Yeah. What's y reason for taking Boston in this situation? Knicks by 10.


Jay Mill stand up my nigga because They didn't, they they starting to shoot better. Mm. And when they hitting threes it's quiet bro. I think they kind of figured the Knicks out a little bit And Tatum still ain't had a breakout game. He hasn't. I think they realized like we can go to the basket. Yeah. Like for real epiphany. Shout to Jalen Brown. I think he realized that like hey I, I can actually drive the ball Well. Oh yeah please load the clip up a ja bro. I'm actually good at it. I'm actually athletic. Yeah. Load the clip Up nigga Brown popping his shit. I don't know if, if even anybody on my team or in the league. No You Know I don't think anybody on our team or maybe even league can get into the pain. Like I can. Especially when I'm, I'm moving in my body's feeling Cap way It yeah GNI nigga.


Yeah that's my goal. Anthony El nigga Ja Marin lot niggas Shade and Just find my guys for For Oh you definitely bottom 10 Man. Hey man, cut that shit off man. Hey I like the fact that he's talking. Oh Nicks winning tonight. I like the fact he talking say on my team first. Nah it was little Sha but little shot at Jason Tatum. You have no reason to say that you Had no reason. You definitely bottom 10 though. Like reason Jaylen Brunson get to the pain better than him. Facts. Shay, Gils Alexander Anthony Edwards bro. Honest. Anthony Edwards, Ja Moran and you the files vp. Respect. Respect. Yeah but chill out shit. Pascal. See I come get to the pain back you, This is the wrong time to be saying bringing your team up in some shit.


Start now. Yeah bro. What are we doing Jason Tatum say nigga that's why you gotta step on shit. That's why I be mad at you bro. Cus that nigga out bro. That's bullshit bro. Wet no damn near. But this what happens. Let Somebody stick around. He supposed to be Better. He letting that nigga act like Malcolm X Mvp. Shit. What? What did he say? That was really wrong though? He just, I'm the best driver on our team but he like why the best player? I'm the best one that can drive the basketball. He is, he probably the most athletic team. He probably is but it just felt like a little shot. He don't have the, for that team that don't have, they don't have the team to where nigga say that. And if Fuel Probably taking it like Niggas probably feel Liket probably looking at a nigga like I don't give a fuck. Drive the ball, Go do It.


Yeah. Drop the basketball, let me shoot these threes nigga. That's Not what that type of team need. That's what my problem with it. That's that's actually a perfect thing for them. Mm okay. Because they team is more like okay do that shit like they already all rich as hell. That only affect teams where niggas ain't rich as hell. Like every Commercial. Jason Tatu though bro. I'm just saying every commercial Jason Tatum on the commercial. Yeah I don't think right guard whatever the fuck he promotes. I don't know. He knew he was getting all That guard Shout to the degree but You important weren't Talking about shit like that because at the end of the game bro they was up whatever, he was still trying to get buckets bro.


Like the objective. Yes bro. Oh yeah he want to score. No he nah he he wants to be the best player. Nah he he, I said look at this nigga, he was trying to kill the G League player bro. Oh yeah he de to get extra points. Oh yeah he Was in a workout, he was trying To murder that nigga couldn't he definitely Kobe Bryant, he definitely trying to be Kobe. Yeah he trying to get the reps up for Kobe. He got three threes in a row bro. I said damn hell why he in the game definitely worried about his playoff stats but talk about it. We being real, he don't give a like nigga drop the ball nigga like all You know what would be funny tonight, two things could happen. If Jalen bro came out today and went crazy and got like 30 it just was driving the ball hoop or if he came outside bunch Three he Gonna shoot a whole bunch of threes tonight. That would be hilarious if he shot like 10 threes tonight he's bro yeah we Better shoot 10 threes tonight.


It's gonna be, they better go in. You see they coach bro. Them bitch better be splashy. Alright man what the Knicks gotta do to bounce back tonight? I mean they ain't command obviously but you don't wanna go back to Boston. Hope The Celtics missing threes bro. Yeah, hope they miss If OG kill again and I think the niggas going going beat them bro. And if you look at game one to two, I mean granted they won but they blew 20 point leads too. Yeah, I mean that's what I'm saying bro. They just gotta hope they missing them threes bro. The Celtics You can't Beat them was in command of this whole series. Oh yeah. Should be three of, I just gave Him two games. Really man. Should have been A sweet, should be 3.0 right now. Yeah I agree. But she is, it's not, It's two one I God for Sure.


Alright, we shall see tonight man. So you taking Nicks obviously y'all taking Celtics? Yeah, I'm, I'm rolling man on. Yeah I'm going to Celtics. I want this shit to go seven. I do too. That's the only reason why I Hope everybody gets super tired. I hope they use all their energy Up. Yeah, if it goes seven, I just, 'cause I want Jason Taylor to win finals MVPI just think it's gonna be Boston bro. Yeah, I think Boston has what it takes to come back into the series. As a pacer fan, I would much rather see the New York Knick. But if The Knick win tonight bro, it's over for them big. Oh Yeah. All if they win tonight. So it's lit. It's right. Shout to Knicks fans man. They hold it down going crazy. I love to see it for sure. Yeah they do. So we all made mistakes, right, but own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree Cool Rush is deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing.


It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool Chris and Fresh, it's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself Made for this Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles.


Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you.


It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for This mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne. For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug fans.


Benny the Butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill, NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter, Liz Car. Moosh. What We're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early in ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. Would others dismiss as niche we embrace as core? It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen.


Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide. And hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast. Alright, T Wolves at Warriors, Minnesota. The up two one. I hate this series. Yeah, this could be on two. Be for all I care. Yeah. Least favorite series Come Ina Hoop. Last game I was getting ready to say. Now Minga showed up last game. Him and Jimmy held it down.


They was closer to the striking range. Yeah. Is he playing his way back to the bag? Let's hurry. Get this series over With. Be here. You see you sick of it. Yeah. Let my boy get some rest, bro. For the Western conference finals, Man, if they can win one game though, it might be all right. That's they get Steph back. Steph ain't coming back bro. If I'm to go say worse, I don't care if we tie this serious or not. He's not playing no more this year. We have nothing I I, I can't risk my future on that hamstring. Y'all know obviously way more than me. That can happen anytime, bro. Get your rest gang. It is over with but, but then fuck it. They might as well just get beat. Oh they losing a night too. Shit. Okay, y'all take Oh yeah. Take a t will for the dub night for sure.


Yeah. Alright. Not to go too far from the situation, but t whoops. Get past the Warriors Western Conference Finals be here or would you rather play? Hmm? I'd rather watch OKC. Yeah. OKC and T wolves. S-G-A-A-E. I like that matchup. Yeah. Yeah. I like that better. I'm damn. I don't know who, if they could beat the, that is A mid, that is Midwestern conference finals bro. Hey, You know what B here you talk about your west all year. You talking about your west all year long and It's still better than these. I know it's quiet. Niggas, niggas, niggas was down. Niggas had 35 points at halftime on the east side yesterday. Score Quiet score 90 yesterday. It's quiet. Score 90. I'm at bro's. Close game bro.


Lock up. Yeah. Niggas defense. I'm saying they both low hills Niggas play defense. That's a mid Western conference final. I'd rather watch that than a nigga. Okay. Time Niggas is going to Oklahoma and Minnesota. That's like going to in Ohio nigga get the weed. It's the same thing. I know it's a mid. Okay, see two boy. Ain't no pack out there. How niggas wanna smoke reefer? I on the west side. What else are we? They so bored. I'm saying that's what it look like. It's just we got better teams leave the cities out of Okay. The teams itself. They could be the Fort Wayne. Mad is nigga. They are a better team than any. Anybody out east right now? All Let's play this game.


Can the Knicks beat the Temple Wolves or the Warrior in the series? No. Ooh yes they can. Yes. Yeah. Can the Celtics beat the Timber Wolves or the warrior in the series? That's it. Yes. Can the Pacers beat the Temple Wolves or the Warrior in the series? Yes. Yes. Can the Cavalier beat the Temple Wolves in the Warrior in the series? Yes. Pacers What? They can beat one of them teams bro. How we playing right now? We put belt to ass about them teams. Y'all got me fucked up. Not o KC bro. What I didn't say okc. I said Warriors. Oh yeah? Yeah. Was it the Warriors? We whooping they ass bro. They can beat them bro. If N Edwards plays the Pacers bro, they're gonna beat the fuck outta them bro. I don't Know about that bro. Now listen, I know we don't put much weight to the regular season, but we played him two times this year and ae hooped out because it's ae he going kill that A do though Bro.


I don't know about that. Y'all niggas is true. It'll Be a good, it'll be good bro. It wouldn't just be Timber was beating the shit outta Pacers bro. I always quiet for that. No way. Y'all Got it bro. Y'all hoop. But also we got social respect. Julius Randall. He been hooping facts more respect on JR. After jr. Man, He been showing up like he's supposed to. People ain't showing love. He he killing bro. The Pacers are not sad bro. They not bro. They list, they're playing out of they body bro. They always play like this. They creating that meme with Jeff and them for a reason. No, they always play like that. Like niggas is playing outta their body bro. Bro, the Pacers always hoop bro. I just wanna see, I promise I wish the Pacers could just play out West bro. Just a series bro. They do different.


We playing in season Two. They do play out Race. It's friend bro. A playoff series is different bro. Hey Bro, we can only play front bro. The playoffs of the playoffs bro. I I don't want to keep hating on the person bro. I'm glad they winning. I'm glad they, they Hay was up by 41 and half time yesterday On The number one team out East Ain't Fun bro. So Respect. That's not an accident So shout out to them for sure. All I wanna say is the only thing that's been in the playoffs here last few years is the Defend Champs Bro. I mean due the injuries too though. Fuck it. They was healthy yesterday. Tyres has heard these Scar finals. We ain't had been either. They was healthy and lost by they was down 40 hours. Everybody for the coming Cavaliers was healthy since Mean Happy Energy. All Bobs is up and they got that ass Whoop down 40 bro.


They was down 40 at halftime and had less than 40 points. I don't wanna talk about the Cleveland Cavalier ever given this broadcast. Get these nigga the fuck outta my city, man. Nigga sucks. I swear to God they gonna Have me to like, I'm trying to be cool. You can't even say I'm gonna wish some shit on this. No, nah, no we don't need the energy man. Nah. Even say they get you to that point when you start wishing bad on niggas. You trying to be cool niggas that even the was 21 and 10 out west. That's fine. That's What I'm saying. Have a real series out here Though. And we beat the top, top tier teams to the west too bro. That's good. We went out here beating up on Sacramento. We beat KC at the crib. That is good bro.


They can play, they can play The west. I hope the patients come out of the east. I do too. I swear to God I do. They Not but I hope they do. I play the Knick, we come out play to the good Lord. They come out the east. I I'm gonna be a Pacer fan. You gotta show some love. No, you gotta show some love. They come nigga. I played for the Pacers nigga I'm really tapped in. I know what the locker room look like. Yeah they did. They did. They did. They ain't making it to the real. Oh My God. For Sure. Verify Buckets be here. Who's getting to it this weekend Man? I'm gonna give it to Ed. Mm And did this thing this weekend man. 36 Piece. Yeah. Yeah man. Ain't no business for sure. Teague. Who you got? I'm gonna go with Miles Turner bro. For sure.


His first half yesterday was amazing. Yeah bro. Set the tone for a wonderful victory yesterday. Shout to Miles Turner but who you got man? Jimmy Buckets man. He doing everything he can. 33 7 7 Play Out. Jimmy is real last but certain not least man. Show some love to Julius Randall. 24, 12 in 10 and Oby show some love to Oby man O that 20 was big. Most definitely show love to o. Shout To Oad for sure. Get well soon. Who need some encouragement this Monday morning? Just wrote Eclipse. Yeah. Freaky Looney man. Oh Yeah. He got punched on Got Wicked side. Silly jab. Hey Edward, you don't see this very Often.


Hey Kaga got jabbed high as hell. Fuck Jalen Brown nigga. You ain't doing that every night nigga. Mm He Dunk on every nigga with D dreads bro. Facts Come got jab at the half court line and gave up. Set Moony up for the play for show what we got next. Oh D Hunt Ben, push the shit out Ben. Yeah. D Hunt. Yeah D Hunt. Crash out the shit out Ben. Hey, Why Ben laying out like that? I fuck with Ben man. I love Ben. Shout to Ben Dick.


Matthew Miles. Turner is funny. Ben, you come later out. Hey I'm happy Miles pushing because I ain't know he all set the tone right there that change the game. Yeah. Y'all fuck with being That Flag two was some bullshit yesterday and last but certain not least give us some to Cleveland Cavaliers for being down 41 and halftime. Y'all didn't even have 40 points. Don't talk to me again. I don't wanna talk to nobody else from Cleveland. Talk to y'all next year. I hope y'all get rest in the off season. Do whatever y'all gotta do but say the fuck up my mission. Y'all sad like really that That was pitiful though a joke for sure. Listen, we appreciate y'all. We got a dope episode of Club five 20 dropping today. 12:00 PM tap in. We'll be back same time tomorrow. Five 20 In The Morning. The Volume


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree Change the lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes and a per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


I lata the cultures for ton historian, public scholar and recording artist. Yes, that means I've done the work on my show that I get Theta podcast. I'm not only talking to Flo who has the number one Reggaton track in the world right now. I'm also going beyond per to speak with music inhibitors like Lion Now who is known for RA tracks and collaborating with artists like Bob Bonney. We're also giving you the culture breakdown straight from the story. Listen to Regata on the iHeart Radio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg LA And this is season two of the War on Drugs spot here. Yes Sir. Last year. A lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It kind of star studded a little bit. Man. We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to it. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are listening to an iHeartPodcasts.