
This is Bow Yang from Lost Culture Research with Matt Rods and Bowen Yang. The best of SNL musical acts live from Radio City. Sign me up. SNL 50. The Homecoming Concert is a Peacock live event hosted by Jimmy Fallon. Packed with appearances by some of the hottest names in SNL Music history. The event will have legendary performances in popular lyrical sketches highlighting the musical impact SN had for the last 50 years, SNL 50. The Homecoming concert is streaming on February 14th. Live from Radio City Music Hall on Peacock.


You know you've gotta comeback in you. When you take the next step, you're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree your proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you, from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between, because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Valentine's Day is here and we're celebrating with this special Valentines Day edition. Love that. Look at me. I'm over here getting ready to get excited. Table's getting real hot and spicy up in here. You know, we in the gym, we in the bedroom. We got shorty. It is the big ones.


Hey guys, we are back with another episode of Humble Batty. Yes, I'm Sherell Rosado Up. I'm Ashley Nicole. And I'm Alexis Wedemeyer. And we are The humble, Humble Baddies. Aw. Yes. You guys love is in the air. Yes. It's Valentine's Day is here, and we are celebrating with a special Valentine's Day edition. Love that. While Valentine's Day is often about romance, Gallant Times's Day is all about celebrating friendship. Yes, it is self Love and the amazing women in our lives. Aw, like you too, ladies.


Love y'all. I love y'all Too. Whether you're single in a relationship or just wanting an excuse to have fun with your girls, this episode is just for you. Yes, yes. Welcome. We're gonna dive into what Gallant Times's Day really means. How people celebrate Ladies. Yes. What does Gallant Times's Day mean to you? And do you celebrate Gallant Times's Day? Gallant Times's Day to me means time for self-reflection, self love, really just about really, Alexis, I feel like I like to take time to really dive into me. Whether it's quiet time, a spa day staycation, or go to the beach, or a combination of all of the above.


My favorite meal. I feel like it's good just to really tap into your soul and yourself. So to me that's what Gallant Times's Day is array. On the other hand, my oldest daughter, I'm still cleaning up confetti around the house because she hosted a little gathering for her cheerleader girls from school. That's Sweet. And they really indulged in like bringing desserts and a favorite dish and just really just had time to gather with each other and play games and stuff like that. So That's cute. I see what they did there. And I like that they were in PJs. They were just really coordinated and had some fun time together with no boys.


No boys were allowed. Yeah. So, yeah. I love That. Yeah, that's sweet. What about you Ash? To be honest, I've never celebrated Gallant times before, but I've seen it like over the years I've seen You've been in my house for gallon times. No, You did a g That was gall times. Yes. Oh, shit. I didn't know it was gallon times because I thought we wore like blue wore something. No, no. I'm talking Did you come When I we did the Gallant times. We were on the roof and did a little vibe at the house. Okay. Well we'll invite me next time. I know, I'll, we better get an invite Later. Yeah. I, I didn't, I've never, I don't think I've ever done a Gallant times's day. You sure. But I've seen like people, you know, host different things.


Like I've seen people have like, people come whole like concerts and dinners and like, they get all dressed up and it's like really, really cute. Yeah. So I would definitely like be into it. But Phil, we've been together. He caught me when I was young. Yes. So we've been celebrating Valentine's Day together for the past 16 years. Aw. Yeah. So, but I mean, I'm down to do a Valentines invite. Me, Alexis, well I'll, I wanna come to I You were there. I'm actually doing one and you guys are invited. It was the last minute thing. I was talking to Ashley. I was like, we should do something like a Valentine's Day. So Wednesday I reached out to the chef. Yes.


Okay. And we're gonna get y'all some pajamas. They don't have to be matching, but I'm doing a little special thing at the house for y'all. Beautiful. That's so sweet. It's gonna Be cute. We're gonna have fun. Get drunk. Y'all go back to y'all means If we have one. I mean, I think that's a good thing about Gallant times though, right? It is inclusive because for us single gals, it can be a little bit like a intrusive and very much sad around this time of the year just because it's commercialized holiday that's all over the place. Like a couple, you walk into Walgreens, you see the candy shaped the hearts, like with the chocolates in there, the flowers, you know, in your workplace. Right. Everyone sees balloons and flowers being delivered and gifts and all that kind of stuff.


So you can get a little lonely and sad around this time of the year. Yeah. I'm not getting lonely. I'm taking Serenity to Nickelodeon studios. That's Oh, that's gonna be just Fun's. We're gonna have a mommy daughter Gallant times that. Yeah. Holiday. I, I think it's good that you make the holiday what you want of it. Right? I mean, it's about love. So you, there's so many different types of love, different ways you can display love. So I think that's cute, you know? Yeah. You spending time with your daughter, your daughter's spending time with her homegirl. You having the gines for all the girls, like, I think that's, that's great. I love that. For us. Yes. It's gonna be Beautiful. No extra. I don't think guys do like gines, like a, A guy in times, A guy in times, they Don't care about none of that stuff.


But did you know that? Is it Valentine's Day? It is the most money spent holiday. It has to be really over Christmas. Oh, damn. Yeah, I know. They, they go all out because They, they want the Roll out, the red carpet or the rose carpet and like the gifts and do, Do, It's everywhere. Do women buy their, do y'all buy, do you buy your, your man something for Valentine's? You know, Phil is not a like a gift type of person. He just wants some good ass wop later. Head later. Oh, Actually He bought it all. Yeah, that's what he want.


I Know that's right. That's gift you sharing. We Ain't got time to do the what you call it. What? The, the starfish. Oh, no, no, no, no. Cockroach. No. She said Cockroach ain't no cockroach that night. Ain't no starfish with that night. He could get some W that night. Okay. So then there's preparation. You can be ready to go Ready, have a good time. Ready? Yeah. Are you, are you bringing out your What? The, the tools? Oh yeah. Everything comes out. Everything comes out. Do The kids go away? We go like, usually we'll do like a vacation, a Staycation. See that's what I'm talking about. Go book that hotel y'all and get away. Lead them kids. It's not for them this time. Exactly.


I love that for you guys. That's nice. That's right. Wind up coming back with a little push. Oh no, God. Because they, They said November right Is if it was Valentine's Day, I'm a November baby, I definitely then the Scorpios come and Yeah. From Valentine's Day. No, no. What you doing for Valentine's Day late? I don't know Yet. I mean, I haven't decided option. I do, I dunno if it's gonna be sand or snow. You wanna be booed up or what? Are you trying to up? I don't mind saying she got options. I don't, I don't, I don't mind being booed up. I mean, it's a time to give love Or Receive Love do. Wait, what do you wanna do? I'm open. It's whatever. Like if someone is like, let's go out or let's, let's go away.


I can, I can Do a quick, Hey, let's get away and get a room. Room on the other side of town of town. I'm down for all of that. So that's, but it needs to be planned a little bit so I can like, you know, bring some, some, some What? You bringing accessories? Oh Lord. White Ls What? Access, what are the accessories? I need to know. No, I mean it could start with clothing. So some, some I feel like Negligee. Yes. Some lingerie. Okay. We have some accessories like that. And see, I pull up, up with trench coat with nothing. See that's what I'm, I'm talking about. That's okay. It's okay. You know, look at me. I'm over here getting ready to get excited. Okay. Okay. Sexy, Sexy LX for the pregame.


But We look the, the viewers need the Lex expert. What they gotta do? Oh, the Lex expert. The L Oh my the sex expert. The sex expert. Yeah. I just like, I like the element of surprise. I also like just the teasing and just like the show of it all. That's cute and sexy. Yes. And I just wanna have a good time and, and have some Do You bring good time, like dessert to the bed? No, that's messy to me. Like, I don't need dessert. I'm the dessert. Have you Ever had pop rocks? Pop rock? Weird. You're telling me to get, tell, tell me about that. You gotta get, get the pop rocks. What are the pop rocks for? Sharelle. You put 'em in your mouth. Put 'em in. Yeah, man, I do. He does. So you put the pop rocks in your mouth?


Mm. So then there's a lot of Yes, it's popping while you sucking and Sucking and looking and sucking and looking. Okay. M Okay then This the dirty addition of Humble Baddies. I like Pop rocks. Yeah. So you saying bring some something? I, I thought you were gonna meet, say something like some syrup or some honey, some whipped cream. You should, You should have a little goodie bag for your gines with Oh, I should, should for the girls bring. That's a good Idea. You should do that. So gallant times would be, I'm put numbing cream, some numbing numbing cream. Yeah. For like, this is too much work. Numbing cream for the mouth. Some people can't take it. Some you gotta for the Mouth numbing. I've never heard of it for the mouth. Men. Like when you slaw, where do you put it?


If you don't, other Numbing cream. I've heard for like the anal for Anal numbing for the anal. I ain't never heard of that. Oh, this is too much. Okay. Why is it too Much? Listen, you got I didn't Numbing for the mouth. Numbing. Numbing makes you slo more and, and being like when you slop. Okay. This is a lot. Is is it though? I mean, well this is an adult conversation. Well that hot. Yeah, that it could be that. Or it could be the laier here. Oh yeah, we gotta put some, some la portier in the back. I think it be a combination of both Portier in the bag. But you know, they can get listen started. I'm telling y'all get y'all some La Portier.


The la portier just turned everything like, it's like a heat of like a warm sensation. Get you warm and ready to go. Yeah. It's something about that kayak and do something to you. You know that yak that that the, that that good brown. That good brown gets you right. You gotta stay away from that right there. That shit will get you in trouble. Alright y'all. So back to Valentine's Day. You gonna put the goodies in the goody bad. I got ladies cream. We okay. You let her know what I was gonna take you to a whole nother level sexy lake. I don't mind. Y'all are crazy.


During tax season, your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen. LifeLock's US-based restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed, or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults.


You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next Level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu. Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


February is the month of love and we all deserve a little something special. Dime Beauty is having their annual Valentine sale right now where you can get 25% off everything. With code vay, it's the perfect excuse to refresh your beauty routine or pick out a thoughtful gift. At Dime Clean is more than a standard. It's their promise. Dedicated to skin conscious ingredients. They focus on creating beauty, skincare, body care, and fragrances that are safe, gentle, and free from harsh chemicals. With dime, you can trust what you're putting on your skin every single day. If you're looking for the perfect nighttime anti-aging cream, their TBT cream is a must try. It's packed with clean age defying ingredients that nourish and hydrate your skin while you sleep. But don't just take my word for it. Over 3005 star reviews speak for themselves. Whether it's skincare, fragrance, or a little bit of both. Dime has something for everyone. Visit dime beauty co.com and use code Valenti Andy for 25% off right now during their Valentine Day sale. Grab your favorites before it's over. Dime beauty co.com.


All right, you guys, we always get your dms, your suggestions on what we should talk about. So today We listen and we don't judge, We listen and We don't judge. So we gonna talk about it. The rise of love bombing. Ooh, have y'all ever heard of it? Love bombing. Love Bombing. Yeah, I've heard of it. I've definitely heard of it. Yes. Is it real romance or is it manipulation? I think it is manipulation. But how do you know the difference? Ooh, that's a good question too. Yeah, like a sub question to it. I don't know. Love bombing. Like an example of love bombing would be like over-exaggerating something.


Right? I feel like if you can't follow up and you can't be about what you're speaking on, then don't say it. Right. I feel like you're exaggerating. You're getting my hopes up. And to me that's a turnoff. If you can't deliver, I don't want it. I don't want it if it's not real. Exactly. I mean, that's how I feel about that. Yeah. What about you guys? I think, you know, if somebody, something comes off too good to be true in the beginning, that's like a red flag. So, I mean, I don't know. I think a woman or anybody who is looking for love and then finally meets somebody that they feel like is giving them everything that they need and they're, you know, doing all the things with affection and the gestures and everything like that, I feel like it can feel like it's real.


But I think sometimes we have to take off the, the rose color, what do you call glasses? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, you know, just be a little realistic. Like, is this something that somebody can sustain? You know? Ooh, sustainability, they right. Or is it just, they're just trying to make me like them. Like they're just doing things to make me, you know? Yeah. Almost Like they're representative. They're representative. Yeah, exactly. I feel like it, that's a good point. It's kind of hard because when I first met Chad, he was, I mean, he's still like Wining and dine Wine and dine and everything. So I would would wouldn't call it love bumming. I felt like it was like true.


He was consistent Behavior. Yeah. But but it's still consistent behavior. Yeah. When we were together, like he always, I mean, in the beginning he was like going extra, extra hard, compressing. Like, every week I would wake up with something new. It, it was, I think thought he felt like he love bombed you. I don't know. Because I mean, he, he kept that behavior. Like, it wasn't like, it was just temporary. So he sustained it. He sustained it. I So it wasn't a love Bomb. It wasn't, I wouldn't say it was a love bomb. Okay. But it's like, how do you know when does it come to an end when someone love, love bombs? Like I think when they show you that if they, if they don't get something from you and then they try to like take it from you to punish you or, So basically they doing it until they get what they want.


Right. They're Over until they basically gain control of you. Right? Yeah. Like here are these big gifts, here are these big wishes and these big things. And then now that I've got you, what are they actually chasing after what now that they've captured You in that way. And then would it be become manipulation once they feel like they wanna regain you and get you back so they go back to doing the thing? Do you? Yeah. Is it still love bumming or is it now manipulation? Yeah, it's both. I think it's both. It's one in the same. But I think like, I don't know, for me, I feel like when somebody's doing too much, I just automatically am like, but who, who are you really? You know?


If I can't, yes. If it's so much that I can't really tell, like, and I'm not getting to know who you are and like the reasons why you love me or like me outside of like you giving me stuff and I can't figure out the reasons why I really like you outside of the stuff that you're love bombing me with, then I think that's like a cue to be like, what is this? Right. I respect, I seen this, I was listening to this guy talk and he was basically saying like, I'm not going to overdo it. I'm not going to give you expectations from as a man and not, you know, not follow through with it. So you're going to, how I treat you when I first meet you, this is what you're gonna get.


I Like that. Throughout the duration. Right. Throughout the duration. So if I'm not texting you like that, yeah. Then that's what you're gonna get. Get used to that. And he, he said that he had like, that problems with, with women, like dating women because they felt like he wasn't serious. It wasn't that he's a busy man and I don't wanna promise you something that I can't continue to do. And I was like, you know What, I, I respect that. Yeah, I Respect that. Because a lot of, a lot of men love bomb. Like they I see go over the top to get what they want at the beginning. Once they got it, once they got what they have, then it's, you know, you get complacent. And it's not the same. I feel like courting is essential to this.


Like courting, like old school courting. Let me, let me show you, let me, let me show you what my intents are, right? I prefer someone who's consistent. It's very attractive. And you mean what you say? You say what you mean to me, I appreciate someone who's intentional. Like I feel like when you're, we're having dialogue and conversation. I like the phone calls. I like the little text messages. You Be, you be on the phone with your legs in the air. Twi twi. I Like all of that shit. Like, talk to me on the phone. I do, I get my 3:00 AM my 3:00 AM wake up call like, Hey babe, I'm just, I just made it in and I'm just wanna talk. And you look up, it's like 30 minutes. I like that because I came up in the era of that on the phone we can With be together.


Yes. So you rather have the extra, extra, extra long cord. 'cause it was only two lines in the house. If you were lucky, you would pull it into your room. One hangup, like one ring, one hangup, and then you like call back like real quiet, you know? Or nights and weekends, that's when you could turn up. So like I come from that era of just like that intention. So I appreciate that because we do all live busy lives and I feel like when people are transparent and they're open and honest about their time, then they're like, okay, well I can text you little quick thing. You know, you start to know your schedule or they know your schedule. I think it becomes sexy and kind of flirty when you're like sending like your little timestamps of just what you got going on.


And that's the best feeling. Like how do you let that feeling continue to last? Like the butterflies and the just being what, what are things that you can do to continue that? Like when you first meet someone to have that same feeling five, 10 years from now? Is it possible? Ash, you wanna answer that For us? How to keep the butterflies? Yes. And is it possible? 'cause I feel like it is, I mean, I feel like I don't have butterflies anymore. I have Excitement. I Have, I don't know what you call it, it's not butterflies. It's definitely different. It's a definitely a more mature feeling.


It's not butterflies. It's like a sense of like safety in home. Like Reassurance. Yeah. It's like at the end of the day, I know where home is. I know like, I just have this sense of like, feeling safe. You know what I mean? Secure. Yes. Secure. You know, I love that. So I think I still, you know, we're, I'm excited to, you know, not ne it's not excitement. I wouldn't say it's excitement. It's just literally for me, a peace of mind. A peace of, oh, I like that home. When I get back to the house, you know, I know like he's home or if I'm out and he calls me like, you know, it's him checking to make sure I'm safe. Yes. Like it's just, for me, it's like a safety thing.


And that's like, I know somebody in the world is always making sure I'm good. Right. I like that. And for me, yeah. I mean that kind of like trumps butterflies, it kind of, that grows into something more. But I think just making sure that you guys still relate on a everyday basis. Because we're together all the time. We live together. You know, he's retired so he's home. So, you know, it's not the same as like, you know, when you go days or whatever without seeing somebody. Like I see him all the time. So it's not like the same excitement, but just being happy to have somebody to share life with. Yes. To share like experiences. Like I still get excited to come home and tell him things that I've done or things that I'm excited to do.


I love him. So for me it just, it's different Now. It's like your best friend. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I love that. I, I like the chase, I like the butterflies, I love all of that. Like, I wanna keep it going because I feel like I see older couples that are really in love and I attain to that. Like even, it's so cute. Even where you can dance, if that's what you started off doing and, and sharing music and vibing together and or traveling those shared interests. I feel like that is a goal of mine that I want us to sustain and be able to like look forward to in our, my relationship going forward. Yes. So Like that. This one is for you. Dating while healing. Ooh. This one for you, Lex. Okay. Can you truly find love without being a hundred percent healed?


I believe so. Only because I feel like no one has ever a hundred percent healed. That's true. And I, I would even say that despite if you've been married, divorced, we all have, as humans, we have different triggers. We have different experiences in different ways that we move because of whether it's how we were raised. Yeah. Everybody Has something They have to heal from every Exactly. Exactly. And to me it's always daily struggles too. You know? It could be something today, it could be in something another month from now. Yeah. And so to me it's just like, I feel yes, you can, to me it's more about where you are in your heart and where what are you willing to give.


Right. What is, what space, what capacity is left. Right. But don't get it. I feel like don't get it twisted. Like start dating and you're not over that relationship. Because that's what a lot of people tend to do. Like, oh yeah, you have to give yourself grace. You definitely have to give yourself grace and Tom. A lot of people get caught up in, you know, going to the next without fully healing and recovering from the previous relationship. Of course. So it takes time. Yeah, it takes work. It definitely takes time. But I also have talked to friends now that have said, you know what Alexis, I see that that vibrancy in you now where it is more attractive compared to there was a little grayer vibe before. 'cause I'm just coming off of X, Y, and z.


This, this Lex that I know now from the Lex when I first met is totally different. And I love this, this Lex right now. It's like you own it. Like you, you just come in a room and it's just sunshine. Thank you for that. I Do that. And That's what I love about you. Like you are very, you're very secure in who you are as a woman. No matter what you've been through. You can't see it because you've overcome all that. Right? Yes. And I just love that like, every time you come, thank you. Come next to us. I feel like it's nothing but sunshine. Thank you. And that comes from healing. Yeah. That comes from doing the work. That comes from really like therapy, talking to myself, self love, right. Reassurance and really just opening up and really discovering that spark of who I am as Alexis.


Because I feel like in any relationship you wanna be a whole. Right. And I pray and hope that my partner as a whole too. Yeah. That way we can come together and really be secure in ourselves separately to be, to create that one whole together. Exactly. So that's what Iain for. So I love it. Love I'm there. I'm like, I'm, I'm ready and I'm open. So we, we shall see what Happens. I'm happy for you, Lex. I love this Lex. You I love this Lex Too. It's so beautiful. The, the sexiness, the, it's like, it's a different type of vibe from when I met before. Thank you. And I'm in my essence right now. You know, it's just, I, I just feel like my, I'm, I've, I've done my work, I've done, I've put in the work and I'm at this space now where I'm just open and, and I, and I'm like, it, there was some sad times, there was some of, some heavy times.


But I'm so aware now of who I am. And You overcame it. I Did. I did. And whoever can tap into this space right now and and, and catch this butterfly, good luck to them. You know? 'cause they'll be blessed, Right? Yes. I know. That's right. Yeah. So listen ladies, I mean, we all have, I mean, you've been in your, you still in your relationship, but we have, you know, we've overcame the hurt and, and, and it's, it's another side. It's a it is sunshine. It Is. It is. It's sunshine. It's, it's just, what do they say? You know, weeping my endorphin night. But joy Comes in in the morning, so it comes in the morning. Yeah. Amen. So it happens. I'm a prime example and a witness. So that's one of my testimonies for sure.


My last one. Long distance relationships and 2025, I'm down for that shit. Yeah. Yeah. I actually, honestly, I wouldn't, I would be down with a long distance relationship. Yeah. I'm down for that. Yeah. Just because I have my home that I'm sharing with my children right now. Like, It feels good to be by yourself. Yeah. I like that. I like when they're away. I like when they're with their dad. I like when I have my time. And to be long distance is cool. But just because, you know, absence makes the heart grow fonder. And So, you know, it's the anticipation of when we gonna meet next. That's how I love that. Right.


When Chad and I was together, you know, it was a, I was in Tampa. He was in Miami and it was just, it was excitement to, oh, I'm going to see my baby. I feel like it's more excitement in the long distance. And then you still get be, you are still able to get back home and just have your own, like, you don't have to deal with Yeah. Someone 24 hours a day. Like, okay. Now I'm like, because we're Nurturers too. Yes. We like give a lot. We don wanna, we might wanna make sure they're good. So it's good to like kind of like look forward to that. I like that. Yes. Yeah. I'm, I know a couple actually who were married for seven years lived apart because they both had their own separate lives. Finished building a home together while they were in this relationship and have just now moved in together after seven years Oh wow.


Of marriage. So like, I see it and they, they love it. They love it. And I, I'm down with that. I could see that happening. I'm not, I'm not mad at that. Never. I think I, I wouldn't be mad at it either. You know? I like you would do the marriage too. Yeah. Long distance marriage. Absolutely. Just because I'm, I'm on a, I'm on this. My trajectory of where I'm at as Alexis, whoever my partner is will understand that, you know, we are in and out of the country at times and you know, where I'm at in my space and just where I am with, with my children. There's things that they need. And whoever invests in me and understands who I am, I'm like down to really accommodate them. 'cause I want them to accommodate me.


Right. Whether it's travel and, and we can, I love that. Getting hopping on a plane, doing a quick 48 hours or trips and tapping in real quick. Look, look, you know, meeting up for a date night somewhere in, in the middle. I'm down for that too. That's fun. It's accelerating. Showing up in a trench coat with nothing. I taste sexy. L as Long as they don't, you know, security, they don't pull me over to the side. Right. Pick something's beeping or something. I have to do a, a real Strip shirt. Something. What? What? You got a bullet down there? Oh my God. I might, that's what I've heard. No, I'm just like, nah, but low key. It is just, I I like that. I, I would be open to it just because it's 2025.


Yeah. And been in this space and the fact that we travel so much. Yeah. I meet, I meet people in the airport. I meet people, you know, in these, these parties, these events and these exclusive vibes. So they have their life going on and that's attractive. You know what I'm saying? I got things going on here in Florida. I'm a Miami girl right now. So it's like, but I'm, I'm also a travel friend too, so. Okay. Hint, hint. Look at that little loud look at the mask. You know, I'm sorry Ibl. Get rid of You right now. Double see Lex blush this much. You know, we're talking about love, you know, we're exuding love over here. And this is my month.


This is my birthday month. Oh yeah. This is your birthday month. Yeah. I'm all for it. Little Freaky little pi. You I'm, Ooh. Is that what they say about us? Spicy? They say them poss they say them posses are freaky. Mm. We are fish. You know, They are the, the true definition of a sex expert. Sex expert Or lex expert. I like that. I Dunno what y'all are talking about. But now it's time for the Hot girl headlines. Ooh. But Actually I would rather play a game. Are y'all down? Are y'all down? I'm down. Oh, because It's a gallon time. It's Mean. Y'all got me going. I'm a little nervous on a little nervous. I'm Ready for games. I like games. Okay, so the game is called Would you Rather, okay, so I'm gonna, oh, Like back in the day basement, Would you rather, Oh wait, what is, you was playing into the basement.


What y'all used to do back in the day? In the basement. In the Basement. Would you rather, I'm just saying, I'm throwing it out, you know, Get your mind out the gutter. I'm just playing actually. Yes. Would you rather, I'm gonna give y'all some scenarios. Okay. Okay. And you gotta let me know what you would rather do. Okay? Okay. Would you rather date someone who's amazing in bad, but terrible at communicating? Or someone who's an incredible communicator, but average in the Bed? You gotta be good in bed. Yeah. Good. In bad. But he sucks at communicating. This Is tough because I know how to carry a conversation, baby. I just need you to be good and good. But communication, I feel like it's, it breaks up relationships like immediately.


Like you can help somebody get better and The better. That's, I mean, we ain't doing nothing but dating and it ain't like we getting married. I don't know. I feel like foreplay starts at Hello. Ooh. You know, like, so the communication is part of like the Okay. Like that little bit of that. Keep going. Advice. You know what that is true. You what I'm saying with women? Yeah. If He doesn't get you here first Yeah. Down here, that's not gonna get left. That's true. That's True. So I feel like communication is a big deal because then you can communicate what you like and don't like. Exactly. And what you want and don't want. That's true. What you need and don't need. You know what I'm saying? So that we Can work, work on that. But what if they know how to give it to you in there? That's What I'm trying to tell you.


Like, I can work with the like, oh, if they can. Okay. What if, what if they, what if they're a good communicator in? What is this? Well, Maybe Wait, let's, that's not the question. You said average. That's not, you said average. No, let's make it interesting. Average, because average can make it, let's make it Interesting. So just average sex? No. No. Nope. We finna make it interesting. It says Average and bad, But, but we finna make it interesting. Oh my goodness. What if he's a great communicator and he's No, Probably not. Probably not. It's a pass. It's a a haul ass. That's not even a Game. It's okay.


He's a tickler. All right. A tickle with no pickle. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Okay. Okay. Next one. Next one. She Real rushing the wait, We didn't, We know we don want nobody with a little, but we gotta add Lex go. But communication, But with a pickler, a Ticker. Oh my goodness. A Tickler with a good, with good communication. Do it. You Don't want it. Yeah, I can't do it. That's Easy. Don't nobody want that. I I like depth. I like We gonna say now Everybody wants that. Oh, nobody want that little t that well everybody ain't blessed with. But You also don't want anything ginormous either.


I'd rather have something ginormous than a little, because I Don't think so. I don't You'd rather go big, big dog. Like, you'd rather go like crazy. Ain't nothing that big now. Oh, now, now. So you would rather have a tickler than big dog? No, With the influx of toys and like other things. I feel like you could work with a smaller penis compared to a bigger women. You can work with a tickler. I don't want to give me the communication. Gimme the foreplay, gimme the other things. I don't Know if I could do, I don't want, I don't wanna smile. I don't think I could do it. I don't, Don't think I could do that. She said she want a big dog.


Yeah. She don't want a puppy. She want a big dog. Okay. All right. Ruth, can we move on now please? We can. Yes, we can. Would You rather have an intimate encounter in a public place or a private location? Public Or private? I would do public. I would definitely do public. It's a, that's fine. It's the, it's the excitement of Yes. Okay. So have you, have you done it in a public location? Yeah. Where? Dressing room. Okay. What about You? A private bathroom in the back of a club. Okay. I've done it on a airplane. Airplane, private club. Oh, you really? Hot miles private.


Yeah. My high club Club. Lex's part of the mile hot club bitch. I ain't even do that. Yeah. Okay. Would you rather have a secret admirer or a confident person who makes their intentions known immediately? I don't mind the secret admirer that is going to eventually reveal themselves. Like, we gotta, I need it. I like to, I want someone to come up to me. I don't, I'm not, yeah, I don't go after as often. I feel like I want someone to be interested in me. And if it's mutual then I'm like, oh yeah, let's, let's lock in. Okay, let's, let's see what's, let's see what's up with this. What do you want? Secret, admirer or a confident person who comes up to you immediately?


I like playing the cat in the mouth. Okay. Elaborate. Secretate. Me. I would like a secret Admir. So you want, you want someone to just not reveal who they are, but give you all the hints. Give you awesome vibes. But like, you don't even, you want them to f you want you wanna figure out who it is. It depends on, that's What I'm trying to say. What if the grand reveal after all these things, let's say for example, No, let me, you know, figure hires giving You what? Whatever its given that man like that man who was messaging you that time. No, I need to know that. I, I situation don't, I'm a, IM a nigga and I need to know. You need to know who it, yeah. You need to know. And if they pull up on you and then they show like interest and all of that, then Yeah, I need to know.


So There you go. I need to know too. I wanna know what's up, but come after me if you want this. Come get me. Last one. Would you rather be blindfolded or tied up during a spicy encounter? Both. Oh shit. Why choose you both? Alright, that was easy Because that element of surprise is there. Yes. Yeah. And your senses are heightened because if one of your major senses is taken away, then each, you know, your taste, your hearing, your smell, your touch, everything turns up a bit. Yes. Yeah. Like that shit both. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Tie up and this whole episode. Okay.


And gimme a safe word. All right y'all, thank you for playing. I like that. We need, we need to do a little bit more of that ash. All Right, I got y'all. Next time, we'll, we'll dive a little deeper. So Would you rather Yes. Yes. What Do we have now? Lex,


This is it. Your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at w BrightView senior living.com. Equal housing opportunity.


February is the month of love and we all deserve a little something special. Dime Beauty is having their annual Valentine sale right now where you can get 25% off everything. With Code Valentine, it's the perfect excuse to refresh your beauty routine or pick out a thoughtful gift. A dime clean is more than a standard. It's their promise. Dedicated to skin conscious ingredients. They focus on creating beauty, skincare, body care, and fragrances that are safe, gentle, and free from harsh chemicals. With dime, you can trust what you're putting on your skin every single day. If you're looking for the perfect nighttime anti-aging cream, their TBT cream is a must try. It's packed with clean age defying ingredients that nourish and hydrate your skin while you sleep. But don't just take my word for it. Over 3005 star reviews speak for themselves. Whether it's skincare, fragrance, or a little bit of both, dime has something for everyone. Visit dime beauty co.com and use Code Valentine for 25% off right now during their Valentine Day sale. Grab your favorites before it's over. Dime beauty co.com


with The best all inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you wanna enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise. Cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact way you want, at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach finder. Or find a featured all-inclusive package to Blue Diamond Resorts and do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


This is a segment of Unfiltered and unfollowed. Ooh. Yes. Yes. The wedding invites snub. I mean, we all feel some kind of way when we're not invited somewhere. Right? A girl you considered a friend gets engaged, plans a big wedding, but doesn't invite you, but still watches all your IG stories. Follow. Unfollow or block. I wouldn't, I would keep following her. I feel like we're still friends. Not everybody's invited to everything. Especially like life events. Weddings are big. I love that Weddings are very expensive. Exactly. Expensive. All the things.


Therefore, you know, whoever the bride and groom want to be there. Yeah. So I wouldn't take it personal. That's, Yeah. I wouldn't take it personal unless it's a close friend. But if it's just a friend, you know, they have who they want to invite. Invite to their, and like Ashley said, they are expensive. Yes. Nothing to take personal. Yeah. 'cause you never know. Like you, it could be an intimate wedding of 10. It could be or it could be whatever. So we don, we don't know. We don't know. I like that. The toxic podcast bro. A guy you went on a one date with starts a podcast where he rants about how modern women bring nothing to the table. Do you follow back unfollow or block?


It's a lot of those child we'll be unfollowing the whole goddamn damn Instagram if balloon Pop. If that, Yeah. I feel like everybody, you know, has an opinion. Everybody wants to share their opinion and if, and it's Disagree, If you disagree with everybody and everything, like you won't have any friends. You won't have, you know what I mean? Yeah. It's like, it's your your right to feel how you feel and say what you wanna say. You know what I'm saying? Of course. You can't take everything to heart. Now if it's, I like that is something like, you know, there are some topics that we can really like stand on and be like, okay, I need to set myself apart from this person. Yeah. But if it's just, you know, it's a lot of dumb stuff on the internet. It is. I I feel like you just have to filter it out.


Let it go in one ear and out the other. Yeah. Sharelle, what do you think you wanna talk about? I feel like it's just a podcast. Like they're entitled to their opinions. Just like we are entitled to our opinions. We have a podcast. So it's nothing to get mad about. Right. That's what it's for. That was their experience. Exactly. Pretty Much. I like that. What about the ghosting comeback? Someone who ghosted you six months ago suddenly pops into your dms. Hey stranger, or hey big head, what are we gonna do? Ladies Ignore. Yeah. Because six months is the minute, right? Yeah. That's a lot. They see you popping. Yeah. They see you. Maybe a new haircut, new vibe, new vibe. Like you don't Carry.


Yeah. Yeah. Ignore. Ignore. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. What about the ex's new boo? Your ex's new girlfriend follows you first likes all your old posts and comments. So pretty. What are we doing ladies from a pick two years ago? Hmm. That's so weird. Two years ago. That's Weird. Yeah. What are we doing? I would probably ignore that too. Yeah, Ignore. I would ignore that. Use That. That's a, that's awkward. They're a Fan, right? Yeah. They're fan behavior. Yeah. Okay. Weird Behavior. Weirdos. Okay. Weirdos. The one who owes you money. Mm. They still haven't paid you back, but they're posting luxurious vacations.


Brunches and concert tickets. What are we doing ladies? I'm calling them, messaging them. Where is my money? Exactly. Where are my coins? Exactly. You doing a little bit too much over there. Them income tax done here. I need my coins. So not only are we, we gonna still keep following. Yeah. And we gonna follow up. Yeah. Follow Up. Absolutely. Follow up Or Pull up. Yeah. And lastly, the gym selfie overload. Someone posts 15 gym selfies a day plus every workout set. Are we following blocking or is that too much? What are we doing? I, I mean if it's something that they do and it's their, how they get paid, it's motivating.


So it's lifestyle Behavior. Yeah. I'll be like, okay, they got something new. I feel like I wouldn't unfollow or anything, but sometimes people do over post. Sometimes You gonna mute. They mute. I mean, I love to mute not for gym. I'm not you not for gym selfies. 'cause like I need motivating like for gym. But if somebody's posting, for instance, them always shopping or always like spending money fri frivolously, you know, that's something that I need to work on. So I might like mute them. Yeah. 'cause I don't need to be seeing that. Like I have to be conscious of the stuff that I'm taking in every day. Absolutely. So if it's something that I feel triggers me and it's something that I'm trying to work on, like if I see them going out to the club all the time or drinking all the time and it's something that I'm personally trying to work on, then I might mute them or unfollow.


Understand. But Going to the gym I need to do more of Listen, I see in Sharelle in the gym and you motivate me by the way. I Have my little gym post and then I throw up the deuces. I, They motivate me. I'm motivat motivate You Motivat. I'm Like, mm. Them legs. Let me see what Elle got doing today. Yeah. I need to get that workout in, in that fit. So I'm following. I I don't mind it. People do be doing too much. But you don't be doing too much. No. No You don't. Some people be, yeah, some people be doing too, too much. I be in the gym like, girl, you need to stop. Yeah. And then they'll pull they pants up tight so they little camera to moose notebook and Show. Yeah. That is crazy. Wait, what is you doing over there? One time Phil bought me those leggings where like scrunch up in the booty And I was like, Wears I So You Boot the scrunch booty?


Is that I just can't do it. I just feel like if you see too much, like you can see all of my ass up in the crack, you know, you can see all Of that. I have some Of those. I cannot wear those. I, I would turn that gem upside down. You can't wear those. I don't even have a big old booty, but I just still feel like trying. I wear some of them, but it's not too much of a scrunch. It's just because It enhances it. For Sure. Yeah. It does enhance it. You think People wanna be like, I love my low cut, my low back cuts. Oh. Where it's like the whole back is out and then it, it is a low cut. I'm not cute in the gym. When I work out I look hot. You locked in mess. Yeah. It's nothing cute about it. Yeah, I'm locked in, but I get cute sometimes. Yeah. I do not be cute. The hair you get for you hair be sweated out.


Yes. The clothes, I got all my old Nike stuff from when Phil had his Nike contract. I got brand new Nike stuff. It's old, but it's good for you. Like, but it's not like the cute scrunch booty and the all the new like cut Yeah. Outfits that they have. I don't have none of that. Look, the gym has turned into a fashion show. Does It? Has like, you gotta come in there matching from, it's a club to toe. It's a club. It's a club at this point. Even The pri even the prison gyms. And I go to a prison gym. Yeah, you Call it. Oh wait, A what? Prison gym. Well, it don't look What please tell me what It don't look good on the inside. Oh, it's a lot of free weights. It's, it's like rugged. Not The prison Gym. Yeah, we call it the prison gym.


You got trap music in there and you you and not just you in There. Locked in, Locked in. Even the prison gyms turning into a fashion show. I'm not mad at the motivation though. Like I'm here for it. Yeah. Let me, let me see what's going on. I wanna see progress. I wanna see the vibes. All of that. Yes, Yes, yes. Listen, I'm coming out with a little vi a leg video. So y'all make sure y'all stay tuned. Let us know. You do have some beautiful legs. But thank you. Well ladies, it was getting real hot and spicy up in here. You know we in the gym, we in the bedrooms. We got shorty It is and big ones and all this kind of stuff. What do we have next? Ladies? Sherelle. What you got for us sis? Listen Y'all, I got the humble Betty's mail and we thank you guys for submitting.


We make sure we, you know, we find someone, we pick it. We don't know what it is until the day of. So this week we have Rhonda. Hey Rhonda And Rhonda needs our advice. Let's hear what Rhonda has to say. Okay, sis. Okay. Rhonda, I've been in a relationship with a man who is paralyzed. Hmm. And despite all my efforts to care for him, washing his clothes, helping him daily, he keeps mistreating me. He throws things at me when he's upset. And he recently started hitting my legs with his cane. I understand he's likely frustrated, but I'm reaching my breaking point. Do you think it's time for me to walk away since he can't, not Rhonda?


Mm. First of all, was that Sheyy talking out? Is it time for me to walk away since he can't that shey or not? Am I tripping, Rhonda? That you gotta get some distance. Okay, let's, let's start with that first. Yeah. I don't care if you're paralyzed, disabled or whatever. Nobody Shouldn't, nobody. Nobody should Endure abuse. Like there's no reason for that. Yeah. How much can you take? If he can't use his words, then it's a issue. It's a problem. So I definitely think that you should step away, make sure you find like a safe space. You know, You should run away. You should be able to find a safe space so that you guys can figure out your situation. And if he can't figure out a way to discuss whatever y'all issues are, then it's time for you to walk away.


For sure. Run away. Run Away. I agree with Ash. Like it's, it's time to go. Maybe he needs some therapy of some sort. Because If you are the caretaker and this person is dependent on you, that's abuse. It is abuse. There's ways to communicate. There's verbal ways. Yeah. I don't like that. I don't like that Rhonda, you might have to let him go And he needs to get some help. If he's frustrated, he needs to find better ways to deal with his frustration not hitting you. And I know they have assistant assistance for that. Given the situation. There are people who can handle the, the influx and the up and down of behavior issues that it sounds a little deeper. I'm nobody's doctor or anything like that, but you know when you're starting to abuse others emotionally and mentally and they're taking the time to help you, that's not, that's not good.


It's not good. Yeah. Serious. On a serious note, yes. He needs help and you need to get away from that relationship. Yeah. Because physical abuse is not it. And yeah. We don't condone in it like, and you shouldn't either. You shouldn't take that. Correct. Right. So definitely run away. Yes. Don't walk, run. That's the end of it. That's our Humble Daddy's Mail. If you all have anything that you want to submit, send over to us please. And remember, we are giving away $2,500 to one small black-owned business. Happy Black History Month. Subscribe to the podcast. Yes to in order to get these $2,500. Absolutely. Let's go. Thank you so much for tuning in to Humble Baddies.


You can find me at Ash three Nicole. I'm Alexis Walsh Meyer. You can find me at Alexis Somy. And I'm Sharelle Risto. You can find me at Sherelle Risto. Thank you again for tuning in to Humble Baddies. Yes. For our Valentine Edition episode. Whether you're celebrating Valentine's Day with a partner, your friends are enjoying some well deserved self love spread. We hope that your day is filled with joy and appreciation. Spread The love. Everybody. We love. You guys love.


During tax season, your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll, your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms. Apply


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities. Enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive Budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured all inclusive package to re You Ne Grill. And do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? It's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate So you can take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with those day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your Way to Money, money Movement Services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.