
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between, because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


This is Rashaan McDonald from Moneymaking Conversations Masterclass. Feeling buried in the never ending todo list that comes with running a business, managing orders, tracking expenses. It's a lot. That's where Amazon Business steps in. They've got smart buying solutions like spend visibility, a cloud-based system to track your buying patterns So you can optimize your savings and bulk buying So you can continue to save costs on select products with quantity discounts. Smart right? Let Amazon Business take care of the admin So you can focus on what really matters growing your business. Check out smart business buying@amazonbusiness.com. A business prime membership is required to access. Spend visibility


At Amica Insurance. We know it's more than just a car or a house. It's the four wheels that get you where you're going. And the four walls that welcome you home when you combine auto and home insurance with Amica will help protect it all. And the more you cover, the more you can save Amika. Empathy is our best policy.


I'm a little nosy, a little curious. I really wanna know what did Sherell do for Valentine's Day In my lane? So you, when I So you, when you Hey, SWIR. That song. Okay guys, welcome back to the Humble Baddies podcast. I am Ashley Nicole.


I'm Alexis Wehmeyer. And I am Sherell Rosado. And we are The humble Daddy buddies. What's up y'all? We're back after Valentine's Day. Ooh. And I'm a little nosy, a little curious. I really wanna know, what did Sherell do for Valentine's Day? Mm. See, I thought it was gonna be a little spicy. Okay. But it wasn't, I actually, it was, it was a good thing. I spent Valentine's Day with serenity. Aw. My little serenity pillow. He And spicy my Little pool. Okay. So, so that means Chad didn't do anything special. He didn't send you no gifts. He didn't send you no flowers.


I don't like flowers, but no. Okay. We are, we, we, we coherent. We are not together, so. Okay. I mean, I guess that's cute. I'm single. I had to book my, I had to buy my own gift. And it's Okay to do your love day. I booked me, I booked me a spa day the next day after. That's healthy. I like that. Yeah. And the massage was amazing. I think It's best that y'all keep it, you know, very separate. Yeah. Like, you know, I feel like when you start confusing lines and blurring lines, it can get a little tricky. Anyway, so I respect that. That's good. I think it's cute though, that you spend time with your baby girl too, because we, we are very active. We're very busy. Yes. And to have to share a little love day and give a little love to her.


Yeah. It makes us feel good as parents, you know? And really just the fact that you can really pour into yourself too, even the next day, because we can get caught up on one day. Yeah. Of love. Like Valentine's Day, you walk into Walgreens CVS, it's like screaming hearts and red everywhere and then you can feel some kind of way. Yeah. It makes you feel like you need it. And I feel like it's great when you're able to like, spend time with people you love or you love yourself. It felt So good because I ordered, I knew I wanted to put something for Serenity for Valentine's. I ordered her three American girl dolls. Aw. And they're so cute now. She have like seven of 'em. I Thought they was Kenya dolls. No. Kenya dolls. That's From back in the, the day. That's I They Have Kenya Dolls no more.


No, they don't have them do. That's what I had. Okay. But now they have the American girl dolls. I know. I don't know nothing. And I got boys. I know. I dunno. I doll. But see, this was, this is what I'm hoping that Serenity keep, keep 'em up. Yeah. Because you know, with the, the American girl dolls, you can send them off if, if they like, if the hair mess up, the leg break off or anything, they, they fix it for you. You send it off and they'll bring it back in like a, a, a hospital gown. You know, you need to take it, you need to take Serenity and the, whichever American dolls you have to go to New York. You have to go to Or Chicago. Yeah. You can make one look like her. They Go to the salon. You eat with them at the cafe. That is so cute. The whole dress alive. I'm Glad I got boys because I am not interested.


Mine, Mine, Mine have retired from that. And like we used to, they used to be everywhere around the house, so. Oh Lord. Enjoy it. Oh, I know. Because it's your turn. Ariana. That's right. That's right. She went through The age of the American girl. Do You doing it all over again? Over. I was made to be a boy mom. But anyways, Lex, what you do for Valentine's Day? Oh, the people wanna know. The people wanna know. Don't wanna know. They do wanna know. They don't wanna know. We nosy. What was Lex doing? Who, who was your Valentine's Lex? Sexy Lex? Well, I, I went to go see a friend. It was very much a, just a very much So you Went to go see like this was a trip you flew? Yeah, I flew. You got flew out?


I Flew, I flew out the house did. It was just great to have some, some good times with a good friend. Did You bring out the pop rocks? Right? No Pop Rocks because it wasn't just the 14th. We, we wanted to, we wanted to like state that. It was just basically Y'all was just hanging out. It was Just a weekend away. What y'all was doing on that weekend away lick. Oh, we were relaxing and Sexing. Did you have Your own room in the I did. Okay. I had my own space. Okay. Which is awesome To have. I would say that if you're gonna go away, ladies and gents. Okay. Make sure you make sure the lady is comfortable. Has her space for those times away.


How many days were y'all gone? I need the details since, I'm sorry. I just got back yesterday. That's Oh, so that was weekend long weekend over there, girl. Oh, is that what this is? Glowing? Well it Was President's Day guys, so my children were no school and Friday was Valentine's. So you Glowing too late. Thank you. You know, they say that anyway. I'm gonna try to get more details offline. Yeah. I feel like there's more to this story. But it was good. It was good to be off grid. We were in the mountains away and just very much just unplugging. There was no TV on the whole weekend. Y'all Was plugging something else. Gotta take, gotta take it there.


It was definitely, Well at least somebody had some fun. I did. I had Facebook. See they got me in a hot seat over here. No, it was a great time. And it is just really refreshing to know when people that are you spend time with, know what you need. And you know, it's been a lot going on with all of us. A lot. We've been busy, we've been traveling, we've been active. Yeah. And so the fact that my friend was like, you know what? Pull up like, relax, don't do Anything. That was Very thoughtful. Yes. It was beyond thoughtful and intentional. And that's just all I needed. So Very. Okay. Love that. It was great. Sounds good. Well, what you do, so would You do Ash? Well, I have been booked and busy.


Okay. Period. This had to catch a flight early in the morning to San Francisco. I was there with at t at All Star Weekend getting the coins. Okay. Getting them coins boot. And this actually was a very special booking to me because I was there with at t but they were there for the HBCU Classic. And so every year, now this is the fourth year that they've had this, they bring out two HBCU schools and they have a basketball game. And they also, they have this scholarship program where they pick three students and beautiful. And it's basically like they helping them, you know, get their career started and everything. So shout out to at and TI mean at t Tuskegee University was in the house.


It felt like I was in Tuskegee, Alabama. They had the house rocking. Like I had so much fun. It didn't feel at all really. I knew your stories. I was, I was like, okay, I Love that. I had a blast. I got to interview a lot of alumni. I got to interview the president of Tuskegee University. Yes. And I was so nervous. But you did it. You did it. But I Did it. Congratulations. So it was a great weekend. You had Your dad and your best friend With Yeah, my dad actually met me out there and my best friend came to help me. That's beautiful. Out. So we had a ball. We really did. It was a good, you know, weekend away. You know, if I have to be away from my family, I always wanna make sure that it's worth it, you know? That's right. It has to. Absolutely was. So yes. But what did you, did you and Phil playing something before?


I know y'all did playing something before I seen the story. Yeah. So he had to take me out on National Side Chick Day, Not national. Which is Which day is that? That's, that's February 13th. The Day before I thought it, I thought it National. It's the day after. Yeah. The the side chick don't come before the main, well, Whatever bitch. It wasn't on the day it free. It was, it was free. Are we married? And you already got this so, and I gotta work. Exactly. I gotta Work your, your Alter ego came out. She did. She was outside. We had a good time. Does she have A name? No, I don't have a name. Okay. I gotta think of a good name. 'cause I feel like she changes up too. Okay. It just depends on the night. Okay, cool. It can be Amber. No, it's always like a super black name.


Like Quia. Yeah. Quia Shaquita. I cannot, you know, like something like that. Anyway, but we went out to dinner to one of these restaurants that I've been dying to go to and I keep trying to get a reservation. I could never get one. But Phil got one. Of course he did. So he's a foodie. Yeah, he is. Yeah. That part Phil, He gonna make sure we eat. He gonna make sure we eat. So we had a good time. We just went to dinner, we hung out. And then I, you know, I took care of him before I left. That's right. As you should. You should. Yeah. Yeah. It's part Of those. Cute. Do you know? Absolutely. So it was a good, it was a good Valentine's Day weekend. That's a President's Day weekend.


Yeah. I I I feel like All Star was like pretty dope. Like it was to see just the All Star. They have like, what is it, the Celebr game, The celebrity game. Then they had the HBCU game. Yes. Yes. The shooting stars. Where they Do the playing of Dunk contest. Yes. That's a Saturday and Sunday They brought all the, the basketball stars out. Girl, I'm retired from All Star Weekend. It used to always coincide with Valentine's Day. Yeah. So the guys were always working. They would always have to be on. And it was a lot like, yeah. But it was fun. You get to see everybody you haven't seen in a while. Like all the different ladies and the families come out and support the celebrities, the stars. It's a good time.


I know they changed up the dynamics of it was like a different type of game This year. It was different. It was different. Like they had different like celebrities where the coaches and they were like different teams. I kept seeing Kevin Hart come in, in out Funny when they had to take the pictures with Kevin Hart, the WW Players. They gotta kneel down. Oh My goodness. Just all of that. That was funny. Yeah. Yeah. It is just, I think it's a good break. I feel like, like long, long time ago, they would, it would, you would get chosen to do All Star and then you would literally leave a game, go fly land in that city and then the next morning you're on it. Whereas now they've extended it to where you, everyone has a break.


Yeah. So even if you got chosen and you're the, the star of the team or whatever the case may be and got voted in, now you have some rest. So is this like the equivalent of like the Pro Bowl or No? Yes and no. Pro Bowl is at the end of the season for football. Yeah. Whereas Allstar is right in the middle. Me. Yeah. So you just had trade deadlines And, but I mean, is it like, It's right in the middle, like A good break? I know the timing is different, but is it like, 'cause you know, pro Bowl is like for the best players. Is that the same? Yes. For Allstar 100%. You get voted in. And I think I was looking at something where Giannis was saying that they want, they, you know, they wanna keep the van fans involved and they're thinking of doing USA versus the world because it's a lot of international players will be dope.


Mm. And you know, we, we got excited during the Olympics of seeing Yeah. These NBA players play for their perspective countries. I think it could be pretty cool, you know, just to kind of keep that momentum going. Competitive nature. Well I'm not gonna, like the HBCU game was, was turned. It was turned. I love that though. I feel like it was a little more turned. I'm glad they the actual All star game. Really? I'm saying because you know that school pride, it is deep. And when you get in comfort of like other alumni and stuff Yeah. It just brings you back to college. I think That's dope. It was really, I have a little HBCU like envy, I'm not gonna lie, girl. Come To homecoming with me next year or this year. I'm coming, coming this Year.


Right. Our homecoming is lit every year. It's lit. I Need to take a trip. We did. They, I'm sure they wanna see the Humble Baddies too. Like anyway. Absolutely. The Humble Baddies gonna show up and they'll show up for us too. We need to go to that home. Us know, come we can do a mentorship program. So I mentored too. So while I was there I got the opportunity to mentor some HBCU students and Yes. Yeah. So we had a whole little panel. Amazing. It was really, really nice. So we can definitely do like a Humble Baddies mentorship program. We can do a whole set it up and do a live show too. We can, We do All of that. We should definitely. Okay. Y'all let us know. Got these ideas. Look at us Right now. Yes. That makes sense. Sense. Absolutely. I would love to bring y'all to Tuskegee and you know, mentor the kids.


You know, a lot of women look up to us, so I feel like they would really get something out of it. Yes. Beautiful. For Sure. Well, y'all let us know where y'all wanna see us. Okay. Because We come. Thank you. Speaking of Allstar, everyone was talking about, what's his name? One of the ball brothers. Oh yes. Angelo. Angelo Ball. Oh yes. Oh, now the song is fire. We can't take that away from him. I agree. 100%. Okay. But he's in the blogs for leaving Miss Nicki Baby Finance. Like Yeah. I didn't like that. 'cause I like Miss Nicky baby. I feel like, you know, she, she settled down. She started having kids and it was just a beautiful family. And then even His dad was giving her props. Like, I really like her because I know I did that.


She has her own money. She has, she brings something to the table. Like his own father was given her props. So to see like maybe a month later that he basically left her for another woman, allegedly. I think she just had right after she had her second baby too. Yeah. That's not cool. That's not cool. The timing is definitely odd. We can say that. It's like, okay if if things, if you're not happy. That's why I feel like communication. Communication. I agree. Don't publicly embarrass me on the internet. Yeah. And then like, okay, this woman is posting stuff and then after everything is out, you posting pictures with the new chick. And also you have to remember that this is the mother of your child.


She's going through postpartum, partum. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Children. Children. Exactly. So it's just like whatever y'all have going on, I feel like you're adding fuel to the fire by taking it to social media by being extra. You know what I mean? What mean? Yeah. You just have, I don't think men know what women deal with. Like, understand how postpartum is, like how, how bad it can affect us. Yeah. They don't understand that. And for him to stoop that load to even go to the internet to entertain that shit. I didn't, I didn't like that. Yeah. Yeah. Awful. It it, you know, it's, it is horrible timing. We, we obviously don't know what's going on in their households, you know, it but to, to include us in the group chat and to bring everyone involved with it.


I think it's really petty. 'cause we are forgetting the children in, in a, in a way, you know, Your kids. Yeah. Those are base kids. And then, Then how do you move on that fast? I mean, I just, it's Just, again, we don't know what's going on. Natural. I mean True. But I mean They, it's not about, we don't know what's going on. The fact is, at the end of the day, that was, they have children involved to stoop that load to go on social media, it disrespectful and entertain it. It's very disrespectful. Especially For, I don't care, especially What y'all have going on. You don't stoop that load as a man. I agree. But I think also the other lady involved, I would, I would never, like if I was in her shoes, I don't think I could be interested in a man who just had two children.


Like, you have a newborn baby. You know what I mean? I agree with you. I feel like as a woman, I would, you know, extend some grace. Like even though y'all might not be together anymore, y'all are going through y'all issues. I don't wanna be the reason or the issue or add confusion to whatever y'all have going on. Like, I feel like as a woman, you should give them the respect to try to figure things out. Mm. You know? But I don't wanna be involved in your figuring out your situation with your family and your kids. You know what I mean? Well, the old saying is, you gonna lose them how you got 'em. So, And that's what she said. I think that's what Mr. Tweet, you know, so I, I'm a firm believer in karma. I'm a firm believer in, you know, what you put out in the universe and therefore, You know, you playing with Fire.


And that's coming from a woman who's been married, who's been divorced, who's been in blogs, who's been in people's group chats unbeknownst to her. So it's like, you know, I get it. You know, it's, it's very, it's embarrassing. It's lonely, it's sad. It's, it's, you know, I, I look out for our, our women who are in these positions, especially when you're put out there in the public rim. But like, I couldn't be with, To be careful. I couldn't be with a man. Even me dating, Even me dating. Right. Nowt. That's not attractive to me. If a man, you have your, If a man is not involved with his children, I don't care if you have children or not. I mean, I come with the whole tribe. If I see how you moving funny with not just how you moving with the children, That's very unattractive.


But how you moving with the lady that's holding down the, your children, your Blood? It's very unattractive. It turns me off. So that's, But I mean, I feel like that shows what kind of woman he's with though. Like, it's only a certain type of woman that would be okay with that. It's a temporary fix. And I'm sure if we do some, a little research, You know, you know, it's just, it's very much giving a mo Yeah. Very much. Like this is what you, you do so well Miss Nikki baby, we hope that you keeping your head up, You know, you gotta stay strong for them babies. Yeah, yeah. You know, we know relationships are hard yourself. So, girl, I'm about to, I need some more of them clothes. 'cause Miss Nicky had them clothes. She did. She had the clothes. I ordered a a few little birthday outfits.


Girl, get back. Get stay on your ground. I ain't gonna say get back. Stay on your grind. Yeah. Yeah. You got this. You amazing mother, amazing woman. Yes. And move. You can move on And people come and go. Okay. Yes. And, and let 'em go. Yeah. Y'all, y'all be together forever just because y'all have the children. But other than that, let 'em go. You don't want that.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than just a house. It's your home. The place that's filled with memories. The early days of figuring it out to the later years of still figuring it out for the place you've put down. Roots Trust, Amika Home Insurance. Amica Empathy is our best policy


During tax season. Your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLocks US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms. Apply


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities. Enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Never Adam might. Alright guys. So All Star was amazing. We've been doing so much traveling and we're not finished yet this weekend. We are headed to Lago. Hey, I'm really excited. This is my first time going to Africa. I'm going to the mother this first time going Africa. Yes. It's my first time. Really? I'm gonna Africa. Congratulations. No, I didn't that Yes girl, I'm so excited. Like y'all know I've been talking about how most of my following is from Africa. Yes. I don't know what came in the comment. Y'all be speaking in French and some other languages. I don't know what y'all be saying, but I we have a lot of African, it's a lot of African followers.


Yes. I appreciate y'all. And I'm coming to see y'all finally Shout out to Africa. Turn Up. We gonna have fun. We gonna ball out. We Dance. Y'all gotta come out to the clubs. Me and Cheryl are gonna be hosting a few nightclubs out there. We're gonna post it on our pages so y'all can come and find us and come say hello. Come hang out. Come have a drink. Okay. I can't wait. Yes. Oh, I can't wait. I might, That's gonna be nice. You might what? Find you a man out. No, no, no, no. You get, There's a lot of Energy going on your No, I was gonna say, I might learn how to dance. Okay. They do have some vibe. I need you to find an African Great music. We love the Afro Afrobeats.


And I do hear the fellows out there are like Y'all. Y'all see me pull. They don't whine and dine. Yes. They love the wine and dine. I heard that the African princes out there be dropping bands. Y'all see me pull up in a roll. Ro Rolls Royce. Yes. Mind your business. No, Just come pick me up. Come pick me up. All right. Don't leave me out. Alright. I'm joking. I'm joking. I love that for y'all anyways. But I know you gotta be careful 'cause I heard they, they be having like five wives and stuff. You okay with that? I'm not getting married. Okay. But if you go there now or ever, if you find an African prince, he going, he's gonna wanna make you his wife. You would say no. No. You Just Say I would, she would Be number four. He's promising you the world and love what is the world and happiness.


You can't say No you, you can't promise me happiness with five wives. Okay, so you're saying you don't believe in, what is it poly, Is it Polygamy? Polygamy. That's not considered poly. That's Different. It's not Polygamy. Well, there is different because they feel like care because a woman can't do nothing care of, if they can take care of a woman and the the household and if you can afford it, yeah. Then you can just have it. It's just very much that's their Polygamy. Right? No Polygamy is when they all date. I Don't know the correct Term. Everybody can date. Oh, okay. Well whatever they call it. You saying you not okay with? Oh no. Okay. Polyamorous. Yeah, polyamorous Glamorous. Really? No, I'm not okay with polyamorous.


Well, damn, You like monogamy. I Love monogamy. What about you? You would go down there and get you an African print? Absolutely not. I am not shareable. Me either. Oh, Well, if me and Jill don't work out, just not, I don't mind dating and being take That damn hat off. I'm Not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. Tuesday and Friday I'll be okay. No, I'm not. Tuesday only Friday. I don't need to see him Every day. I'm fine with that. Gimme a good Tuesday, Thursday situation. You know what I'm saying? I be okay with that. I'm lo I have been approached to be in a, in a polyamorous situation.


I have a friend of mine, The African Prince. No, he wasn't. This is The only kind we want though. He don't want the Kind, but like, we don't want The he To be in that relationship. He does. Oh, Okay. He does. But so Why you saying now you wasn't even go try it out about That life. My, I like my pH balance the way it needs to be. Period. Okay. I'm just saying. It's just not for me. I, it's just not for me. I feel like I'm more than enough woman and I don't like to share, I don't like to watch. I don't wanna be a part of that. I think it's a lot of extraness going on and really ego, you Know, I never seen, I don't even know how it, how it works a polyamorous. It's about communication.


Like that's what was told to me. Like, no, that's not, you have the two main like, you know, the two main two that are like, okay, this is what I feel and say. Maybe the lady was like, you know what, I kind of go both ways or like ladies or like a guy. But I'm gonna tell you everything that I do with the main partner. Meaning like, okay, if I have a, a lady friend, a girlfriend or whatever, we are hanging out. Well if I say, hey, we're going away for the week or whatever, it's very much understood. It's all about communication. Yeah. So it's almost, to me it's like a open relationship. Like, you know how most of us, oh, what Some of us, what what they said I had me and Chad and I had, Yeah.


So, But it's, it's open, open dialogue. I feel like the main two are the main ones that are like saying what they wanna do, what they don't wanna do. But even like the guy, for example, he's attracted to me and was very much like, you know, she's cool with that. If I'm like, yo, Lex, let's, let's, let's dip, you know, for whatever. So I'm too territorial. Not, I can't, A Lot of that. I can't share a man. I can't, like if I can't Hear, I think a lot of women are open to it now. And I think they are because, well, I don't know why they are, but I will say I just saw a show Harlem, the new season of Harlem. I, that was a, it's Good. Okay. So you know the, the character.


So the six episodes, like the characters, what's his name? Sophie? No, Kofi. Cofi. Siri Bow. He's fine as hell. He nice little chocolate. Yeah, he fine. That's him right there. But on his character on the show is ethically non-monogamous. Like that's the term that they call it always term. But in real life, I guess he is too. He says that he's ethically non-monogamous in real life. So, So he don't have serious relationships. He's just, I think He is, he has had serious relationships in the past. But he's saying it becomes really redundant. Very much traditional, very much like, matter of fact, this is the schedule. He says it's restrictive. It's Restrictive. But see, I respect people who can keep it real. Yeah.


Like communicate with me, me or a woman that can keep it real. Hey, I cannot be mono Because most of us are in probably relationships and we don't And don't even know it. Okay. Don't Even know it Until You find out. Okay. So what he said is monogamy is restricting role playing and performative. And everybody else said, it's always the fine ones That wanna be saying That. But he's just being honest. He can't commit to one woman. And, and, and I feel like women re people respect you more when you keep it real than trying to play this role. Like, oh, I can be faithful or I can be with you and you really can't. So think It's not really a commitment thing. I think He can be, don't wanna be in a relationship. I think he can be committed.


I think that's the the thing that's the difference. He can be committed. I just think he feels like he can be in love with more than one person at, at the same time. That's what, but you can control the emotion. You can control because you're communicating what you feel. And I mean, but If you're committed to one person and you're committed, you're not in love with multiple people because you're not giving yourself to Saying, I share, you're not giving the opportunity to, to love Other women. Well, on the show he was saying that he was explaining to his love interest on the show that each person plays a different role in his life. Like some, like one of the women was able to be more available because she didn't have a lot of commitment.


She didn't have any like a girl job or a career girl. Yeah. Whereas the other lady, she had a career, she had things going on. So she served a different purpose. More of the emotional. And so I guess, you know, he feels like he could do both. He can separate it because they're all serving different purposes in his life. Well, to each his own. Yeah. Well I feel like the more women are Like, see, I feel like Except this type of stuff, the more it's going to Come about. No, but men can't accept it when a woman does it. They can't. I agree with that. I Don't think some, they wanna lay all these rules out. But when a woman, woman is like, okay, you do this for me.


I want a man to do this for me. I want a man to sexually satisfy me. Because you can't. But you're financially sat satis you financially satisfy me. I wanna make say So. Would y'all try it just to try it? Try it. Y'all wouldn't try to like be in this type of situation? No, because I mean, with you're date, if you're dating multiple people, Technically you're dating, You can date, but you don't have to have sex. Whatever you And you can date and really not say you are in a relationship either. You could be dating somebody. Yeah. It's okay to date. That means we're not together. We are not all the way locked In. I'm trying to get one of y'all to try it so we can see. I'm trying that. Why you trying Get one of not to try it? It might be some of other friends Y'all try know.


No, I'm not. I'm not. Well we go, I'm finding you an African prince period. Ashley, this is a goal of mine. Not Goal. My goodness. Ashley. I'm finding her an African prince, not an African prince. I want, I'm, we finna go to Africa at least once a month. Okay. Oh. Oh, Once a month. Yeah. I think once a month is good. I'll get in on the next trip. I'll get on the next one. Yeah. You Supposed to be on this one. I'll find you one next time. But it was, you know, it's my birthday's coming up. I know All I Need. Lex ditched us because she has other Plans. Pay me in Chanel and Birkin bags. Okay. Oh, period. I got you. Thank you. I got you. Because y know y'all know I'm the matchmaker. What's her name? You are you really good at that? Yeah. What's it Chloe's out there? Chloe. Oh, With Burna boy.


Yes. Her and boys Burna. Real cute. They are cute. They're super cute. Yeah. I think it's great. We'll see how long that lasts. You Don't think it's gonna last long as I think it's cute. I don't know. It's weird to me. Like it's cute, but it's weird. It's like, Like we don't need to know about it. I feel like the fact that we are like watching it, it's different. It's weird. I don't know. We need to be seeing like all the stuff That we like, they just be chilling. But it's, I don't know. It's a little weird for me. I am not gonna, I I think it's cute, but it's still a little strange. It's cute. I think It's cute for now Maybe. 'cause I see her as like a little girl still. Yeah. In my head. She's still like a little girl. She, She, yeah. And Burn Boy is grown man. Yeah, that's grown man. Sexy Grown man. Yeah, Exactly.


Berna, we coming On next Week is available. No, I am not. Chloe and Burner are going See, just sign over there wants something. I to see something. Why is Ashley speaking for me? She wants to see something. Okay. I'm not trying to see Nothing. Hilarious. Yes. Anyways. I love Chloe. I'm trying to say on Chloe, good Side. Oh yeah. We're not gonna do anything. We are just saying Hello Alexis. Just Saying hi. Don't mind me. Don't mind me. Hey. But I'm excited. I'm excited for Africa. I'm excited. We're gonna have a good time. And I'm also excited before we leave, we are giving away $2,500.


Hey. Yes. Yes. Friday. We're going live. Should We go live? We should go live. Because that's the big, that's that's a lot of money. First of all, it a lot. And I want, I wanna see the person's face when they get the money. Like I wanna see their, But they don't know. How would they know? How are we gonna do? So we'll tell everyone. We gotta tell them They gotta go live. And then we're gonna because you the person on the live. Oh yes. Oh, that's good. That's A good one. But it, it's been so many submissions, guys. Oh listen, We're Like drowning in the Now we are pulling the top ones and then we're gonna let someone every Invite All of them. We've been looking them up on the Better Business Bureau. Okay. We been looking And all sure you guys are subscribed. You have to be subscribed to us.


You have to be subscribed. And you can't be hating either talking about you let me in girl and all that. That mean if we giving away money, They're really hating. I saw those Comments. No, I, you know what I think it is? I think people, you just gotta look at it like people only see what they see. Of course. So if they really get to know, like they really get to know us in real life, like face to Face. That's why I don't, I don't feed into it. 'cause you already know. Like you heard what I tell y'all all This all the time. You heard what Stony said on the Carlos King show. She was like, well, Tell us what she said. She said, for those who don't know, see When, when the cameras are not on. She's such a nice person. Oh, she's so sweet. I was like, okay, Stoney. She was like, but the cameras came on, baby.


This is a job. Exactly. This Is a job. And Stoney be all of my dms liking every single thing I post. I get hard eyes. The likes, I mean, on every single post. So, I mean, can't be that mean, but Stoney know what mean Stoney rock with us in real life. She knows. She does. She know what? I just hit her up to buy one of her pussy Paw Patrol t-shirts. The PPP. The ppp. The ppp. I'm gonna get one Tamisha for We gotta bring Stoney on the podcast. I've been trying to y So I asked her to come on the podcast. Where you Asking? She said I have to talk to her people. Shut Up. She did. She said I need to contact Renee if I wanna get her on the podcast.


If I wanna get her on Humble Baddies. Renee, would you mind, oh, could you check Stone's schedule and see if we could have Stoney Grace our stage here at Humble Baddies Please? Can we get on? Can can Donnie pencil us in? Please? You Gotta go through my assistant to the assistant Assistant. Have an assistant. This is crazy, honey. They showing out. It never a du moment. World tours up in here. Yeah. Well, okay. I just sit back and listen and don't judge. Well, As long as y'all watch the show and talk about it, it's all good. You know, everyone make sure y'all support us. At the end of the day. It's all love. Like I said before, like yeah, we have our differences.


You know, we had our But who doesn't? Yeah, who doesn't? We didn't know each other coming in. There were things said, and we talked about it as women. Of course everything wasn't captured on camera. But at the end of the day, we still support each other. We all do. That's Right. Absolutely. I think, you know, it's tv. Y'all don't forget it's freaking tv. Yeah. And I'm gonna add to That. It's Entertainment. I'm gonna add to that. It is, we are a part of a, a small circle of the sorority of women who've made it on to a big stage in a big platform. So regardless of what our indifferences are, we are all blessed that we were actually chosen to be a part of this movement. And here we are. So, and don't nobody wanna watch somebody being filmed.


That's boring. Yeah, of course. You're gonna have to amp it up a little bit. Everyone's talking about it. Y'all keep talking about it. Y'all in your feelings. Rell mean girls mean girls. Yeah. Y'all two. They they really are. Really not. Yeah, We definitely gotta be the mean girls for Halloween. Oh yes, for sure. We gotta pick, we gotta pick Up, we we got the whole mean girl party. What's her name? Regina George. Oh, I need to dress like that. Where Gina George? It's going down. Yeah, She was the mean girl. Mean girls. Oh, from the, from the the movie. The play in the movie? Yeah. Okay. All right. I can't wait. I love it. All right y'all guess what time it is? What Time is it? What time is it? What time Is real Red Flags?


All right. You need to get some green flags in your life. But come on with the red flags. I need To get The green flag. Yeah. Come on with the red flags. Well we going to determine if it's a red flag, a green flag or haul ass. I like hauling ass a lot. Yeah, That shit I was supposed to say I prefer to haul as Tall ass. You just Don't. I don't got time for that. Yeah, Get on outta here. Okay. Your partner refuses to post you on social media, but it's always liking and comment, commenting on thirst traps. Red flag or green flag. Red flag. Yeah, for sure. It's definitely a red flag. 'cause why you so thirsty to let them know that you like them? Like, 'cause I know you're a man and I know you like what you see, but they don't need to know that you like it.


Like what are you doing? So they can be like, you just want Attention. Ooh Girl, yo come in all up in my Exactly. I can't stand That ammunition. I feel like also even my babies in their teens are telling me what that like means that like, is that extra like nudge, like suck. You know what I mean? Attention. Especially if they like more than a couple. Yeah. Yeah. You can't be liking no other females picture. Yeah. Your significant other stills pays their ex's phone bill because they just want to help them out. Uhuh, we the mo the the coins. Oh, we fighting you. Our coins are money on somebody else. The ex. Oh, those are fighting words.


I'm fighting. I'm hauling ass but I'm knocking his ass out first period. Okay. You gotta Think about That one. Only because if it's the ex I'm thinking of if you, you don't know the arrangements before. You know what he feels like he was gonna help out with or told them. But the phone, No, the phone, that's Not a necessary. You Can't, it's a a certain amount of money that goes towards, Okay, I Get your phone. A phone Bill. I mean it Could be just because Be a family plan. I don't know. I mean, I paid my phone bill. Cut that. It ain't no family no more. Cut the bitch off, off Calling Verizon. Better go get on that Obama plan.


Exactly. What's the Obama phone? They still got the Obama phone. You better go get you a metro. I know they A cricket of healthcare. I don't know. They better go Get you a They had phones too. Phone from the gas station. She said by minutes. Yes, by Minutes. You had a certain amount of minutes. No Obama phone. Yeah. Your friend borrows money from you. But when you ask for it back, they get defensive or make excuses. I'm not hauling ass because You gotta get the money back. We Just won't get it back. Yeah. I need my coins back. Get your coins back and just don't loan any Money. I'm going over to her house and I'm getting so outta there for collateral. Yeah. That's The thing. I hate to ask for money. If you borrow money from me, I hate to ask for it, but I shouldn't have to.


You shouldn't have to ask for money back that you borrow. I feel like if you already gonna come up to someone who can provide the coins to help you out, the least you can do is not only be early, but definitely be on time. Like come on. Yes. We have to, we have to give our coins back to those who can distribute. Yep. Ooh, you catch your friend flirting with your partner and when you call them out, they say, that's just how I joke. I feel like that's just how I joke, Period. I feel like there's always, I don't know why I'm so aggressive tonight. Truth In a joke. There's always some kind of truth in a joke.


It's so if you, you got the the energy to like put that out there and say it and think it's funny and get a reaction out of it, then there's some truth to it. Yeah. And that's not your friend flirting with somebody else's man. Exactly. Why is she flirting with somebody else's Man? No, It's never that serious. It's actually way too many other ones out here by the way. Yeah. Gross. I'm saying Your significant other gets super jealous if you even mention a coworker of the opposite sex. But swears they're just friendly with their own coworkers. Red flag or green flag, That's a red flag. These is all red flags. You ain't got no green flags. You ain't got no yellow flags. That's a red flag because I'm hauling ass and red flagging all of these.


Ain't no green flag. That's crazy. Yeah, no Green flags. That's toxic. I still got that in my head. The fans sent these. The fans sent these. Y'all ain't send no green flags. You know, it's a lot of toxic shit going on in the world these days. People act like they ain't got no home training. People act like they ain't got no manners. Just like common, common decency. The bar is low Is not common anymore. The bar Is low at. Mm. Well that is it for real red flags. Yes. Okay. We want some green flags. Y'all make sure y'all sending some green flags so we can talk about it. Yeah, we need some green flags. Absolute. 'cause We need to teach people how to act.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Every day our world gets a little more connected but a little further apart. But then there are moments that remind us to be more human. Thank you for calling Amica Insurance. Hey, I was just in an accident. Don't worry, we'll get you taken care Of. At Amica, we understand that looking out for each other isn't new or groundbreaking. It's human amica. Empathy is our best policy.


Residents at BrightView Senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


This is Rashaan McDonald from Moneymaking Conversations Masterclass. Running the business is a lot right orders to place, expenses to track, procurement to manage. It feels like there are never enough hours in the day. We could always use more time. That's where Amazon Business comes in. They offer smart buying solutions to help you make the most of yours. Like spin visibility, a cloud-based system to attract your buying patterns So you can optimize your savings and bulk buying. So you can continue to save costs on select products with quantity discounts. Now that's smart. Amazon business handles the heavy lifting So you can finally focus on growing your business instead of drowning in admin. From customized recommendations to real time spend, tracking and delivery options tailored to your schedule. They've got your back every step of the way. Why not spend less time sweating the small stuff and more time crushing your goals. Or maybe even sneaking this well earned downtime. Discover more about smart business buying@amazonbusiness.com. A business prime membership is required to access spend visibility.


So what do y'all think of another segment? Guys, we have humble batty Mail Takeover. Okay, I love a good takeover. You know? Ooh, that sounded a little sexual. So do y'all want me to read them and then y'all, we can have dialogue. What do y'all, what y'all thinking? Yes. Yes. Let's do it. Okay. Okay. Hey Humble Baddies. Hey, I need your advice. I just found out my best friend's husband has been cheating on her with my coworker. Ooh. Do I tell her? Or risk ruining our friendship or stay quiet in mind. My business help. That's your best friend. That's your best friend. You gotta tell her yes and run up on him. That shouldn't be no question.


And the girl and Girl, yes. This a coworker. Why am I taking up for you? And that's your man. Like you are my best friend. I'm gonna let you know sis, it ain't right. Yes. You have to say something. How could you not? How could you live with yourself? How could you keep something like that in that would just having that on my chest would just eat me up. Yeah. And it's just an unstable work environment to say the least. Just not cool. It's a's a tough place to be in. It is. But Sometimes you just gotta do what you gotta do. All right, we have another one. Hey humble daddy. Hey, I've been casually dating this guy for a few months, but I just found out he's also dating one of my close friends.


Neither of them knows. I know. Do I confront them or keep playing the game? So he, she's dating him, Which is a key word by the way, dating. And he's also dating her close friend And she's right in the middle of it. Knowing that each of them, she knows that they're dating each other but they don't know that they are dating him. It sound like she came in after This is too much. Yeah, I don't want nothing to do with that. I'm glad I Married child. This is a lot. I think dating is dating, you know, Dating is be tricky. Dating tricky. But when it comes to like my friends or any of that, I don't want nothing to do with that.


Like, I can't agree. I can't. I agree. I can't even entertain that shit. I agree with you. Just, it makes me feel uncomfortable. I I can't do it because you Want the best for your friends. Yeah. You want them to be happy. Especially if you know their dating history. I feel like it has to be dialogue and communication For sure. But what If you really like him, you just found out. And what if Someone is like, yo, I like, like one of the girlfriends, like The best friend. Best friend. It's, if it's a close friend, you gonna know. Not necessarily because some people keep it secret, right? Not if it's your close friend. All my close friends, if they know every, my best friend knows everything, so I'm not gonna hide who I'm dating from her.


I agree with that. I feel like our friends do know who we're Dating. It does say close friend. It says close friend. Okay. But what if it didn't say close friend? What if it was just like a girl ance? You know, ance. Yeah. Then that's different. Like if, if I think that's different too. It's acquaintance and I don't talk to you every day. Then There's no strings attached. There's no emotional attachment. That's totally different. Okay. Well alright. That could be tough. That could be a tough one. It's different because it's like, I don't know you like that, but I see you. Hey bye. And I just found out we're dating. Of course I'm gonna say something to him like what? You know, 'cause I don't want no beef. I ain't trying to Of course. Like what, what y'all got going on? Yes. I'm gonna clear it. Clear it. Yeah. You just wanna, you just wanna know what's up. Yeah. Here we go. There's another one.


Ladies, I need help. What you need help with girl Or guys. My husband's female best friend calls him every day. Even late at night. He says it's harmless, but I'm not buying it. Am I being insecure or should I need some boundaries? Boundaries. What? Yeah, the boundaries should have been in place before. Yeah. A long, yeah, The boundaries time ago. I agree with boundaries For sure. So, and You have to communicate with with how you feel. But to me, if she feels okay with that kind of behavior, she ain't a good best friend and it ain't right. She won. So I would won what, what She has at this point.


I would, I would have to that that friendship might have to be deaded. 'cause it's like you should know and we should know each other enough for you to know that I wouldn't be okay with that. Yeah, yeah. You know, it's like a respect thing. Yeah. At this point I would be like, nah, she gotta go. Okay. Yeah. Re you agree? I agree. Like it should have been, boundaries should have been set. Like as a, that's, that's not just a girlfriend mandatory. That's her husband. Yeah. Yeah. Like you have to respect, this is my husband. You can't call it anytime you want To. No. Boundaries have to be set early. And I feel like it's Also communication and if you set, if the boundaries ain't set, I'm gonna set 'em for your Yeah, you Have to. And he should tell her, bitch, don't be calling my phone.


It's late. Yeah. This is late. This is not appropriate. So If it were to me, it, I realize that she keep calling late at night, then it is beyond the issue. It and I got a problem with both of y'all. It is, it is. Because you ain't check her. Correct. And she feel like it's okay. So very comfortable. Uhuh, I'm, it's all wrong at this point. What's up baddies? My boyfriend accidentally called me by his ex's name during sex. He swears it was a slipup, but now I'm spiraling. Am I overreacting or is this a red flag? Just, Just call him by somebody else name and see what you do. Oh, ooh. Just be like, Ooh, Derek. I Keith. And then see. Okay.


See how that feel. Ooh. Yeah. That's what I would do. Shit. I would feel some kind of way. I would feel way too. What gonna do way? You gonna break up with him? No, you not gonna break up with him. So I would just, okay. In Mid stroke That's, Or whoever, I would just call out some random as and now he now kind of my head. You gonna be in your head too. We just gonna poke me in our head. Man. Overthinking this Now. And it was his ex X two. Oh. It's like a take the knife and twist it, twist again. That's not good. I don't know how, I know How it Would react. That would you, would you? But what would you, you wouldn't leave him though, would you?


You calling me your ex. Well, during sex, the way I feel Like if you ain't go leave, Then you just gotta get him back The moment of intimacy. So call y'all. He slips up. Ah, where's your mind? Because you know, that's what he Thinks. Layers To this mess up his mind back. Dang. That's what he's thinking about though. I should go t for tack. Yeah. At this point. And I think I'm thinking like Sherelle, like, is that where your mind is? Is that what you're thinking? Is that who you're thinking about Now? You you got my head fucked up. 'cause it's like, yeah, now I'm a think now that's where it's like, I say she's in the bed say in security, but it's like, damn. Like, do you really like me? Am I just the get over? Mm. Because you thinking of your ex while we fuck. No. Yeah. That's a, It's a lot.


Well The humble bat email is just, is just up right now. Okay. I feel real petty tonight. You do? Yeah. You do. You do. You petty coming off A valentine's. Coming off a great weekend. Real. She said no time for none of this. I'm get back. Listen, look. Humble. Batty ha has came in hot y'all. Yes. Yes. If y'all have any more humble bat's meal, we Have more. We still have more. Oh shit. It's a takeover. Yeah, It's a, it is a takeover. Okay. Look. So relax. Okay. It It's stress. A me out over here. Don't Get stressed out. Oh, would would you say little warm? Don't get stressed out. I, it ain't warm. It's just like, Ooh. This is what the, the, the people wanna know. They're asking us for their advice. Okay. So, I mean, this is what happened guys.


They, they're, they're subscribing. They are emailing us. Don't take a rocket scientist. And here we Are. So they wanna know. Y'all may or may not wanna take my advice, But there is someone who does. And then there's some that well Just, y'all give great advice. You have good Advice. I'm a little young saying No, I don't give great advice 'cause I retaliate. I wanna be petty, petty boots. I'm like, can we just all get along petty boots? Can we all just get along? Can we figure this out? All right ladies, we have, we have a, a couple more. Hey baddies. I just found out my girlfriend has a secret FTA where she talks shit about our relationship.


What should I confront her or just ghost her and let her figure it out? Wait, like girlfriend, like boyfriend girlfriend or like girlfriend. Like this is my friend and this is my Home girl. Yeah. I found out my girlfriend has a secret. Fanta. They're, anyways, this is from a humble daddy or Z That's weird. That's who sent this in asking. She talk about it in like a way, like she's trying to get advice because I could see that like doesn't want put her business out. She's talking. Oh, she's talking shit. It's a secret FTA account. So you took the time to add another layer of your Instagram already. Shit On social media. She's talking about your own Relationship. To talk shit about your own relationship.


That's a little weird. Yeah, I think so. I think you should just haul ass. I think something is up with that Haul ass. Because why is she, first of all, so ghost. You Ghost? Why is she making a secret or talk shit about her own relationship? It's 100% shady to me. That's weird. She wants to talk shit. I could see if she was trying to get like, under cover too. I could see if she was trying to get like relationship advice. 'cause You know, you don't wanna put your business out there. Maybe she needed help or had a question. You could just be like, Hey guys, me and my boot. You know you It's talking shit though. Well, if she's talking shit, yeah, you should holler. I Laugh. And it's about their relationships. So obviously if he found it out about the Finsta and he found out that like it's very, you know, it's coinciding with their issues.


That's a, that's a issue. Yeah. I think that's You. They're conflict weird. Y'all got feta. I do not, don't what you see is what you get. I'm from, show Me. I I ain't got time for no offense. Yeah. Ex. Exactly. E exactly. If you're Consumed with that, you're gonna listen. You going, you gonna hear what I gotta say from my own page? Yeah. I ain't got time to make no fake page. I ain't got time to do any of that. Y'all going Get it. You see me too? Straight from Shere Rosato under the score period. Same here. Same here. Okay. Okay. We do have one more. Okay, Let's go. This Is the last one. Okay. Let make you good. All right. Okay. So here's the tea. Oh, there's tea on this one. All right. My friend is about to marry a guy who hooked up with me years ago.


She has no idea. Ooh. Should I tell her before the wedding or take the secret to the grave Girl, take That shit to heaven or hail wherever you gonna end up. Really? Yes. You would tell her Why? That's none of her business. Why? For what you mean? 'cause he hasn't said anything. Yeah. For what? Why do, why do you need, why does she need to Know that information? I feel should I feel like it should have been disclosed earlier? Earlier at the beginning of the relationship? It's too deep. If you haven't, it's too deep in they're about to get married. If it wasn't disclosed in the beginning, don't Think nobody needs to know anything unless it's like my best, best friend If Okay, But there has been a lot of people that who have dated.


I'm trying to see if she's going to the wedding. This is tricky. Like if she's close enough to be at their wedding, then she should have told previous, She said, my friend is about to marry. So she's seen the dynamic of the meeting. Yeah, She should have been said something. She's seen the progression of the relationship. She's seen the engagement. She's seen the intention. She's seen. It's too late now. I don't think she should say anything. Really? Yeah. It's Too late. Yeah. She gotta take that to hell. She should have been said something. You don't wait too. Right? Yeah. They should have been, it's disclosed that She gonna to hell and she needs to take it With even straight hell. Even when straight to the pit. Even before that he engaged something should have been disclosed. But now it's to the seriously they did not talk about it doesn't make sense because now if you're late now coming to address it, then you're starting crap.


Yeah. Because you should have been addressed. So is a difference if it's a hookup compared to like a little something deeper? 'cause it just said hookup, They probably just had sex. It's not that either Way. It still should have been told earlier. Earlier. Like especially if you've met the friends. Yeah. And You're like, Hmm. And if she tells her now, she ain't shit. 'cause Yeah, because now You it's gonna stir up. They Gonna stay together and now it's gonna cause confusion between y'all two. Yeah. So you She gotta take that shit to hell, Huh? Would y'all wanna know? I think I wouldn't know if my friend hooked up with someone because I, I just feel like we have that relationship. Yeah. If it's someone that I'm close with and I feel like y'all are getting close, I would say something like, I just want you to know this happened.


There's nothing like this anymore. I agree just outta respect. But if it's not anything serious, I'm Not disclosing. I feel like I would want to know, like I rather know truly I would wanna know, but then I would probably not be interested in him anymore once he, once she tells me. But you may be interested, but a lot of times people cut off the, the woman, like the women cut off the, it should both. Yeah, that's what I understand. Should be like, it's be gonna ruin their friendship. They're still, her and the man gonna still be together, but it's just gonna ruin their friendship because now it's, it's bringing insecurities, like questioning, oh, what you gonna do if I'm not around or, or I don't trust y'all around each other. Right. So it's like it should have been disclosed in the beginning. If it if hundred Percent Should been disclosed, if disclosed, then just let it be.


Mm. I don't know. I don't know. That's tricky. I think I would wanna know, But why? Because if we're in the room together, I just know me like, But I'm saying if I'm, I'm very Giving Why would you wanna know at, at that moment right before wanna Wedding? I would know at some, I would hope both Before you Married earlier. You wanna know? I would, I would've loved, I would've loved to know before. Yeah, before. But you don't wanna, I wouldn't wanna know right after you Make The plan before I'm about to get married, Like walk down the aisle. I wouldn't wanna know right before I'm about to get married. Yeah. I think it should have been both of them saying something. Yeah. Yeah. She gotta go to hell take that to hell with her. Damn Karma's a bitch.


All right. But is it really karma though? Well, because if what they just, they had a little fling before they ever got together it, and I agree what you're saying. This is how, Which is even more of a reason why she should have just been up front like, okay. That's how I feel, Ashley. Yeah. You know, it wasn't that this serious, but we had a little thing and then boom, that's what it done. The fact that you didn't say anything then would make me feel like, oh, you are a hater. It was something y'all Yeah. And you saying it right before the wedding then it, it just makes it look like you're a hater. I get You. Yeah, I understand. Okay. That was a juicy last one guys. That was it. Yeah. That was humble Baby takeover. We had, we must had a lot coming in that stress me Out with that. We Did. That was a little intense, wasn't It?


We have more to come you guys. This is the wrap of our Humble Betty podcast. Yes. But before we go, we want you guys to make sure you tune in on the 21st. On our live, we will be announcing a winner. In order to be a winner, you have to be subscribed to Humble Daddy's podcast on YouTube. You have to have a legit business. And we are checking those things. Yes. So make sure you have everything in place. All right guys, thank you so much for tuning in. Absolutely. We appreciate all the love and support. Always.


Please continue to to stream wax to riches on Netflix. Yes. Please keep writing to us at Humble Baddies dot com and we appreciate you and love you guys. You can find me at Ash Nicole on all social media platforms. You can find Lex where I'm only on Instagram. So Alexis Meyer And Sherelle, where can they find you? Sherelle. Risto. All right guys. We'll see you next time. Take care. Love you, you


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive. From toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate, Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now, we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and Toms of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm MO products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Paul Molo. Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Get ready for the ultimate country music getaway. Country superstar. Keith Urban is performing live on the top shelf country cruise, sailing February, 2026 aboard the luxury celebrity reflection with stops in St. Kit's in Nevis and St. Martin. Enjoy seven days of nonstop entertainment. All brought to you by signature Cruise experiences. Don't wait. Guests who join the pre-sale are already booking their state rooms and you can get in line right behind them. Visit top shelf country cruise.com to join the presale for free. No deposit required.