
Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between, because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Good news, your favorite Caribbean beaches are on sale@cheapcaribbean.com. Cheap caribbean.com is your go-to website for finding the best deals on all inclusive vacation packages. They're all about getting you more sand for your dollar. Check out their beach favorite sale to score $175. Instant savings on bookings of four nights or more to the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Aruba, and The Bahamas. Offer ends April 1st. Go to cheap caribbean.com to start saving.


Hi, I'm Matt. And I'm Leah. And we're from the Grownup Stuff Podcast In just in Time for tax season. On this week's episode, we're chatting with CPA Lisa Green Lewis about how small businesses can tackle their taxes using TurboTax business. A Forbes study mentioned that a whopping 93% of small businesses overpay their taxes, and 17% of Gen Zers believed that you could write off any expense as a business expense. So can't blame them. It's really important to do your taxes right. Listen to Grownup Stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your favorite podcasts. Grownup Stuff


At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than just a car. It's the two door coop that was there for your first drive life, the hatchback that took you cross country and back, and the minivan that tackles the weekly carpool for the cars you couldn't live without. Trust. Amica Auto Insurance. Amica Empathy is our best policy.


Content creator. Content need more content. We're back. We're back. They wanna sit in your bedroom with you while you get dressed. Y'all wanna sit in the bathroom and wash me? Wash my face. What Water do you drink? He Ended up getting another woman pregnant Outta you won when I got so you, when you, Welcome to another episode of Humble Baddies.


I am Alexis Meyer. I'm Ashley Nicole. And I am Sherell Rosado. And we and we are the Humble Baddies. Hey, we're Back. We're Back. We back. And we're just coming off of award season. We had Golden Globes. We've had the Oscars. The Oscars. Yes. And it's just all the parties. It's awards Season. Yeah. I love watching like the red carpets with the gowns and looking at all the looks and, You know, seeing what's going on. What was different this time? What do you think was different this time, Ashley? In regards? Okay, Well first of all, the girls have been catching a little heat from the aunties.


Yes, they have. Auntie Sherry said that the girls are naked. She says she don't like these outfits with the girls showing all their bodies and everything on the red carpet, which y'all think about that. Hmm. I'm all for sexiness. I'm all for body. Like positive body image. We see people, it's already hard enough being in the spotlight, let alone people criticizing every nook and cranny, every weight gain, weight loss. Oh, are you pregnant? No. Maybe I just had a couple burgers like lay off of me. Yeah. And I feel like the girls are confident. They are just exuding this confidence and we have to acknowledge that. I agree. I love it.


I mean, I'm here For it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I'm here for it. Embracing your curves. We've seen every, we seeing every the beautiful skin. We're seeing tattoos. Okay. Because one day we, everything, my question is what, how far would you go? Would you go as far as Kanye's wife, Bianca. Okay, well there, Ooh, okay, go ahead. As, as far as con, we gonna do the scale Or will we keep it, bring it back. I remember when Sierra came on with, what did she wear? I forgot what she wear, but people was criticizing her Or Rihanna. Rihanna did it back in the day too. Breonna did it. JLo Her baby with the love. Everybody's done it. I feel like we not gonna be this young and fine forever. Okay. True.


So I like that. You might as Well, You know what I'm saying? Live your life. If you're confident in your body, it's yours. Can't Nobody, listen. You know, I had me little outfit where I showed a, it was like a show In Africa And it was sexy And we was in the motherland. So I said, go ahead girl. Wear The tits out. Because we, I didn't have my tits out out. The nipples was out. It was a little pickleball. It was a little Pickle was very Cute. It was, it was little. It was classy. Yeah. It was sexy. Classy. It was Sexy. You know what I'm saying? But I just feel like, You know, it's your body. You should be confident in it. Like you go to the gym, you work out like you work hard for this body. Si It's like, show it off if you want to.


Yeah. And and not only that, we are at a certain age too. Again, where you working hard, we're maintaining, we're also public figures and we just wanna be ourselves. And I think it's, people look at social media as, I like what she's wearing. I like how she did that. We have similar body types or, okay, But what do you guys, all of that's have girls, what do you say to your daughters? Like, what do you say to the other women who are like, your daughters are looking up to you and like, would you want your daughter to wear this? And like, what if a man is looking at your daughter wearing, like, what do you say to that? Well, first of all, my daughters are different age demographic. First of all, I'm 42 years young.


So like, there's maturity in that. There's also a sense of safety too, where I'm, it's probably fashion forward and y'all know that I'm pretty conservative for the most part. But y'all know, y'all seen them pictures on the gram and the, and the bikinis. I'm Real sexy. Lexi be popping out. Come, come On now. And I'm proud of that. I'm proud of my curves. I'm proud of really my imperfections. And so y'all gonna see it in a tasteful matter, but also very artistic and sexy. So my daughters, for example, they do, they dress for their age group. I can say that. Confident with that. They're not, They're not Instagram. Yeah. And they're confident that they know that Mom, you're fly, you're dope.


Like Yeah. In a, I'm in a swimming suit. I'm, there's a beach in the background. Exactly. It is not like I'm walking down the Street. I agree in whatever. I think there's a way to do it. And I feel like if you're on a red carpet with, You know, they, you're supposed to be here, you're supposed to make a statement. Yes. It's supposed to, You know, have us talking about it. Exactly. That's the whole point of it. Yeah. And I think that anybody who sees something wrong with it, I think it's just a bit of projection. You know what I mean? Mm. And I feel like they wanna wear it too. They just, Well, what were asking, Don't wanna Sharelle that what Bianca wore, Kanye's wife. That was just, that's way over.


That's too much. But I think it was how it happened too. The way he Kanye stood there next to her, like as if like, look at my wife, like, I want you to look at her in her body. It was strange. It was very performative. It was very like, Wait, isn't he always performative? Isn't he always like, pick the women that he wants as a muse that people are gonna talk about, that people are gonna see and they want low key. I feel like he wants people to, but I think he wants all the men and all the women to be envious of who he chose. A ego thing. Like a kind Of stick thing's weird. I don't know. The way he did it to me is I don't like it. That's why I said it has to be in a, a way of, it was like forceful. Right.


It has to be, it has to come from like a confidence place to come from. Right. If She was doing it before Kanye, she wasn't doing this before Kanye. So it's like he basically brainwashed or Forced. And also we don't hear from her. We don't hear like, she doesn't, does she talk, have y'all heard her talk before? Does She? I haven't. She Doesn't have a voice. So it's like, now we just see this woman, she's naked and he's standing there fully clothed. And it's just like, what is this? This is all we know of her. It's like, we don't know. We haven't heard anything from her. Her. And we're like, is this What you, we've seen her whole Coie cat. You know what I mean? So it gives off a different message. Yeah. Whereas these other women that we're talking about, these other beautiful women, they were talking about Megan Thee stallion.


Her outfit. Outfit. Because She had the pasties. Yeah. It was a few women, Which little Kim infamously did. Yeah. Right. Which was a big deal that Diana. Diana. But these women are known to have like strong voices, strong opinions, You know, Strong followings. Strong followings. So, and they're making a statement. So I think it's different. And that's why it's important, like the context of things Too. And it goes, the red carpet's a big deal. There's been months of meeting with designers getting the right size. It's been talked about. It's been seen, it's been drawn out. It's been, You know, hands sewn. Yeah. For this particular person. For us to be sitting here having a conversation about it right now. So I feel like it did, it did Its job. I fashion also comes in waves.


And right now the wave is, You know, bearing, showing off your body, showing it off, You know? Yeah. Next year it might be something different. Right. But right now the ladies are showing up and showing out. I love it. Speaking of Oscars, let's talk about this after party with our girl, Teyana Taylor. Oh, The vanity Pop got everybody talking Rumors. The rumors with her and Erin Pierre. Erin Pierre. That's fucked up. Hey Eric. To the point. Everyone that's Mufasa, Eric P Okay. That stuck in my head. They really are in a choke hold with this. Even to the point where my girls were like, mom, can you ask Auntie TI was like, no, that's not my business.


None of Our business really not. They look so Good. They look great Breaking the internet. Okay, that's, I did see some of the comments. They were like, it's giving pr. It is giving like put together. Everything has to be pr. I like that. Yeah. Either way It don't matter. Exactly. It Looks good. It looks Great. She, they both look beautiful. Awesome. Her outfit tea is just motherfucker That comes. She never misses. She never misses. She never, and she doesn't have to Do much. No. She's very, very chill About it. It's the cut. I love it. It's the face. The face is always beat. Always The body. Yes. Love the Body. She gets to move your body like a snake.


Ma. She Can dance. She's a vibe. We Love it. She's a vibe. She's really, She's goods a humble batty. For real. She's a humble batty. Shout out to Teyana Taylor. We love you boo. We love You. We love you. See You out there breaking the internet, getting all these awards like you deserve. Everything's coming your way, babe. And we need to talk about what's coming up next. Like what we got See, because we missed some music. Got, We need to know what, What's going on. What's up, SISs Let us know. But You know, she did, she made a statement, You know, she's been very public about her relationship, her with her ex-husband and the father of her children. And really how she is maneuvering and it's, it can be lonely sometimes. So what do y'all feel about the fact that she posted this on her page as well as he did?


I feel like she has healed. She's ready to start a new journey. You know, she's ready for another relationship and she's owning it. I'm happy for her. Like, I love it. I feel like she, You know, she's over that situation. She has healed herself. She's, her career is amazing. She's, there's nothing else now I'm, it's time for me to date again. Yeah. Do you feel like it's a time and a place to have that social media post for like, You know, we're official, we're post, we're Instagram official. That's the thing. I feel like people, is it too much pressure? People take social media, like they put too much like weight on social media post. Like, just because let talk about it, post with a man, let's talk about it doesn't necessarily mean I'm with him.


Right. I agree with that. And it's whatever y'all want it to be. If what y'all think, if that's what y'all wanna think, fine. I think that's awesome. You know? Yes. I mean, I think Tiana is living her best life, I think. You know, and she should. That man is a beautiful man. And he is okay. She is. And why wouldn't I take a picture with him? I'm fine. She beautiful too. Exactly. Like, yeah, we fine. We get this picture. Yeah. I love that. I think it's beautiful. I think she's living her life. I think she's having a great time. I think she is just in a space of really just living. Yes. You know? And whatever's a comes to her, comes to her be. Yeah. I love it. Yeah. Yes. So, You know, do your thing boo. Like we see you,


It's tax season. And by now, I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers. With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Don't miss your window of opportunity. Upgrade your space now during blinds dot com's anniversary sale and save up to 50% site live Luxury Blind.com. Elevate your windows with the number one online retailer of custom window treatments. blinds.com offers hundreds of premium window treatment options. Choose from woven wood and Roman shades to blinds, motorized shades and more. All designed to fit your budget without sacrificing. Quality blinds.com brings the showroom to you. With free virtual consultations and samples delivered directly to your door fast and free. Our design experts can help schedule a professional measure and installation plus guidance for DIYers too. blinds.com has been trusted for 29 years, earning thousands of five star reviews. Shop with confidence knowing you'll get upfront pricing, no hidden fees and blinds dot com's. 100% satisfaction guarantee. But hurry, these savings won't last. Shop blinds dot com's anniversary sale happening right now for up to 50% offsite wide. Save up to 50% sitewide@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Let's be honest, most of us have a love-hate relationship with wired bras. We love the lift, but hate the digging. We love the support, but hate feeling trapped. Well Nix just changed everything with Free Flex. A wired bra actually designed to work with your body not against it. Free Flex features a revolutionary flexible wire that moves when you move bends when you bend and keeps everything exactly where you want it. No poking, no stabbing, no constant readjusting, just freedom to move. It also has a demi cup shape for a natural lift with a lower neck line that flatters in everything from V-Neck to dresses. And because it's from Nicks, it's available in sizes for every body experience. The first wired bra you'll actually want to wear all day. Visit nicks.com for 15% off your order with free flex 15. That's KNI x.com. Code free Flex 15 for 15% off knicks.com.


Good news, your favorite Caribbean beaches are on sale@cheapcaribbean.com. Cheap caribbean.com is your go-to website for finding the best deals on all inclusive vacation packages. They're all about getting you more sand for your dollar. Check out their beach favorite sale to score $175. Instant savings on bookings of four nights or more to the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Aruba, and The Bahamas. Offer ends April 1st. Go to cheap caribbean.com to start saving.


I love It. Do you feel like you are letting The world know that you're available, that you are confident by posting your boo or just posting things that you have? Or just really just anything in general. What do you, what do you all feel is how social media has impacted your relationships? And also just like your personalities. I feel like, You know, we're already in the public's eye so people want to know. And You know, we, we expose so much. It's like they're watching us every minute. So whatever we post, they're gonna develop their own opinion about it Anyway. Anyway. Whether it's good, bad or indifferent, Good, bad, ugly.


Yeah. It's all, we can't hide it. We can't sugar coat nothing because we're in the public's eye now. So when we post the good, they're gonna speak on it. When we post the bad, they're gonna speak on it. Yeah. I Think it's interesting 'cause I feel like, I feel like I do post a lot. I feel like I am transparent. Like we're on a TV show, so I feel like I'm, I am putting a lot out there. Yes. But I hear from a lot of people like, you need to post this, you need to post that. You need to, You know, show us how you do this, show us that. And I'm like, damn. Like I feel like I'm already doing a lot. And they want more for sure. Like people want more, they really want to really know. I, I think I'm stuck in like social media of like 2016 era or something. Yeah. 'cause it was like, You know, could control the narrative.


Yeah. You could really show little things here. It was literally a snapshot and it was enough. But now, no, they wanna sit in your, they're real. They wanna sit in your bedroom with you while you get dressed. They wanna sit, y'all wanna sit in the bathroom and watch me wash my face? What water Do you drink? Yeah. So I'm not there yet, but I'm trying to get there with it. You know what I'm saying? Like I feel like I'm there. Yeah. I just need to record more. Like I feel like I'm a open book. I feel You Feel like You go live a lot. Yeah. You Go live a lot. I be loving my people. She Be like, they be following me. They be asking questions. I love to interact with you. My people. You Engaged, you Are very engaging. Yeah. I'm working on like setting the camera up. I be forgetting. I'd be like, in my head I'm like, oh yeah, later I'm gonna do this.


Like, you get ready with me. Yeah. And then I get ready. I'm be like, fuck. I didn't show them what I did to get ready. Now I just, I'm ready. You know, because They be wanna know. They be, I'm a story girl. Y'all know. I prefer the story over a post. Like I need a post more and have something like there. But You the motivational queen. I, I'd rather just stories like Come catch me. Yeah. And you're Good with the past. Like you bring the you. Oh yeah. Always post you always the past picture. Let me, she'll pull up stuff from 10 years ago. Two. Yeah. Remember this time like, damn, don't post that. I was ugly back then. Yeah man. Those archives. I love a archive. The, I love a archive. I love to motivate. So I'm a story, just a quick snapshot.


'cause I don't have time to be edit. I'm just not, I just don't, The thing is, I can't need to when I'm having a good time, I don't remember to post. Like if I'm having a black, You're in the moment. I'm in the moment. I'm not like, oh, let me get my phone and da da da dah. Like, I'm really having a good time. Right? Like, I'm not thinking about my phone. But I feel like those are the moments that I need to be, y'all wanna see, You know what I'm saying? We started in that era with the social media where we before, social media where we just showed up. Yeah. Yeah. Where we would party, we would sweat out, we would dance. We would just have a good time. Yeah. Now everything is very much like I have to prove that I was here. I have to show that I was here. Yeah. And you are right. We, we turn up and the phone will be down.


So us Though, 'cause I was in Africa and I never had my phone. Like I was just having An off The grid. Good time. And I, So in Africa, they were like, y'all need to be on Snap. They were like, I hear Snap is great for marketing. Hundred percent. We have to get our Snapchats up. So y'all follow us on Snapchat because that's where we gonna be at. We gonna be posting all our exclusive content because it's just clip right on Snap. Now You just post whatever, however you feel. Follow us. My, I'm Sharelle Rosato, I'm Ash three Nicole. And let, I'm Not B. Yeah. Two B, We, we gonna set her up as soon as we get done filming. Okay. We gotta get it together.


So yes. But yeah, social media is running things like it is, you gotta stay on top of it. It's always, always evolving. And I feel like, You know, it's, it's also turned into obviously a huge business. You can get marketing deals. You can get paid by posting, which y'all know is the second and third and fifth job. It is. Yes. You know what I mean? And it be, it can become taxing, but it's beneficial to, You know, just the masses. They want to, they want you to post. They want you to show where you are. Constant content, Who you hanging with. Yeah. Constant content. Absolutely. Creative content. And just always being In the note. If I hear content one more time, Content creator. Content. We need more content. We need More content. But people getting, they're getting paid off of it.


They wanna know what drink is it that you are having in the morning that gives you this energy or this glow. Whether it be true or not, they getting a check for It. Yeah. So I see it. Do you all feel like you, how do you feel about posting your families On social media? I don't like posting my kids and they don't like it either. I'm, I'm not gonna force it on them. Serenity is at a age where she don't understand what's going on. So, but people ask about her. They're like, she's like the niece of, of social media. So French, French fry and French Fry's. The name is French Fry. We'll be in the airport. That's French fry. My goodness. She got me. I'm like, damn, my baby is famous. Everybody knows who French Fry is.


But as far as my older kids, my son, they don't like to be. Yeah. Denim has his own personality. He loves it. But my older Two, you just know that they just like don't Do it. They do their own thing. They're like, don't put me on here, mom. Yeah. Mine are the same way. Like as Deuce could care less. And then my kids, You know, she's into, Well my oldest, he's a star. He wants to be on social media. Like he is a star. He wants to be a YouTuber. He wants to be all the things of social media, media musician. And he is like, he's, he's really good. He's very talented. But I personally don't want him to be on, like, I don't mind him making videos and then like letting us post it for him.


I see. But I don't want him personally on like, posting Media own and, and looking for other content and just, It's a, it's, It's a lot going on on social media. It that's, I don't, it's, well for me it's a lot of things. It's just a lot of things that I don't want him seeing every day. Constantly. Like I, I know I can't hide him from stuff and I'm not, but trying to, To, but you not, but you control the Narrative. But I don't, yeah. I don't want him constantly seeing certain things. Yeah. Like negativity language. The Algorithm is no joke. Exactly. So yeah. If I could just protect him as long as I can, like I will. I think it's, You know, he, I agree. There's other stuff that he can be busy with and entertained with than social media. And I, and I'm not, and You know, if it was really his dream to be a YouTuber, I would definitely help him.


But there's other things that I know he's really interested in. Yes. So I try to just guide him to those things. That's, You Know what I mean? I'm a, it's so funny. So what? Look, Phil and denim, we took them to the Soho House. Their personalities are too much alike. Yeah. Yeah. So we was at the Soho House and the music was playing. We were by the pool. Phil dancing on one side, denim dancing on the other. And they stole the show. Like, it was so hilarious. Like I love that. It's crazy. Like they break it down daily, Can, You know, so at least you have the, the children entertain. I Love that. The people love them like their person. It is so crazy. They get along so great. And their personalities is like very outgoing.


They love to entertain. They do. Yeah. They do. And they will put on a Full show. A full Show. A full show. I, I grew up doing that. You know, you just wanna, you, you Enjoy, you had to go and do Your 5, 6, 7 Baby baby. Yeah. Show, show them what you got, baby. That's right. Yeah, that's right. It's like a pastime, You know. It is, it's very traditional. But now that they doing it for social media instead of for the parents, it's a little bit bigger. But they getting, they, they getting paid. They are getting, You know, getting like some of the top, You know, social media content creators are children. They're just opening up gifts and toys. That's The time wife right now. Yeah. They're making a ton of money in that. So Ryan, I know. You know, my babies, my babies love Ryan.


Well they did anyway when they were younger. Younger and Yeah, for sure. So, but I mean, I don't know. I just would love to control that situation for as long as I can. You know what I mean? Yes. Now what about significant others or booze? Like going back to how, like speculating with like T and Aaron. I know we just were talking about that. Yeah. But like what do y all think about posting your mate for social media and even us like a new, You know, us. Yeah. Us with a new boo. Yeah. Like do you feel like, when, do you feel like it's time to like maybe make it Instagram official or would you do something a little different this time? So I know that's two different questions, but let's, let's talk about it ladies.


Talk about it. You posted him or not? What? First of all, I don't have him. I know I'm trying to catch you slipping. I don't, I dunno where he at. But, You know, it was a lot because in my previous relat relationship, everyone looked up to Chad and I, Chad would post constantly. Like we stayed on social media and then it was the good right when we broke up and everything, they were posting, posting, posting. It was the bad. So I felt like, and Everybody was chiming in on y'all relationship. Every, Everybody, It was crazy. Y'all were in the blogs like every single day. Every and multiple.


I was like, your word. They really, really into this breakup. Okay. They were into the breakup. And still to this day, I, people are tagging Chad. People are tagging me. Y'all need to get back together. They said in third, it's not, not the same. Look in your relationship, we looked up to y'all, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But I feel like if I were to go again and if I ever was to get into another relationship, I probably would keep it from social media. Mm. Because of what you went through with Chad. It's just too much. I feel like it's too much pressure. I just seen actually today yandy, You know, confronting.


Oh, I did see A little another person in regards to her and men's relationship. Like, people be so invested into it And you, You know, you're gonna have your problems and you're gonna go through things, but Right. To just always, always Extra Job, extra draining. And when you, I feel like when you, when you highlight the good in your relationship, so, so much. I, I feel like it's a group over there that's like waiting for the downfall to tear it down. To tear it down. Yeah. And yeah, You know, I respect Gandy and her relationship. She's like, You know, we all go through things. Nobody, no relationship is perfect. None. Even the ones that think that, oh, You know, the people who look like y'all have a perfect relationship.


You don't know what they went through. I agree. But I respect Yandy because at the end, end of the day, she know her man isn't perfect. She's not perfect. The fact that she's like, nobody's gonna tear my family apart. Yeah. I know my husband go through things, I'm gonna still stick beside him. Yeah. I respect that. But it takes a lot for a woman to stand there and say that in the public's eye. It is a lot. Yeah. It's a lot. It is a lot. She's fighting for her marriage. She's fighting for her. They, they're All, she says, baby, ain't nobody gonna come and take, tear this family apart. I know that's right. But you get the, you read the comments and it's like, girl, you crazy.


That man outside this, that and the third. Yeah. But that's 'cause they're miserable And You know, but they're man outside too. Everyone. Exactly. They're Miserable. They're Miserable. It's, it's crazy. But that's what you have to deal with when you're in the public side. Yeah. You have everyone else's opinion. And it's already hard enough with family members. Yeah. Let alone you have outside sources that really, they speculate. It's, it's a, it's a vicious cycle. They're speculating, oh, maybe they're dating. Ooh, what's going on? And then you finally get linked to somebody, then you are in a relationship with them. Then the next thing they're like, Ooh, is it a breakup? Or Ooh, what's next? Can we get an engagement ring? Right. I mean, it's just always something where the masses are trying to manipulate.


And then you have some, the relationship, some People, men and women, their mission is not to come to that person. Their mission is, I'm gonna see how I can tear that up. Yeah, of course. Misery loves, company's awful. For sure. People are people that are really out there that's like that. Yeah. Yeah. Their mission is is to come and tear that Oh, y'all living too happy. Yeah. Let me see if I can come. Yeah. Tear some shit up. Yeah. That's messed up. People are crazy and just Nasty. I don't, I think I'm gonna be married again. And no one would even, like, I feel like y'all would know obviously, but not the people. So you would be Whole married and Won't let nobody know. Nobody not, You know, because you had a big, You know.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? My people would know the, the, the not the masses. I don't have to. And I wasn't, I had a public marriage. Ivy was like covered in vogue. It was essence, all these things. And, and spent a lot of money on the wedding. And so it was like, I get that. I already been there, done that again. I would still have a, a beautiful ceremony. I believe in marriage and all that. But like, I, it wouldn't have to be, you Have a beautiful ceremony and all that. They gonna know. Not necessarily how Allow you locking our phones up. Yeah. We like, They Gonna look at them public records. Oh, Lex son got married to such and such. I just, I mean, you just never know. It's hard to keep.


Like You can things private nowadays though, Especially when you're a pub, a big public figure. Lex. Yeah. Well, I think there are ways, I don't know, I feel like, I mean, I feel I've married, but I wanna talk. So I just feel like I, I want everybody to know who I'm with and like, first of all, I want everybody to know who I'm with because if he is doing anything crazy, like I'm gonna fucking find out. Yeah. You gonna find out. But still, it's them little people that's gonna come. That whole mission is to come. That's, It's gonna be people. It's keels. It's still gonna be people. It's still gonna be people. But I'm just saying it is easier for me to find out now.


I ain't gotta do so much to find shit out. People Find out, out what's gonna happen. Oh. I mean, in this relationship that I'm In now, no, we ain't talking about 'cause we, no, I'm talking about just put Yourself in there. Okay. Well, yeah, I mean, I just feel like in general, I would want my relationship to be public. One because like, I don't know, private, I mean, I don't know maybe. 'cause I just haven't, there's a Difference between private and secret. Private and peaceful. I feel like it's so much better because I Agree with private and peaceful. I've been, I just shout out of A, but you could be With like a low key person who's not like Girl that low key. You turn a high key and then they like, ooh, I want him, let me see.


Like What if you're, I mean, you're a public person, but what if you're with somebody who's not like a pub, a person in the public eye. So then it's not like so big. You know what I mean? You wouldn't go public with them. No. That's Why, how I feel. I just wouldn't, I don't have to be public again. I would be in public with them. What I mean public. So you happen if you see me. Yeah. You wouldn't post a picture with a friend? No, I would not. I probably would. Not ever, ever. Damn. No. I guess because I, and it's too much. It's My phone. And which y'all, there will be tons of pictures. Yeah. But for the masses it would be not be no Girl. You know, she with such and such. And I guess It's just, I don't understand 'cause I haven't been in a situation.


You haven't, you've Only been in one relationship. I understand that. But that's not, that's amazing. I mean, I love that. Yeah. Anyway. But even, but even I, but even you can get like people that are envious that they know that Phil posts you all the time And you, You know, he not really Posting me all the time, but I feel like he post, he Supportive baby support. He, he Supports you support and he comments. You know what I'm saying? He watch every home. Yeah, he does. That's what I'm saying. That's what I, Wait a minute. He the first very supportive And He watch it on the big screen. Ashley girl, look at Phil watch. I already watch it. You watching It. But people see that he's very supportive and People don't like it either. I'll be seeing people too.


What don't like it. Yeah. They try it. But it's fine. That's Why I don't wanna a public relationship because people can look at your relationship and like, mm. Lemme see if I can, I can do something. Lets And that's fine. Try it ain't I put the devil just protected by the Most. Exactly. That part. Y'all ain't going nowhere. Y'all best friends. So We ain't gonna let that happen. So Yeah. But that's a, that's a good topic, Lex. That was, that was good. Yeah. I just think, You know, social media is a big deal. And again, being public figures and on different levels, You know what I mean? We have to protect some kind of peace and privacy. Especially 'cause we are raising children. We do have businesses we like to turn up. We like to have a good time. But it's a time and a place for all of that, You know?


True. So I just feel like people also wanna know, they're curious because they don't have to live in very protected, like we do, You know, we have to be careful when we post, when we're away. So we travel for, You know, safety reasons. This Brings me to a question in these things. All my head. What about posting, like your, You know, you going out having fun, having a good time with your girls, but like your business partners follow you or like somebody you're doing business with. Like, what do you feel? Do you, do you think you should like hide them from like your stories? No. Or do you let them see? I Let them see because you're my business partner, you supposed to accept every part of me. Okay. Maybe not business partners, but like, you're Doing business with a transaction.


Yes. No, you're gonna, same thing. You're gonna see what you let them See everything. Well, yeah. I So would y'all be, who are y'all close friends and who is that for? No, my d my close Friends is different. Yeah. Close friends is different from you seeing me partying and having fun. Yeah. Because my, my biggest thing, and I teach my agents this all the time, people want to feel like they can relate. Yeah. In the real estate world, most of my clients, especially the women clients, they came to me because they either liked my style, they liked the way I operated in business. They loved something about me. It wasn't Just, it was lowkey advertisement in, in some way. It Wasn't just because I was a business woman. It was like, Ooh, you, we have the same style.


Mm. Or Ooh, I love the fact that you don A lord because I felt like I could be myself. I didn't have to be like this Type, very relatable, Like, You know, wear suit, Not Wear every day. I love that. Like, that's not me. I could be myself. I can show up and then I feel like, You know, the clients that I work with, they wanna work with me 'cause I'm me. Right. Not because I'm not, they could go find a old white man realtor if that's what they want. You know what I'm saying? You're Not hiding anything. Correct. Like people can relate. Yeah. And, and that's what I feel is the trend now. And being really, You know, on the forefront of marketing and is really just being yourself, is being authentic, is being your true self.


What is it that gets you motivated? Makes different, right. Is it working out? What's your dis I see your discipline. So I'm like, okay, she's disciplined. This is what she does. This is a routine. Or she served in the military or this understands It's, I we're lowkey. She's advertising. Yes Mom. She, she's very responsible or whatever. Y'all see that I'm in what? In culinary school. I'm creative in the dishes or whatever the case may be. It's low key. Just, You know, how Do you relate? Being authentic. Yeah. How can you relate to this person? Because I do be feeling some kind of way when the like, well my kids ain't in school no more. But like, when they was in school and like the teachers or like the principal would follow me on Instagram.


You mean the from where they used to go? Yeah. Like when school I did for a second, I was like, I don't know. It made me feel like they Love your kids. They do. They do now. But for a second I was like, oh my gosh. Like principal so and so is following me. I don't want them to see Girl because we popping. Let me tell you, the mamas, there was one mama school. Some of my, my baseball, shout out to some of my baseball. You know, My mama a school teacher and my mama be outside having fun. Yeah. They text me on the side. Hey you that Yeah. We love Miss Robert. I feel like the moms, there's a lot of moms like in the pt, the PTAs that follow me. Yeah. And they're like, I'm part of the pta. They be hitting me back. They be hitting me back.


They be like, yo, last night you got time. I was like, you sure did. Or Did? And You know, I was like, just make sure you gimme them notes because I'm definitely not gonna make it to the next meeting, this morning meeting, You know. Exactly. But You know, it's just, we living our authentic cells. And I feel like that is what is the top tier of just social media. Now who are you? And we wanna know, we wanna relate whether you're upset, where you're sad, where you're angry, where you're, You know, distressed, but you're getting over things you're overcoming. I feel like that is the au that's the wave. I definitely gotta step it up and do a little bit more of like showing like just a deeper, I feel like side the Fun Ashley, the yeah.


Okay. We see this mom, we see this wildlife. Ashley, let's see the party, the turn up the, the friends that I Feel like I, I feel I need to show lesser to turn up. You do? Yes. I feel like you have a range. I See more of wildlife, Ashley. Oh well, yeah. But that's me to my core Though though, right? Yeah. When y'all see me, that's your daytime. When y'all see me doing any, listen, Ashley was trying to go on the safari the whole time. I would've gone with you and I would've been there. It's usually outta the way, but it's worth it. Yeah. That's what I wanna do. So next time we will go, I I'll, I'll be there with you. During the historical sites and everything like that.


Let's be honest, most of us have a love-hate relationship with wired bras. We love the lift, but hate the digging. We love the support, but hate feeling trapped. Well Nix just changed everything with Reflex. A wired bra actually designed to work with your body, not against it. Reflex features a revolutionary flexible wire that moves when you move bends when you bend and keeps everything exactly where you want it. No poking, no stabbing, no constant readjusting, just freedom to move. It also has a demi cup shape for a natural lift with a lower neck line that flatters in everything from V-Neck addresses. And because it's from Nicks, it's available in sizes for every body experience. The first wired bra you'll actually want to wear all day. Visit nicks.com for 15% off your order with free flex 15. That's KI x.com code free Flex 15 for 15% off nicks.com.


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun in sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach Finder. Or find a feature to all inclusive package to re you the grill. And do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


Hi, I'm Matt. And I'm Leah. And we're from the Grownup Stuff Podcast. And just in time for tax season. On this week's episode, we're chatting with CPA Lisa Green Lewis about how small businesses can tackle their taxes using TurboTax business. A Forbes study mentioned that a whopping 93% of small businesses overpay their taxes. And 17% of Gen Zers believed that you could write off any expense as a business expense. So can't blame them. It's really important to do your taxes right. Listen to Grownup Stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than just a car or a house. It's the four wheels that get you where you're going and the four walls that welcome you home. When you combine auto and home insurance with Amica, we'll help protect it all. And the more you cover, the more you can save Amika. Empathy is our best policy.


All right, you guys, listen what we haven't gotten to it and it's been all over the blog. What, what It's a a, it's a topic that is not talked about in The world and I feel like I wanna hear the perspective from you guys as women. Anthony Edwards, top NBA player has been in the blogs in regards to having another baby. Lot's of reasons. Right. And he's saying that he does not want, he's giving up rights. He don't want any rights. You know, he gets, but he's gonna pay the money. Right? He'll pay the money, pay the child support. But he told her her Financial Responsibility. Financial responsibility.


But he don't want no physical custody, no physical custody, Nothing to do. So no visitation, none of that. Nothing. Okay. Okay. So, so What would you do? Okay, this was the situation from me reading. There was a text, text message. She hit him up. She was like, let's talk about it. I'm pregnant. He was like, basically he don't want nothing to do with it. Get rid of it. She decide to keep the baby as a woman if you were with a man. And he stated like, listen, I don't, I don't have, I I can't do that. I can't be in your child's life, in the child's life. So just get rid of it.


Like I'm focusing on me and my family. What would you do? So this is definitely, that's a tough situation. I don't know the backstory of like, You know, their, if they had a relationship, They were just aling. 'cause he's in a relationship. Oh, okay. So that is another layer. So, so it Was a one time thing like they, I think they were messing around, but he is in a serious relationship. He has Family and that's have that why He just wants to, he still wants to be financially responsible. Like here, here's the, here's some Money, but he don't wanna be in the baby life. But he's like, please do not work life. I don't need to have contact. But Before she, even when she found out she was pregnant, he was like getting an abortion As two participating parties.


You, You know, when you decided to lay down and You know, have relations, there comes that agreement. They use unprotected Sex. And of course we all know how that a baby comes. So with that being said, I feel like both parties had the decision to make, are we going forward with this or not? Obviously one said yes, I'm gonna keep the shout. And we don't know if that's her first, last only whatever the case may be, whatever her motivation is. Whereas him coming from his side already being in a relationship with children, I'm assuming, I don't know.


Yes. And also being in the spotlight and You know, just he, it's a lot of pressure on his end and, and hers too. I don't know anybody's situation, but just coming off of just stories and things like that, it has to be an agreement between the two. Because what you're deciding to do when you decide to keep a child, as we all know as parents and mothers, it starts from the time of conception. You know, our bodies start to change, especially being a woman. And our, our minds are just going off the radar And you want somebody there with you to go through this, You know, you want a partner.


But if he was like, You know what, I'm good from the jump, I feel like it's kind of on her. If she is ready to take that leap, we do have options, You know. But if she's like, You know what, I want to keep this child. I wanna, You know, endure 18 years of financial situation because per state is different. But most of the time you might as well say 18 years is the cat for financial assistance, but it's a lifetime to be a mother. So am I willing to risk all whatever, You know, money wise, mental wise, time-wise, raising this child alone minus this guy.


So what is the motivation? Did you just want him to be there, You know, for the financial gain? Or is it like, I really do wanna be a mom And that's, that's the si that's the problem that we have, especially in our community. Like for me, if I already knew the situation, Yeah. Why am I bringing another child into this world? Exactly. Like, okay, we can put place the blame on the male, but we know we know what we're doing too. As a woman, it's two things. Exactly. It's Both parties, You know, it's both parties. Yeah. So a lot of people are like, okay, Anthony, like you, what's wrong? You what's wrong? But when are you'all gonna make sure that woman take her responsibility?


And he's low key doing a great effort of saying, You know what, financially I will do X, Y, and Z. Which he said, so like, he's probably doing quote unquote more than he should since he was like, I don't want anything to do with this child. I, I know another, I'm sorry Ashley, but I know another, a situation where it was a re it was a situationship, You know, the, they slipped up, had babies, and the woman kept saying she was gonna, You know, have an abortion, get rid of 'em. She went to the appointments and she decided to keep the kids and they ended up with twins. And he, You know, he works a lot, travels a lot.


He's like, I can't do it. Like, it's a lot. I'm gonna miss out on so much. Mm. Trying to, and sometimes it, You know, when you forced to have another child, It's already bringing a little energy. It's bringing energy. And I agree. They have res like they're, you're pulling them away because they can't attach to those kids because they didn't want those kids. It's tough. Yeah. And it's like you're putting that father in a hard space. I agree with that. So I think, You know, we can have the argument about like, it's the woman's choice, but I think the woman's choice starts before conception. Like, yes, it takes two to tango, it takes two to make a baby.


But like, I think women, You know, it's our body. So we know when we're ovulating and when we're not the man he doesn't know. Correct. Right. You know what I mean? They, they, they can, they can go anytime. You know, we know what's going on with our bodies. We know like when it's that time of the month when it's not. So I feel like that's when the responsibility is on the woman. It's like, You know your body and if You know that this situation might not work out, if You know you, he was already a little shaky. Right. Yeah. He already in a relationship. Yes. So I feel like at that point, that's where I would say like the responsibility is primarily on the woman. You know what I mean? Like Yeah.


We know it's two people, but you don't have to lay down with that man knowing you ovulating. Yeah. You know what happens if You have unprotect and You know, when you ovulate. Exactly. You know what's gonna happen if you have unprotected sex. So when it gets to the point of him making the decision, like this is my decision, I feel like, You know, he can Yeah. At this point I agree. And I feel like, You know, we have to be, as women, we have to take on the responsibility of thinking of the child too. Like Right. You know, you're not married to this man, You know, you're not connected to him in any kind of way. So we have to think about, You know, the child at this moment, like, yeah, if I bring a child into this world, can I financially, what is the quality of life gonna be?


Yes. Quality of life. How is it, You know, like everything, these are the things that as women you should be thinking about when you lay down with a man. Like just With or without a man. Right. It just, it just, it just 100%. But I feel like women don't think about that there, You know, we are emotional creatures and we're laying down thinking like, oh, he loves me, we're having Sex. And then two, you never know. Even a man could be telling you and doing all the right things And you thinking he's gonna be a great father. And it ends up not being, but at the end of the day, like in this situation, You know, I really feel like the responsibility, You know, was on her like in the beginning. Yeah. You know, and I hate like putting blame on people like that, but I hope that she isn't, the situation isn't like trying to say that he's wrong for the decision that he made.


I think he's making a, the best decision he can for himself, his family. I agree. I feel like it's very adult in the situation. I agree with you. Because why bring that baby into The world knowing that he was, he's not gonna have a father, a fling baby or Yeah. You know, like that's already trauma. That's already Absolutely. So just go, I'm gonna take care of him. But You know, you need to figure out that situation. And I, and that sounds so Bad, but it sounds bad, but it does sound should, men should have a right as well. I know, I agree. Both of y'all, both parties are making dumb decisions before the baby is come, You know, coming into this world. But I do feel like men should have a decision as well, But he need to wrap it up.


Wear a condom, sir. Yeah. We still gonna hold you accountable. Okay. Anthony can't just Be out here making babies talking about Uhuh. Yeah. He said he don't wanna be the face of the NBA, You know, so he's, he's trying to, He's trying do him, Anthony Wanna be talented. He wanna live his life and he wants to And make babies. And make babies. I guess. I mean, he Not and not be the pappy. I love it. I love it. Anthony baby, you better strap it up if you, if you gonna be out here, strap it up Up. But he letting, we Can really just talk on it a little bit more before we close it up. But it's just, You know, it's, it's, it's a lot. It goes a lot of ways. He's a public figure and You know, he, He also a higher standard.


He's fake. Exactly. The the blogs are gonna Chime in, but, but now this is gonna, You can be a target. This is unfortunate for that baby. When that baby grow up, It, it's gonna know the Baby. My question is, is would she have kept the baby if it wasn't Anthony Edwards. See then there you go. Hmm. Questions that need Answers. So those are questions you ask before you respond to what we're speaking on. Would she have kept the baby if it wasn't him? Hmm, That's a great Question. What decision would you have made if it was a janitor worker And you just liked him, but he said he didn't wanna make happen. And, and I'm sure with affidavits and court records and all, whatever they, they got going on for paternity and all that, it'll come out if it does.


So anyway, She probably don't give a damn about what we talking about right now. She like, I finna get this check. And Yeah. But You know, a check can only do so much still. It's good to have a partner there, You know, to help out. All Right, you guys, tell us your thoughts on how you feel about this situation. It's a tough situation for both parties. Yeah. Until then, we got something exciting. We got humble Betty's mail time. Let's see what we got today. Who we Got today? We got somebody from Florida. What's up? Hey. Okay. Hey, Humble Baddies. Hey, It is Erica from Tallahassee. Hey Erica.


Hey. Hey Erica. Boo. And I need some serious advice. This is one of a rollercoaster. Oh, okay. And this is one's rollercoaster. Oof. Do I need to take notes? Take Notes, girl. Okay. My husband and I have been together for seven years and like any couple, we've had our ups and downs Months ago we separated for a month. Okay. And during that time, he ended up getting another woman pregnant. Ooh. At first I was devastated and ready to call it quits. But after some deep conversations in therapy, he swears it was an accident. Now I'm, I'm torn.


This man is the love of my life and I can't imagine myself with anyone else, but can I really move past this? So tell me, baddies, would you stay and fight for your marriage or is this a red flat screaming Run for the heels. Okay. Run for the heels. Tallahassee. Damn you. This is tough. Ooh. I don't know. Can you trust, can your trust be rebuilt? Or once a line is crossed, is it game over? Help me out. Well, well they Were separated. Yeah, we got that. But You, you already stroking without a condom form. I was gonna say, you definitely putting some, but they didn't know that they were gonna get back together either.


I don't know. I feel like if you go so far as to get somebody else pregnant, I feel like you was gone. Like you, you gone. And I don't know if I could, I could get over another child. You bring that a woman that's and another child. I don't think I could because that changes the whole dynamic of our marriage now. 100%. And so whatever issues we already have, I feel like it's more now is gonna be Yeah. Tom 10. Yeah, I agree. It becomes very toxic. It becomes very resentful. Exactly. And that's a hard place to heal from. It's a Lot. And then now you have a physical face. You have a child that is evidence low key of infidelity or in of evidence of stuff.


And it's only been a month. Like a month is not that long. Yeah. So imagine if like it was longer, like you would've been diving into all kind of cootie cat with no condom. Like Uhuh, That's a tough situation. I don't like it. It is. And I just feel, are you, is that how it works though? You get separated and then you can just go fuck whoever. Is that how that works? Works. It should communication. Like, You know, for separating, you supposed to take Your time when you separating, you supposed to like figure out what the issues are you, and like, yeah. Do you wanna stay? Do you wanna go like, You know, do you wanna stay? Or You know, with separation, a lot of men, and I noticed Like a free pass to go have sex with People. It's like they cope, their coping mechanism, the negative coping mechanism of them being separated, it's just going out, having a whole bunch of sex.


It's sad. I've witnessed it because being in the military, I was in the 82nd airport. No, this, I was in SOCOM at McDill Air Force Base and it, I was the only female. And I would witness some of these guys go through breakups and they would just, every night talk about, yeah, I had this chick at my house, bro. And I, You know, I screwed, screwed her, her and her. And it's just like, just going off, Off The chain. But it's not, it's not healing them. So I feel Like no, it's just temporary satisfaction. Yeah, Temporary satisfaction. And I feel like, so They just wanna just break up then don't say separate it. Because to me, separation means like, we're taking time to really fix, see if we can salvage.


It is supposed to Be that the marriage, marriage, You know, if you go off and fuck up some more than like, Just like a lot of men go through that. They just to get to that temporary fixes. Let me go screw this one. But they fall back into thinking about that person that they love. Well, Erica in Tallahassee. I don't know. I would say that's Tough baby. Go ahead and file for divorces. That's what I would say. I I, I don't think I could. It's tough. Make it work. It, it's gonna be so many issues. Like it's time to move on Erica. It's a kind, you have to, you have to both be in a, in a, A, a Healthy space to really accept that It's not giving healthy right now. It is Very hard.


That is Difficult. 'cause if she ended up pregnant by another man, He wouldn't Be, he ain't taking you Back. See that's one thing that double Baby Or that baby think about that he ain't taking you Back. Yeah. And when you decide to stay, you now bring this child in your home too, which is a constant reminder, which is also another layer. So therapy and, Ooh, that's a lot. Girl. File for divorce and yeah. Then go to therapy, move on, move on, move on. And yeah. Ooh, that was deep. Ooh. Yeah, it was. That was, that was deep. That is the end of Humble Battings podcast. Before we end this, we wanna let y'all know some exciting news. We will be now going live on YouTube.


We have live shows, so make sure y'all tune in, subscribe. Yes. We'll have live shows on YouTube. And until then, we'll see y'all Next time. See you next time. And where can they find y'all ladies? You can find me at Sherell Rosado on Instagram, my new Snapchat. Make sure y'all follow. Yeah. Sharelle Rosado. All the content is over there. I'm Ash three Nicole on Instagram and Ash. Three Nicole on Snap. And I am only on Instagram until the lady get me on Snap. And you can find me at Alexis Meyer. Make sure you guys subscribe to Humble Baddies podcast on YouTube. Follow us at Humble Baddies podcast on Instagram.


Until then, we're out. We love y'all.


Good news. Your favorite Caribbean beaches are on sale@cheapcaribbean.com. Cheap caribbean.com is your go-to website for finding the best deals on all inclusive vacation packages. They're all about getting you more sand for your dollar. Check out their beach favorite sale to score $175. Instant savings on bookings of four nights or more to the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Aruba, and The Bahamas. Offer ends April 1st. Go to cheap caribbean.com to start saving


At David's bridal. Love is in every stitch From the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more@davidsbridal.com.


You know more about the PayPal debit card than you did at the start of this podcast. You know that the PayPal debit card gives you the ability to pay everywhere. You know that you earn 5% cash back on a category of your choosing on up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. And You know that you get to pick a new category every month. Apparel for back to school groceries for the holidays. Start earning 5% cash back with the PayPal debit card today. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na, pursuant to license by MasterCard International Inc.


Clorox San Diva smells like lavender, cleans like Clorox, and feels like, Hmm. All right, that could go on for a while. Experience the long lasting freshness of Clorox Tiva now available in Clorox. Tiva lavender scented bleach. Uses directed.