
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


The NBC nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broca. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom YaMmas is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


This season Let your shoes do the Talking Designer Shoe warehouse is packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat. DSW has you covered. Find a shoe for every you from the brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance and more. Head to your DSW store or visit DSW dot com today.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Sargento cheese slices, Hellman's mayonnaise lay's, party sized chips and snacks and Triscuits. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online. For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


The volume,


Listen, the NBA finals are almost here and every play could lead up to the moment that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly, the action never lets up. And with the Draft King Sports book and official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that code Club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's Code Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and resort in Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


You talked about this recently regarding like the Y situation. You said the grass might always be greener. I love to have that conversation with you here 'cause I know t talk about that. His old teammate, You know the landscape of the NBA. You know people always talk about moving around and stuff, but some of these stars is like, you might as well just be where you at and just make it your own. Yeah man. One of the craziest things I think I did was just leaving Orlando Mm not knowing what I had until it was really gone and not seeing like when you go somewhere else you really in somebody else shit. Yeah And you Think you can come over there and take it but nah it ain't, it ain't like that. So You know, being in Orlando, I ain't realize I'm the young as hell man.


22 in the finals, You know what I'm saying? 22, 1 of the best players already MVP and all that stuff talk and I ain't know what I was doing down there, You know what I'm saying? So I just tell Giannis, man you, you are Milwaukee, that's where you going. You know what I'm saying? It ain't, it ain't going, it ain't nothing else going hit right after that. You know what I'm saying? So I just think that his best bet is to just stay put. I mean they don't, they they add pieces around him, You know what I'm saying? So it ain't the other way around. Like he don't need to go nowhere else and try to figure it out. They gonna bring whatever he and he already won. Yeah. And he already won. What? What else do he gotta do? He gonna get his, if stay he gonna get a statue.


The NA will get a statue if he stay right now the na will coach job. I swear to God. For real. He need to stay man. Like I understand wanting to leave and playing with these guys and chasing the ring, but for real like that's the one thing I don't, I don't like and I wish I didn't do it was chase after a ring. You know what I'm saying? Going to teams trying to, You know, figure it out. So I would say you gotta stay home, stay put. Nah. 'cause when you was in Orlando, I tell everybody you was the most dominant player and it was like you was joking with people like we had four, well we had four or five bigs for you. We had five, we had EI we had all these old Thomas, Josh, Powell, Bryan, Jason Collins, Jason Collins, Bryan.


Well de one of the grants with the Lord. Yeah. Yeah. We had a bunch of people. We had Al Horon. Zza. Yeah Z Chu. Yeah we had a whole squad to stop you. In my rookie year. Y'all beat us by like 40 or a game. But our second year You say every y'all did in the playoffs. Y'all beat us by like 40 with Gilbert then, right? Nah, that we beat y'all with Gil. Yeah, but yo first year I think y'all had du Oh y'all did? Yeah, we had like the biggest marginal victory and like NBA history against y'all. Y'all like Woody was the coach. We was getting our SB then the next year we played y'all, we was like, we gonna let the white score 50 in the first game. You had like 36 in the first quarter, like in the first half. And I'm like, hey man, this nigga might really score 50 y'all.


They like, nah, it's cool, it's cool. We got, we gotta eliminate the threes. But I was just telling people how dominant you were. Like it was crazy you couldn't get a layup. Like I used to shoot floaters at the top of the rack board and he would be just laughing like, don't come back here. Don't go let him go, let him go. Hey let him go. I'd be like, man, what the fuck Jamir and them just let you go to the basket. He'll block it. It was a Chico some fun. It was fun as hell man. Like and I think people took me laughing and joking. Yeah. As not taking the game serious. Yeah. But I, I practiced so hard. I worked so hard out, You know, outside of the games before the game started that by the time we got playing I'm like man, this is fun. Going out there dominating, dunking, blocking shots, doing all that I'm doing.


This is fun. 'cause I done put in all the hard work. So yeah, now it's really a show that's, that's how I'm taking it. Like man I'm finna put on a show. We got all these fans. They ain't never seen me play live. I'm finna go crazy. I'm finna block a shot, smile, talk some trash to the, You know it ain't, it didn't, I didn't mean no harm by it is just, I just had so much passion about playing. Nah, you was Dominic bro. I'm always give you your flyers on that. That shit was crazy. Yeah, I think Gilbert had brought it up on the pod when they played Atlanta. His stats was like crazy. Like 40. Like 40 10 only played against Atlanta. Yeah, 35 whatever. Oh yeah, it is like he had something against us. That's what I was about to ask you. I did being from Atlanta, what, what was it?


Yes I did. I did one. I was mad 'cause I wanted to play in Atlanta, You know what I'm saying? So I was like man they ain't even I I'm from Atlanta, they could have drafted me. But then it was just like I wanted to beat the hawks. 'cause every game I saw somebody that I knew from growing up talking trash and they cheering for the hawks. I was like man, I gotta, and the Hawks like had like five bigs too. Nah, I wanted to destroy every single big like that was my whole mission. Yeah. That didn't have a chance dominate. Nah, they ain't no chance. Ain't have no chance. So that was y'all whole game playing to let me score. Yeah. That second time we played, we beat y'all my second year. The first year y'all blew us out but my second year they was like, let Dwight kill and you was killing shit.


But nobody else was really scoring like that. 'cause we was just staying at home and you was just playing one-on-one. It was killing. Well I don't know. We figured it out. Jamal had a big serious, I was a smart ass game player. That's what it was. For real. Because I'm like man, I can keep cooking. But then my teammates wasn't as involved as playing five. Yeah that wasn't good. When you played with Atlanta, you, you wasn't on that team, right? Nope. I left the year he came. Yeah. Yeah. That would've been five. Yeah. Nah, what the, did you hit the weight room when you got to the league? Because what kind of plan I did Was you on I did. I was skinny. Yeah, I couldn't, I tried to lift weights before I got to the league. My, my regiment before I got to the league was, I was waking up, it was every day in high school was waking up four hill, going to the track, then the, the weight room, then the gym.


But I couldn't gain no weight. None of that stuff happened. Then when I got to the league, I started doing Olympic lifting with our trainer in Orlando. And I would say after the first, the first year is what hit me. I started playing against the, the guys that was big and strong and I was like man, I'm not gonna get pushed around no more. So I just started lifting and eating weights. Then I got too big. Whoa. I got too big. That's why I asked. Yeah I start, I went and got a weight room at my house every day I'm doing the bench press trying to get my bench right. I'm like man I gotta get close to 500 in the bench. Was trying to get my bench right Nigga you bitching 500, I trying to get 500.


I'm like shoulder. Yeah my, the bench press we was trying to, we was doing thousand pushups every day. Ain't got no wonder then nigga because I'm like they shot the white with that shit strongest shit. It was like two 20 or something in high school. And then high school I was 180 what? 180 5. Then I got up to two 20. Yeah, 2 24. Yeah. And then when I got to the league they got me all the way up to 2 65, 2 70. That's crazy. That's crazy bro. Ask that. And that's crazy 'cause like they always compare like you and y in situation like when y'all first came into the league and did like a couple years, I could see that. Yeah y'all, y'all became fucking monster. I could see that. I could see that I, I think that he was, he is a like Dwight Howard with that could play with handles and You know being able to go full court and all that stuff.


In my era they wasn't allow the bigs to do that. And he had just came in at the right time where he could play one-on-one as a five full court, bring the ball down. I remember playing in Orlando, the coaches telling every time I dribble the ball he'd tell them to come take it. Don't dribble. So that's the only, only thing I could do is the hunt, the jump hooks and dunk the ball. That's crazy. And the Orlando team, we always give y'all credit and y'all flowers because y'all were early. Y'all set the trim like that. Especially in this era. Yeah. Y'all would've dominated with the threes, the, the keep the floor space with the threes. Come on man. He even talked to Blue as the def facto point guard at six nine.


Ryan Anderson shooting Ryan Anderson shooting threes like crazy. Nobody talk about how Jamir played man. But Jamir was called All star. It was cold man. It was cold. His, the way he shot the ball, it was underrated. I don't think people really talked about him. I think after he hurt his shoulder that year. But then having the two OG point guards skipped to my Lou and Anthony Johnson. Aj Yeah. Called him. No Nick. That's crazy. Anthony, no, Nick Johnson. That was my dog. He was one of my favorite point guards. And every time in a game when he got in trouble he would just be like Dwight and throw the ball up for a live.


I'd be like, dog, just anytime you get in trouble just throw that bitch up to the rim. I'll go get it. Hell don't talk about that team too. Like you said Jamir Nelson was doing this thing for sure. Skip to my little hooping. Like he just hooped like it was n one. Like he y team bro game didn't, how was that playing with him bro? Man that was so much fun. He is one of my all time favorites because I used to watch, I grew up watching N one. Yeah. Yeah. So like seeing him on N one and then actually being on this team, I'm like yo, this is sick. Yo. Like this is really skip to my loop. All facts. He was one of the coldest man. But Heto was one of my craziest teammates. It was cold and coldest. Six 10 can shoot anywhere on the floor post up.


He got handles. I think the NBA back then was such a, like I, I can't, I don't want to hate on the guys now that's playing. But I feel like we was our era. Like that era was really nice. It was a good, it was a good time. I mean I think it was a lot of cold people and we, I think like the best players to who was in that era. Like all of y'all are like Hall of Famers. Just think about the names of the, the era you talking about the dirt and the whiskeys, the kgs, the Tim Duncans, you got Lamar Meyer, you got LeBron, you got all Melo. This this the era that we had. Yeah. Like that was like Right. It was all like Hall of Famers.


It was probably one of the coldest eras of basket. And the basketball back then was so hard because now the floor is spaced out. So you getting all these points. Yeah. But back then everybody boxes their elbows. Yeah. It's hard to score. It's hard to get 20 points a game in that league. But then like 10 people, it was only 10 people scoring 20 points. So you see how cold the league was back then? Yeah. Yeah. And you talk about the spacing. There wasn't no spacing. They had traditional power forwards and traditional fives. Yes. So, and they wasn't shooting threes none until they got 'em when they started putting Rashard Lewis or Ryan Anderson out there Rash. Yeah. Rashard Lewis was one of the first, I think it was Rashard, Rasheed Lewis too. 'cause we, we, we kind of got that from the Pistons.


Mm. So Detroit beat us two years in a row in the playoffs. When I first got into the league said Rasheed Lewis. Rasheed Wallace. Yeah. Rasheed Wallace. That's why I meant to say Rasheed Wallace. Yeah. Rash. I said rash Deebo out. But no Rasheed Wallace I would say how Rasheed Wallace and, and Ben Wallace and then the guys they had on their team. Yeah. They kind of gave us the, the blueprint of what we needed to do to be successful. Like I needed to change my mentality to, to be a beast in the paint. So watching and playing against guys like Ben Wallace, Jason Maxie, Rasheed Wallace, Jason Max, shit, Antonio D.


This is all on the Pistons team. So that team right there, the league can blame them for me wanting to get in the weight room and wanting to like go after people because for two years straight they bullied us man. Damn. They bullied us and and we couldn't beat 'em in the playoffs our regular season. Damn. Nah that was crazy bro. Shout piss team. Jason Maxil and Ben Wildes are crazy funk work. And I saying people forgetting about Rashe Wallace. Yo people forget how strong Antonio mc was. He was, was strong as shit too. And he had bows. Nigga got the nuggets was getting buckets. Yeah he was cold. He was cold. But Jason Maxfield was, what's he like six six short Jason Short mag six three with a, with a eight foot three span.


Yeah. Nigga long as hell. Long as all looking like a ninja turtle, dark silver boy for the youngest who don't know y'all talking about what's my name? Isaiah up in Detroit. Nah, Jason Max was original chasing back facts. Y'all see that video him chasing the dude in China. China bro. He was trying to kill that man. Boy would've killed that man. Killed that man would've killed the boy. Overseas basketball get different for sure man. Yeah they yo oh god man it was sometimes over there. I wanted to scrap why you can fight fighting. They would've canceled, threw a guy over there. Me What? Remember the guy that you threw? Nah, don't story.


He just talking shit. Yeah. This one here. Yeah TikTok find. But in China we did get into Taiwan. We got into a, my team got into a fight. I got kicked outta the game. I ain't even fight. Damn. I was on the bench. That was the one time I, I actually did do nothing to deserve a tech. Hmm. So it was pretty, it was pretty intense. Intense. Gotta get, we gotta get you overseas man. Me. Yeah. Ah it's probably old for me. 10 days. 10 days. 10 days. I do 10 days. How about say TAT 10 days? Man, 10 days got, I started a league over in, in Asia a couple years ago after my first year in Taiwan.


And reason being is a lot of guys who've played in the NBA are tried to make it to the NBA once they don't make it or something like that. They usually tend to just be like, fuck it. You know what I'm saying? Go down the rabbit hole of why they ain't played or whatever And You know, I really wanted to give a lot of guys opportunities to hoop across the water. The international game, the international love, international money is all out there and I feel like sometimes, You know, we just put ourselves in a box. If we don't make it here then that's the end all be all. So we started to lead three years ago and it's been booming man. We got Boogie played Bookie came, played in it pulled up.


Quinn Cook came and played. We got a guy seven foot seven that was playing in the league for a couple years now. But we got about eight, nine teams. The league is where? Where your boy at? From Boston. That was on the pod. Big Todd. Nick came where? Where was Taco Falls? Taco, taco Fall. He was about to come after he son to come. He was about to come after and play over there. He went to mainland China. Okay. Who played? But shout to Taco. Shout out to Taco man. I remember watching him at UCF. He and UCF stand for you can't finish. He was at the right school. He could not finish in the I bro ain Taco supposed to be Duke.


They got cheated. They did. No, I love Taco Man for real. Just to see his real progress. Like he came into the league, he was not that as skilled as he is now. He done got so much better and he do, I know he's seven foot five, six, but he dunking on niggas like he ain't playing around. So shout out to Taco man Taco. It's always funny like you see like NBA players outside of the NBA because we always talk about like the, the Mitchell Robinson highlights. I about him not hitting free throws, but he pulling up for transition threes in the summer. Taco Funk got a crazy summer mix up. He out there putting patto niggas and shit. That's in, damn I gotta check this shit out. It's different. I think it's different in the league sometimes you get, they give you a role or like man you playing against really the BEST OF the best.


Like so defense going to be on point, guys is gonna be really ready to lock you down, whatever it may be. When you go overseas or something like that, you get the green light. You trying anything you gonna look like Mi Mitchell Robinson, he got the green light when you out there playing in the park or whatever he's at. So shoot, I do the same thing for sure. At what point in your career did you like figure out like you was the one in the NBA? Like when did you feel like all right, I can start taking over and leading my team? I would say my damn third year, third fourth year. Then we went to the finals and then going, I would say going to the Olympics too. Man there's so many different situations playing on Olympic teams.


Starting on Olympic team. That's, I'm like man I'm one of these guys, You know I'm, I'm here with Kobe, LeBron, Jason, Kidd, Melo, You know I'm starting with these guys. And the league was just so crazy back then just to be mentioned with Kobe and Bron. You know he in MVP talks? Yeah he ruined the commercial. The they folks had that finals. Come on. I know Adidas love you for that. Boy you fucked up a hole. Nike. Nike? Yeah. Oh you talk about the, oh man they had the puppets and shit. Come on. I made my own puppet. Hell I still got him at the cri Since you brought up MVP, I know that Derrick Rose what you said you he was, he was number two that year.


Yeah, Derrick Rose. Rose got it. So everybody in the comments like, man you wasn't getting that shit over D Rose, what y'all think? Nah, you wasn't getting that shit. All hell to the White House bro. Nah d what? What, what happened that year? Why, why he, why he should got it bro. He had that Bulls team rocking bro. It was number one And you had to go, you had to go tore. Yeah. Yeah he fucked. They had a whole, they had, they had Boozer, they had a good team. They had a good squad. It wasn't just you did too. Nah, it was just him. It was not him. Nah man, Lou Aldean, when he got hurt, Boozer they good, they good players. But it was all 'cause of pool though. Like pool made the engine like he was the engine. If they had him bro it wasn't even close and he had the city cracking.


I think that that goes to the effect too. His effect of being at the crib and pulling the bulls back up like that. Yeah, after money. That's the same thing with the magic bro. We did the same thing. Nah, I ain't saying you did. No, no, no you did. You did your, you did your big one bro. But that, that atmosphere was shit was crazy bro. In Chicago. Yeah, just a imagine a better market. He was just exciting. He was a small guard bro. And they like bro said bro they was number one bro in the league. It was, that's, that's good that y'all said that. So Shay or or Yoic this year. This year It gotta be Shay you asked them. Yeah it it Shay's gonna win. Got yo is the mvp. Shay got win. He win yo year. Gotta win. He ever had but last year Shay gotta win.


They told Shay that he has to do more. Yes and he should got MVP last year. He shoulda the best record in the league. He shoulda last year. He has to get it. We know the Joker is the best player in the league. Nobody going argue that. Yeah but this is SGP the first big to average of triple double though that shit bro. He's one of the coldest. Nah, he's one of the best centers of all time. It's no question. Fuck. But SG gotta get the a VP bro. They, they out pocket figure he gonna win MVP. He got to but D Rose that year bro. Like people had to link up to beat him. Yeah, LeBron had to go. He still one beating the magic. Who they went to these accomplished funnels When they got hurt? When he got hurt though? They, they still was number one like the next year. I think that's Nah nah hell nah.


I think that that's when Jimmy Butler had, he probably his with Jordan left the Bulls. They weren't number one in the east though. Still Top in the top in the east. They was still top team solid. I mean 'cause Nate Robinson them was hooping that year and shit. But they wasn't the same bro. I mean take you off the Orlando major NA they ass too. Not ass, but they would Dave, my team was cold. Man, if you don't play though, like my, if you don't play, who was y'all? Backup center go Gort. He was good too. He was a great backup. Shout out to Marcine man. Yeah, he was good too. Him and Ja was fucking shit up for a minute. They had a crazy pick man. That little what they call that pick and roll nigga or a TA screen that shit. Yeah, he got his own screen name. That's, that's cold now. Yeah, to be in the league and have a a a screen or whatever name after you.


That's pretty tough. Yeah, he, he was close line niggas on the screen. You Think you should have got the MVP over D Rose? I'm gonna be, yeah, I mean I can't say that I, I thought that was my year. I thought that was my year. I mean obviously, You know, I ain't gonna never hit on, on D Rose because that's my dog. He's met with Adidas. You know that's when we first started, You know, kicking it a little bit. Yeah, but he, I was like dang, I thought that was my year bro. I thought that was our year. Yeah, You know what's crazy? I think, and this obviously is a crazy hypothetical to me, if you did that in Atlanta, they would've gave you the VPI think the city affected. He had obviously he played Phenomen but the way that he brought that city up and that support behind him was so crazy.


Yeah they was definitely like undeniable because that was a basketball city that Ms. Jordan. They just like, oh we got the next one. He from here, he our savior type shit. And I, it didn't killing either. So what was the biggest snub MVP snub to y'all? It gotta be, it gotta be Steve. I was gonna say that. I think that too. I was gonna say that. Yeah. That's tough. That is, yeah, that's a tough question. I had to think about the biggest snub. Shaq could have got one of me. Shaq could, I was gonna say the Shaq and the Kobe one. Yeah. Shaq or Kobe should have got them MVPs. But Shaq should have won there year. You go say every year. Damn close early two thousands bro. Every year. You should've won in the early two thousands. Yeah. For him to only have one is out of pocket and Kobe only got one bro.


Why you think, why you only think he got one? I, I don't know bro. Because it's bullshit because yo is about to have four and but he he really killed the playoffs though. Yeah. Was he killing the regular season he killed bro. I mean the documentary said he was coasting until it was time to kill. Yeah, he killed in the playoffs though. He was still Shaq, he gonna get 25 and 10. I mean, which I know who I am though bro. Shaq? Yeah, because I mean shit, they don't give you the MVP till what? Damn near the final shit. But it's for the season though. It's they what is the actual rules though? It, 'cause it seemed like every year switch up. Thank you Dwight. I no shit. It's supposed to be bri season announcing the post-season but everybody feels way so we be like all right if the MVP losing in the first round, he might not get MVP mean.


They need to switch all that up. Yeah and the qualifications of it just, I think it should be the who the most important player on the team. Like if we take this shit off the team, how good would this team be realistically? I think that's how the MVP should be. I mean but that's every team though. Nah bro. That mean everybody gonna have diner MVP candidate. Nah, not really. If your team is like top five, but I'm saying like yo Joker, how you say this name? Joker. Joker? Yeah. One take him off the team bro. They, they me it bro. But you take, if you take Jason Tatum off the Celtics, they go, you take Jalen Brunson off the Knicks? Yeah, they it's playoffs the hell. Nah, nah, it's quiet. What you said it's curtains for him?


Yeah, camp no disrespect to campaign camp. Pass the point guard for the Knicks right now. They they, they out to campaign the strongest left-hand though. Yeah, he's so lefthanded. He is crazy. That shoot from his ankle yesterday. He does yesterday when Jalen got fouled out. Who over? Yeah bro, it's, it is, I Think you gotta, I Think you should at least be maybe top three C because I mean y'all not gonna get nobody MVP that's averaging 30 in United seventh seat. Yeah, I mean yo won it one year. That was like the six, it was like the six they gave MVP to players. That team wasn't top five. It rarely happened. But I mean the way that he dominated was undeniable too at that time period. Because I think KG could have got it a couple, a couple more times too bro.


In Minnesota. Yeah. KG used to kill in Minnesota. They just wasn't winning. He got it. He got it at the time he needed to get it. They just wasn't winning bro. Pizza just really hard to come by. I hell because you played with Brian. He played with Kobe. Like what was the difference between them two like Kobe, Kobe's a asshole. Not saying he is an asshole to me. I'm just saying like his personality, like he, he a asshole. Like he don't give a fuck. Yeah bro. Give a fuck. He, he won't. He want everybody to like him. He won't to joke around. Laugh, have a good time. I just think they two, two ends of the spectrum when it comes to their personalities and on the court.


Kobe's just trying to get 50. He's trying to kill who you think bro. Who you think was better? Shit, scoring wise you gotta go with Kobe. Mm How though? And LeBron got the most points in league history because he played for the longest and he getting dunks and layoffs. I'm talking about score. It scoring. It is scoring. But I'm saying like as far as getting buckets, like shit all the way around, all the around be how will be get buckets if you can't stop me, get to the basket. He listen. See don't fall into that Dwight. I'm just saying. Nah, I I I think Brian the best. I think Brian the best scorer all time bro. Brian is the best scorer. He's saying in different spots though.


Kobe could get to it better than Brian. I I ain't gotta get to that spot. I just run you over. Yeah, you you can't really, 'cause Kareem had the most points before he had the best score and I think Ka. Yeah Kareem. Kareem. I still would think I'm always going with Kareem 'cause I think he got the one shot. I used to tell them Kareem to goat 'cause he got the one shot and nobody could stop and he had 30,000 points. Shoot doing twos. He ain't shooting no threes. That's, that is crazy. He had no threes shot from the three though. He what? He was, he was shooting shot from the, he did play 28 years. Yeah but he's still doing two points to get 30,000. That is a lot of And he's the greatest high. Well he did, he got the most high school and college accolades, all that stuff.


Yeah. His career is insane. Yeah, his career. Crazy. What I'm saying like what I take bro, you, you would take bro 'cause it just, nah, I just watch basketball and I'm like yeah I would take Bro Kareem is literally one and done. Who stopping Kareem. What I'm saying? You would never see that ever again. Oh yeah, he stopped. He's no more Kareem, your dad did not have you in the hood hook shots like ka thousand times. I was doing hook shots on my own. That's one of my favorite shots. Yeah, but you, you, you never let, you never, you never did the shit. You don't even get my highlights. Mom was running hooks. I did all running hooks. You did not throwing your leg in the air wasn't I was doing jungle nigga drop stamp bang.


You did not say I wanna put like Kare bar. No I didn't. Hell nah. No I don't say nobody said that. Yeah there's said, he said he made the shot 'cause they banned Dunking. Right. I wanna know how he will because the goals, the the, the goals probably wasn't as strong to, to handle people dunking like that. Yeah. Than they are now. So I can understand that. 'cause when I was in high school and I that's not even that long ago we couldn't dunk in warmups. We still still can't, you still can't do that. Nah yo. That's a real rule. Yeah because you break the goals and stuff like that say Yeah we know in Jersey they let y'all in Jersey y'all do anything man. Yeah. Ain't the rules in Jersey man.


We don't think they about to add the shock clock. Y'all don't have a shot clock. What that in Georgia? I don't even remember. Remember what D for 24 seconds. Facts. What was that? The what Was that the game plan though in high school? Let's get this to Yeah he had answered the question bro. Bro. Kobe right. Damn man. Yeah I tried to let him get, I was trying Dwight with everything, everything combined. You gotta give it to LeBron. Okay. Bat scoring wise.


I gotta say I like Kobe. If it's late in the game, I'm giving the ball to Kobe respect. I'm not gonna give the ball to the LeBron late in the game. I'm gonna give it to Kobe, I'll take it. But LeBron got, he got it. I'll take that. That is funny as hell. That LeBron don like get considered as a scorer. He got the most buckets ever. We, we understand how but that's crazy. I never understood it. LeBron 25 every year bro. I have the most buckets ever bro. Yeah he don't have LeBron ka, he don't have a Kareem stat line LeBron score all over the floor. I mean of course you get majority inside. So does Laur have a bag? I'm bigger, I'm stronger, I'm faster. I don't need that. Does he have a bag? I don't need a bag. Don't let get don't have a bag. We don't don't, he don't do moves.


He don't. Nah first of all don't disrespect one of the best moves Basketballer. That's one. It's no way I'm letting this man look at his hand and the ball and hit. Every time he do, he look right at his hand and look at them and go back. That's the part that's I know saying that's how I know he the goat, when he was younger he used to get rid, disrespectful and spin the ball in his hands And Ja I'm like Brian is so fucking disrespectful because we know you're not passing bro. Y'all think y'all might got Brian fucked up bro got a bag bro. Not a comedy bag but he got a bag. He ain't got no bag. He got he do bro because his passing is, it goes into that too. I mean he could pass like a motherfucker, he could pass like crazy any kinda would he talking about his bag like that's part of my bag.


That part he not handler Miami bro. Was there 300 bro, I don't need a bag bro. Get out my way or you gonna die bro. Facts, facts, facts. He don't even know bad. I haven't seen Brian 2020 swing pull up. I mean he a, he he nice. He can do that. He but he his, he ain't got handles like that. So you say he better than Jordan. Come on now. Let's doing a podcast today. Yeah, I I think he better than he better than Jordan. Yeah. In what? Shooting Everything. Oh. It ain't nothing he can't do that Mike. I dunno about shooting shit. Mike ain't shoot threes. Mike had a crazy mirror. Mike shoot threes Elite fade away. Yeah but well he can't do that. Mike did For real.


I wanna hear y'all answer besides the final stuff. But I feel like me, I feel like LeBron played better players in the finals and had to go to some tougher roles. Like oh we shit, they got Detroit man shout to z. Shout to I Mike didn't play Detroit in the finals. He had to get through Detroit. Yeah. Yeah but he had to play what the RS scenes. That was older Magic. That Finny Sun scene wasn't Magic was Magic was old. Magic was all his way out. They played the Sonics, they played the sun. Simple Sonics no disrespected G but he curry Kevin Durant Blazer. Nah, you just said y'all got the best era. Yeah we do got the best era. Okay, that's Brian era bro. Yeah I played KC the one I won, I played three Hall of Famers in James Hart and Westbrook and kd.


He had to get through KG and them and I had to, I had to get through Boston. Yep. Had to get through through Boston. The Spur was historically good. Spurs got five Hall of Famers. Yep. And and that goes to say team is one of the best teams in NBA history. NBA history. And then who LeBron played against players. No disrespect to Mike but he played John Stockton and Carl Malone. That was cold though bro. They are but that duo shout to that duo is not better than no other duo that we just named. That my LeBron played in the finals. He taking, I don't know Freaky Carl bro was Stockton and Carl Malone. Y'all taking him over. Tim Dunkin Freaky De and Parker freaky car. Thoughy is crazy. Wow.


Yeah I won't stay out that one. You can I stay outta that. Shout out to Freaky K. He was, he was a Think you Think you Think you Dun and John stock That though got the most Why not? I'm not, not. Nah, I'm, I'm taking Tim Duncan all day. All facts. He's better. Yeah I'm just bro me, I'm taking Tim and our defensive aspect too. Yeah I'm taking got this argument. Who better Tim Duncan or kg? Tim Duncan. Tim Duncan. No disrespect to KG 'cause I, Tim Duncan had a better career. Nah, I'm taking kg the reason why bro, what y'all want me to do bro? I got San Antonio. That's not, I got San, I got San Antonio Lit. Yeah. Who the fuck wanna go San Antonio if he was more of a selfish player the stats would've been more open too.


I got Rashed over Tim Duncan. Mm. Yeah. I'm not mad. He he must get you buckets. Yeah he must rash Y must but You know a ride rash. All Rashed was cold man. He was cold. Dwight hit the white room. That type shit respect him rash. He already did strike against him but ain't no way. Hell he think he better Tim Duck. What? It ain't no way. Hell come on. Y'all gotta crazy y'all can't do that because Rashid didn't have those Comp Rashed was more of a team. He ain't really care about having he kind of stuff rash Now think I think Tim, Tim Duncan is the most team friendly nigga I ever seen in my life. And Tim Dunk won even him with his paychecks. 50 games probably.


What you mean years took to be on those Spur teams? Yeah because on the back end he was getting paid. Oh of course he still could probably getting paid but I'm just saying it looked like it looked good. Yeah. Look at Jaylen Brunon. Y'all think he just took a L Ons? Nah he gonna have real estate in New York. Yeah for sure. I'm sure there's some backdoor shit that going do. So y y'all taking. Okay so KG or Rashid? I got Kg, I got, I'm gonna take Kg but Tim Duncan over all them. You can't miss it with either one of them. Those are all three. Probably the top five ticket was the first one to me to do what he did. The NB you gonna take that jazz team over the Spurs team Tim Duncan, BLE and I don't even like Utah. I don't like none of that because they said Mike played a better team.


Not huh and respect to by Russell. But Geno is cooking him for sure. Yeah. Oh what? Yeah that's what I'm saying. Russell. Yeah bro. LeBron, LeBron played better teams. He did Bro. Mano was that nigga I shot the Greg Ultra tag but it's like I think it would've been well no was we can't even say, we can't even say LeBron did play against better teams. He did bro. I give him that playing against K. You gotta go through kd Russ and James Har all I gotta do is beat Charles bark. Kevin Johnson, that's KD and Steph. Stephan Curry, Draymond Green. But that's, we just looking at it from the paper like we not actually some of these guys may not didn't have a name like the the Kgs and all them but they was cold back then.


They was cold defense and all that. They, they all took a old seven Cs team which after World can't remember who was on that team. The finals bro. Facts, he don't remember go crazy. I renewable DJ stop helping my fault he got his fingers out. Count I renewable. No defense disrespect. Nah. Who else is on that team? What's the ball head point guard. See well you gotta do that. It's cool bro. We ain't got that much time. Williams who? Williams. What's his first name nigga? Start with a M. Yeah Mo Williams. I don't think Mo even know that. Nah. Oh he wasn't. That was E Snow. Yeah, Eric Snow. Oh Eric Snow. That's Abe. That's the one of the strongest point guards in the history.


Start saying nigga one this nigga another question about his life. He lying nigga when you guys don't saying what a nigga was the strongest ever nigga You know you that ain't no nah hell nah. Who was on that team? That's what I'm saying bro. Oh Anderson Veja. He was, he was on the team and the tall What's Theus? GSKi team? LeBron was what? 2122 Freak. They had a five team. Freaky Gibb was there, he was there. Two guard the point guard Gibb. Come on bro. Y'all, y'all tripping talking about Booby. Yeah think about when LeBron left. No disrespect to Booby Gibson but what happened? Yep Bro. No not even to the team. The city died


So we all made mistakes. Right but on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree. Cool Rush is deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admit it, they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments but that's weird. Okay, one judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates. Fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh that's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At Least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all One trip he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh and he stumbles. Oh right into the kitchen without missing a beat Jim. Now that's a man who eat his protein packed ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos stronger makes everything better.


Yeah, it don't mean nothing. I think a lot of people too just be wanting that. Wanting to play the smoke though that's cool too. But what's really the smoke? Like you drop all the way to you fly all the way to California, you play a team and got some holdbacks. Y'all fourth grade, they fifth grade they had hold backs or whatever. They beat y'all by 30. Your kids come home like man we sad as fuck. Yeah I agree. But I used to, I never understood that. I used to be like now it's super bad 'cause they got YouTube and they looking at the number one ranked fifth grader nation. It is just like, bro, he might even be the hundredth by the time he's in sixth grade bro. But he got a clip right now on YouTube short and it's cracking. So now we gonna tap in. I remember all them little kids when they was little.


Man, what's the dude Brad and them used to always talk about him man, he he ended up, he was from Houston bro. Bryce Griggs. Oh yeah, I think that was his name. I remember Bryce. He ended up gonna OTE. Yeah bro. They used to talk about this kid so much bro. Yeah. And no shit. No, no s smart on his name. I don't know what his journey in basketball was. Yeah. And like man he the best seventh grader I ever seen. I was like bro I was like he was really good. Yeah. I'm like but Whoopty fucking dude bro. Yeah he 13. I'm like bro I seen kids, Marcus whole team in sixth grade was doing reverse dunks in sixth grade. I never seen, I seen Marcus who after they got to ninth grade, 10th grade, I never seen none of nobody else on his team bro.


Yeah, true. I'm like where where the hell all them dudes that was dunking when they was 11, they ain't who no more. One of 'em was on the block. I'm like look at him. I remember you used to get dunk in sixth grade but a lot of these kids bro got single mama. So they seeing they kid get this notoriety and these coaches just You know, talking to him different. He could be this, he could be that. You kind of lose track that they just kids and they got so much more to go. Like I understand both sides of it. I don't Yeah you right. But I don't bro from a standpoint who don't because you, because You know though bro from a mother who don't know and shit. It is obvious though. If you keep the main thing, the main thing like everybody know you. If you hear LeBron tell you keep the main thing the main thing nigga You know nobody else in the world need to tell you nothing.


Like true. He he been there every road. You talking about single mom, all that stuff. If LeBron telling you hey keep basketball the main thing, don't worry about the other stuff. Like what we talking about. Yeah And even if you like that's LeBron. He's anomaly cool. But if you look at every other NBA player, especially like with the one oh my guy Brad Beal, that's legendary video. We have a lot of those players saying hey this is all bullshit. Now you got people talking about the NIL. Stop selling your high school dreams already for a check and you could fuck it up before you get to college. Take your time, get to college and then worry about that. Like you said, keep the main thing, the main thing going to worry about playing. Like I give you the vibes like shout out to like aj, the bands and all them.


It's only so many of them. Like some of y'all are going, this is my biggest thing. You gotta be loved where you from like, 'cause your city is always gonna be your backbone. They always gonna have your bet. They gonna root for you. Like even when shit go bad or you done hooping whatever, you could always like me, I go back to pi, I can get a job, I can be a coach, I can start a new career. But if you go traveling the world, switching school from school and you ain't got no foundation like where you from or somebody really champion you or rooting for you, you just out here. Yep. Like I give an example like Brendan, Jens going to Oak Hill. That's cool. People don't went to Oak Hill. That's fire. Whatever. But you see how they talk about, I'm like you ain't no real la you ain't play LA basketball.


You know what I mean? I was too good for LA and he got a rep o' Hill. But Oak Hill in Virginia, people don't really, but if you look at DeMar de Rosen when he talk about him in high school. Yeah. He like loved like he went to Compton, whatever. You know what I mean? It's like a different vibe. That's true. And I always felt that. But like Eric Gordon, like from our area like Greg. Oh all them going to them schools, they like Yeah everybody your community bro. Bro. Everybody. Yeah. Even at the next level in college you get so many kids move around because they in IL but if you ain't got a home in college, they, the league don't work out. You can go back and be a broadcaster at your own school. You go be a coach, you bouncing school to school. Yeah the bread is there but the relationships is torn.


Every year they cooked bro. Like Robbie Humble can do whatever he want at Purdue for the rest of his life, bro. Legend, he got hurt so much. NBA career didn't last long. He could go to Purdue and do whatever he want. Each one more. Go Purdue, do whatever he want. And it's like that's amazing. That's true. I just, like I said, I see the other side of it. I don't agree with it. But people don't have that common knowledge bro. To, but You know, you, you, we've been around some money before. You know how fast you go to a prep school, they give you $50,000. You know how fast $50,000 leave your hand? Are you done? You cooked. Especially if you ain't never had that type of chicken. What? Yeah. Especially in Laur. The first time paying real taxes is like bro that 50,000 gone you owe.


Yeah you owe 50,000 gone as soon as you pay your rent. Yeah. Car. No Uncle Sam you ain't got shit bro. What? Because you gonna buy a car. Your kid done went out there at 50,000, you done sent him somewhere for 50,000. And so I just hate when they, when they don't work out for the kids and you got a parent 12 times harder. 'cause now you gotta like retrain his mental health damn near like that's what I be fucked up about. Like go to a prep school, you don't have too much success. Or like they don't realize when you go to a prep school, you going to a place where usually it's a bunch of other guys who are good. Yeah. So yo whatever it is gonna take a hit. You never have the ability to learn to take over games or do something.


'cause somebody always is doing something for you. Like if you got a point guard who's a lead, he gonna make everything happen for you. If you a big man, if you a big man, that's a lead and your point guard is just a little. Okay. He made it easier for you. So you never learned how to be a guy. Nah. Facts and everything just become easier at a prep school. Y'all might play other talented schools, but it's only so many schools you can play. You gonna have to have a schedule. If you got 30 games, y'all gonna play some cupcakes. Oh F bro. For sure, for sure. Yeah. You look at all them prep schools that, I mean they only playing 10 to 12 cold teams. Probably a couple of local teams, but other than that they are definitely cupcakes bro. Come on bro. Ham sach. And I don't even like it too because the kids that ain't as good as the third, fourth best fifth graders in the country, that kind of discouraged him because they like man, little more cold.


This nigga nine bro. Yeah, you ain't even realizing you about to be way taller than him, way stronger than him. By the time you're in eighth grade you gonna be looking at him. He green, green. You know what I'm saying? So it really that shit, they need good people around him to tell 'em Like that's why I love like when all the NBA even niggas that didn't hoop in the NBA just college top college niggas just come back and get back to the kids. 'cause they need that. The social media wasn't like that when we was growing up bro. Nah, because I think that shit would've been different for us too. Yeah, we would've been affected for sure bro. Bro. Short to God you would've you come on bro. We, we fell in love with and one mixtapes and everybody wanted to play basketball that I know everybody from our just chap nigga can find my chapstick from our era that went to the NBA state in school.


I don't know if everybody would've stayed in high school back when we was in, You know what I mean? That went to the league. Niggas might've actually went to a prep school if they got offered some chicken. Ah, for sure. You know what I'm saying? What I'm saying, I don't know though because the, the beauty about us 'cause you niggas was You know you can get paid. Yeah. But the thing that was beauty about us, the competition was so good here. Yeah. Like the competition is good here still. But here it was like I'm playing a prep school schedule 'cause I play an NBA player every night. Yep. You could just play the mix. You were seeing the NBA player. Yeah. Every single weekend. That's a fact. That's a fact man. Like you wasn't gonna get no better.


Like the one thing about it, money ain't going nowhere. If you putting the work and you that good, you going to get some money back. That's what my dad used to always say. He'd be like if you Think you that you gonna get some money. But if you not that you ain't gonna get no money. Nah. For sure. And I used to didn't believe him. I used to be like, because You know I'm trying to get some bread. He was like, it done happen. You just gotta be that. See a lot of kids don't receive that though. That was, that worked out for y'all 'cause y'all was like phenomenal athletes. But these kids work ethic. It is trash bro. But that mean you really ain't that you giving me my, you making my prime example like alright they somebody gonna give you some money 'cause you tall or somebody gonna give you some money 'cause you fast right now.


But that shit catch up to you if you not really one of them. Oh yeah. Eventually the rubber gonna meet the road and yeah your shit, your dream gonna be shot. Like it's gonna be over. That's why I hate kids who get all this hype like when they young and then like you got no choice but to go to the league. Right. Like whatever. You have hype since you was in sixth grade. Yeah. To your senior year. You go to Kansas and you do just enough to get to the league but you never really been put in through anything and a rubber gotta meet the road and then your NBA journey is two years. Yeah. And then you don't know how to adapt and you now you gotta live real life.


No life skills. You've been ba your whole life ain't got a degree. Relationship might be shaky. You gotta figure it out overseas if that might not work 'cause you ain't never had to go out the country. Yeah. You always been catered to. Now you gotta get to it. And now everybody, now you gotta start being like me. Talk about what you did, what I used to do, who I used to be. You the real Al Bundy. Yeah. Like nah, I was number one in the world. Like and this is no shade to him. I, I love, I actually glad, I'm not glad it happened to him but like his story makes it easier for me to be a coach. I show everybody Lenny Cook's story. Yeah. Oh yeah. I every time, our best example of all time growing up, I show him Lenny Cook every time I I man I I told Isaiah I was like hey watch this.


Yeah. You need to watch this Lenny Cook documentary man that a humbled the fuck outta it. Yeah Because he was right there. So. And shout out to him and he be writing the page. He wrote me before too. Shout to and cook. Nah. Hell yeah. His story is very inspiring and like it wake you up. For real. Yeah, most definitely. Good talk man. Even like Kenmar was talking on Gil's podcast. Like if y'all training all day basketball, you probably fucking suck. Like you have to go play basketball to play basketball. All the things that's glorified in basketball is everything but putting the work in. Yeah. I'm a 5 0 5 nigga anyway. Over one-on-one. I can give you an example, a kid when we can get to something else. A kid told me today, nah, he raw. I said, where you seen play at? He's like, his highlights are crazy.


I said, yeah, You know what it's called a highlight. I was like, have you ever checked out his low lights? He's like, what's that? I said, yeah. Oh yeah. See that's my example right there. These kids are so green bro. They don't know. So they need people like you to tell him like what's real And the kids look, he said Elliot Cado used to be raw. I said, was he raw? He is like, man, his mix tapes was crazy. I was like, it was highlights like you were, I was like did you watch him make UNC? He was like I ain't really, he, I ain't really do nothing. I said no. And that's no shade to him. 'cause I hope you have a successful Yeah, I know he transferred to Michigan. I you have a good showing at Michigan. But I was saying like his shit look like Paramount pitchers in goddamn high school nigga Seventh Woods we thought was a second coming bro.


His middle school. Nobody. His EI don't, I know this might be a little contradictive. Seventh Seventh Woods is the greatest seventh, seventh year. What? Seventh grader I've ever seen in my life. Seventh talking. I don't care what gym talking about. I know we just had this good spiel but fuck that. When I seen Seventh Woods and fucking Atlanta playing basketball. I swear to God I knew he was going to leave. You couldn't tell me nothing different. He was so I've never seen a seventh grader guard anybody like that, bro. Like that nigga had 11 steals bro. In the first half. Bro. It was dunk. Dunk your, this nigga gotta be 17 bro. No way. It was amazing. Yeah, but that, I mean it shows you where that hype kill you though.


Yeah. And I'm trying to figure out where, where, where he went to school at. He went to U Unc C. He went to UC. Yep. Because I had never seen Did he play? He did right here and there Jackie. That's what I'm, I'm saying but it wasn't compared to the height. Yeah. Yeah that goes to your point though. That's what I Yeah, yeah. Like that's crazy that he was that good. Yeah bro. That that, that was up seven wood bro. Big of all time bro. Well for sure that is crazy legend for sure. Hey man, the Phoenix sons man about to mess around to change the NBA next season. Man. They got the new coach in Jordan Ott, You know what I'm saying? They going shout to my dog man. Yeah, that's Jim boy. Yeah that's my man bro. I'm so happy for him. Yeah, they they speak very, very highly. Him. They said Devin Booker, You know what I'm saying? Was definitely on that committee and making sure he was a part of that.


Yeah. They went through for Devvin Booker, he has had eight head coaches since he has been in Phoenix. Damn. Obviously he would be around as the franchise player but they try, they trying to make some shit up man. I know we had talked about on the morning show possibly Ka moving on. But then they got some great trade scenarios that include him getting to Phoenix and KD going to the Knicks. Man, what's the trade scenario? Let's talk to him man. They talking about giving up Kat and another player and getting kd. Yeah, that's crazy. Another pick. Yo look who called me? This is this guy. Look who it is, Jordan. I Oh JO. That's hilarious. He, there's no way we could have planned this by the way. I swear I missed a call. He, I'm gonna tell him see if he answered.


He is a busy man right now. Yeah, I missed this call. He is ecstatic. The fact he hit your line fire though. It is. He offered you a job, you going? No bro, bro. Probably. Okay. I probably watched the show. He called me a hour ago. My bad. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey 18. My fault brother. He might even be on a plane tired. Shout to J man getting that head coaching job. But yeah man we've seen KD possibly going to the spurge. There's some interest there. Houston as well. Ooh, damn. KD to the Spurse. KD to the Spurs. I y'all, I do too because I, I think the asking prices are gonna be a little bit cheaper. They're trying to get it done within the next couple of weeks before the draft. Preferably you could get KD for Devon, ell, Harrison, Barnes and that pick.


And I don't even think it's a two pick. They were talking about possibly be 14. But man imagine getting KD on that team with Wendy. That would be scary. Do y'all wanna see KD with Wendy or do y'all wanna see KD in New York? Houston I like kd. I like KD with Wendy over KD with Bronson. K and Wendy just sounds insane with D. Fox. Fox. I would love to see that. That not my conference so I ain't gotta deal with it. So I'm, I'm all for think they can get, they say they can get KD for the 14th pick. 14th pick. You have to give up. Sell Harrison Barnes now you probably got, I don't know, they might try to get that, that higher pick, which is fine if they do.


'cause fuck it, the money's gonna be gone anyway. Right. But then Houston, You know what I'm saying? Houston has a pretty solid pick as well. And they talking about giving up Jabari talking about giving up Dylan Brooks and a pick in the pick swap. So if you, if you Phoenix KD might be yo, your best way to go. I don't like, I don't like giving up Dylan Brooks. You don't like that? Nah, you gotta keep Dylan Brooks. You gonna, we gonna push him to the bench. You gonna just have maximum three or four. No gonna, he gonna, he gonna start. Okay, KD gonna play the four. So you gonna start Van Vallee? Yeah. Green. Yeah. Dylan Brooks and the Thompson twin guy start?


Yeah, Thompson twin guy start. Alright, what you gonna do with say gun then say oh, he started five. So who come off? I don't want, I don't want K in Houston. Okay. Come get a 10. I want, I want Katie in New York. Okay. You want Katie with the Knicks? I want Katie in New York over with Weby bro. What? Katie and Weby would just be fucking ridiculous. And I wanna see, I don't wanna watch San Antonio no shade. I like, I hate their home show. Y'all know I, yeah, they lit. I hate their home. You know I love D Aren Fox, bro. One of my favorite players, they lit bro. I, I fuck with you Fox forever. But I, I don't want, why? I don't want why like I love Wendy too.


I love kd. That's a crazy trio. That's insane. I don't, I the best trio man. Man. I don't wanna see Wendy like KD so good. I don't wanna see him have to take like a, a little step back. I wanna see Weby shoot wild ass threes and shit. I think he can. Oh he's gonna do it anyway. I mean it's Wendy I think, I think it just looks better than him and Giannis. I just wanna see KD in New York. KD deserves to be in New York. Mm. He did it in Brooklyn. He deserves the big lights. He did his big shit. The real, the real New York experience. Yeah. He deserves that. Like he should go out like that. The Knicks always give people when they older anyway so I, he deserves that. Damn he didn't do Mary Johnson about the New York. I like that team though.


Like KD og. Who they gonna give up? Mikel you said and Ka mike on Kat Mitchell Robinson, KD og. Josh Hart still there and Josh Hart. I like it. That's a fair team. I like it. That's a tough team. That is a fair team. You got a guaranteed bucket in Brunson and KD got the defense there with Hart and Mitchell Robinson and rebound. Maybe that was a Knicks problem though. They just had a bunch of people that did stuff good. They didn't have nobody to do nothing great. Like KD is a guarantee. Like yes Jesus Christ. That's a guarantee. Like ain't no way Nihar, no disrespect to them but you like Nihar or Ne Smith bothering him.


I'm gonna get pissed off. How many versions of the Knicks you gonna have to beat is something that happened. We beat your ass last year. Y'all gonna get Kat and Mikhail Bridges, then y'all gonna bounce back and get kd. Bro. That's not fair bro. Fair. I mean it's New York. Yeah, it's New York and you're penalized for living here. It sucks. Yeah, hold on. I don't, I I don't like what Joe Button said about Yeah Joe, we still live in Indiana. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ain't your out game? Oh yeah, Joe, Joe stole that off. TikTok. Oh he he didn't mean that. He didn't mean that. Oh he did? Okay. He was, I was about, I was about to go crazy. He still, he's still bitter about that belt to ass situation. I about to talk about his seats. Child job. I can't say that our seats was fucked up. We was at home shit. Hey, hey first of all I love you two but we wasn't in no fucking nose.


Please close enough good seats bro. They believe me. When I said y'all was in the 300 level, somebody was Twitter posted was just like, damn, damn up there. I said no I've been sweet. Somebody I should have said y we was two 50 bro. Somebody took a picture when Malcolm, You know, record me was in the 100,000, 100 cropped it and nigga it is looking like I'm at Mel Daniels jersey like got my head right under it. Fuck y'all. It was close enough shit. Charles cge. Nah definitely shout to SiGe. My homeboy posted he was at the game. He was like yeah bro, I had to pull up to the game. He was on top. I said boy you BetterHelp me, your feet are perfect. You, I slip away from home court. Are y'all going to the finals game? I'm pissed because I got offered tickets in OKC today so I can't slide.


But I will probably go to game three or game four for sure. How much do you think a finals ticket go? Comma, comma man what's y'all, what's y'all guesses? What? How much y'all I think of floor seat. Go for the person. 10. 10 10 what man? Four floor seat? Yeah, no. 20. Yeah, let's see. Floor seat at the, for Indiana and Oklahoma City. It is the NBA finals. Yeah. I don't think they're that high though. The nosebleeds start at 600. Okay. What you think of floor seat costs gotta be at 10 Y'all 20 bands. It's it's the NBA finals. If it wasn't NBA finals I would be 1000% there with you.


Oh. Y'all like 29? 29,000? No, 9,000. Yeah. Second row. Second row. Joe Gimme Joe Bud, CS Joe Buss. Okay. I told Joe told you bro you can't be in the Joes bro. That's game one and OKC. Oh. How much you think of Indiana Game three Court side? They probably sold out anyway but damn in the bridge. We acting like we got that. I'm just saying it is 21. Oh wait, wait a second. Wait a second. I wanna hear this other number. 21,000 on the floor. 66,000 on the floor. On the floor. I told y'all that 20 band the cheapest one on 21.


You wanna sit next to media. Between the media and the pictures in the second row, how much was the seats do we got for four 21,000 a second row. 21002nd row for one seat. Oh my gosh. Y'all somebody want 259,000. He is smoking crack cocaine for, for floor seats. Yeah, that's, that's, that's, yeah. Ticketmaster will not honor that at all. Be dope. I would go buy a new TV for every room in my fucking house before I spend $20,000 in the game ticket and a car. Nigga I will take a private flight to Miami and watch the game at Prime. One 12. Shout to prom. Have money to spare pain in brussel sprouts. Hey tap in. Matter of fact, my boy be here with the size my nigga.


Shout Bru Chicken win. Shout to my dog Miles, go ahead and clip this up and put on your Instagram. You know you my dog. He always showed me love Ronald too. Yeah, that's my guy. That's my favorite restaurant of all time. He gave my boy the big table, You know. Yeah. My favorite restaurant all time. Shout to Miles, my Miles do a live show. Row four for 31,000. Yeah. I ain't going to that game. Yeah, I will buy a new car before I do that. Alright Pacers man. Hey shout out to the Timberwolves man. They showed me love. They sending me some packages in the mail 'cause I was representing for the squad. That was random. But I'm back with the Pacers so Pacers do right by me. Well Cge don't look like we be pulling up no Syn Got it. Tapan. We need the vibes. They don't throw us, they don't got it. Throw us a watch party.


Not for, not for us. Okay. Sponsor us a watch party saying that's what we should do. Let's have a watch, a live watch party. I'm with it. Well You know DJ going to the game. He aint gonna all seven of them. He ain't gonna all seven of them. He not. I am not. But game three and four. So what, where are we having a watch party at for game one? Mm Game one that motherfuckers tomorrow. Which is today. Say we're not having a watch party for game. Maybe game two Sunday. We we'll try for the weekend. So we gonna have a game two watch party. Game two. Watch party Sunday at Jeff's house? No. Oh, okay. Patreon, this is my old house.


Yes. New house. No you wanna slide to the new five 20. Pay 500. And I wish we had to pool to get one of these little buildings though. We can easily, we can Rail space. Are y'all sure we could go to any bar club downtown and say we wanna have a watch party downtown and I dunno if we can club by 20. Oh y'all, y'all wilding on Sunday. The whites bro. They shut down downtown for free T-shirt giveaways. Yeah it was backed up for three hours. Call J at All Stars right now. I guarantee we can have a watch party All Star. Oh we can. We can turn All Stars now. Right now. Shout out to Jay Egyptian. We can have a watch party. Oh Facts. That's a filthy watch party. Do we have TVs? Egyptian's literally my favorite place to go. Shout out to Egypt if they have TVs.


Yeah, right there. You don't think we got a watch party? Allstar, we gonna be Egyptian like this. Jay Jay would do that for us. That's what I'm saying. Let's go live, get our cameras, have a watch party. Oh y'all like stressing me out. Why not? Anytime we do content, when you I'm gonna get it done. Throw my watch anytime I say let's take these cameras, this motherfucker, it's a whole issue. What you think about streaming on watch party? The fuck it's lit. I love it. We're Casa not, we ain't gonna buy a bunch TV down. We just do it in the studio. Wifi. Do it in the studio or y'all gonna put nobody.


It's gonna be us. We we. That shit gonna be like, it gonna be like, ooh. I'm telling y'all we do that shit side of that Buffalo gonna be a vibe. We Yeah. Culture won't open up porch. I can get it. Ooh. Hit experience live. That's it. Can we, oh, a rush, A rush Live experience. Can we do that within five days? Watch party. Can we do that in five days? Be here. Do you have the pool? Mm this how You know we not shit because we're doing this live. We just been shooting from the hip all day today. Yeah. Oh. That's all we ever do. And we're gonna do all this shit. And if we don't, we line anyway so they I can can you do it? Putting the pressure on me the spot. For sure. What is, what is the P, what is that sound gonna be like?


Alright. Sound's gonna be awful. Alright. But it doesn't matter. Have y'all heard? Fuck yeah. Have you heard the morning show so we can heard 85 episode so we can sit up in the VIP area. Oh I, yeah I probably can make that happen. Culture. Y'all have to be serious. We ain't Sunday. We'll we'll talk more off camera. Can we for show? Ain't that your birthday? I'll pay the fee. Nah, my birthday on the 10th. Monday. Oh. It's my birthday on the 10th. And it's your birthday watch party Sunday. Mm. Game two slash culture tea. Birthday party. Birthday party. Live stream. Turn up bottles on tea. It's going to be turned slash hedrick. Come on. It's lit. White Ramon tap all night. Tap doing nigga do.


Yeah we gotta block off the area though. You can't go here. We gotta block off a certain area so the cameras won't ever be Yeah we gotta go have a real, y'all gotta sign a release when y'all coming in too 'cause y'all gonna be on the internet. Yeah and we're not paying y'all facts. Five 20 live stream. Five 20 Live stream celebrating just birthday party celebrating game. That's game two. Game two. Game two party will, I'll be back Sunday if we lose it. Don't talk to me 'cause I'm gonna get mad. Will you be back Sunday? You have to be vaccinated. I'll be vaccinated now. I guess there goes some trouble here. I say be here nervous. Why are you nervous? Funding? I ain't gonna stress but y'all ain't, y'all not in this world of this shit. Talk to, I started this world.


I was the first club from Promotor here. Nah, no you wasn't. All my shit was free. You just threw the parties. You didn't work them. See he's a pastor. We gonna hire people. He's a real DJ g. People fast. I just made my party free impromptu five 20 day slash oh shit. Impromptu we be, You know my smoke. I know we put the mics on us. Coach the fuck the bar gonna be free boy that bar gonna go crazy. This so fuck Live Stream. We gotta talk to Uncle Joe though. We got, we can't have none of the music videos while the game's on though. We gonna have to cut off IMC. He's gonna be real locked in time. It be nigga be playing ain't I And motherfucking get your roll on, be on the, get your roll on be on the tv.


Yeah, but we gonna lock Joe. We fuck with you. Alright. I, I'll talk to Joe. I mean well not Joe but Derek and and Rock and we got y'all word. We about to make this happen on Sunday and I mean I will if he can make it happen. No, are you serious bro? Oh a lot because You know it's going, if we put it out there out there, they're gonna see us tomorrow. I'm saying y'all know my crowd is don't watch this shit like that. So if we really pub this as I'm just saying lie, I don't care what the crowd is. The live thing turn first. No, I'm talking about how many people is really about to be bro. Yeah just let 'em in Uncle Joe and y'all at the bar gonna go stupid. Are we charging at the door or it's your birthday? Fuck it. If it's your birthday party we can bought Fool.


They they buy their own food they body on. I I gotta, I gotta, I gotta a Yeah I got a bill there for my shit. So I mean May at all Stars it probably work but Coach they love me to death. We'll figure it out. We'll have a promo flyer for y'all by today. This gonna live by today. And then you got a mic. If me he lock it in tonight, we'll have it done today. But then you got a, you got a micas though. Yeah, y'all, everybody gotta be miked. Everybody be micd the whole time. That has to be edited before it goes out. Listen y'all, y'all gonna be miked. Listen, look at me. No, we live stream. Everybody look at me. Y'all are gonna be micd the whole time. Look at me when I say that. But we're live stream.


That's gonna be y'all stressed up my because I'm walking it's gonna be live stream. Hear me. Have you heard say cut my shit. I'm gonna take that bitch and put it in a all now this is my proof y'all now I do this party shit like I'm, I'm trying to tell him it is. It's gonna be a little different. We asked Mike with his anxiety. He don't come out. He's gonna have we gonna party. It's gonna be I know I'm not gonna have a, he told me, oh Mike's, that's my camera. I don't know. I'm you we we got block off a area. Okay we just, because we can't have the game in the background anyway 'cause be flag so So we just shout the cops right?


We were just sitting up in the V up here. Yeah, it is that big part. Yeah. Yeah. And we just, I just, You know that's a hundred thousand dollars. Get her off of there. No, no, no. We just put that V off here right there. We live streaming. We watch up there. We had a party going and it just a, it's just a vibe. Okay. Somebody gonna try to go viral. Y'all gonna have a tough job. I don't think y'all understand how lit we're in the city y'all. No, I don't know but I just, I know this is gonna be fun. Which way we gonna be live? We the game. If they can do streamer university, we could do streaming culture. We'll, we'll okay we let's talk. I love this for us. I got it. I got it. Good talk man. Before we get outta here actually but we can't, oh shit. We gotta have a limited amount of people coming because it can't be that hot.


I can't be on earth. See like we we got or a hundred? It's only 77. Only 77 people fitting there. No nigga the weather. I was like what? No, the weather. Okay. But that's an open gym in Indiana. 77 people. So it'd be like about close to 70. It's gonna be hot bro. But we gonna figure out how many people bring a fan. Come on. Literally. Alright, before we get outta here, Adam Silver talk today talking about the next All-Star game is going to be world verse USA. We are tired of the All-Star game and they gimmicks. But how do y'all feel about this announcement? The, the world, nobody on the world ever plays hard so yeah, USA will win for sure.


Hopefully we can sit down and talk to him one day about that. But I, I Think you should go back to the og, OG way West East verse west. I want to, I wanna pick his brain on why, You know he's smart and he helped turn the league up with the play in. Yeah. And all that shit. I fuck with that. I just wanted to see like where his vision at really with it. But I wonder if they really sick of Allstar weekend. I know it is a a high revenue weekend. I know the product is down and people shit on it. But I wonder if they just sick of that. Like we just gotta do it 'cause we gotta do it. Yeah. I don't want it to turn into the, with the NFL, the pro Pro Ball used to be living when we was kids bro. Now it's like you don't even think about it. Yeah, we nobody watches the pro ball.


We have more fun than doing the mini games. They do the actual game itself. Yeah. So I hope the NBA, the NBA can't turn into that show but I think what they doing, what's making it, it is gonna make it a little better this year. They're playing it earlier. Like All Star weekend is so long. It is like all the three point concerts, all that shit and then the All Star game. You gotta, you're like 8:00 PM right? Yeah. Like you kind of get well shit like three o'clock little kids can still be up watching it. Everybody like when I grew up I remember Jordan and them playing early. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I, it's kind of cool not not to be that late. Yeah because Sunday it ain't really nothing. You just preparing for that. Yeah bro. And restorative feeling The old jerseys, that was dope.


That's one thing like even with the finals shout to the past, they did a crazy promo. You can pull up and get a finals patch in your jersey if you got one from this year or last and it's only like $25 some shit like that. That's like, that's real memorabilia. We used to love seeing players in they own jerseys in the game or even if it was an alternate, they had a dope theme like man we just got restorative feeling man. I think it's very possible. I know it's a lot of fans that's picky and media vice versa but man we gotta do something man. Allstar weekend was a beloved time for people to love basketball. Yeah. I don't know if the, the world versus the US is gonna be a good thing 'cause the world players don't play for real. Like Yoic is gonna be an all star. He is never gonna play serious. Nah Shay, Gil Alexander not gonna play serious.


Luca not gonna play serious. Yo. There's the better team though. Giannis Luca. Yo they're not gonna play serious. Yeah the teams will be fired but like you said the effort ain't gonna be there. Yeah they don't play serious at all. Like if you go watch them in the All Star gangs, they all do trick shots or just you. What do you Think? You think they would try to prove a point? Nah, like they're taking over the league maybe Literally they all MVPs and they all don't give a fuck. Yeah I don't, I don't got to Mm. Listen think about that. They all MVPs and they all don't even give a fuck about being MVP. That's actually crazy. I agree. Like Luke is on his way. He probably eventually get a MVP. Yeah he don't give a fuck about that. Yos definitely don't. He done got a couple MVPs. So you said the US wins but it ain't gonna be a good game.


No. Joker didn't give a fuck about the chip. He said all right cool. I'm about to go play my horses. Alright. I did my job. He don't give a damn about, I don't see that. Shay not about to play hard. No fucking nah because You know, and I don't even think they got enough world people to like have a big enough roster. That was my next point. I was gonna say it's gonna be top heavy. Them first five I like Pascal will make it. Yeah. But then after that boy you gonna be having some stragglers in there. Yeah. You gonna have to start like og OG a fuck around, be a all star just yeah Jamal Murray. Yeah but like, but then you look at last year they had G League players in it so I guess it can't get no worse than that. In respect to them bro. They hoopers of course but I ain't gonna lie.


Been kind of year bro. I ain't gonna lie. San Fran was mid, that was, it was mid. Mid. That was one of the worst. That was one of the worst. Yeah that was, that was a bad all so man they gonna bounce back. I got faith in the league man. If not the last Good Allstar game was like 2015. No that one was mid. I'll say I love his immediate response. Like that was what my, nah, I wasn't been, nah, because that, that weekend wasn't really, that wasn't pressure. It was, I say it was in New York. The, the dunk contest was amazing. Was Toronto after that the last Kobe one? The, the, the 2015 I think the Star game was Aren.


Yeah. What's the last Kobe? It was 18. Yeah. When was the Kobe Kobe's last Allstar game? I don't remember. That was probably the last like 18. Living with what, what was the dunk contest in 2015? Because I think that's, I know Zach Levine was in it. Kobe's last All-Star game was 20,016. Yeah, this all thought 16 Toronto. Okay. 16. That was Zach Levine. Ian Gordon 15. Nah I wasn't at that. I think that was 16 or 14. Zach Levine. Aren Gordon. Yeah that was 16. 2016. Yeah. That was crazy Elite. That was one the ones, man that game was pretty good too. That's, that's probably, that's probably the best. Austin. That's when he went over the mascot under the, that's the best Allstar weekend. Yeah. One of the best dunk concerts.


All the last, that's the last Good Allstar weekend for sure man. Alright man we gotta, we gotta set back in NBA. Do what y'all gotta do man. Make Allstar weekend great again. For sure. All right man. We appreciate y'all. Before we get outta here, be here and tell the people they can grab some merch. Shop club five twenty.com Baby, come on. You know the vibe.


Shout to Boost Mobile. We appreciate y'all $25 unlimited nationwide. First three months, $15 tall back man. You know you got that 15 and you got that 25 for show Nationwide. Oh that mean when we have our field day it is actually only gonna be $15 for us. Mm. Yeah. Technically when we have, I wasn't gonna sell them that but Right. That's when we have our field day max pack pull up. We got the 15 for you but the rest of the month. Good luck. Yeah. Yeah. We gonna start you off but the rest is on you game. You sign up, we got you and you got Mike have to bring your own phone and be him and Sim not Mike Nigga, you definitely have to bring your own. And Mike is such a player up right there. It was mobile polo. I, I'll put the sim chip in myself. Mike will be at the stand. Yep. With the orange polo with the iPad for sure. The Boost Mobile iPad, your hat on Boost Mobile iPad signing contracts for sure. 360 deals. Red the five print. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time. Love five 20. The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and agree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one miss answer to per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 24th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Keebler cookies, Popsicle frozen treats, smart water, silk almond milk, Folger's coffee and carry gold butter. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I Get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is an iHeart podcast.