
You're listening to an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart


Kickoff summer with Memorial Day savings at Lowe's. Right now, get five Scott's Naturescapes, one and a half cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. Plus, get up to 40% off select major appliances and save an extra $50 on every $500 you spend on select major appliances, $396 or more. Lowe's, we help you save valid through 5 28 mulch. Offer excludes Alaska and Hawaii. Selection varies by location while supplies last. Sea lows.com for more details.


The volume, I don't even have a question for you. More or less a salute because like you said, you've been that nigga since we was kids. We see a lot of people who grew up in Hollywood grow up in fan. They don't always end up the same as adults. Right? But for you to navigate to be who you are, that's dope. But how was that growing up with all that type of notoriety and just still having to be in a, a regular person? Well, Shout out to my mama. I got a black mama so You know my mama ain't shit. Yeah, yeah. Definitely Having my mama in my quarter, that played a a a, a big role, You know, You know what I'm saying? Into my career and, and not only that, but just for me, just tell based on what you said, for me, I always study the ones who came up for me who fucked up.


So I be watching them like now I know what not to do. 'cause if I slip down that hole, that's what that's gonna be. Me. Hmm. So I'll be learning from motherfuckers making they own mistakes, but You know, I give all credit to my mom. So like without her, like she was like the launcher pack into this shit that kind of prepared me mentally. And then of course me having the legends in my corner, having a snoop, having a Reet Dupree. Yeah. And just, You know, even a Nelly, You know what I mean? Where I consider like a, a big brother to these is niggas that's going pull up and fight me if I'm outta control, if I'm on the internet. Wild. That's why I nigga been on this best behavior this past couple years. 'cause I, I understand what it is and I understand my brand. I understand who I am and, and it take real big homies to come to you man. And then bring your ass down here one time and let You know what you been fucking up on.


And, and I got a lot of people that love it outside the game. They here inside the game and they don't want, they ain't gonna let me, ain't gonna let me fall. So yeah, Them sure I gotta tell him I had me and you had a, a fun moment one day clause like, what's up? I, that's cool. That's great. But we was out one night in Houston. It was me, you name, I was playing with Boston, we was in Houston. It was COVID time nigga. I know it. Oh, I Know what man, when the Mayor, when the mayor trying to kick me out the Scene. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So we had a good time and I was like, this is when I knew like I was like, yo, he a different famous so You know I'm playing on the Celtics, this jt, JB all them.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Who was at camp? Yeah. And I said, damn, he walked through and no offense, but like 50 girls ran behind him. I said yeah, he a different famous, like they roll, they rolled with us. See? Oh my fault. I didn't know you brought him to the porch. Edo running behind you. And I looked at Jason and I was like, you got a lot of money but you don't got that. And he was like, I'm about to go get you. I gotta shake that nigga. He, well my mama JT came over To the section. Y'all Didn't fuck y'all Pulled up, Pulled up. I fucked with jt but that's my dog man. Like that's, that's family even used bringing that up man. And I wish my boys speed recovery too. I told him, I told him I'm gonna go with the beat time gonna fuck.


Won't even check on him while he down. But yeah, that's my dog van. And yeah that was, that was a matter of fact was crazy. That was me and Soulja boy after partying to the Millennium tour, that was one of the craziest nights at Camp Houston for sure. That shit was crazy. It was going Up. I I wasn't there for long. That's right. You left Pee somewhere right here, there. Get your ass sold somewhere. Nah, he got up outta it early. I want to ask you bro, how did the Millennium tour start bro? Who originated that? Yeah, it originated, I'm gonna be real Gary, You know what I mean? It all started with Gary. That's to promote him the BPC, You know Gary and they, they came up with this concept to, You know, bring back that vibe again.


You know what I mean? The screen sort of started with me, You know what I mean? That's, that's my shit. A sta a stamp, a staple and that was the first and pretty much the millennium sort was kind of like the spinoff from that, You know what I mean? And the, the first one was 2019 with B 2K. And I felt that, You know, it wasn't my time to do it yet. I felt that the fans and, and me understanding her audience that the Beats 2K reunion was their time and it had to happen for them. And it was, I didn't want to take away from the moment, the moment was too big and I set it out and I just watched every artist from that from our times just get the tweet and it was so pissed like man why the fuck y'all ain't calling me? Why the fuck?


I'm like nigga y'all ain't bigger than B 2K nigga. The girls wanna see motherfucker B 2K. These niggas only come outside of me 25 years together. So if they could catch 'em one time they gonna catch 'em. And then I came out, cabana had brought me out as a special guest, shit went crazy and that's when they already was up. They gotta call the dog, they gotta call the dog. Ain't no way you doing anything millennial without a me or a Chris Brown involved in that motherfucker. It's just, it ain't going to work like that. Like Us, You know what I mean? Like I wanted To hear you talk a little shit. It's The truth. We, we sold the most from our millennial. We got the most hits out of the millennial is us too. And I knew the car was gonna come and when they came I took the opportunity, then Mario came back and he co he co-head live with me and then Gary like we got running back again.


I'm like damn nigga we going three to in a row, here we going again. And that was when me, Trey and Ion Rose and everybody else. And, and how this one came about was, You know I put the call in the trigger. I called Trigger myself 'cause Trey wasn't picking the phone for niggas, he was not picking up the phone. He was not entertaining at tour at all. Right. And Gary was like, yo, I need you to put your fitness hat on and I need you to put this call in. I put the call there and I said Yo Trey, I need you the headline. He a headline. I don't, nigga I don't nigga you headline this, this your shit. I said nah nigga, I'm, I'm on some mother type of shit right now. I'm like I need you to do this. You know I don't got time for the, for the ego shit one. That's why I fuck with Tri, You know what I mean? Just put some positive touches on my nigga.


Right. Nigga Solid came on the tour to this thing rocked out. Yeah. One of the best torn partners I think I ever had in my career understands what what what it take and, and how we can be able to, to do this shit again. You need to run it back. I can't bring B 2K back A too fraud. Nah, Nah, we we got some shit cooking on the works. I I can't really speak on it too much but it's something big going now in December as as of n some real big gone down possible. They don't listen to this. What's that nigga's name over there? I don't know. Nope. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. Nigga ran me out the pocket. There you go. Nigga ain't ready for no tour man. Hey look, believe It or not though, while we here to Shooting shit, That nigga Low key is like the motherfucker very smart when they come to defend stuff.


Like oh for sure he, them motherfucker that's in the office with gearing them putting this shit together though. I so I I I gotta give it to I I give it to Raz on that point. Nah, let me have that. Let's fool you. Alright don't get out. Try clean this shit up son. Man y'all don't watch these two niggas that boom tonight man. It's a wild back core. My back core crazy. That's right. So now speaking of your family, you got an address for your cousin Put s Smart on Bow Wow name man Who? Your cousin Orlando. Hey that's my cousin. My for real Still that's real Black cousin. That my, that's his real blood cousin. Cousin. So he be tripping some time words nigga. That's some cousin, real cousin That He said he was hitting and I think it was Ing.


Hey listen man, he nigga he he he be wild. He trying to go wild man That's my cousin. Excuse me. Hey excuse my family bro. Nah he good man. Good Man. He makes mistakes of life. No, No. Ow need his fade with Orlando. I'm trying to save you from that bro. I know his niggas bro. If y'all see my cousin out bro you big as he yo bro don't beat his ain. Nah He, he, he good man. Okay. Ain't nobody paid no anticipate. Yeah he been tweak. He ain't affected that. No. Yeah, Yeah he told me he was gonna beat me up one day. I said bro, for what the fuck He fucked that nigga gonna Orlando bail my nigga you gotta meet his as Chill as family bro.


I Ain't gonna lie. Right the first time I said man I wanna fail, I'm gonna fuck get in so bad when I serious this nigga, I swear to God like I was hot at first and then I'm like what am I gaining outta this shit? It's like he too, he came bro don't worry about It. No but I'm like what am I gonna gain out of it? Nothing like it's like you gonna sue me like I ain't getting nothing outta that shit. Then I feel like the people like this man, You know that nigga crazy motherfucker about you get no points off. Bad nigga like so it's like a lose lose either way it goes. So I said some shit you just gotta let let shit slide but that nigga keep playing. I'm A hey look I'm apologize Cousin keep playing. Get him a lawn. I'm gonna call him knife man. Call him Man.


Nah he really going, he really gonna beat my nigga up man. It is like I winning. Alright fuck that nigga bro. He say one more thing, I'm Letting slide nigga let slide, I'm gonna call him tonight man Against nigga say one more thing nigga You seen him grab the mic with funny Mark the nigga tweak man. Yeah That nigga be tripping but You know what, in all honesty though, the nigga, the nigga really talented though and I and I I said it race thing, You know what I'm saying? Like the nigga's really funny. Like I just feel like if somebody really gave a nigga a real opportunity and put him in a situation or a real actor situation that he Sean or a real movie role, I don't give a fight just anything. You know what I'm saying? I always said that shit. 'cause if you don't motherfucker's naturally funny though, it's naturally funny.


Ill give it to you, get My nigga together man. All though your cus Yeah we hear you talking but we get 'em together. Oh My god second Cus though Through Marriage though, keep it real. Oh so it don't count? No it's through married. Oh God this is the self. Oh Okay. Go ahead. Y'all bringing that up. I don't even know what to answer. Nah, I wanna talk to you about hooping though bro. On the do it like did you play coming up? Was that one of the things was you Yeah, Yeah Sports was first.


Yeah his voice was first, You know what I mean, just growing up in Columbus, You know we got the Gus Smacker out there. I know y'all know who Gu man You know, You know I played in the Gus Smacker a couple times growing up from there. We got smacked, we got smacked up, we was terrible and I was famous too. That's like first album album I went back to the city got in that shit. We got in like at air so hot as fuck. You know how that shit be. It's like affiliate courts, they give you a map, you gotta try to locate your court like it was just too much. But growing up for sure like basketball was my everything. Like I, I honestly felt like damn huh? I had a chance. So I said damn my nigga is almost grown and I just stopped Bra. It's just, it's just not going to happen for me. And then I watched, I saw Jerry McGuire and I said I know I can't play the game I could play but I said I know I probably can't play physically but I wanna be a part of the game somehow.


You know what I mean? And I said damn it, I wanna be a sports agent For sure. Who was one of the coolest entertainers you seen Hooped up What? Right Prince. Hey I and I know y'all probably heard stories I hate to keep, oh I hate to keep bringing this nigga name up but the first person because I could save so many people that she'll be like this. Oh yeah, well we know he could play. Nah Boo, That nigga r Kelly could play. He good and every refuse on. I don't care what niggas let's go home. Hey r Kelly is the greatest Every for the shot. Hey Yeah Robert, Robert did that shit. R Kelly is a lady.


Yo, Let me tell you something about this nigga on, hey look This Is a legend because I know this shit gonna go everywhere 'cause I, I don't know if nobody even told this story. I don't remember one time. It's a funny ass shit. Right. This nigga, so this nigga Chris right, This Nigga called me, the nigga Brown. Brown called me like, yo bro, what you doing this weekend? I said nigga I got a studio session with r Kelly. That nigga Chris never met Kel. So he like, shit, I'm free nigga I'm coming let Chicago to come fuck with y'all. Then I'm, I'm IIII wanna, I I wanna meet him like, I'm like cool, come on, come down. We working on, I'm gonna flirt. So the nigga kills. It's probably like one in the morning nigga. Like we going to the gym, we about to, we about to come play bad football.


Right? Nah, we about to go to the gym. We really go to the gym. It's probably two in the morning. I swear to God. I never seen niggas play 5 0 5. But it was like playing 5 0 1. 'cause every time a nigga got the rebound on kill team is pass the kills, pass the kills, pass the kills. Every time one of his niggas get a rebound. You had to pass the ball to r Brian. Am I lying? You got to pass it to this nigga. And I'm talking about this nigga is walking up the court shooting from half. These niggas rebounding it. If he get it again they kicking it back out. The r Kelly? No, He saying oh I swear like no one shoot you, you Oh, he said I know exactly. Yep. He said you kidding. Listen Nigga, you nigga you was at the house.


I'm talking about You said yo, you at the pool. What? Like me and this nigga me And this nigga breezing me in this bitch like Y'all nobody can shoot on this nigga team but him. This nigga's incredible. But this, he, he one the top dog and but but be making this shit though. That's what's Oh he was hitting? Yeah. So he going crazy right now. Yeah Nigga He making, yeah but in the third and if he did miss play on the yard, man, I ain't saying it like that. They play on the your hey excuse this nigga man. They play on your No, no funny shit though. How is that working with him to the studio because we don't get no all Kelly stories at all on our po Man.


The niggas like a musical fucking genius bro. Facts, like, You know, shout out to Lil Ronnie. He, he the one who produced same girl and he did, I'm a flirt for us and we, You know what I mean? When he did the record we was at the house and I was stuck like again, like sometimes as writers, as rappers, we get writer's block like we write so much shit that she'll start rewriting the same shit. Like what the fuck? So Right. I took a break, the nigga kills called like, like what you feeling? I'm like man shit, I know it's gotta be for the ladies. Like it's me and you. Like it's gotta be for the ladies. Oh I got you. Gimme gimme like 15 minutes. Motherfucker called back and go, it's a boy. And I was like, what nigga like kid He said, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah listen it's a boy, it's a boy.


I said what? He said we got a hit and it a vote. The nigga pressed play on that motherfucker. Boom, it I'm a flirt. Damn No cap. Like in a 10 to five minutes the nigga did the hook, sent it back and the rest was, It's hard bro. Yeah, you thought you worried with a lot of people bro. Yeah, tons of people. Tons. Who the hardest worker that you've seen in the studio? The hardest worker I've seen in the studio or like the hardest person to work with in the studio. It's the hardest worker period Over this question. Actually we don't want you telling on nobody. I would probably say the motherfuckers that live in the studio, Jermaine Dupree, he lives in the studio.


Wayne. Yeah. Time I spend that cash money. Yeah. Wayne is very reliable. You could, you, you, you can rely on Wayne. When I was at Cash Money, his room is room A I'm room C. If I'm working on some shit I can go right out in the parking lot, walk right over to the other. Right the hit factory. Give it a tool. Hey I need you on this one. He ain't gonna question it. He ain't going only he gonna say is this is Ion say less. He gonna find it. So I swear to God that nigga gonna walk that bitch right back over to you in 10 minutes. Damn. And it's gonna be probably one of the est verses you probably ever heard at least one of 'em. Who else go crazy in the Studio?


What about Chris? Me and Brown kind of work the same like we gotta have some partying going on like, You know it ain't Just y'all like him. Yeah like, Like, like our shit is different like promote like Wayne ain't Wayne ain't parted In the studio. Hold on. Be I don't wanna fuck up this story. What? Go ahead and say what you was trying to say. Promote the Hendrick experience. Well Say that first nigga say it like this is Chris Brown and I ain't no telling what these niggas is doing. You talking about this like him. I don't wanna know this. I done seen some reports the other day. Man, shut up this stay here. What's the vibes though? So y'all got ladies in there? Yeah, It is just, I think for any artist that's a part of the lifestyle that really live a culture that really live in heat and breed this shit that we do from the nightlife experience to being on stage and just really inherited what come with this type of shit, this energy me, Chris and, and You know a a d Drizzy and certain niggas that got that fan base, You know like now them niggas got motion.


Like yeah just straight motion and our studio sessions reflect that. It's hard for me to make a female popping club record without, with just being my engineer in there. Like we can't do this and the women be letting me know. Yeah, that's what it ain't without letting me know just by them vibing and the drinks going around and they repeating certain shit. I'm like, oh yeah we got us one. Look at all. Look at all 20 of them. They be 20. Look at all 20 of them. Look at they dancing, the hookah going and shit. They fucking with this one. Well hold on. The Hendrick experience don't be like that. They be all four. So all four be popping. We drove two ass. I swear to God. Don't worry, we'll talk after this. You A but you nigga, but you gotta hat 'em, you gotta have 'em vibes man.


So You know that's, that's just me. I can't, You know, certain records. Yeah I don't want nobody in this too, but with it, but what I'm about to get it cracking and make some popping and shit like a used me track me a brown guy. Yeah. Yeah. It, it, it is HOA going on, it's left some shots going on and it is just a vibe. Like which is vibing. No, for Sure. Sure, Definitely appreciation bro. For real. Hell Yes, most definitely. One time make some noise with Bow. Wow. Pulling up to the city one side for us. Come on man. We outside tonight, right? We outside now. Where we at tonight? Be here. We at Moon in Hope though. Are You coming out tonight? Yo ass ain girl. Oh, on camera. Where she at? I think so. You, You, You and me.


That ain't good. That ain't good. You said you had 20 fault you. Nah, but that's me though. That ain't you just there you got part first. A feather flop together. I got you. I got Hey, When a nigga do this And the boys in your life. I like being married. Got a, you got a millennium to her. I'm just, I'm gonna be out. She gonna be out with you too so that we bullshit. We outside tonight. Listen, we appreciate y'all. What so time for Boo smoking? We appreciate y'all for sponsoring Smart Full Good back nine. Appreciate y'all for having this little ad sports for the Love and the black forces.


We about to start up the rest of the time. Gotta enjoy ourselves. Get some drinks. Yeah. Child at the bartenders D-Day string. Let's get it.


Listen, the NBA finals are almost here and every play could lead up to the moment that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly, the action never lets up. And with the DraftKings sports book and the official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that code Club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's called Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen. They admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one Miss anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees


Because the 2025 NBA plows get more exciting. Actually yes, because this year thanks to Dash pass members only deal. When they swoosh you score. Specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any player scores 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use your promo, call Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score sign for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one. Valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Your mental health matters. And there are things that take place every single day that could test those limits. Therapy has evolved. It's not for quote unquote people who are crazy, but for everyday people who could use a little bit of help, like me and you, mental health awareness is growing, but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent survey say they have avoided seeking mental health support due to the fear of judgment. And when you hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect you. It affects our friends and families. This mental health awareness month, let's encourage everyone to take care of the wellbeing and break the stigma. The world is better where people are healthy and happy. I myself can testify and say I have benefited from therapy as well. Sometimes having an extra set of ears can make the world of a difference. And listen, BetterHelp has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapist from a diverse network of over 30,000 likes and professionals. In addition, BetterHelp is fully online, convenient, also affordable, serving over 5 million people worldwide. And listen, if you give it a try and you and your therapist are involved the right way, we can get you with the right professional and no extra cost. We're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash club to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp htlp.com/club.


Who was your best point guard matchup? John Stockton, by far. He was just a little bit more crafty. Everybody thought he was dirty, but we was just stupid. We just didn't know how to play. I it, it took me six years to figuring him out and then when I figured him out, when we beat him in the West Compton finals, I figured him out. Yeah, I figured out I can't keep doing the same thing I do with him and try to over match him. I gotta play the same way he played and I gotta just, every time I pound him he'll fall and take a charge. Then I start saying, nah. I know he gonna hit out. He gonna think I'm gonna hit him twice, but I'm gonna hit him one time and I'm gonna step off and then shoots a jumper in his face and do everything and then face him up and go around him.


He couldn't deal with me that day. And then when I figured him out, it was a little bit different. And then, You know, like everybody know today I idolize him a lot. You know what I'm saying? He's like one of my best friends and You know, and it, it was just, I I I really love playing against players like that, You know what I'm saying? Because it got me more of a IQ of the game. Yeah. I and I, John Stock and Tim Hardaway, Kevin Johnson, rod Strickland, rod Strickland, Mooky Blaylock, people like that I wanted to play against man, You know what I'm saying? Because they gave me more game and made me more of a better basketball player. Nah, for sure, for sure. We gotta talk about Oakland.


Oh yo. Like we said my hood. Yeah. The big Leo, You Know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's a lot of talented point guards come outta Oakland. Obviously y'all had a conversation recently on another podcast and y'all was talking about top guards in Oakland. Yeah. And we brung up Dame Lillard, Jason Kidd. And you and I went with Dame. That's my, that's my class. That's the guys I grew up playing against. I think Simba said Simba. Simba might've brought Up. He said J Kid. He said J said J Kid. He said J Kid. Yeah. And everybody else says you Right. And I seen what you said, your response.


I love for you to elaborate a little more on your response. It made sense to me. I I get it because he the OG and the shit. Nah, but when you, when you really start, 'cause obviously y'all Dame my guy, You know Dame, that's, that's our guy. But yeah, when you start break it down, like hold on, I average 20 points as simple was over there sitting like Yeah because people forget any high you score bro. Yeah. What you said people forgot how I score people think about my defense. Yep. Y'all gotta understand man, I was scoring like for eight straight years I was scoring over 20 points a game. That's, You feel what I'm saying? And then I was getting down, locking down people and then averaging eight assists in three steals. That's right. Gotta understand that, that, that that's, that's where the way the gang goes and people don't understand.


I scored over like 21,000 points. People forget that Shit. Yeah. They over scored. They they over, they they, they, they overlooked that. But what I say is about my, my two youngsters, right? Yeah. Jay, I raised him, You know what I'm saying? Y'all gotta understand Jay didn't start scoring until the end of his years of his career. Right. So if we break it down, Jay is a better passer than me. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. Defender, he is not, You know what I'm saying, score. He is not. But he's a great IQ guy. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Dame is my youngster, You know what I'm saying? We can't put Dame in that situation right now because he's not fulfilled with all his things that he's done. Yeah. But he's made his mark on the NBA as that shooting and scoring and stuff.


Yeah. But game is a little bit different to point Guard than us. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because this era came a little different. Yeah. Facts. It's about scoring here now. It's not about passing the ball, getting other people to enter the game. Jason was a better rebounder than both of us. Right. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. So it's a little bit different than what we do Dame and still the ball. Like we stole the ball. You feel what I'm saying? That's a, that's a big fact. So it's it's it's a little different than what we're talking about eras. Yeah. It's a era thing. Yeah. I get it. Everybody has their opinion about a lot of stuff, but I just say where they from Yeah. From Oakland. You feel what I'm saying? For sure. And we, we breed that. And that's just the way we're different.


I'm the og You know what I'm saying? So we we did a little different, you guys didn't watch me as much. Yeah. But You know who I am. You know what what I'm saying, y'all watch me as much. No, we, Yeah, we Watch. It'll be like that. But it was like you talking about overall era. Your era is like you say I'm Dame is your, I feel like I say because I played, I played played Against me Pride. And I understand that. And I always tell people it's about a era what y'all did. That's why I I don't like people to ask me about a goat. Yeah. Because a goat ain't gonna work for me. Okay. 'cause y'all didn't play the same time as each other facts.


So I can't tell you about a goat. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. All of us was good. You feel what I'm saying? I like that. So you just think about stats. That's why people go with, with a goat. They think about stats. They say, oh, he won this many, he won that many. But did he play against him? Did he get down at him like that? Yeah. No they didn't then Too many plague against Larry by one of the coldest little motherfuckers I ever seen Come, Come on Indiana spins baby. What, what what you talking about? You know what I'm saying? So I'm just saying man, You know, we didn't play against Wil Chamberlain and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar who couldn't stop Scott Hook and, and and and and and Will Chamberlain everybody breaking Will Chamberlain's records. Yeah. Feel me? Yeah. They breaking all his records and they go about, well he was in CE whatever.


Well he was 22, 21 still was the same. You know what I'm saying? So we don't do goats here, man. I don't, You know what I'm saying? I don't do goats. So, but the but the point guard thing in Oakland, them three was pretty good. We, us three was pretty damn Goodall. Best point guard ever played Basketball. And we, and, and two of us is in the hall of Fame and top 75. Yo Dame is already on the top seven, five. He's gonna be in the hall of Fame. Yeah. We're doing the thing. You know, Dame might be, might score more points than both of us, but it, it is what it is. You know what I'm saying? Yep. And I think when they go to New York and say that stuff about the point gods, You know, we got the point Gods over here in the, and in the Bay and it west too.


I Don't think it's another, I don't it's a trio like that La La got some point goals to all top 75 Baron Davison. But I'm saying they all top 75 James, the two made the top 75 BD is, is my, is my youngster. He nice but he, if he wouldn't have got hurt, that's a fire colder would've. You know what I'm saying? But if we'd all three, if we'd have played them three would've been a battle. Yes. You know, understand. But y'all gotta understand though, Paul Pierce is from Oakland, California too. He was born in Oakland, California. He moved in LA Okay. So we got another toxic. Yeah. Paul. Yeah. Paul, You know I Paul p up around, around the corner from me.


I grew up when his brother and him, oh he moved from Oakland when he was 11. Thank you can wait Paul. Now on my Yeah. I Tell him he ain't no, he don't like, he don't like he ain't no la boy. He grew up, he born, he's born over when he was 11. So let, let, Let me, let me break it down with Y'all. That's the way The game go you feel? I So Yeah. So we got a lot of top 70 fives and Hall of Famous, You know what I'm saying? Game. So You was the OG who like showed you the way coming up in Oakland. Like who put the ball in your hands? My daddy. Really? Man. For real you guys my daddy coach.


Everybody. We talking about everybody. Every one of these guys. You, you y'all, y'all we talking about my daddy coached and touched hands on him. Yeah. So they brought me into that. I really, I really idolized George Gervin who is my stepdad now. Like my step pops did now. But I was coming up in the hood in Oakland. My daddy was the one who put hands on me and touched me. You know. And then he touched a lot of them. I mean Coach Jay, You know Dame came a little too later because he was in the later era. But he played against my daddy and my daddy's teens and stuff like that. Yeah. That was it. You know, you, you gotta understand we had BI Shaw. He had Antonio Davis. Yeah. Greg Falls ad we had all them.


Cliff Robinson had a lot of players. Y'all forgot Bill Russell was from Oakland. Paul Solids is from Oakland rp. We done had a lot of basketball players. You know what I'm saying? You know the dope part about that is that's kind of like how his pops is. Yeah. Coach te in the city. Yeah bro. Everybody Heard this system. Yeah. I heard about his dad a lot man. He reminds me of my dad a lot. Your dad reminds me of my dad a lot. Coach everybody man. Literally coach. Coach everybody. Coach everybody. The nigga or something. And my daddy did The same thing. So my, but You know it wasn't just about basketball. My pops, my pops used to go around the schools and he see dudes shooting dice over there.


They used to say, oh go that go. My daddy's that go that go Mr. P White. White Escalade or whatever. Whatever. Yeah man, let's jump over the fence and get up outta here Back. Yeah. Because he gonna get at us. You know what I'm saying? My daddy put life in the lock people man. Yeah. He taught them how to cook. He taught 'em how to do other things. And that's what I thought. Yeah. About why I went into coaching now. Yeah. Why I coach the young guys now. 'cause I wanna make 'em Men. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody ain't gonna make it in basketball or a profession. They gotta understand that their life is more, more than sports. Their life is everything. 'cause they're gonna be a parent at one time too. How facts feel me? Yeah. And you gotta raise somebody 100s. What I always tell them and I, that's why I got into coaching because that and I understand that you can't always be who you wanna be.


Yeah. But you can be who you wanna be in a different world in a different aspect. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You could be a, a lawyer or a doctor or whatever and make an impact on anybody's life. Yeah. And we gotta understand that. Yeah. And that's what dope fatigue as well. Big him up. He coach are alma mater. You know what I'm saying? So the impact you have on them kids, not even from a basketball standpoint just to show like, hey you can be something in life Or you can move like you can have these morals. Yeah. And be successful in other avenues is very important because we don't got that much representation in our community. Absolutely. And that's what we gotta always be big on. When my daddy gave it to me, I think God told him to pass it on to me and keep it going. You know what I'm saying? Because we gotta catch these young kids.


'cause his mental health stuff is really killing us right now. Yeah. They don't know how to respond to people and say, yo, I know you helping me, let me let you help me. Let me tell you about my situation because I can get a lot of these kids outta their situations and get 'em into some health programs and do the things that they have to do. But you have to give them some support. Yeah. Because none of them really grew up like that. They only grew up with a mama facts. Me and Jeff grew up with a daddy. Yeah. See our daddy was, was a big partner life. Most of people didn't grow up with a pops like that. So we gotta understand that. And most of my guys who I deal with didn't grow up with daddies like that. They grew up mamas where they can go on the streets and do whatever they wanted to do any time of their life.


And my daddy was there to take, take responsibilities for 'em. So we have to understand that. So we gotta give them that support. Gotta give it tour. That's A most definitely. I definitely wanna ask you too, Sean Kent from our state, he's an Indiana, You know what I mean? Al Court Indiana. Yeah. Indiana. Alt Indiana. Indiana. That's way, nah, for sure. Right. Man. You know. I know. All of us want to ask you man, how was that playing with him man? Like that was crazy scene. That was a crazy Duo on NBA Jams. What? Iconic NBA Jams turned this out. No. Down real shit. Real shit. Hey Listen man, let lemme tell y'all about that.


Everybody talk about this live city. No, no disrespect to CP and them and all that, but we was the first ones with Lobster City. Me and Sean was the first ones to get it like that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Playing with him for seven years was amazing. Me and him are are partners now in the cannabis business and all that stuff. Now I see Sean on a regular basis, man. And playing with him and becoming a friend with him is more important than that. Yeah. That's how a chemistry comes together. Yeah. And that's how we did it. And people just don't understand. I I I, I think, and I, and I always tell Sean this, I said, if we wouldn't have got our ego messed up and his ego messed up, if he would've stayed with me more years, he'd be a hall of Fame by now.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Fast. 'cause we'd have made a bigger dynasty than what we did. We were one of the two one and one of one of the greatest duals you ever play with each other? My mama and what I think, and I'm trying to get him in the hall of Fame now for what he, what he's done with me. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I just think I had a blessing to play with a person Yeah. With that much talent because I can just throw the ball up to him and he would go get it anywhere. But people don't understand how good he was with the basketball and shooting in the mid, in the mid, in the mid range game and his back to the basket. He was a beast. You know what I'm saying? And so people didn't really understand that about how much freak ability he had.


Yeah. Man, you feel what I'm saying? He had a freak ability that nobody really, really knew that he had. But if you see it every time y'all watch our highlights of all our gangs, he, he did some stuff that was so incredible to me, man. I used to be like, wow, You know, I'm playing with this coach, this dude. Oh, We used see them loves you through it. Yeah. Yeah. I used, he used to always tell me, he Used to always tell me, man, give me a challenge today, man. Throw that, throw it somewhere where I don't, you don't think I'm gonna go get it. And I was just throw it up there and he'll go get it. Was that instant chemistry though? It was with him? It was. Yeah. What what happened was in 89 I was in college and he was just coming out. Right. And Sonny's drafted him and they wanted a point guard.


And then Bernie Bickerstaff seen me and he said, I think this is the kid that we gonna get. So he started telling Sean to watch me and Sean started watching me and I was in college. They hit me every now and then. And then they, they didn't have a chance to get at all, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And then all of a sudden they fool around and didn't make the playoffs and then got in the lottery. Yeah. And their balls was a chance of, well Dallas was this year, damn. To get the Cooper flag stuff. Oh shit. Their chances were 12% to get the, the number two pick or the number one pick and they fool around and got the number two pick. Wow. Oh, so you had the script. Okay. And, and I knew I wasn't gonna go no lower than one or two and New Jersey wanted me, but they wanted a point guard and a big man and Derrick Coleman was coming out.


Yeah. And then Kenny Anderson was gonna come out next year. So I went and told 'em, don't draft me. You can get Kenny the next year. So I wanted to go to Seattle. So, and then, oh shit, they drafted Derek Coleman and then I went, I went number two to Seattle. Yeah. So he was a part of the bullshit earlier. Yeah. That shit ain't real bro. Ain't no way. Dallas. Get that peak, man. It happens man. We, Hey man, they, they crucified my boy Miko man. Yeah, man. Because he, he traded Luca man. But then all of a sudden the bad luck went him even worse when they made all the mama all them injuries.


Yeah. Then all of a sudden big bang bang didn't go long. I went into one of them old crazy liquor stones, man. And paid 10 and got a lottery ticket. And I do, I hit, I hit for that billion and, and got the boy got that boy, boy, Man, I listen, that's one of my favorite NBA moments man that they showed that draft room. They Yes. I'm like, they cheated man. Ain't no way it's supposed to happen bro. There's no way bro. Ain't no way. It's supposed to happen man Way. Bing alone. I, I knew he was going to a whack team, a a team that was going be losing. And all of a sudden I said, man, you hit the lottery Man.


What, what you at the lottery and hit the lottery. And then those teams were at the bottom of the lottery. No, he, their chances Were Zero. Oh yeah. No, but not fact. You understand it was at zero point game for Dallas to get that pick Right. You, you understand me? They Went to the finals last year. That wasn't supposed to happen. They was in the finals. They lost to Boston. You feel what I'm saying? So poor Utah, Jay. It is what it is. But You know what I feel for my boy Jay kid as a head coach, I love it. And then I feel for Nico, man. Nico was my rep over at Nike. Yeah. That's like a little brother to me, man. He always looked up to me like that. So I feel for him because what he took, You know what I'm saying?


People don't understand. He's the president in general manager, he can't make them calls on his own in no way. Our owner has to make that call. He can't just say, I'll make the call 'cause he gonna get, he's gonna to get fired. So all you fans out there messing at him like that, get up outta here with that. It wasn't his call man to make that decision. He made a decision on what he was told to do or what it was, it was supposed to be done. And that's what they did. So I'm happy for him. What's going to happen. You get Kyrie back after this injury, man. Yeah. Which he'll probably come back in January or something like that and they'll be rolling. They'll make a, they'll make a thing ad come back. What it is, get all the guys get healthy.


They got win. Because if they whole team Get healthy, then they got, It's gonna be a beast. Yeah. Dallas gonna be a beast. Speaking of the finals, we all watched the last dance. I wanted to ask you on this show, how did it feel knowing you going to the finals against Michael Jordan In 96? That was great, man. You remember I got on, I got on the cover of Sports Illustrate and saying Mission Impossible. I had just won the defensive player of the year, first point guard to ever do it. And it was just something where people didn't know I got hurt. I I tore my cal muscle. Yeah. And I, and I, and I really wouldn't, couldn't move. What I did was I went in there and they found a, a solution. They found a little miracle, miracle thing to do.


It got my leg better. I wrapped it up a little bit and then all of a sudden, You know, it's a miracle. You know what I'm saying? So then I, I started playing and I started feeling better and better and better. Then we got down too much. And then I just started saying, let me guard him. And he was averaging 33 at the time. And then I started making it a pest for him. Jesus Christ. I started making it a pest for him. And then I, I broke it down to 23. And then what coaches do, they knew I started becoming a problem. So they had to make, make to solve the problem. What do you do? You solve the problem. So Jordan was taking it personal with me, which I wanted to happen. And then, You know, Phil Jackson said, nah, let me put so somebody bigger on him and, and distract him and make it a problem for him.


And he put Pippen on me and Pippen is a bigger player than me. He was six seven. He can be, he's mobile. He was. And it was taking a toll on me. Yeah. Took a real toll on me to try to score and guard Jordan at the same time. And he took a toll on me. Yeah. And then by the time the, the sixth game came, we had broke it down to three, two, the six game came on. I, I got a little fatigue, You know what I'm saying? And, and they, and they, and they took us out. You know what I'm saying? It is what it is. It just took us out the game. But it was just good bump like who fans to see that. Like, that's a hell of a matchup. Like to hold your own it against one of the players that we called to go. Like you said, that situation, that's just gotta be dope for you in that moment. Just like I'm here. It's, You know what? It, it was easy for me because of my mindset.


Mm. I thought it was always, I wanted to play against 'em all the time. You remember they were 72 and 10? Yeah. Yeah. We were 64 and 18. Y'all forgot that we were the number two team in the, in the, in the, in the league at the time. And we beat 'em one, we beat 'em out of that one 10 outta that 10. So it was like, I just wanted the competition. Yeah. I just wanted to Yeah. To, to play the best. You know what I'm saying? I, I don't stray away from nobody, man. When I would play, my daddy always told me, man, if your leg ain't broken and ain't off, get on the floor and get it. And that's what I did. I just went and got it and he was always the one to take the competitive to me. I love it. Yeah. Well, how did You respond when you see him laugh?


Like, I know you, I probably, you probably was laughing too. I laughed right back. Yeah. I said it's what I wouldn't even re Jeff, I wouldn't even respected him if he didn't say that. Yeah. I wouldn't even respected him to say anything like that. Less. Yeah, because it's his, his, it is his documentary. Yeah, of course. Yeah. He, I don't care man. We all knew what the game was and how it was. Whoever, whatever is good. We knew what it was. Nah, For Sure man. Listen man, OG, we are honored man. We appreciate you pulling up on us, man. It is been a pleasure. Listen man, we can't wait. You got some things in the works, man. We can't wait to see if that happens, man. We ain't gonna say too much. You know what I'm saying? Yes sir. You know I got, I got it all getting it man. You know what I'm saying?


I'm gonna get it man. Anytime y'all want me on this five CL 20 club. I'm with y'all man. Do club five 20, man. Yeah, y'all doing a great job. I told you I respect y'all to the fullest man. This is what I want. See and, and young guys like y'all man. Get it. I appreciate that. Do what y'all want do man. And then always man, set a mark for yourself man. Yes sir. Always when you lead. So especially with you Jeff, you playing the league. Do your thing man. Keep doing this with your boys. Hook it up man. Do it anytime y'all need me. Holla Covered it. That Boost Mobile Club five 20. We out. We out. Appreciate it. The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone, or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hess hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human, that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. HEL p.com.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business. Chase for Business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chasin Company.


Add dry eye relief to your routine with refresh Optive mega three, A lubricating eye drop with a moisture rich preservative free formula enhanced with inactive ingredients like flaxseed oil and antioxidants. This formula supports all three tear film layers and provides advanced hydration to instantly moisturize and soothe dry eyes. Refresh Optive mega three is safe to use as often as needed so you can make it part of your wellness routine. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop section at all major retailers, FSA and HSA eligible.


You're listening to an iHeart podcast.