
Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes Unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best Describes the Jets season? Look no Further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast, featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista, and NFO Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, the 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 and bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch Right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off. Download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Shay Ocho. Love y'all. I struggle finding a woman through social media. Has it work? Should I just focus on myself and let one come to me? Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. How you struggling finding a woman on social media? Yeah. What? I wanna know one, You can go outside. You can find 'em there. You can find 'em on social media. You could find women at church. You can find women at the library. You can find women at the gas station. There's so many places you can find. I ain't gonna Find when the library, because I ain't go. Huh? You can't go the library? Hell no. Okay. What I'm talking about buddy, buddy buddy. Women's everywhere but one you got. It's, it's so easy to find. But it's all about staying within your lane. Stay within your salary cap. Yeah. Stay within your financial lane and you'll be fine.


All these women on social media, those are what I like to call salary cap casualties. You don't want the problems. You wanna stay within and under the cap sometimes below the cap. Right now the Bengals are $84 million below the cap. Sometimes you gotta go that route to have an efficient team. Oh. You know you Joe Burrow. Get Your one. Oh, get your one that just got released. Yeah. Right there. Catch get you one that's vulnerable. Yeah. Get you one. Just Get you one. That's vulnerable, dude. Just left crying. And listen. You ain't gotta go for no 10. You don't need a 10. You don't need a 10. You know what you need. We need a six. That when she get dressed up, she's a seven and a half or eight.


That's all you need. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's all you need. Get your six when she just, you know, chilling. But when she put her clothes on, she about a seven, eight and a half. Boom. You set, you set you. You ain't gotta, you ain't gotta worry about it. Everybody trying to holler. I mean, everybody's trying to holler. No six. You comfortable you. That's a lie. It all depends. Yeah. It all depends. Ocho, I can go get a, I guarantee I can go get a woman right now. 500 pounds. Yeah. And the mere fact, Shannon, Sharpe with somebody else gonna want her. There ain't nobody thinking about her. That's how it operate. Talk shit about you. Think about you think about this. And I, and I tell the story all the time. My first college girlfriend. Yes sir. I watched the walk across the yard. Yes, sir. I told my college roommate at the time.


I said, that's gonna be my girlfriend. I'm just gonna see how it play out. She walked across from the, from the hall all the way back to Lockett. She walked out with, ain't nobody said a word. Right. I saw I was, I was standing, I was standing standing in the hall, in the bathroom. And I saw her, I ran out there, said, Hey, what's your name? Yeah. She say such and such. I ain't gonna call her name, but anybody Nah, Say the name. Say the name. Huh? Anybody that, anybody that witnessed Savannah State, they know exactly who I'm talking about. Tasha. Okay, go ahead. No, I said, what's your name? She say, my name is such and such. But everybody called me this. I said, okay. Oh. I said, what you want me to call you? She said, you can call me my nickname. I said, okay. I said, you dating anybody? She said, no.


She said, I'm just, you know, here to, you know, get my, get my, you know, I wanna go to school, I wanna graduate. You know, we started talking. She said, I got a son. I said, okay. They ain't got no problem. Okay. Yeah. I said, you know, hey, if IF with you, I got a son too. You know, I, I'm like that. Yeah. I, I'm, I'm, I'm bout it Aint you in the door? You in the, that One. Oh, she, hey, she fine. She in the door. So I'm, I'm saying, hey, ain't nobody, I ain't nobody said nothing. I walked by in the hall. Ain't nobody said a word to her. So the next day, yeah, I see. In the hall. I see in the hall. So, you know, we start talking. I walk of the class. Oh wait, did you carry a books? I ain't carry a book. Ocho.


I walk the class. I see a, I see her walking to the cafeteria, guys hanging on like a, like a lion on a wildebeest. Goddamn. Ain't nobody thought about it until I, they saw, till they saw Shay shot with him. Yeah. I say y even some of my teammates, What them boy tried to double. They tried to back, don't you? Everybody wanted what Oshaa had they Tried to back don? You boy Ocho you have what? You have to understand. I'm big do Yeah. I'm, I'm the HN out on the campus. Yeah. I got a, I got a 300 ZI got a brother in the NFL.


Yeah. I'm wearing polo. I'm wearing eyes outta, I'm wearing Lee jeans. Yeah, you're that boy. Yeah. So everybody trying to beat my time. Right. But you know, I, I was us saying boat. I laid a blistering time down. They couldn't touch me. Yeah. Yes sir. Totally. And then, you know, I say, come on man. So this is what I found out. The moment they found out. They didn't, ain't nobody talked to her. I watched her. Yeah. I, I hustler from the day I saw her, I started eye hustling. I said, God Dang man. Well, maybe everybody was scared to say something, but when they saw they Were scared. So all of a sudden, now you, now, now they got courage. Now they got confidence.


Right. Nah, but that's okay. I said, okay. Hey, so you know what I did ocho? I said, Hey, why won't you come to the game? Mm. She said I was, wait, did you give, did you give it your jersey though? Nah. You, hell Samantha said, we have no, we have no, no, no. I said, come to the game. I said, Hey, I put on a mofo show. Yeah. You'll put On a mofo show. I put on a show. Yeah. Let's go. So, so homecoming rolled around. Yeah. I said, my mom coming, my sister, because by that time we had started dating. So I had to Hold on. What she gotta meet mama. She gotta meet my mom now.


Oh. What This Shit serious. Now I gotta Stand up my mom at, at this point in time, my mom had never seen me play. Right. So I go tell coach. I say, Hey coach, my mom coming anytime, blah, blah, blah. Now I had done drove in the middle of the night to let my sister see, let my, let my sister meet. That I, because you know, my sister, I, you know, my sister's a good judge. So I'm gonna let whatever Buck say that's, that's, that's kind of my measuring stick. Okay. 'cause she got a good feel. Right. So she's sitting up there. So everybody, so when my mom came, you know, she's sitting next to my mom and my sister. I show my, Ah, let's go Boy. I said, come on with it. I said, come on with it. Yeah.


But, and the thing was Ocho now, prior to that, nobody, I ain't let nobody drive my car. My, I ain't never let nobody drive my car. Right. Right. So we at practice. Wait, you, you let her get the whip Ocho. So check this out. Oh, she said, she said, Let go. So check this out. So we at practice. So she got, I said, can you do me a favor? Yeah. I said, I got some laundry and I, I needed, I needed wash. I needed, can you do it? She's like, yeah. Well, She went to the laundromat for you. Took everything.


Oh. Oh, Ocho, that's the one Ocho, check this out. That's the one. Ocho, you know how you go to the laundry? Yeah. And when you come back, all that stuff all folded and Yeah. She had everything folded like colors, like whites, whites, spikes and darks. If I didn't know better, I thought she worked in, man, she had everything folded. Hey, Hey, that's the one boy. That is the one boy. You gotta go back and get that on, Man. I'm 55. That's the one boy. She had your clothes folded whites, lights and darks. In college. In college.


In college. You Know what that mean? But she has structure. That's what you've been missing. That mean OSHA gave her a mean one the first time. That's what it means. Osha gave her a M1. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Hey listen. I see where you're going. I see where you're going. But I ain't trying, I ain't trying to get in no trouble. I'm more than the doghouse. But I know what you talking about. I know you, Hey, you, you parked that blue diamond? Nah, there wasn't no diamond back then. Back Then. Bull Shay.


Hell went, well now let's go man. Who? Man, please. Oh shit. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that there was a day. Boy, That's a good story. You gotta go find her, man. Ocho, I ain't gonna lie. Ocho, to be able to be between the ages of 19 and 20, 19 and 21, I get $2 million cash money right now. Mm. If I could get, if I could, if I could just be the age 19 or 20, the 19 or 21. With, With what? You know now, with what? I be able to go back, boy.


But you know what? Oh man. Because I'm gonna have to have a friend because I ain't got time to put no legs back together. But I have, have, Yeah. Hey Doc. Oh my God. Bad Ocho boy. Back in the day. I, I listen. I know, I know what you mean. I haven't spent the night at the girl's house in probably 30 years. What? I had a bad situation. Oh. He pulled up on you? He pulled up on you. Oh, you put Unc. You pulled that scrap out, out. I Had, oh no.


I had two situations. Check this out. I had just, I had just got drafted. Yes, sir. This was in, this was in May of 1990. Yeah. And I called a, a, a young lady that I used to mess. I used to talk to, but I didn't mess with it anymore. So I was coming back from Denver 'cause I was still in school, but I didn't want to drive home in the middle of the night and wake my grandma up because Right. She was going like, think something's wrong. Right. So I was like, I called. I said, Hey, you see anybody? She's like, no, I ain't seeing nobody. I said, I don't wanna wake my grandmother up. I could've just went, I could've went and got a hotel room for 50. Yeah. That's what I should Be doing. But you, you being fast. You were being hot. No. Check this out. Ocho check this out. Yeah.


She say, no, you can come on over. So I go over something. Tells me O Ocho, I got on shorts and a T-shirt. I got a T-shirt. Yeah. And shorts on. Something tells me, keep your stuff on. I ain't, that night, ain't nothing pop on. Right. Ocho you haven't been asleep. You feel like you can't move, but you could hear everything. Right. I felt, I felt like I was dreaming, but I could hear people arguing. Oh. And I'm like, shit, But I can't move ocho. You know? You been like Right, right. Trying to move. I know, I know what you're talking about. Right. After a while, boom, the door flies the hinges. So you gotta understand Ocho your boy, your boy about to be 22.


So I'm, Hey, you know what I'm saying? Ocho. So your boy. So I'm ready. I'm, yeah. Okay. I may contact, Go on. Oh bro. It wouldn't have been good. Ocho What happened? He had a couple of bodies on his resume. Oh, shit. So he recognized who I was. Right. I recognized who he was. Yeah. So he's like, sharp. I said, yeah, man. He said, man, I love, man. Hey, congratulations going to the Bronco, bro. That's live. That's live. He said, man, you Savannah State, bro. I used to tell my home. I used to tell the homies. I said, that boy sharp.


He going to the NFL. I put my shoes on, had my socks on, everything. Got up outta there. Check this out Ocho. I said, God, if you get me out this situation, I'll get back in another one. Yeah. Three years later, I go back to Savannah State Homecoming. I call this chair. I said, what's going on? I said, you know your boy. The same one, the same girl? No. A different one. Different one. No, no different one. Okay. She say, check this out, yo. I said, you know your boy. She said, come on over, come on. I said, okay. Okay. I ride with my homeboy bucket. I said, bucket, turn around. 'cause we had just left campus. I said, turn this thing around. Bucket. He turn around, we pull up. So I said, homeboy, you know, watch homeboy say, Hey, go on.


Go. You no, go on, go on back to homeboy. Yeah. I said, all right. So he get Jet Magazine. So, you know, I got a roll on. I got what chain? 84. So, you know, you know, she's like, so, you know, you born good. I I'm feeling good. I feeling good, don't you? I'm feeling good. Yeah. So by two, okay. I got my, I got my shirt. I, I took my shirt off. I see the door handle turning. I'm like, what the, what the hell am my homeboy thinking? Dude came in that thing with the AK and the, with the ak. Now mind you, she done undressed.


I just got my shorts on. So I done just came up like my T-shirt and took my jewelry off my rollie my chain. So he look at me, I look at him, I say, this your people, my man. He's like, yeah. I said, okay, my bad. Guess what he asked me? He said, my man, you sharp. I said, yeah. He said, I thought so. So I look out in the hallway. Yeah. His homeboy got the shot, saw off my homeboy sitting on the couch because I know my homeboy would've alerted me. But he got the assault off on him. Duke got the A can meet. Yeah. Didn't, didn't say nothing. Okay. Okay. So I get my stuff. I say, my bad, bro.


I say, I ain't know. I say, you know me, I don't know who you are. My bad. Right. I fault I'm wrong. So I get my necklace. I'm sure, I'm sure. Yeah. So I leave and I'm thinking like, oh shit. I said, homeboy, I left my rollie in there. He said, man, FI said, man, you better turn this MoCo around. I'm going to get my joint. You went and got it. Did I? Boy, that was 50 bands. Why did I, Hey, I said, my man, my roll on the dresser. He said, there you go, my man. I got it. I said, Never again.


So that's why it's been 30 years. Huh? I, I can't, I can't, I can't Sleep. I I know. Listen, I, I, Hey, for the longest time, Yeah. I would not go to a female's house without that thing on the table. Right, right, right, right, right, right. So I say, you know what, just let me just look. I feel comfortable my own home, or we gonna meet in a neutral place. Right. I said, but I can't. I said, I can't risk it anymore. Yeah. I said, because somebody's gonna, because they gonna recognize who I am, and they gonna think because I who I am, I think I can run rough shot over them. I said, it ain't even worth it, Ocho. Right. I said, but I said, you got me outta that one. Yeah. Ain't ain't close My eyes at another, ain't close my eyes at another female's house.


That was it. The, the dude walked in on us in 93. Ooh, That's it. So 30 years. And listen, I, I, I've never, I don't, I don't have a story of that magnitude, A story that great. I never had that problem. I rarely, rarely ever go to people's houses, especially spending the night, because I gotta be able, I, I gotta be able to play my video game. So I I'm not staying at your house. But, God. But that was a good story, boy, man. And the funny, the funny, the funny thing about that story is that happened to a lot of dudes. But the outcome isn't as gracious as yours was, Isn't Gracious as yours was, I believe, had he not known who I was. Now I do. I a I did another story.


I was at my, I had a SL in 92, and I was in Savannah. So, you know, you used to have an old payphone. Right. And, and you know, back then they didn't have no g no GPS. You could punch it in and pull it up. Yeah. So the, so she told me the address, and I, I, I drove, I said, damn. So I'm not even thinking I'm in, I'm on 37th and bull. If you from Savannah, you know exactly what I'm talking about. And I pull in the parking lot. Shaw had a car wash. So I pull up there and the dude run up on me. He said, you know what it is? I said, my man, everything I got is in. Hey. So my wallet's in the car. Everything I got is in the car. He say sharp. I said, yeah, my man.


Hey. He said, he say, bro, you in the league, you better get a cell phone. Get outta here. Right. You ain't gotta tell me no more. Hey. But I still made that call and went to short his house. I did do that. Hey, hey bro, I gotta finish your call, bro. You, you Ain't, you ain't, you ain't past that up, huh? No, no, no, no, No. Babe, you shot down. Man, listen. But there's, I I, I got, I got some good stories, man. But nothing, nothing, nothing like that. Will I told you on your boy was hell, Well, danger boy, you boy, you tripping. You Tripping. Oh, Joe, well you tripping. All they do is just tell me they had somebody and I would've never stepped foot.


Man. You know, I wouldn't disrespect age. Listen, women, I don't, I don't, I don't think women never tell the truth. And, and listen, and you just got to the league too. You think they finna ruin that opportunity and that chance? Yeah. Shit. Ruin. Please ruin it. I'll thank, I'll thank you. Later. Ruin my chances. I thank you later. But, but I, what about story? And from time to time, I'm, I'm gonna share a few stories with you because I got a bunch of them over my 55 Years. Yeah. I, I, I got, I got, I got some good ones. I just, just not, not like that though. Alright. Ocho that was in the, that was in the early nineties. I met this chick.


Okay. At bl. Wait a minute, what's her name? Now give us a full story. At Black College Beach week. She was fine. Woo. She was fine. She probably, probably one 20. She was petite, but she had beat natural boobs, nice hair. Yeah. You know, so it was a bunch of us And. we were playing this game called questions. You ask somebody a question and they gotta answer with a question or they have to take a drink. So if I ask you your name, you can't say Ocho. Right. You gotta ask where you from, or do you have a car?


How old are you? So every time somebody asks you a question, you can't answer it. Right. You have to respond with a question. So we playing the game, but I noticed Right. You know, it's some other heavyweights in the room. So I Right, Right, right, right. She keep asking me questions. Now, we met them at the gas station. They was getting gas. Me and me and my other partners, we were, you know, and so, you know, I, I jump out the car. We got some other heavyweights from other NFL players. Come see your boy. Yeah. Yeah. I like, okay. But now, you know, you saw how you bought, I posted a picture back when the back to 35 years ago. Yeah. Well, you saw, you seen what I'm talking about now You, you Yeah. You rock O Joe.


Now remember now, I told you I was hell when I was Well, but anyway, you know what I'm saying? So mind you, this April, so I've been working out. So you know your boy choke sick? Yeah. Yeah. You, yeah, you right. You like a Trump tax return. You know what I'm talking about O Joe. Yeah. You born retreated. You born retreated. Yeah. So, you know, we talk. Okay. You know, we exchanged information because this was like a Saturday. I'm leaving to go back. Right. Excuse me, I'm leaving to go back to Savannah Sunday. We exchanged information. We talking, you know, Hey, you got somebody? No, I done broke up, blah, blah, blah. I ain't got nobody. Right, Right. I said, okay, cool.


I said, man. So my brother said, Hey bro, I need you. I'm having a get together. I need you to come. I said, okay, no problem. I said, look, yeah, I'm gonna bring you to my brother's place in South Carolina. She's like, okay, cool. We come have a good old time. You know, my brother have a pool party, you know, cooking sp Yeah. And everything. We having a good old time, you know, whoop woo woo. I said, okay. I kind like this mofo nice. Ooh, had a great time. When I say great, great, great, great, great. I'm talking about the tiger. Yeah, great. You know what I'm talking about. But anyway, so now it's my turn to return to flavor. I'm going to her.


Mm. I get down there, she picks me up and say, we gotta go by the hospital. I said, what? We gotta Wait, what state? What state we in, in? Hold on, We in Florida? Yeah. Oh, Miami. Nope. Nope. As a matter of fact, I can't tell you because people gonna try to pinpoint everything. And I ain't gonna tell you. But anyway, Okay, okay. Okay. Go ahead. Go ahead, go ahead. She Picked me up at the airport. She said, we gotta go by the hospital. I said, why we gotta go by the hospital? She said, my sister is about to have a baby. Boom. No problem. We go by the hospital by the time we get there. Yeah. Sister had the baby. I was like, I, I don't, I never met your sister. She said, no, she wanna meet you. So I go in there, I meet the sister, meet the ba meet her husband.


Right. Meet the baby. To the day that she remembered me. 'cause I, we know we were cool, you know, but anyway. Right, right, right. So I'm like, so go get a hotel now. Mind you, I'm in the state of Florida big. And it's a big city, remember? Yeah. She told me she ain't got nobody. I take her at her word. So I'm laying, you know, you know your boy laying on that thing on a Friday night, you know, you know. Done, did that went by. You know, that went about five rounds. You know your boy young, then your boy 5, 5, 5. Damn. I got five on it. You know what I'm saying? Don't you?


So Five, Five, Like, hold on. You did, you did like five, like in three minute intervals. Like, like me or you went like five once. But I'm saying no, that whole, that, that whole day was five rounds. Because once we went and saw her, so. Okay, okay. You know, we got a couple of rounds in, took a nap. Okay. Got up, got another, got another, you know, went got something to eat, came back. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, so, you know we got up the next morning. Yeah. I was like, okay. Hey, let's go get some breakfast. Every window in the car bused out every tire flat.


Her boyfriend done found out what hotel we at and did that to the car. Who car was it? It was hers. Wait, she had a boyfriend. You see, you see what I'm talking about, man. And he done put it on flat every window. If he was not there when you, he wasn't, If I've thought about that helped him, because that was a, that was some garden tool stuff that you did. Real dudes don't do no stuff like that. Yeah. Real dudes don't do that. But you gotta stay in your place. If she lied, if she lied, I Ain't, nah, nah, nah.


No. She ain't got nobody. That ain't your fight. That ain't your No Don, She, she put you, she put you in harm's way. Huh? I don't know what it is. O So now she put, I gotta come. Who, who you think gotta repair everything? I hope you ain't paid For it. I paid for everything. Ojo Shit. Me, boy, you, you are a better man than me. For one. I'm thinking about what if it didn't go that way? What if it didn't go to, what if he flattened the tires? What if he waiting on you outside and you have a situation like you had before when Buddy pulled out that goddamn gun? There have been many instances with, with, with fellas like this, where women have lied saying they ain't got nobody.


Sometimes some of those fellas aren't even here to tell their story. I Don't know what you want me to tell Ocho Jealousy there Was crazy. It was, it coulda. It ain't Ain't no, ain't no telling. Well, look, she say she didn't have a boyfriend be Now I later found out she had broken up with the guy for like a week or like A week. That ain't no Breakup. I'm just telling still, because, you know, I read a couple of the messages and you know, I couldn't believe you did this to me and all that kind of stuff because I said, you put me in harm's way. Right. I just said the exact same thing. Yeah. I said, you know who I'm, yeah. And at this time, Ocho, I've just started to become Shannon. Sharpe. I said, you put me in harm's way. Right. Right. I said, this thing could have been a lot of, I said, this thing could have been a lot of different ways.


So I was like, look, all you had to do is say, Shannon, I've just broke up with my boyfriend within a month or something like that. 'cause I still now Yeah. Gimme an opportunity. I'm probably still because make a decision. Like I said, Ocho, that time I was living, you know what I'm saying, Ocho I was living, living. Yeah. Yeah. I was living, living this joking done. Put every dumb bust out. All I, this was before Jasmine Sullivan came and bust the windows out your car. I bust the windows. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Don't yo Out your Yeah. You, you gotta be careful. You remember just, just last year, remember the, the situation with a young bull, rest in peace, trouble, you know, rapper trouble, you know, from, from Atlanta.


Yes. At the girl house. The ex come over out the Blue ocho. He emotionally, he emotionally unstable. Not trouble aint him Ocho, But Ocho you gotta the hotel. I wasn't at her house. Wait, how, how you even found out where she Was at? I have no idea. Do you know the, the effort that he had to put in, because I guess he, he done rode by, had to ride because she had the time she lived with her sister, she, he had to have rode by there and didn't see the car. Now, normally we're creatures of habit. Right. Right, Right. Okay. He rolled robot. He know sister was pregnant, crying at the hospital.


Okay. It's not at the house. Where could she be? Maybe, maybe she gave him signs that she started acting for. I don't know Ocho, but I'm just telling you. Right, right, Right, right. Yeah. You gotta pay attention to the signs. And now the signs of everything. Now he make me want, I want to even, I want more now. Now you can't get a back. Right. You not finna get a back. Right. If you thought about you could, it's over for you, clown. And now that I think about it, you had to be in a small city. You had to be in a smaller city in Florida. You know why you, you know why I say that? Because he had, I was in Tampa, Go to the park.


Okay. So stay with me now. Yeah. Stay with me. He had to go to all the hotels in the surrounding area and check the parking lot looking for her car. He did. And that's exactly how he found. Yeah. Found y'all to the Wonder Damn Apple tag back then. No. Yeah. Yeah. That, that's what he did. Oh. He went through a lot too. Unc. So that mean he was mad. He was mad. He had to waste all the, to find that car. That's, that's that, that's that there. Yeah. It still, it's still fresh a week. Even even a month like that, that Ain't enough time. We went to, we went to a black college beach, Daytona Black College Beach Week. And then if you Right, right, right. You went to a black college or you know, anything about Daytona.


So it was like, it was like the first or second week in April. She came to my brother's place in May. Right. And I went down to her in June. So it happened very rapidly. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I, but I don't, I don't, I'm like, bro, that's, that's crazy. So now I can't let, I can't let him win. Right. You was younger. I was young. Yeah, you was younger than right. I was probably, yeah. And 23, 24. And, and you know, and you know how it is at that age when you're in your twenties and when you're in your twenties and you're dealing with somebody and that person becomes a part of your everyday routine. Yeah.


Because you don't have that much going on at that age. Right. For men or fellas. It's even that much harder to let go. It's even that much harder to let go. The less you have going on, the more your life is about the individual you're dealing with. Yeah. And the thing is, so oh, when things came, that was the first, as a matter of fact, that was the first time that I was, I'm talking about like, I'm talking about, I'm talking. I ain't got, I ain't, I ain't talking to nobody. I'm talking about I'm Scott free. Yeah. So you were good. You was Yes. Yes. Yeah. But they see, she didn't give you the same respect because things could have gone left.


Yeah. The only thing, probably real quick, I probably wouldn't have went down there if I knew she had somebody. Right. I'd have still made, okay, you gotta come. You gotta come to me. You gotta come to me. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's that, that's my safety. And keep that situation from happening.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show now. You're on it. How does it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I loved this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast Every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Ocho. I don't know what it is, man. I and people talking about man, bro Ocho, I ain't gonna lie. My grandma. Yeah. And my sister done stand some prayers for me because ain't no weight, bro. If you actually knew a lot of the stuff, let Ocho I guarantee you I could write a book and y'all would. And y'all like, man, Unc lying. Yeah. You wouldn't believe that the stories, huh? Because people don't believe that the dude walked in on the chopper. I could get my homeboy bucket and he'll tell you verbatim what I'm said. And when I was asleep and I thought I, I had sleep paralysis, I'm just, I could hear voices and dude kick the door off the hinges.


But this happened to me. Hey, that sound like some, that sound like some shit. I Ocho this the, I mean flattening the tires and busted out the windows. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie, Ocho that to happened to me by five times. Damn. Five, Five Unc. You gotta stop, stop messing with people with, How about you tell me you got a boyfriend? Or how about you tell me you got a crazy ex-husband? I don't ocho I'm taking people at they word ocho. I ain't doing no background. You can't do that. Nah, I'm gonna background check your as. You know, women don't tell the truth. They tell little white lies. It don't never be the full truth.


The truth. It they, the women will tell you 65, 70% of the truth. I'm and the other 30% I'm Running background trick on everybody. Ocho the chat disagrees with, would you pay to fix her car? 17%? Yeah. I got a 83% say, nah. Unc tripping. Yeah. Shit, I wouldn't, I wasn't paying pay for who? Pay for what? No sir. No sirree, no listen thing coulda went south. You know I could have been out there, we could have been in the car. I could have been, ain't no telling Woody would've done. And you think I'm finna pay for that? Yeah. And you done put me in arm's way by telling me a little white lie instead of telling me the truth. No, sir.


Matter of fact, I'm surprised you kept dealing with it after that. I Did. Oh, come on, on, man. You were bad. Bad Ocho. Hey Ocho. She was bad. Oh bad. O She. wasn wasn't that bad. O ocho. If, If she was that bad, if she was that bad, y'all would still be friends. Huh? If she was that bad, y'all still be friends to this. Okay. My bad. My bad. Oh, that's why you ain't even wanna say his name. Okay. My bad. Ocho, it happened to me one time. And, we walk out in the, now hold, check this out. Ocho back. I go, I go by alias so I don't put my real name down.


Yes, Tell. Okay. Okay. I do. Same thing, dude. Done drove around, flattened all the tires, busted windows out Again. Oh, well you, well you Got bad. Oh, check this out. Ocho dude, bamming on the door. How you know what room you was in Then? I told him at the front desk. Oh, that's Cardinal. That's Cardinal Wood. I shoulda sued that Job at a hotel. You never give anybody The room. No Ocho. So I'm looking at her, I was like, oh boy, outside. She said, let's go. Go Where? She said let's go.


I said, Hey. Okay. So we walk out. Oh, I can't believe you do this to me. I thought you and me was cool Ocho. So I'm walking Ocho like, remember now this probably like May. Yeah. Now you know I'm pri so you know how I'm built. I just, Hey, it's May. Right? I've been working out three months. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So you ready? You ready? I gave oh boy a look. Yeah. This ain't what you want now. She said, by the time I get to my mama's house Right.


And I get back 'cause I'm going to eat brunch with him. Right. My car better be fixed. Oh, But who But who? She, she she talking like she Gelle de Blanco. When we got back from brunch, car was parked in her mama's driveway and everything was done. Boy, who was you dating? Boy, who was she? So y'all understand y'all talking about Yeah, Unc been in some trauma. Unc been in some trauma. So excuse me if Unc ain't the most trusted because they had uncle about me.


Hey, you got you. You got, you can't, you can't be listening to him like that. Man. You gotta do your homework man. Man. Oh, oh, You got and all, I had one. You look At, I had a chick, man, I was talking to this chick And. we were cool. Yeah. She was fine. And I don't know what I said. Yes sir. Ocho, she went up under a pillar. What she had? She put it to your, to your five Ocho. What you Did wrong, boy, you had, you, you had, You had you on the phone, huh?


I probably ocho God on the truth. I probably should have been, I probably should have been. Like I said, my grandma and sister, I probably should have been dead about six times. Oh boy. Ocho, we was having ocho, we was having a good time. We were just joking. And I don't even remember what I said. Right, what you Said. I don't even remember because all I remember is that she went up on the pillow. Yeah. And she put that chrome 45 to my head. And she, You know what that me of, She, she had no, she had a real thing.


Oh man. Unc man, you tripping man. She say check this out Joe book. She said, Ian oughta kill you. Mm. Because you been, she said you been effing playing with me all this time. Oh, Unc, you had you a crazy one. Huh? I'm gonna let you get your issue and you getting out my effing house. Don't call me, don't write me. I got my stuff. Did you, did you call, did you call her back? Hell no. She said don't call her.


But did you at least apologize? I don't even know what I did. So check this out, Ocho all You knew What you At Ocho? Ocho? I swear I don't to this day. Damn. So This had to be, this is like early two thousands. 12, 13 years later. Phone ring. Yeah. I'm sorry. I Said, who is this? She said, I'm sorry I say this. She said, yeah. She said I was wrong. She said, I was just having a bad day. It wasn't nothing Now bad, bad, bad day.


You pull a gun out on me and you having a bad day and you, you having a bad day and you pull a gun, you put a gun to my head that could have went off. But you having a bad day. She like, Hey, that was her reach. She said, Hey. She say, you've been good. She said, you've been good to me. She say, Shannon, we been, she say we've been cool for this. So this, this was like, we had been, we had been like fooling around for a minute. For like, like a decade, right? Yeah. And this happened. Yeah. So she, she did that. I ain't hear from her for like a minute.


Popped up, she apologized. Guess what I do. Don't tell me you went right back. I went To see her at work, Man. I'm, I'm gone man. She put a gun to your head man. God. She didn't mean to, she didn't mean to Come on man. Hey, hey. The fact that you've been able to main a court remain a cordial relationship with people that you've dated and been intimate with, even after the fact is very commendable.


Very, very, very commendable. 'cause most of the time, you know, things always end on bad terms and there is no, you know, being friends once you cross a certain Threshold. It took me a while to get to that OCHO though. It, it took me a while. It took me a while because I was allowing these women to hold my feelings hostage. They were gone on with their lives, but I was in bondage. Right. So I said, I am not going to allow you to hold my feelings hostage. I refuse to be in bondage. Right. So I had to forgive them. And yet it, it took me a while because some of them did some things they didn't have to do. You could have just, I tell people all the time, mocho, I don't have bars on my house.


So it's not to keep you in or out. You walk in the door, I'll allow you to walk out. Mm, Yeah. Boy. And So for me it took, it took me a while. It took me a while. Yeah. I've had situations but I've al because I believe Ocho that I'm always gonna come out on the, the winning side. And so when they've done things to me, I was like okay, it is what it is you that you felt that's what you needed to do. But I'm gonna win. Right. I'm gonna win. Yeah. I've had si I've had situations ocho with women that I've dated. They ended up getting married when they going through hard times. Who you think they called? Well Shannon, I'm gonna get a divorce. I said no you're not. I said, you better stay with that man.


I said, you gotta understand how old you think you are. You got two kids, you this age. I said, I'll tell you what I'm gonna do. Yeah. I'm gonna get you a hotel room. You stay there for a week. Y'all figure this ish out. But you don't need to leave him. Right. Yeah. Yeah. And, we, we, we talked, we talked, we talked about it last night. Now he get real. I Said who? I said who you think I said who you think you about to get? Who you think you about to get? You and your, you your damn near 50. Listen, well what reality will hit once you get out there in them street, in them streets and you see what's left over. I said, because y'all have a disagreement.


Oh. He's said something that you didn't like or you don't like. The way he Oh hell no. Y'all better solve that. And as a matter of fact, hey I already got it taken care of. You ain't gotta show nothing. Everything that you need, the room and the incidentals are taken care of. Hey, stay your ass up there. Right, right, right. And make hey, make sure you make the right decision now. Yeah. Yeah. You, you made the that one you gonna look, you gonna be looking back. You gonna be looking back mad The longer come back 10 years later they still married. Thank you. I appreciate that. Look, but you, you, you ought man. Oh. Oh. So the way I look at, look, you and I didn't work out. I don't think you a bad person.


You might have not been right for me. I might have not been right for you, but you might be perfect for someone else. Right. Yeah. Yeah. That's okay Ocho and that's Okay. Sometimes, sometimes that hurts. That's At the end of the day, I want you to be happy. I might not can give you the happiness that you're looking for, but that doesn't mean I don't want you to have it And. if you found it at one point in time, stay there. I say it's easy. I said, damn y'all the minute of heart. I, I thought richness is important. Sickness in the health. And, and, and well damn, that's so y'all just talking up there in front of the man. Huh? Y'all up there in the church and y'all just lying. Yeah, they be. Yeah. Yeah. They, they be ready to go now and just like any, any, the the slightest inconvenience or or things don't go well or, or you do something that don't, don't sit right with 'em.


Yeah. Or be ready to go. They ready to go. Matter of fact. And they ready to go to somebody else that gonna the exact same thing. Yeah. Yeah. But, but you know, you know like my grandma say, my grandma always told me that you don't have to lie to, you don't have to lie to a woman 'cause she like you enough. Yeah. She'll lie to herself for Sure. You don't have to lie to a woman. 'cause if she like you enough, boy, them red flags. Yeah. Like six flags. Yeah. There she going for that ride color blind going for that ride. Yeah. Oh yeah. When it's, when it's convenient based on, Based on opportunity. But I want, I want all the women that I've been with and, and in my time, I want them to find happiness. This wasn't for me. It, you know, we didn't work out.


But if there's anything I could do to help you and, and you're in a situation. I got you. We didn't work for me All I, like I said, and even though sometimes ocho it didn't end on the best note, the best terms. We didn't end on the best terms. That's all right. I mean, I, I I think that that came from my grandmother and, and my sister. Because my sister like, Shannon just pray about it. It's gonna be okay. You still, she's like, yeah, you still my little, she always tells me this when I, every time, every time I've always gone through something, a breakup. She always, she always reminds me who I am. You still Shannon Sharpe. You still my little brother and you going to be okay? Yeah, She's a, she's that calming voice because a lot of time I'm like, hey, yeah, I wanna, I wanna bury it.


If you know what, say Shana, what do you get out of that? Yes. What do you get out of that? Right. I mean, my sister, look, look, lemme tell you what my sister did. I was in a relationship. My sister, Can we get a, can we get a name? Sam Name? Lemme tell you what my sister did. My sister really? Because like ahead. If you call my sister, if you automatically, I would think my sister would take up for me. That ain't what my sister did. Right. Wait when you wrong, you are wrong. Now she gotta hold you accountable. She should leave him. Mm. Because He ain't doing right.


So why you gonna stay? Why are you gonna stay in a situation which you're unhappy? You know, he makes you unhappy. You are not happy, but you're gonna stay. Why leave? And if it's meant, if it's meant to be Convenience, Y'all will be together. You'll come back like a What the hell you doing? What you think? What you think the girl did left. She Didn't leave. Left. What You serious? Yeah. They look back. Oh man, this that's too nice in a row. You done told me somebody left. Man, I don't like that. Now it's Okay.


It's not the end of the world. Ocho, Ocho, I-C-B-S-C, CCBs, cbs, let me go right with me. I went, the undisputed got bigger. Undisputed. Let me go Now look at it. Look at the subs. I got more subs than undisputed. You look at, they look at the talent they got over there. I got, I got, yeah, we got a new podcast. And, we got more subs than everybody they got over there combined. So Uhoh that talk, talk your shit. I'm okay. I'm I'm gonna be okay. I believe in me. I'm always gonna bet on black.


Yeah. So I, I don't, I don't, I don't get, you know when, when something happens, I remember I wanted a situation and my agent said, age. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Next contract. Somebody else will pay for what you lost. Mm. I don't, I like that. I don't, I don't get upset, man. It's not the end of the world. I, I'm strong. I'm, I'm, I'm strong. But hey, I'm born in 68. I came from good stock, not Woodstock. You better understand where I came from and how I came to be. Right. Damn.


What you know Mike? Yeah. You a good dude man. 'cause I'm like, like that, that, that, that's, that's that stuff. Oh man. That's, that's two times. That's two times about, oh, they, Oh that ain't the, that the first time. That ain't the first time. That's not the second time I was dating a, I was dating a female and And we were living together. And when I came home, she was gone. Oh hell. Oh, hell gone. Huh. Huh. Like, that's the type of shit you see. I was, I guess I was living a movie then. Hey. Oh, when that, look, listen, when I tell people I can write a book, y'all think I'm lying.


I know y'all think I'm lying. But that on, man. You came home. You came home like, like on some Gone Girl shit. Like the movie Gone girl. She was gone. Biggie. Big old Biggie. Biggie gone. Bye bye. Birdie Yes off man. Hey, that's slightly disrespectful because if you, if you, if you love me more, Clearly that wasn't the case. Love anymore. I, yeah. Any, anymore. Will you tell me that you, if you check if you've, if you've checked out mentally and you still here physically and you're not feeling the situation we're in, I need you to communicate. Isn't that what women always talk about?


Women are big on communication. Oh sure man. People with the communication. If you ain't, why wait until you leave on some sucker shit and then pack your shit and leave in When when I ain't here and not face, face the wall. Face the wall. Come on now. I mean, oh Joe. Everybody can't handle situations. Like, I don't know how you handle situations, but I can sit down, I can have a conversation. You're not happy. You wanna move on. I'm not happy. I wanna move on. I can have that kind of conversation. But everybody can't have that conversation. Everybody's not built like you and I like, I I can, I can't speak for you. I'm built. I can handle It. Oh, but, but listen, lemme lemme tell you something, lemme tell you how, how, how I feel.


Yeah. And me and you on the same page. I was born in seven, eight. Now I was born in seven, eight. But one thing about it is I'll give my all and do all I can now if you choose to lose, I never see it as a loss. I see it as one less expense. Right. That's it. Because I'm, I'm, I'm doing everything. So now that's somebody else responsibility. If they want to pick up where I left off and do more. Yeah. So be he, yeah, for sure. In good luck we'll be in good luck. But I always, I always see someone actually leaving me. Well, shit, that's better for me. I just think about how much I can save from this point. Yeah. So I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't get upset. I don't fuss and fight.


I want things a certain way. I like people that after you've been with me for a while, you kind of understand my mannerism. Right. You know what I, okay, Shannon don't really wanna talk. Let him be, Shannon won't. Right. Right. Want something like this, or Shannon wants something like that. Let me have this ready for him. I, I want people to like study me and have, without me having to tell you. No, no, no, no, no. I think the best relationships are you've been with someone long enough. You understand. Hey, you, you know what's funny? I like that you just said that. Like, I've been with re like so long now we starting a lookalike. I can start a sentence. I I can start, I can start, I can start a sentence and before I even finish what I'm saying, she finished the damn sentence.


I'm like, but, but can I, and it kind of irked me a little bit. Like, can I get my thoughts out? I, I know, you know, because I'm Yes. I increase your habit, huh? Right. My routine don't change. My routine doesn't change. And the things that I say based on the situation, it never changes as well. So I start saying something and she'll finish it. Whatever it I know. I know, I know. All right. I know. You Know, I wanna say out, say, don't let me, let me say it. Let me finish. So basically it, it's like you, it sound like you irritated because you already know what I'm getting ready to say. And you don't want me to say it, Man. It's small. Yeah, yeah. Small little, small little discrepancy we be having, you know, that, that, that starts to argue. But It, it's gonna happen though, Joe.


There's a woman that recorded herself refusing, refusing to get out of a car because her date took it to the Cheesecake Factory. Whoa. What's wrong with cheesecake? She said it's a chain. So is Maros. So is Del Frisco. Wait, it's a chain. So is what's the, what's that other one? Catch Catch La. That's a chain. Wally's is a chain. Ruth Chris is a chain. Joe Joe's crab shack is a chain. So lemme ask you a question. Have you ever had a situ? What would you do now? I'm, oh, just Ocho You drive up, you pull up and she's like, okay. Hey baby, we here, or you meet.


Because until I got to La Ocho, I had never, I had never not gone. I don't know if I could use double negative, but I had always gone to the lady's home to pick her up or to her apartment or pick her up from her parents' house. Right. I never like, and when I got to LA, they was like, okay, I'll just meet you. I was like, and now you know, it's dawn on me. Okay, Eric, you don't, Hey, they, they don't know me like that. So it's cool. But before I gotta LA Right, I would always go pick the young lady up. So now, right, you get to the state, whether you pick her up or you meet her there and she's, and she gets there and she's like, well I ain't getting out 'cause this here, this is beneath me. Yeah. It listen it for one that, that is a woman that is really not interested in you.


Yeah, for sure. In general, that's just a woman not interested in you in general. And the, and most of the time, obviously it's the era that we're in right now, men are, are, are being, I don't wanna say used for food, but if you have to go to these high-end restaurants Yeah. First dates, But everybody ain't got it. Like ocho, everybody ain't making seven picks. Everybody ain't got it like that to go drop two, $300 on a meal. Damn. It, It, it makes, it makes no sense. If you gotta leave with money, if you have to leave, if you have to leave with money, if you have to leave with money, you already know in time. You already know what the plan, you already know what the plan is. It, it's, it's, it's Ridiculous at this point, point. If I got, first of all, I'm a firm believer in this ocho.


If I got a bar in my brother's car, if I got a borrow a homeboy car, if I got a bar in money to take somebody on the date, they not for me. They not for me. Because all I can do is this is a what, this is a singular act because I'm not gonna borrow money every time to take you somewhere. I'm not gonna borrow my brothers or my homeboy's car to take you somewhere. Man, Ocho man, look, I don't even wanna tell you this story. I don't even wanna tell you the story. What happened to me, Ocho you Gotta you gotta give it to me. Come on man. This was 1990. I met this young lady and she, and she's like, she, we gonna go, we gonna go out. I was like, okay, now Joe, mind you, now I'm only making 63 5. I got a $335, four door blazer payment.


I think my, my, my rent at Mill Pond in Denver, I think it was about five 50 plus. You know, I got, I, you know, take, you know, take care of my sending money home for my grandmother, my sister, I'm helping my, my girlfriend who's going to school. I'm helping her. I'm paying for her to go to school. So I ain't got a whole lot of money, but you know what I say, you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna deny myself something to get her nice, nice little, you know, get a nice little meal. So we get there, sacrifice. And so, you know, I'm gonna order something, but I'm not gonna get what I would normally get, but I'm gonna get something a little down just in case she goes up. So we get there. So, you know, we get a little appetizer. I think back then I, I was into Caesar salad.


I that I had never had a really had Caesar salad. So I got a little Caesar salad, you know, I like, I order Caesar, she got something. Yeah. And so the, the server comes back, says, you know, okay, you ready to order? I'm like, yeah. So I got, I think, I think I got something probably cost like 30, $40. And so Ocho she got the menu and she just looking. I'm like, damn, what she gonna order? I said, I said, you gonna go ahead, you gonna order something. She say, I'm, I'm trying to figure out what go with what go with lobster. I say condoms. I said, because if you order that, we gonna have sex tonight. Needless to say, needless to say, she didn't order that and I never saw her again.


I, I put that on everything. Ocho. See Ocho, you man, you get me on here Ocho. I get here with you man. And you, me be telling story, man. I was supposed to take this to my talking about she trying to figure out what go with lobster condoms. Hey, what? Go with lobster again? Condoms, because we having sex. If you order that lobster, I ain't got bread like that. So I could see if I was making, if I came in, I'm a first round or second round draft pick because back then a first round draft pick got like a million dollars signing bonus. Oh Joe, I came in, they gave me like $22,500.


Okay. When, when it, yeah, You gotta make, you gotta make, you gotta make That stress. Right? Yeah. And so when, when, when they, when they take the taxes out of it, that ain't a whole lot of money. But y'all ladies out there, look, I understand that you want to be treated nice, but everybody ain't making bread. Like no professional athlete. Everybody ain't got no six or no seven figure job. Some of these dudes making 75,000, 75,000 to a dude and after taxes, he can't be breaking bread on no 500 meal. And this is, this is the funny thing. This is the funny thing. It's the tough situation because there will always be men willing. Women will always be able to get who and what they want, but it not might be from the guy they want. Because there will always be a man willing to spend the money based on what it is that women want.


Because they will owe and be a guy willing to do it. But he trying to impress him. Him though. Ocho? Yeah. Oh wait, oh, he tried to impress him. It it, the, the more money you have, the easier it is to get to your end goal. That's just life. That's just the way it is. But I tell dudes all the time, dudes stay within your salary cap and act your weight. Stay within your salary cap and accu wage. What's for you will be there. And as your, as your money continues to grow, it gets higher and higher. The caliber, the caliber of women you wanna choose, it gets higher. Rule thumb po At the end of the day, it's all pink on the inside. I hope, I hope you, I hope you're talking about a steak.


But anyway, Yeah, I'm talking about a steak. We talking About high I there with you. I right there with you talking about high dress. So the thing is, Ocho choose the woman that likes you, not the woman you like. If you choose the woman that likes you, you'll be straight. That's a good one. Straight. That's a good one. That's a good, if you gotta leave with money, she don't like you. Yeah. She don't like you. If you gotta leave with money. And if she say if you gotta apply pressure. Yeah. She don't like, you don't fault And. if you, if you tell me I don't need your money, I'll make my own money, I'm going the other way. That's why I heard that lie too many times to be true. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Don't do, don't do me like that. But it, this is a good thing. This is a good thing for women though. Women will never go without because they will always be a man willing. Sure, yeah. Always. Yeah, always. But I could, I, like I said, I, I, I don't mind. But at the end of the day, like I said, I, I didn't have, and you know what Ocho, if I was making money like I was my fourth or fifth year, if she wanted to get the life, hell maybe get two, take one home. I ain't got. Yeah. But I didn't have no bread like that at that point in time. My, my focus was, okay, pay my bills, help my grandmother, you know, my mom working, but I still gotta break her off. So when I, when I get back and the cell phone, see that before Ocho cell phone, the cell phone was probably about $4 a minute.


And, if you left the city, it started roaming ocho. You gotta charge Man. Man, I had a, I had a cell phone bill 12 one time back then. My brother, my brother called me and said turn it off. Turn it off. And because back then Ocho, if you waited after, I think it was after seven o'clock, the minutes were free and then on weekend. Right. Right. I mean were free, but man, who in the hell go wait till after seven o'clock to talk to somebody Or wait, damn, Friday night, Saturday night, Sunday. Nah, I wanna talk. When I wanted to talk, 6,000 people have voted. My kids, my kids, they say 53% say farting in front of your man is okay.


I need to see the age demographic. Nope. Don't try to change it. Don't try to change it. This is something natural. Listen, wait. That's not natural. Real quick. This. Wait, wait, Unc, Lemme finish. Chew it. Lemme finish. Go ahead. Go ahead. Let it finish. I'm gonna let you finish. Go ahead. Go Ahead. Crime Unc passing gas. Ululating is normal. Telling your spouse they have to go to a different bar. Man. Don't be fraud ladies Far. Okay, my bad. Going to a, going to a completely different room just to do what is natural and you got to have your stomach hurting because they holding it. That's not right. That is imprisonment. Now I, Okay, chewing your food is natural, but time says someone's smacking.


I I understand that. That's like nails on a chalk wall. Okay. So me, that's natural. Chewing food is natural. Yes. But you can do it with your mouth closed. Okay. You can go to the bathroom and fart not in front of me. Alright. But, but You know to eat his own. To eat his own. Well we saying You not gonna make it far in a relationship with us. Like we, you cool with a farter. We cool. You cool. Well, listen, the funny thing about it, they're gonna do it anyway. They're gonna do it anyway. The fact we raise like they gotta hide. I'm Sorry, you just said mama farted. You just said Mama farted. And I hate for you put I'm sure did because I, I, I could smell it. I could smell, I could smell it. I remember mama rest in peace. I could smell it. But she was staying.


It came from somewhere and it wasn't me. You talk Sure she did. It ain't no good though. That's, I'm just saying. I, I've never, I I I've, I haven't experienced that. I've never experienced that. Knock on wood. Thank you. Because that, that, that's not gonna go well. Yeah. I never, I I'm gonna tell, I it, it happened one time. I'm gonna tell the story another day in time. Girl party. But anyway, on you. Huh? I mean, knowing you, was it during knowing you? It was during something? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do that, that, yeah. It, how did I know that? I don't know. Hey, you know, check this out. Fish. You done fish, you done got it.


This what happened. We were having sex and this is an absolute truth story. Hey, hey. I put this on, I put this, the family show. Put this on everything. I was having sex with this. Hold on, hold on. Paint the whole picture. Now. Don't, don't get Don't cheat me. Yeah, don't, yeah, don't cheat. You don't cheat either. Okay? I want Details. We're having details. We have sex Position. Yeah. P yeah. Yeah. You know I'm a back, I'm the bad guy. Y dunno what? Jesus, she ain't do it, but she, no she didn't. That's dope. No, she did. That is, oh, and, and what I'm about to say is 1% talk to Me, baby. So she passed gas. She said ex she said me. I said, that's what do, yes, she passed gas shit back and say, excuse me.


Yeah. How she, she said, excuse me. Shit. Shit she doing. Hey. She said, excuse me. I said that's all right baby. I generally make him shit. It kept going. I it, I with it with it. Come on baby. Y'all nasty man. Both of y'all nasty dog. Hey, I swear. I, I I fist bump, fist bump, bump. No, don't do that. Don't fist bump. Bump. Y'all ain't no good. That ain't Shannon. That's not that. Don't do that.


Y'all, y'all nasty. What you want? What you want me to, you want what you want to face, first of all for her to look back and say, excuse me. She just shit wrong with it. Hey, I gotta write that down there, boy. You nasty man. I gotta write that down. Don't even write that down. That's nasty. Yeah. Suck.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How's it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


There's a song chat. There's a song, the beginning of a song by Bobi Womack chat, Bobby Womack, Bob Bobby Womack. And he talks about what we talking about right now. It's called The Facts of Life. Listen to the beginning of the facts of life and you'll get a better understanding on what we talk about. Bobby Womack, the Facts of Life. I, I'd never forget it. He told her, listen, he went to buy the lady a drink. You want to come up to my room? The lady say what? You need me to come up to your room for? You could buy me a drink. You just wanna get get me up to your room. Well, huh? Hello? Huh? I'm only here for one night.


Come on now That, that's what Luther said. You remember that song What Luther said? Oh yeah. I'm only, but don't wait. I can't sing. I forgot I can't sing Only for one night. That's it. Oh man, it's so many good stories, man. But that's, that's, that's for another day. But see, here's the thing, Ocho I know you'll act accordingly in my face. Yeah. Oh yeah. When I'm not around. Will you still accept that drink? Will you still talk as if I'm not there? You see what I'm saying? Ocho I don't worry about you because I, I, I, first of all, I am not worried about a dude disrespecting me and I'm not worried about her disrespecting me because I give respect.


Right. And I wouldn't let my teammates. Yeah. I, we had them bad chicks walking in and they what they do, bro, we not finna disrespect my man. Just because you make this and you feel you could whip him, that's not gonna happen because I'm gonna be with him. Right. Because you wouldn't let nobody do that if you walked in here with your woman and dude try to holler at her already know what's gonna happen. So we gonna do this thing the same way. Yeah. That's how we going to do it. Ocho when you around me ain one way to do things. That's right. Right. And I'm gonna tell, I'm gonna say, look here now. Hey, now you know, hey, they gonna maneuver away. Pretend like they gotta go to the bathroom because they done made eye contact.


Okay. Now It's a dirty game, man. Okay. Dirty game. I don't, I like I said, I'm, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just real. I'm just real with it. I don't, I don't like disrespect on no level. Right. I'm not gonna let my teammates disrespect a guy just because he's, he doesn't have the money. He doesn't have the cachet. Right. He doesn't have the, the, the, the name recognition. We ain't gonna do that. Right. Not on my walk right now, Ocho, if I didn't go out that night, if I didn't go out on a Thursday night, 'cause that was really the only night I kind of went out.


Unless, unless I had my homeboys in town. My homeboys would come in that Friday. We'd go out that Saturday night. But it was the same thing. If I was somewhere and my teammate showed up and there was a chicken and chicks came in there with their boyfriend, we not finna do that. Right. That ain't gonna happen. Right. Because that at the end of the day, now that he's still a man. Now he's still a man. Right. And you know, man will bow his back in front of his lady. Yeah. Then what for what happened? We got in the bra. We got into a fight in, in in 90 in my rookie year by the chick. Y'all were brawling in there by the chick.


Go look it up. Damn Unc. She must, hey, she must have been bad. She must've been bad to the world. Huh? She was Fine. She was fine. She was fine. You only worth what Somebody's willing to pay people like, man, I wouldn't pay 20 million for no house. Okay. But somebody else did. I will pay 2 million for a car. But somebody else will Worth is only determined by what someone is willing to pay for it. That's what worth is worth. You don't get to determine your worth because you don't get to say you don't get to pay yourself. Hey, I'm atn.


Hey gimme 40 million a year. Hey, hey, hey. That sound like ladies in on, on ig. Know yourself worth know yourself worth girl. Yeah. Worth. I worth this. I worth that. Not if a dude ain't willing to give it to you. You not. That's so worth. I understand. You know, you work baby. You think you worth a birken bag and a coloring and a private jet. I get that. You think you're supposed to get all of that, but that ain't how I value you. Yes. So unless now look, hey now Gil, I had a situation, I was talking to this young lady and she says I wanna watch.


So, you know, I'm thinking, you know what you want, want a AP Gil? I only got one ap. Now I got one AP after playing 14 years in the NFL being a Hall of Famer and having a 17 year career in tv. I got one ap and you come in and say you want an ap after an ap. I say, Hey Gil. I again, well how I say? And she said, if you don't get it, we can't see each other no more. Cool. I walked right downstairs. She al Gil right here before God. She already knew I wasn't gonna get it because as I walking, as I walking down the stairs, she had an Uber out there waiting.


Mm. She already knew I would go get it. I saw, I saw Gil, I saw three days later. Guess what she had on OIGA ap? Who? Somebody got it. O Shane Sharp wasn't gonna get it. Honestly. I don't, I don't, I don't know. I don't know Brother Jalen. You know, I don't, I ain't Mad at it. Yeah. I I, I we can't be mad. We gotta be happy for 'em. I mean, there's no point in being mad. Now the the the baby on the way, you know? Hey, I I I wish them nothing but the best One. The got me too, The best One. The guy Shannon two, Shannon been 22 in the NFL. Yeah. And one of, one of, if she hooked like that.


Yeah. She, you, she got you hooked. Huh? Joe would've got OSHA o she got OSHA and one almost had OSHA too. Hey, I, I have a Question. She had me, but I was, You you're trying to get up outta there. Huh? I be you trying be the fight. I Shook the hook my mouth, I shook the hook out my mouth. You don know big mouth bad. How, talking about the water shake that I shook that hook. I shook that hook went on back in the water. I ain't back no more though. Yeah, you, you got, Hey listen, listen, Unc, the game is the game now. You gotta understand. You gotta, I ain't You bad. Oh, she was bad. I I know she was, I know she was. That's that's how, that's how they catch him, huh?


Yeah. Manzel Eyes. Hey Unc, you know what, you know what they playing right? They playing the long game. Yeah, man, They playing the long game. Unc. I need, I need, hey, I need financial security. Huh? I'm trying, trying, I'm trying to maintain, I'm trying to maintain the lifestyle that I wanna live. And how am I gonna afford that? I got to, you know, Ocho come on now. This chest not checkers now. Man. That's the only OCHO in all my life. That's the only time. Yeah. My mama has ever said anything to me. The only time. Yeah.


Mm. I didn't know. I didn't know until years later. My sister told me. Yeah. I wonder. I I, I didn't know, but I guess I had left, I had left my mom and my sister was there. Yeah. And she came to my apartment. Oh, come on now. I on the door. My mom opened the door. My mom was like, who you Oh, such and such. My mom said, you look a little old. My son. How old are you? She told her, my mom said, look here, my son just got here and he ain't finna mess it up with you.


Hmm. You get your damn ass away from my son. So you, you cut off. Cut off. Oh, I had to, it, it broke my heart though. Hold on, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Like, wait, y'all went out? Did you, you got something first? Oh Yeah. Man, Boy. I was in there like section eight. You Talking Was in there like you was in there like what, Eight off Bad.


There are no unwritten rules. You just, obviously the three, the three that nobody needs to say is obviously you don't talk about nobody wife. You don't try to holler at nobody wife. No, no, no, no. And you don't talk about nobody goddamn kids. No, no. And Shit. And that's pretty much it. Yeah. I mean, just The, just the common common common Shit stuff. Yeah. You know, the, the thing was, you know, I I, hold on. I was, I think it was O' Gills podcast. They were talking about, about how the situation, like, okay, your wife is off limit. And then you get the, you know, you get, you know you get the girl. No you don't. I saw that. No, that was funny. You put, you get one, your wife is on the shelf, Girl. Everybody else on the, everybody else.


Everybody, everybody Else untouchable. Everybody else is reachable. I saw that. Everybody can be checked out. Hey, that, that was a good episode. Lying to me. Hey, you remember if you, Somebody said if you got a wife and you got a bad side check if you think you gonna be able to save both of them. No, you not, you not gonna save your, that girl, your wife. I ain't trying to, I ain't even looking at her, but, oh, you best believe? Yeah. I'm throwing a, I'm throwing a net out there trying to reel her in. Hey, it was so funny the conversation they was having, right? They, they, they, somebody said, oh, I see. So-and-so in the stands tonight. Okay, which one of y'all got soandso here at this game? Hey man, that was funny. Listen, but them basketball players, They got 'em. But they move different boy. They Do, but they move different.


They got, Boy, they moved different. Boy. I, Hey, if you, if you talk to, if you tell me you used to, if they told me they talk to, you know, I used to talk to somebody, I took my tail and run. I ain't got that kind of prayer. Yeah. I can't fight him. I can't fight. I can't, I can't fight what he can do for you. Now I could, you know, back in the day, you know, your boy used to be ready to tussle and to drop. But I done got old Now Ocho that ain't, that ain't in me no more. Listen, but oh, they like, oh yeah, you get, you get your, you get your, you get your wife. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You don't. Oh no. Hell no. You get to put one on the shelf. Yeah. And she can't be touched. Now if it could be your wife, it can be your girl.


Yeah. But you don't get two. Oh hell no. Get both up. Oh no. No, sir. I don't know where they, I don't know where they do that at. Listen boy, them boys, vicious boy. They could be vicious all they want to. But I know about Them. Boys play a different ball game. Boy, them zeroes don't play. Yeah. That's why I can't compete. Put 'em zeroes on. They Got that kind. They see, they got that kind of money. If you want to keep up with them, you don't need track shoes. You need a checkbook. And I ain't got that kind checkbook. Oh Yeah. So, nah, nah, but I, I, I would talk to Gil about that when he, when he come back on the wind. That, that, that a Gil, I heard y'all talking. Y'all don't, you can't say no. You get to save one now you got acho, you got a choice. Yeah. Two people drowning.


You could only save one. You can't save. Right. Nah, you can't, You can't swim back to shore with two drowning people. Now which one you wanna put up there to make sure she's safe. Right. Because the other one we coming. Yeah, we Coming. I'm a rip tie. And although you been that rip curtain, you that rip curtain. Yeah. Yeah. But that be powerful. Yeah. Even some of the strongest swimmers. See what you can't, you got a, you just gotta let, just go with it. Don't swim against it. Because all they gonna do is tie you out and drown. You go with it, it all out a little bit and then Come on back. You, you know what the funny thing is? You, you know, it makes, it makes it even worse is there's so many, so many. Fine, I'm talking about the finest of the finest women.


Right. How many athletes is it that really got it? Think about it. It's only a select few. It's only a small, it's only a, a handful of them. But if's so many women and all the women want the select few athletes. So guess. And the select few athletes want the women. They're, And they bond the women they pick, they, they pick who man color, Mark A it don't matter. And it's a, it's a certain type of a woman that an athlete feel he has to have. Yeah. And it's, it's normally light skin. They got that hair, whether it's the halle bear crop, whether it is long and wavy. They buy, they, they, they mix. You know, I, I don't know what it is.


My grandma used to say, my grandma when I was a little boy, she say, boy, you color struck. Yeah. What she meant by that. But the the red ball them hot. Yeah. Women be doing that too. Yeah. Tell like they sleep faking it. She keep from keeping from doing on your true story. I broke up with a, I broke up with my girlfriend and my sister Told, wait, wait, you broke up with her. She broke up with you. I broke, I broke up my girlfriend. This was, this was years ago. This was probably about 20, 25 years ago. Every Time you tell a story, it's years ago. I'm thinking this might be be this, This. No, no. That ain't, this ain't no that 25 years ago. Okay. And my sister, my sister told my grandma, say, granny, you know, ti and such and such not going together.


They, they not together no more. Wait, what's her name? You know my grandma. I ain't tell you her name, but you know what, it's, you know, you know what my grandma saying? What'd she say? She wasn't doing her nightly duties. Oh, wait a minute. That was my granny say that. What my granny say. Wait, let me sit up because I, I want, wait, let me, let me get my note. Let me get my notepad out. What, what, what a nightly duty so I can make sure those, You know, what night, you know what nightly duties are. Everybody that watching this know what nightly duties are. No, I, I need you. Listen, I'm trying to get where you are. You have a little bit more life experience than me. So give me, let me jot down a nightly Duty. So I check she would do it like the female European common frog. She was faking Oh, Oh Me to tie potato.


Like she was asleep. Oh wait, y'all live together? Yeah. Wait, wait a minute. Let's dive a little deeper. This is a lot to unpack. Now y'all live together and she wasn't doing her night. Oh, I Gotta roll. I packed light. I packed light. I don't never check no luggage. So I dunno what you want that back. Wait. So now it too deep understand that the last time I checked, I saw it. I saw it on, on murder. She wrote a woman that was playing sleep every time he came home. And just to come to find out toward the end of the story, that happened to be another man. Mm. Yeah. And that happens, that happens a lot in life in general. The person you with start acting funny.


And when you dive a little bit deeper, you always tend to find out the routine changes from who they used to be when you first met. And you start, listen that, 'cause it happened to me. That's how I know it. It it happened to me. And you started acting funny. And what did I do? I I put on my black Dickies, I put on my black skull cap. Oh, you sleep. So what I did, I jumped in the car. Oh, you sleep? Okay, bet. Wait a minute. How you sleep? It's eight 30. Okay, bet. Well you go ahead and get you a nice license. So I I I get in the car. You know I'm, I got a little So you, you pi you a PI now? Yeah. I had to be because now listen, Now you long hair Colombo.


I, I, I, I, I, I could be honest with you 'cause we family, I could be honest with you. Like I listen, I get in the car, I go to the house, you know she staying over, she staying over there at the time. She in Carroll City. You know, that wasn't nothing about a 30 minute drive real quick. I jumped on the highway. I jumped on, we lost Her 30 minutes. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I pull up to the house, the car in the driveway. Wait a minute, wait a minute. How the kind in the driveway? But you just told me you sleep. That's what I'm saying. In my head. I'm saying, oh, nah. Oh, she wanna play. Bet. I waited. I waited about five minutes. I called the phone back. Oh, snap. The phone didn't ring.


I called, I kept calling over and over. Mind you, it ain't been number 30 minutes. So how you sleep already? I ain't chilling. So I sat on the front porch. I took a picture. Right. I took a picture at the front door like this smack. Oh, Oh, come on. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, I took a picture of the front. Did. Right. Did did you hop? Did it do what you Yeah. This You, okay. I sent it to her. Oh, but you sleep, huh? Okay. Bet. Hey listen. And block and blocked the number it went on about and went on about my business in my life. Now guess, guess who was trying to spin the block? You know, she start she started seeing, you know, I started, I had a little motion. My little motion was back in effect. You know, I, my visibility started being back popping.


It was too late then. 'cause Rel had done, came and snatched me up real quick. Oh man. Came And snatched. I'm good. I'm good. I mean, so listen, sometimes listen, listen, sometimes in a relationship, yes sir. One party wants to move on, but they dunno how to tell the other party they wanna move on. That's a good one. That's, that's 'cause a lot of people watching right now. A lot of people watching right now. Unc. I'm, I'm gonna tell you no lie. 'cause a lot of people watching right now with someone and don't, they don't know how to break it off. Not only do they not, not only do they not wanna break it off. In this economy, you have someone that's helping you and taking care of you. You really don't wanna lose that sense of security and help some men as well.


They, with women. Yeah, for sure. They gotta stay. They gotta stay with the women. 'cause you need a roof over your head. I, but I, I ain't wire like that. I could never, I could never let, I I can't never, I can never let a woman take care of me. I could never let a woman take. Oh, I'm not saying, I'm not saying take care of. No, I'm just, I'm, I'm saying some men, some men are, some men aren't fortunate and they're in situations where Yeah. They need that roof over their head and they're dealing with someone that's able to provide that. Yeah. And, and that, that's, that's, that's tough. That's tough when you're somewhere you don't want to be. I, because I told you the lonely, my granny used to say, boy, the loneliest place in the world is to be somewhere you're not wanted. Right. Right, Right. And, and, and And, if you don't know you're not wanted, it's another thing to know you're not wanted. Right. In college, I remember in college, I broke up with my girlfriend.


I was moping. I used to work, used to have work study and I worked for Coach Davis rest his soul. Coach David and I used to go to his office every day. And when I wasn't in class, I would do my homework. If we didn't, the professor would cancel class or something happened. I would go to Coach Davis' office, get my hours in, but I would do my homework. Right. A couple of days go by, he'd see me moping. He's like, so he's like, so what going on? Right. Right. Coach, I, I, I, I broke up with my girlfriend. I said, I said, my girlfriend and I broke up. He said, well damn son. He said, is everything okay? I said, coach, we were both sick. And he looked at me, he said, y'all were both sick. I said, yeah, coach. I was sick of her and she was sick of me. Hey, that's a good one.


Let me, let me, let me tell you something. Let me, let me tell you something. I always think about, obviously it's, it's okay to hurt. It's okay to mourn. It's good. Yeah. It's, it's okay to be sad when, when things don't work out. But I I tell men this all the time. When, when you're moping and you, and you're chasing, you're fighting back to get a woman back that, that you might've been with for a long time the last time. Think about this. When someone leaves you, a woman doesn't want to be with you anymore. I always see it as one less expense. And I mean that in the most respectful way possible. I just see it as one less expense that I have to worry about that becomes someone else's responsibility. So I've never seen who wants to chase and add it an extra bill.


Why, why, why, why do you wanna do that? I, I see it in that way. And trying to put things in a perspective. In hindsight, if you, if you have a hundred dollars as a dude, right? If you have a hundred dollars as a dude and you lose that a hundred dollars trying to chase someone because you have to pay when, which I call transaction. Transaction Transactional. Transactional. Yeah. It doesn't, it doesn't bring any value to you because it's taking what you have, bringing, adding nothing to it. So why did that you, why are you hurting? Why are you sad? And that's just a small analogy. And I I mean that in the most respectful way possible. Yeah. And it, it happens on small scale and it happens on the grander scale. Depends on how you look at it.


But you know what Ocho what it is, it kinda like for me, and I don't want, and I don't want people to take this the wrong way and says, I'm sure I to compare a woman to sport, but I'm, what I'm saying is, is that when you invest something mm. When you invest for damn the money, when I invest my time, my energy, yes. My heart and soul, like I did the sport, it hurt when you lose. Mm. So I'm looking at it. When I lose her, I'm hurt. You. Damn right. I'm hurt. Yes. I cry. And even though I might not show it outwardly, internally, I'm in a knot. I had a, I had a, I had a young lady tell me one time, she's like, you are not hurting. I said, what do you mean I'm not hurting?


She said, because when I see you, you're not, you're not in a ball. Mm. I say, is that what you want? Right? I said, you want me to hurt that bad? Right? I said, you want me to not be able to function. You don't want me to be able to go to work. Right. I said, I, I get it. I get it. Yes, I'm sure I've hurt you, but just because I'm not curled up in a ball, because I'm not in a psych ward. Trust me when I say this and I say this in all sincerity, I'm hurting. Yeah. But I've been able to compartmentalize. Because when you become a, when you become a professional athlete, right? The one thing you must be able to do above all, forget. Because obviously you don't make it to the level that you make it as a professional athlete.


If you can't play, you've got to be able to compartmentalize. If you cannot compartmentalize, you can't play the elite level in a professional sport. Right. You've gotta be able to say, okay, I've got this going on, being at home, my wife is getting on my nerves or my girlfriend. My kids are sick, my mom is not My mom or my dad is, there's something going on. I've gotta be able to set that aside for them two and a half hours. Right. And be able to get done what I need to get done. Right. 'cause you know what them 85,000 fans and them my 45 teammates, hey, they depended on me. They don't wanna hear nothing. All they see is 84 in the front sharp.


What you are hearing is hardy fiber cement siding, living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important a reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardy's siding severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength so you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best. Protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, you Wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo-hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.