
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation


At Designer Shoe Warehouse. We believe that shoes are an important part of well, Everything. Everything from first steps to first dates, from all-nighters to all-time personal vests. From building pillow forts to building a life, building A life for all the big and small moments that make up your whole world. DSW SW is there. And we've got just the shoes. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love at brag worthy prices at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in it today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify


The volume. Yo Yo. Yo yo, fanatic. How y'all doing? How y'all doing? What up? What up? What up? What up? Yeah. Love the, You know what the time it is to this club. Five 20. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells Live f fanatics mix man.


One time for Boost Mobile. We know the vibes. $25 unlimited talk text data. Where they at with it? Teague 5G Nationwide. Y'all know what time it is? Come on, man. Tap in and get you a phone, man.


Still got my gang with me up here to my far left. We got my dog. Bishop B here out the Pearl. He how you what? Nasty. What's Happening? What up fanatics? My boy. What's up baby? What up, what Up? Tapped in for sure to my right, my dog. Young Nacho young team. How you what? What's good? We got a good one today. Got a good one today. Come on, man. Listen man. We got a special, special guest, man. We couldn't imagine that we would have digital men on our platform, but it's a blessing. We about to have a dope conversation. We happy to share this moment with y'all. We have the one, the only, the Commis, Mr. Adam Silver join the five 20. Make some noise. Yes, sir. Yes sir. The gold. The gold.


Yes, sir. It's a pleasure. It's a pleasure. Thank you, man. Boss man. Woo. Hello. Yeah. Energy. Energy. Love this. Wow. First and foremost, we wanna say thank you. We appreciate you joining us, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. It's, this is incredible. I mean, I, I, for the fans, this must be fantastic just to the whole environment here. I mean, congratulations to Michael Rubin. I can't believe what he's built. Oh, for sure, for sure. Listen, this is a blessing to have you on this stage, obviously. You know what I'm saying, T you got to walk across that stage. But for me and be in, it's our draft night moment, baby. We got In. Yeah. The real draft night show.


Yeah. I got, I didn't, I didn't walk across the stage. I didn't go to the draft, but I got a chance to hear my name called. It was pretty cool. That was dope. Was Dope. You got a championship ring though. Yeah, I got a championship Ring. That's better than being drafted. Yeah. Talk about it. I snuck out of there with one. Yeah. Now, I wanted to ask you this question because everybody's moment, You know, is their dream to get across the NBA shake your hand and hold a jersey. What was it like for you the first time that you got to be in that position and host the draft as the commissioner? It, it was, it's, it's, it's emotional for me. It still is because, You know, for that moment to come into the NBA for these players and just as importantly for their families. So when you're standing up on stage, particularly for, You know, the top draft picks who are sitting there right in front of you, you're staring at often at their parents, their siblings, their friends.


So it's, it is truly emotional. I mean, I, I feel it along with them. And then when the guys come up on stage, I mean, obviously this is some of the best athletes in the world. They've already performed at a high level in college, in Europe or whatever else. Like when I put my arm on them and I shake their hand, they're often, you can feel how nervous they are. Yeah. You know, it's, it's such, and, and I think it's just a lot of them been holding in the emotion and it's just a release. Because even if you're projected to be the fifth pick or the fourth, but whatever it is, the reality of that actually happening. So I I I'm just saying like, I'm holding it together too. For a lot of them it's just, and, and it's, I'll just add it, it's a privilege to be up there. I I don't have any particular talent, You know, unlike a, a player.


So I, I realize I'm fortunate to be part of the experience. Who was the first player you introduced to the NBA, which is, I said, who was the first person you introduced to the NBA? Like what was your first period? Oh, man, I, I gotta think about that because, You know, I was the deputy commissioner for several years and did the second round as well. So I gotta think about that. I can't remember who the, who the first player is is that I drafted names. Most definitely. I wanted to ask you this question. Obviously, You know, legal background worked in the NBA as well. Rest in peace, obviously the lake Great. David Stern. What was that moment like when you found out that you were going to be the commissioner? Oh man. I mean, I, I, again, I just remember feeling how fortunate I was.


I had at that point, I had already worked for the league for 20 years. Yes, sir. At the time, I found out I had worked for David Stern that entire time. So I had a seat in the room, so to speak, for a lot of that had transpired over that time. And I, and I, I, again, I, I worked hard, but at the same time I realized it takes a fair amount of luck to be in the right place at the right time. I saw it as tremendous responsibility to carry this league forward off of all those great players. Yeah. That had come before me. Great. Commissioners, You know, David Stern being the most recent. So, You know, it, it was momentous.


There's no question about it, but, You know, it takes a while to sink in. You just, again, just, and I, and I still feel that even 11 years later, just, it's an awesome responsibility because in addition to the literally hundreds of millions of fans globally, that for the players, their families, the tens of thousands of employees of the NBA, You know, and now the WNBA that that we're part of, it's, You know, it's you, you, you, you feel the weight of the responsibility. And, and in this league, I mean, there's, there's incredible things that happen every day, but there's also things that are risk to the business, You know, and that, and it's ultimate responsibility working together with the players, with the team owners to make sure the league continues to operate smoothly.


So I I I would say I, I'm, I'm awestruck, but also feel that sense of responsibility. Most definitely. Sure. I got a question. We was talking about draft night and you being up there calling names, and it's been some nights where guys' names didn't get called in that first round. What's that feeling like? Do you ever be like, man, I just hope, hope this kid gets called? 'cause obviously I didn't go to the green room, but I scared that was a scary feeling for me to be in the green room and not get my name called. And we had some guys go super, super late in the first round and be the last guy in the green room. Like, what's that feeling? You know, I'm, I'm often, it, it happens occasionally where there is a, a player who's projected to go higher and drops for whatever reason.


And often, in some cases in between break in between picks, I'll walk down and just say hello to the player and their family. I've, I've, You know, we have a lunch in the day of the draft. So I've, I've talked to them and I, and I see them before the draft, but also just to remind them that nobody can predict the future. That, I mean, I think about, You know, I mean our MVP in Shea, I forgot, I know he was like the 11th pick or whatever. He wasn't a top 10 pick. Tyrese wasn't a top 10 pick, but not only were they not 10 top 10 picks, but they were both traded. Yeah, thanks. You know, and, and, and you have incredible players.


You know, YOIC was a second round pick. Yeah. Young man just pointed out to me, You know, dream on Green was a second round pick. I mean, you have, look at the current finals, You know, you have players who are enormous contributors who weren't drafted at all. And, and so I always see it as my responsibility to remind them that this is just one point in time. Yeah. And you should take motivation from this and that again, that, that, understandably these teams are making these decisions, but don't let that sort of prediction be controlling on you and go double down on your work because there's a reason that they're there, that they were projected to be there.


And even if, You know, if you think the NBA is the four 50 best players in the world, so we have a relatively small draft compared, like if you watch the NFL draft, how many rounds they have, it's only a two round draft. So again, I just remind them like, yeah, it sucks in that moment. It feels embarrassing potentially, but go get 'em, You know, this, this isn't gonna determine your fate. Most definitely. For sure. You brought a very interested point up. We're looking at the finals right now. Obviously game seven will take place very, very soon. If you have two small market teams, you see a lot of the narratives are just like, oh, the NBA's upset. We don't have bigger markets in that. We would love to have that conversation with you. 'cause obviously it's been great basketball being played and energy's been high.


You've been in both arenas. The fans there seem happy and it's just a narrative. It is just like, nah, y'all not really tuned into the actual product. You know, I, I could say so much about that. A few things I'll say. One of the points I made the other night was, You know, I'm sure a lot of NFL fans here, when the Steelers and the Packers play, You know, Pittsburgh and Green Bay, nobody says two small market teams. Yeah. Instead, it's two storied franchises. And, and I want to emulate the NFL from that standpoint. I mean, our goal, and we're, we're on our way there that whatever market it is, they have passionate fans. They're competing for the championship. And just like in Milwaukee where you won that championship, Jeff, You know, it's, the story isn't that, it's a small market.


It's the best franchises in the NBA, the best teams in the world competing for championships. Yeah. And increasingly in a digital world where the incremental difference between Indianapolis and Chicago should become irrelevant because we have a global fan base. Yes, sir. We have something like a 2 billion person social media community. I mean, something like 70 million people will have watched the NBA finals this year. So the fact that there may be a million more people that live in one market or another shouldn't be the issue. Now I accept that it's a narrative going in. The other thing I'll point out, some of those markets are only smaller relative to the size of other NBA markets.


The, the mayor of Oklahoma City pointed out that 300 million Americans, close to 90% of Americans live in cities and towns that are smaller than Indianapolis and Oklahoma City. Like most of us, I I, I'm from the suburbs of New York, but I grew up in a town rye New York that had 15,000 people. Yeah. And, and so, and, and in my growing up, yeah, New York City wasn't that far away, but it seemed like it was a million miles away. That was my town. Right. When little league season started, we had a little league parade. My high school class only had a couple hundred people in it. That was my world. So I think it, it own this, this small versus big market narrative only becomes relevant because of historically how we've looked at things.


But, but again, the world's changing quickly. To me, if you're Giannis sat Cuo and you're in Milwaukee, you're globally known. And nobody's gonna convince him that if you went down the road to Chicago, then you can be that much of a bigger star. So, and, and I lastly saying, just having going back and forth from Indianapolis to Oklahoma City and vice versa over the last two weeks, the passion is unbelievable in those towns. Facts. I just came in from Indianapolis this morning. I mean, you're there. Every storefront has banners in it for the Pacers. Same thing in Oklahoma City. Every building has a huge banner on it. Everyone's wearing merchandise. If you see on television, everyone's wearing the team colors.


It's like a college environment. And so in some ways, when you're in those markets where that are smaller, it captures people's attention even more than, You know, I live in New York City now when, when we have teams in this town that are competing for championships, as big as that audience is, it's not as all consuming as it might be in a so-called smaller market. Yeah, Most definitely. No, for sure. I mean, we were talking to a guy yesterday and he was telling us about how it was in New York when they were just making the Easter Conference finals. And I think that's what the narrative is. 'cause when you see all the people outside, it was, what, a million people almost outside. Yeah. You start thinking like, man, if they was in the finals, what would that look like? Exactly.


So I think that's even worse, You know, talk about, but to me, being from Indiana and seeing how the Pacers react and the fans are, it's crazy. I think it's beautiful for the league. Yeah. It it is. And also, I mean, when it comes to basketball, no state is more closely associated with the game than Indiana, obviously. I know you're still coaching the high school Yeah. Ball there staying in Oklahoma City. I mean, it's, this sport feels endemic to those markets. It's, as I said, it's not, there's the support for the thunder, for the Pacers, but also people just love the game. Yeah, yeah. In those cities and states and you can really feel it. And I think particularly the way these finals are being played, just the Good Basketball selfless style, the pass first, I mean, both teams, it's great defense, really physical.


I think people are really eating up up these finals. They're just really enjoying them. For sure. We'll be getting some expansion teams here soon. They What? The expansion teams, man. How you feel about that? You know, I, it's something we're gonna look at. Okay. It's, it's, it's more complicated, I think, sometimes than people realize, because I think some people look at expansion that you're printing money. Yeah. But it's not because it's like, if you own something, you're selling an interest in it. If you're one of the 30 owners in the NBA and just say you expand by two teams, it's, it's not that different than selling a portion of your team to someone else. Okay. You know, having said that, there's so many great markets out there that love the NBA. It's something we're definitely gonna look at.


Okay. For sure. Yes. Hi. Hello. Now they, he said Seattle. We was just trying to figure out like what cities would be good to bring a new team too. I Think obviously they do the summer league in Vegas, so it's equipped for NBA basketball. So I know Vegas would probably be a cool spot. Like you said, Seattle had a team already. You know, it's interesting. I mean, we had a team in Seattle before. It's such an incredible market for sure. Many of my years at the NBA were spent when we still had a team in Seattle. There's no doubt about the love for basketball there. And Vegas, you just mentioned where we have our summer league. I feel like we have a team there. Yeah, yeah. Because, You know, the, the, the two weeks or so that summer league goes, it, it, it literally like, it consumes the whole basketball world.


Those games, when we first started playing the summer league there, those games were hardly even on television. Yeah. Now sports centers operating outta Las Vegas studio shows there, You know, it's, it's like they, I've never been to the baseball winter meetings, but that's what it feels like. Yeah. You know, all the general managers there. Yeah. Teams are doing deals. Yep. Guys who weren't drafted are there, the draft picks are there, they're selling out in the arena. So like, I feel like we already have a huge presence in Las Vegas. Oh, Definitely. For sure. I wanted to ask you a fun question. I recently introduced somebody to the movie Eddie, and then we watched Celtic Pride. So those old NBA movies, they used to integrate all the things between us, me and his fans, fictional and the NBA.


I want to know how does that happen? Is there a licensing or a conversation that happens because, You know, you see a lot of things. Me, you, some of the players, some not. I would love to see, is that something that's in the works future as the game is growing, we get back into that, but how is the conversation or something like that happen? Well, the, the way it works and, and I, and I was at the league for Eddie and Celtic Pride and, and there's a division of the NBA called NBA entertainment that I used to run. And so when people, and for anybody here today, or is listening to this, wants to make a movie involving the NB or teams come to us. I mean, we try to make it easy. You know, in essence we come and say, if you want a license, You know, our logos or our name, You know, we want movies to ultimately be positive Of course about the league.


So, You know, most people realize that. So it's not that we're not approving things that come to us, but we'll have discussions with the producers and the writers and the directors. But we want people to be talking about basketball. We want them to be talking about the NBA and the WNBA and all the things we're doing. So, You know, I think over the years we've learned to try to make it a bit more turnkey for people who want to use our intellectual property and say, please, You know, we, to the extent that you have a new angle, and it may be people want to do something about mascots. It's not always just about the, You know, there was a movie called like Mike something. Yeah. You may remember, You know, there's, You know, the the Michael Jordan last dance, You know, that came out in the middle of the pandemic.


What's the Movie with Common? Just Right. Just right. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I mean, but also even like, one of my favorite basketball movies is Hoosiers. Even though NBA had nothing whatsoever to do with that, like any movie that's about the love of the game is we think is, is really positive for us. So we're always encouraging people who want to do anything around basketball. You know, I'm, when I walk through this fan festival, I want more tension focused on basketball. I mean, that's like our, my job is to get more people to love this game. Most definitely. You say your favorite basketball movie is Hoosiers. That's very interesting. Yeah. Being Probably, probably, Have you seen Hoosiers Come on? Yes, I've seen Hoosiers. Did you see Hoosiers?


I haven't seen Hoosiers. Did you play back in the day in high school or anything? Did I play? Yes. That's why I wear a Merna suit. I played, but not, well, I don't know. I mean, when you walked in I was like, okay, he might have, You know, set a screen and slip to the corner. I didn't know you was that tall. I seen yourself. Yeah. I was like, he might have been a sniper. He guard back in the day. We might need you in the park. Yeah. No, Yeah. Three and d I'm in the office, but thank you. So I had a question like when the, like a tray like Luca happens, right? And it kind of shocks the league, like what's it like in the league office? Like, do y'all know like, whoa, this is about to be wild? Or, You know, before I, I, You know, first of all, I'll say one of the misnomers I think out there is that I have the power to disapprove a trade.


Yeah. I don't, I think the, the only what the league's role is, as you can imagine in a, in a cap system and a set of rules around trades, what happens is before the trade is known publicly, although sometimes they're leaked or they're in, or they're informally announced, but for a trade to be official, it gets called into the league office. Yeah. It's kind of old school, You know, where both teams have to get on the phone and lawyers and people in basketball operations literally line up the contract. So if somebody make it up is making $8 million, you have to ensure that the other team has $8 million of cap space. In order to sign that player. You have to be, you have to assure that it complies with all of our rules.


And so we get, if, if, if assuming a trade hasn't been leaked, a call will come into the league office. A team will say, we wanna set up a trade call. Both sides will be on the call. It's a little bit like anybody who's bought a home and there's a closing. Yeah. It's the closest thing where you gotta make sure, like you indeed have the title to the house. Yeah. And there's been an inspection and there's a contract, all those things. So there's in essence a checklist and then the trade becomes official. So we don't, and, and because the teams often in particular trades, and Luca's a good example, where the teams are very secretive. They're not necessarily tipping us off. We, we learn about it.


I mean, we learn about it, be ahead of the public, but only, it's usually only a question of hours because we have to go through that official process of approving it. But, but not sooner than that. Was that, like, when you seen that come across, were you kind of shocked like Yeah, I, I would only say, I mean, because in many ways I'm a fan. Like others and teams aren't necessarily calling the league office for suggestions on player movement. Yeah. So there's the fan in me that only because that's not a player move that people were talking about or the, the, the shows like yours were talking about. I was surprised from that standpoint. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna ask you that question.


Obviously with the game growing media is evolving, ever changing, right? You got player podcasts, you got independent stuff like that. What's one thing you think that the actual media outlets could improve that could actually help the game? I know we get a lot of criticism, but what's something that we could actually help promote the game better or help progress? Well, first of all, I'll just say kind of in the, in the same lane when I was talking about movies about the NBA, I'm very appreciative of the amount of media coverage we get. I recognize it's not all gonna be positive, but to me, as long as it's genuinely from the heart and it's real passion and people aren't making up stories about us, I appreciate it. And You know, it's one of the things great about sports is people come with their opinions.


Yeah. And they like things, they dislike things and we learn from that too. You know, and it's, we pay attention to social media, we pay attention to, to traditional media. Yeah. You get great ideas from there. I think the only thing I'd add to the extent there's more media that's educating fans about what goes into championship basketball. I think sometimes if you haven't been close to the game, and I, and I've learned a lot over my time 'cause I didn't play at a high, high level to understand that it's not just about effort, it's about the plays that are unfolding. Yeah. It's about the sophistication of the coaching.


It's about the sophistication of the scouting. I mean, I think sometimes like understanding what goes into being an NBA player, the amount of hard work, the amount of training. Yeah. But also I think sometimes because the way our game is called, You know, it's, it's moving so quickly. Even for the best announcers play by play announcers like Mike Bre or the Best Color commentaries, the best color commentary. It's moving so fast. There's not necessarily time to explain everything that's happening. Yeah. That You know, it's not just this guy is off tonight but he may be off because this incredible defense and what is the scheme?


Yeah. And like what is that defense? So I think sometimes like those other shows, whether it's a pre-game show or a halftime or it's an afternoon show podcast, you name it about the NBA, just to be talking about more about the game and and and what goes into team basketball and what makes and what goes into making the NBA and staying in the NBA. Yeah, for Sure. Most definitely. Now Tia, you always talk about how the NBA is a business in a fraternity and what they do for the players after they leave the game. Yeah. You wanna indulge on that a little bit more? Yeah, I obviously it's a bunch of programming now that it's been coming into the league when I first came into the league.


The rookie rookie transition and all those great things that you have to do when you first get in the league. I was wondering how can we like, I'm not gonna say better it, I think it does a really good job and everything is nice when you retire from basketball. But is anything like you would suggest for some of the guys who might retire at the age of like 30, 31, is there anything you could suggest to help them with that process? It it, it's a great question. A a few things. Number one, so for the first time we have a former player who's running the Players Association, Andre Gu. Yep. So he's very attuned to the issues Yep. Of not just former players, but the transition for a player to go from being on the floor to then the rest of their life and to how they're gonna use the skills they've developed as a player and what new skills they might need to be successful at whatever they choose to do.


Whether it's to be in the media or to run businesses or whatever else. The other thing Andre is doing is building a closer relationship between what has been a separate organization. The Retired Players Association. Yeah. And the union that currently represents the players. 'cause I think that can help with the smooth transition as well. And then you mentioned the rookie transition program. So that's, that's a program for players coming into the NBA. The transition of coming from college or Europe, wherever it is now. The world's changing quickly. 'cause now with NIL deals and collectives, guys are now coming into the league and I, same thing for the women in the WNBA now in many cases having been paid.


Yeah. So they already have a certain sophistication around payments and being, You know, shoe deals and things like that. But so they come in, we have the training in, I think one thing that Andre is very focused on and and in fairness and the union leaders before him, is enhancing those programs so that while you're a player there's a lot of different counseling on managing your money. Yeah. Managing your life, You know, dealing with social media, all those things. And the union's done a fantastic job. There's a role for our teams and a role for the league in doing all those things. And then I think also where Andre now I think the focus is, alright, what more can we do for helping the players manage that transition?


And then once I said they become a retired player, 'cause I often, and Jeff you can speak to this when you're right off the floor, there may be a period of sort of decompressing. Yeah. Taking some time. There's that change from being on the road the whole time. Often guys are getting reacquainted with their families or they, You know, they've, they've had kids while they were playing and haven't been around as much. So there's that period, but then now you have essentially the rest of your life ahead of you. What kind of programs can we help provide to train people? And I'll just say lastly, I mean there's also one of the things that we put in place several years ago and, and Michelle Roberts was head of the players association. Chris Paul was president union is Lifetime Health Insurance.


Yep. For guys who played in the league, which is a huge deal. And also enhancing the pension programs, the 401k programs. So that for somebody who has played, You know, a certain minimum threshold of years in the league, You know, to a certain extent you'll be set. Yeah. You know, you're gonna have health insurance, You know you're gonna have a pension. Now You know that that's not suggesting they should just be satisfied with that. But on top of that, there's all these other opportunities and, and you, you're obviously a great example of it, of what can you then use that platform you have by virtue of being an NBA player and then building careers beyond from beyond what, what you accomplished on the floor.


For sure. Definitely. Most definitely. We talk about the NIL situation all the time. And I know you probably get asked this a million times. Is it a possibility the high school players to go back to the NBA straight maybe, but the NIL impact, you say you got lesser people in the draft this year, you think, is that something that's gonna be an ongoing issue? Is it just a new transition period? 'cause it's just new? Yeah, when you think about it, we don't, as I said, we only have a two round draft. And the fact I think it's really positive that some of these young men are getting good information in essence and realizing that they're unlikely to be one of the, to be selected in those two rounds. And if that's the case and they can remain in college and be paid and in many cases paid significant amounts of money, that, so one, they're getting compensated for their skill and maybe even more importantly, to the extent they want to be professional basketball players, they're getting real minutes, they're getting great coaching and they're continuing to train and, and improve at their craft.


So it's, it's a win-win for everybody as opposed to losing eligibility because somebody's convinced you that you're gonna be a top draft pick not getting drafted, you can't go back to college and now you're going to play maybe in Europe or Asia or something else as opposed to really honing your skill and having your best shot at, at playing in the NBA. And the other thing is, if you're not gonna be drafted and you're going back into school, it shouldn't be lost that you're also, You know, continuing to get an education. Because realistically you may not have an opportunity to play in the NBA. Right. It's, it may be great, You know, it may to go play in Europe, there's great basketball playing played around the world, but that may, You know, not compensate you at the same level as being in the NBA.


You might not be able to do it for as long. So now you finish, you play for three, four years in Europe, whatever it is. But now you have a college education and then you can go out and then pursue another career. So I I I, I think the fact that there, some of those young men are withdrawing their names is very positive. To me that just means there's better information out there in the marketplace. Will we ever get back to kids being able to come straight outta high school? Like would that ever be a thing again in the NBA do you think? You know, we, we've talked about that. You know, just so everybody understands, like that's not a decision we can make on our own. It can only, it has to be negotiated with the players association. Okay. And when we last discussed it, I think that the general feeling from the teams and the players is to the extent that those young players have that extra year.


Yeah. Honestly, whether it's in college or playing in Europe, they're, it's better for the league because they come in better skilled with a little bit more maturity. I got, I got you. Now we've talked about obviously the Allstar format, possibly being the USA versus the world. We've got a lot of great international players. A lot of them won MVP recently. We got camps around the world. Is there a possibility that we could get a, a expansion team that's not in the United States? Well, we have the Raptors. Well of course, but You know, they, around the way down come, I know they're attached. It's not the same. Yeah. Over time. Okay. I mean one of the things we've been looking at the league, at the league is whether we can help operate a new professional league in Europe.


I mean, don't get me wrong, there's incredible basketball being played in Europe and there's some really great teams and You know, several of our most recent MVPs have come from Europe. But I think from a commercial standpoint, Basketball, professional basketball hasn't been nearly as successful in Europe as the size of the market might suggest. So that's one path. Okay. I wouldn't call it expansion directly, but it's building off the NBA brand and potentially doing more in Europe. To your direct question about teams in Europe, I think over time it's definitely possible. Like I was in Paris last summer for the Olympics.


I mean, the interest was off the charts. I mean, to me it was the hottest sport there. I mean like we were selling out every game, not just the games involving USA, but You know, the gold medal game was USA versus France. I mean the, the, the game before the US Serbia game was some of the best basketball I had seen. So there's great players', enormous interest. I think part of the limitation is on players' bodies. It's not just the length of the flight, but when you're jumping multiple time zones. Yeah, it's important guys get proper rest for being on the floor. It's disruptive. You know, there's people, remember there used to be supersonic jets that went back and forth from New York to Paris, You know, the Concord that there's some commercial airliners now who are talking about who restoring supersonic jets.


I mean, I think that if the traveler faster, honestly that would be a game changer. It would make it easier to do. But as I said, I think the, the next step is to sort of plan a flag in Europe, potentially with a European League and then go from there. But I, I think if any league could do it, you could easily imagine teams in Paris, London, Madrid, Berlin. I mean there, there it, it's not for lack of interest, that's for sure. Most definitely. Till you can imagine having to back to back in Paris, man. Yeah. Like he said, that flight would've been crazy. But it'd probably be a lot of fun though. I think guys would be open to playing in Paris. I've seen guys go over there for preseason games and exhibition games and they're like, it's, this is cool to be over here.


Yeah. You got any adjustments that you would like to make for the Allstar, the Allstar game? You wanna bring something new, take something out? Like how you feel about Allstar weekend? Well, the weekend itself, which we're not judged on for those who are there is fantastic. I mean, I think anybody who was in the Bay Area in San Francisco last year, I mean, there's tons of events and parties and there's a fan festival kind of like this. I mean, people love that experience there. The game itself as we've not put our best foot forward. And I, I think the players recognize that. We recognize that. So as you mentioned, we're talking about changing the concept, doing something maybe close to what the NHL did in the Four Nation face off.


I mean I, I think it, if it were just straight up USA world as much as fans would love that, I'm not sure it'd be fair to the players because roughly 30% of the players are from outside of the United States. So it wouldn't be fair to pick half the team from 30% and the other half from 70%. But I think we're, look, I know we're looking at different formats now talking to the Player association 'cause we need their agreement where we would use that concept again, similar to the NHL did, where you'd create that passion around the USA playing other countries, other regions in the world. I mean, I, I'm particularly excited about it. I'll just add, so next year our Allstar game is moving to NBC where it was in the old days and will be in the middle of the winter Olympics.


So on the Sunday when the Allstar game takes place for TV watchers, they'll be watching the Olympics. Yeah, yeah. You know, all day. Then you'll come to our Allstar game and then after our Allstar game we'll be going back to the Olympics. So I'd love to play off that theme that will be smack in the middle, as I said, of, of that Olympic competition. So I think it's a, it's a good time for us to be looking at those formats. Okay, cool. Cool. Definitely. I wanted to ask too though, so LeBron, You know, he's on his last leg of the league. Yeah. You make sure you said that. Not me. I'm saying that who you think that could fill that void of like the new face of the NBA? Just you gimme like three, You know, I always say like, You know, we don't create those faces at the league office.


They earn it on the floor. Yeah. I mean it's interesting to watch these finals. Obviously Shay is our MVP. Yep. He was the scoring leader this year. But again, I mean he's, he's having a great final so far. But ultimately LeBron is a face of the league and Michael was, and KD was, and these guys and Steph because they win championships. I mean I, it's look in fairness to any individual player, it's also a team sport and LeBron made that point the other day. Oh for sure. But look it, sports are about competition. It's about winning. Yeah. And the, the great news is kind of like what I was saying about the draft earlier. I don't have to sit here and predict sort of who our next face of the league is. They, they earn it, You know, for sure.


They, they are established by what they do on the floor. And it's, it's great to see now this next generation, I think in a way it's the BEST OF all worlds because LeBron is still at 40 years old playing an incredibly high level facts. Steph is playing an incredibly high level. Yeah. So is Kevin. You know, so they, it it's wonderful to see that generation still here mentoring this next generation. But, and ultimately, ultimately that, that this next generation who want to take that mantle from them again, that that's where the competitive juice is coming. They gotta earn it by demonstrating they deserve to be the face of the league by their performance on the floor.


Gotcha. Most Definitely. I wanted to ask, I think for all of us basketball heads in the off season, we get to see all the players playing different situations. Now what you're integrating the NBA, like having the Drew League on the NBA app, things of that nature. Is that something that's like purposely saying, okay, we're gonna embrace every aspect of this game and keep growing? Or is this something organically you guys are just like, You know what, if everybody's rocking with this, we might as well include ourself in that. I, I, I would say it's, that's a case where it's definitely both. I mean, what's cool about the Drew League or Rucker or anything else is that it's truly organic. Yeah, I can take zero credit for that. But then we can be very intentional about it and say the NBA app is a central repository of basketball of every, You know, and over time truly everything basketball.


But right now, anything involving NBA players and the extent NBA players are playing in those summer leagues, whether it's summer leagues here in New York or in LA or Drew or whatever else that, You know, especially one thing about social media, it's not always fine. It's, it's not always easy to discover what you're looking for. If you think about X or Instagram, whatever else, like those algorithms are pretty good at feeding you more basketball, but you've shown interest in it. But there's nothing like that ability to go to the NBA app. And that is identifying for you, if there's great basketball out there involving NBA players off season or future NBA players or what's happening in Europe or Asia, we're gonna deliver it directly to you.


And that, and that's a place where we're trying to get a lot more sophisticated, but we want to take advantage of, of, of all that great. All that great content, all those great games that are already out there. Most definitely for Sure. Now listen, I got the jersey on, I'm saying the goat, a lot of fans miss the classic jerseys. Is there a world where we could possibly have the All-Star game back into the original uniforms of the players? You know, I'm, I'm looking around there. There's a, there's a, a gentleman out there named Sal aka and he oversees all of merchandising. So Sal, you heard that should, are you nodding your head yes, he's saying yes, we're gonna, we're looking at that idea. No, it's, we, we go back and forth. Like people want new uniform, they want old, but I, I love the idea of the, of the classic jerseys.


Hey, I love how you put him on the spot and everybody started lapping. Show some love my man. Hey, You know, the feedback from our fans is critically important. So thank you everybody. Most definitely. Well listen, commissioner, we appreciate your time at Mason Noise and Mississippi one time. Yo, Thank you. Thank you for having me. Most definitely.


One time for fanatic sex, two pounds for Boost Mobile, $25 unlimited talk text data. Where they at To 5G Nationwide. For sure. We appreciate y'all. Y'all be safe.


Hotels in Vegas might be booked solid this weekend, but it's one vacancy left. That's right. It's gonna be filled at UF C3 17. A new lightweight champ will be crowned. Grab your Old crowd and draft King Sports book, the official betting partner of the UFC. You know what's going on man? Ria takes on Charles Oliver to fill the vacant men's lightweight title as a headliner of the International Fight Week. First time betting on DraftKings on the UFC fight. All you gotta do is pick one of the fighters. It's easy, it's an easy win. If you knew to DraftKings, all you gotta do is bet $5 new customers. If you bet that five you get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Listen, download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use that Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 gets you $150 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only On DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Hey good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed. The ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver and that means you could get better rates with Route insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just a slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with Route Insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's Route Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for tells.


Hey it is Ryan Reynolds here from MIT Mobile. Now I was looking for fun ways to tell you that MIT's offer of unlimited premium wireless for $15 a month is back. So I thought it would be fun if we made $15 bills, but it turns out that's very illegal. So there goes my big idea for the commercial. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to $15 per month required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks, busy taxes and fees extra. See mint mobile.com.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people. Liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees?


Yes sir. Man, we back at it again man. Another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Still got my brothers on stage with me to my left. We got my dog. Bishop Behan out the pearl. He's how you what? Saying And Nancy what up fanatics? What's happening? Fanatics best. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. To my right. My dog. Young Nacho young Te how you what? I'm chilling. I see you back there Fred. What's up man? What's happening with it? For sure man. Listen man, we had fanatics with it and we got another wonderful guest, man. Long awaited guest man. We are very excited about this episode. Hall of Famer. One of the coldest to do. We all grew up on his shoes. Pure Hooper man. The one, the only Mr. Tmac. Tracy McGrady big. Do join us on stage, show some love.


Yeah. Hey, yes sir. Mac make my young and get up and greet me man. Turn my mic on in this motherfucker man. What up youngin? What's up bro? Huh? What's up man? You remember you punched me. Let's get this, lets get out this out the way. Let's just Get it out The way right now. This dude right here, man, he used to play so much. I just wanted to beat his ass though. You played too much. He was young bro. He just played entirely too much. Man. I'm trying to get back in the lead. This nigga's playing around too much. Say I did play around a lot, but We had to get your side of the story.


You know what I'm saying? It's two sides to the story. So do you remember what happened? Y'all really believe till you go that He said it really happened. I you, I'm gonna tell you I'm, I'm gonna put it for you. So I used to mess with Mac every day and he used to be like, man, shut the like, shut up. Why you always talking? Like so I used to mess with him. He was like, so one day we was eating and I was, we was in the thing and I was sitting back and he walked up. He was like, I was like, I was hot. You hit him in his chest. He probably ain't thinking nothing of it, but I'm like man what the, and Marvin like, what you going to do O og Initiating a young fell man. That's That's that's my little Homie man.


Yeah, it's All what's Up man? Y'all doing good things up here bro. We've been watching y'all Man. We trying to man bro. Long way the episode man. We happy You can pull up man. Like we said, we all big fans of you for sure man. Grew up with the CMAs man we gonna start first and foremost we all love the Good Feet game and you got some legendary kicks, right? So what's it like? We, You know what I'm saying? We know how you came into the league, but what's that moment when teammate gets his first signature shoe? It's like that that kid man, You know shit, we all was a kid playing on a playground and you was out there with your favorite player hooping in them shoes. And for me it was mjs, it was Pips and then Penny came along and that's all I wore when I had, You know, an opportunity to get some pennies.


But then when I, it came along, what I got my shoe and then it wasn't, it wasn't to the point I saw my shoe had it in hand wore. But when you go out in public and you see kids or or your fans with your shoe, that's the validation right there. That's like damn dog I made it. What's crazy if seeing somebody with your jersey on seeing somebody with the sneak on? Nah, the sneaks 'cause anybody in the NBA gonna have a jersey but everybody can't have 'em. Sneaks facts. But everybody can't have their own s that Black and blue colorway crazy that OG colorway. And what's crazy is, You know what I'm saying, you had like Iconic moments in your shoes. Like, You know what I'm saying, the tmac ones the all star moment off the backboard. Like yeah, when you see that, you just see like moments like when we look at other people's shoes, we think of moments.


So for you to have your first couple of signatures with like crazy moments in them, it just kind of like cemented it all in our minds. I wanna ask you, what's your favorite shoe that you designed or what's your favorite team back shoes? For me it's the 3.5 and a lot might not know about the three point fives. I wore those when I was on a USA team was a qualifying team but by three point fives. But because they don't know I'll say the T-Mac threes. Oh yeah the threes was the most the the fire that we still sell to this day. Yeah, the T-Mac threes, You know what I'm saying? Almost got me a whooping in my household. 'cause I asked my mama to buy two pair of shoes so I could mismatch 'em and she was like yeah we ain't going for that. Most definitely man. But listen man, before we get to the episode, we got a gift for you man.


Shout to Tommy John. Tommy John. Tommy John. Yes sir. Be here. Tell the people what they need to do for you sir. Man just wear them draws. That's it. Some draws Wear them draws. I don't know if they fits on. Nah they Ain't white. They not Be no white draws. They not, they not. Then they Got the elastic band to Extendo band. Pull small man for today's how it takes the ball handling matters. Pauses not on the court but I'm talking he get draws keeping balls handled with Tommy. You see that little pouch in the front? Hey yo, That's, that's to get him together right there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Gray drums are like gray sweatpants. You know the vibes. Shout out to Tommy John. Hey, own it up like Bill boy side is crazy.


Shout out to Tommy Dun Bro. Shout Tommy. Tommy John. Man You know we rocking heavy with y'all man. But you've met going crazy recently man. We gotta talk about it Instantly. Oh you about to say It. Hey you brought up and we ain't gonna get to it. We ain't trying to be messy. But you brought up an Indiana Pacer legend man, sir. Yes sir. One of the Dakota lay up at the PG for the Pacers. Our dog Jamal tends to Yes sir. For sure. We heard a back and forth conversation about Kyrie. That's cool. We ain't gonna get to that. But it is dope to hear players, especially who is around show love that people who don't get like recognition all the time. Yeah, I'm glad you said that 'cause that was the sole reason for for me saying that. Yeah, I know I'm a, trust me, I know basketball bro. Yeah. And I know Kyrie is the best when it comes to handles.


It's two of my best and it's, I'm on record of saying this, it's Kyrie and Skip to my Lou, my old teammate. Right. Austin. Austin. Them the two best like for me. Okay. But yeah, when I get an opportunity to highlight somebody that's in my generation of basketball in my era, I'm gonna take the time to do that. The thing is, people don't know my agenda when I said that. So of course I expect that reaction. Yeah. And it's the reaction that I wanted. Yeah. Right. Because I'm highlighting somebody like when you look at Jamal Tinsley bro people and comparing him to Kyrie, yeah they going to laugh at that. But you go over and really see what that motherfucker did when he was a rookie.


It ain't too many cats that had 23 assists when they was a rookie. So although you might laugh that he's not compared to Kyrie, he's still somebody you can learn to and appreciate his game. So using Kyrie was my main goal. You gotta use somebody like that. And then the trigger words is, yeah, he better, he got better handles. Right. It's it's, it's the internet game bro. Oh yeah. That's all I did. So shout out to Jamal Tinsley man for none of these young fellow know who he is. That's the Oh yeah. Like looking in the crowd and you still see people with T-Mac jerseys and stuff like that. What is that like? Because I don't never see a Teague 55 Boston. I'll never see a Teague jersey.


But like to see that like what's that like, You know Teague man, I, I it's love bro. You know? And I, I don't take it for granted. I appreciate every time I see somebody with a T-Mac jersey on anything, T-Mac, You know, even 12 years after being retired, that shit still does so to something to me. 'cause I appreciate that. I appreciate their appreciation of me. Yeah. And I'm always gonna show love. Oh facts. Facts. Fuck. That's the best one right there. Which one? That P and Stripe one right here. The buddy On P Stripes was Tough. I was gonna ask you the next one. What's your favorite jersey? Because you got a lot of Iconic jerseys, You know what I'm saying? You got the Raptors, you got Orlando, you got Houston. What's your favorite Jersey? Me that, that purple. That purple Raptors jersey is fire.


Ah yeah. Yeah. I'm talking about like out of all jerseys that purple rap and fire. The rookie year. Yeah. Yes. That's the one. Yes, that's the one. Yes. That's The one. That's that one. Now you look at today's NBA, right? A little bit of a difference between you play a little bit more freedom. We got the finals going on right now. Game seven OKC Pacers. I want to ask you if you could play for either one of those teams right now. Where you pulling up to? Indiana? Yeah, Indiana. I mean I, I, first of all they got a, a freaking great coach. You know Rick Carlisle is, is probably one of the best basketball minds in the game right now and we're seeing that every night. But I like that cohesive.


They don't have a superstar so I like that cohesive. I like that they do it by committee and integrate somebody like me that could get buckets consistently with what they already have. Great shooting. You got great penetrators and ask someone that could get buckets. I like my chances. Most definitely. And you got both those teams obviously with all stars, superstars. Yeah. And you have a lot of role players. Do you see the league gravitate more towards that? 'cause I know back in Y day you had the hierarchy was a little bit different. You had like two or three guys took a majority of the shots. Everybody kind of filled their roles. Now with both these teams, you got somebody out there bitch who can go shoot six threes and it's all gravy. Hell Yeah. And I love it. I love it because in today's game there's a lot more hoopers. Okay. You know what I mean? There's not guys that just do one specific thing.


Right. Or one thing that's really great, you got these guys, man, they could score on both sides of the body. They could do multitude of things on the basketball court coming off your bench. When I, You know, when I played shit, you had somebody that You know can only, he's only a guy that can shoot in the corner. That's it. Like you just stationary pieces. Now you could interchange with these type of players that, that's playing the game today. I like how you said that. Would you think your game o obviously you could score em bunches, you could score any kinda way you think your game would've translated better now than it did back then? I mean yeah. Come on T Come on. No, I'm being real. I mean you average T so you probably would've averaged 40. IIII I'm not going to be arrogant and say 40 in my mind.


Yeah. I feel I could score 40. I mean which real Real I think I shaa averaged 32 this year. Yeah. In a wide open league. Yeah, a wide open game. I averaged 32 when that shit was tight. Yeah. Score was 78 to 80. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? And only shot like four or five threes put me in today's game where I could shoot ten eight, the 10 threes. Yeah. And I'm gonna get to the free throw line because I'm gonna get to my spots. That's damn near a 40 piece. Yeah. I mean I, I Yeah you probably average I might be a 40 Piece. And you had that midrange. I even when we was in Atlanta you used to shoot the midi used to like Yeah you probably the average 40.


I'm thinking about it like 32 back. Yeah, you probably gonna have. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's, it's an easy game now bro. You defensively like nah, I ain't want to try to add the physicality to it, but if you can't touch me when I got the ball in my spot, like you got a backup and gimme, nah, I'm gonna shoot right up. I ain't even gotta put the ball on the floor. I'm gonna shoot right on your right in your face. People Don't realize how tall you are. Yeah. You be you, you like six 10. Nah, Ain't no way unless you got some Heels on him. You don't realize that probably is, y'all know they had me guarding him one time when he was in Detroit. Did you lock his shit up? Hell no. He went straight to the block. They like just pick you LD pick him up, pull court.


Smart man. I couldn't move. Really. Nah, I You didn't, you said, You know, You know what's crazy tie for him to be so good? I I, I identify him. I, when I look at Magic Johnson play basketball, I see Tyrese a little bit. Okay, well here's what I mean by that. When you watch magic play dominant right hand player, dominant, dominant, you don't really see them do too much on his left side of their body. Yeah. Tyrese is the same way. If you only could be dynamic on the right side and you got two killers that can play both sides all over the court, you Think you gonna beat me being dominant or on one side.


So for him to, for Tyrese to be great, Tyrese gonna have to, if you're going to have four points damnit, you gotta accumulate for your team at least 40 points. I got that has to be the accumulation. Okay, I got you. You can't have four points and only accumulate like 12 points for your game. Yeah. Now if you want to be a superstar, I'm fine with four points, but gimme 15 assists. Gotcha. Gimme eight rebounds. Got that right there to me is like a Jason kid. That's a ma like that's having an imprint and you don't have to score that much. Got but you can't give me 4, 7, 6 nah fan. Nah, I respect It. Team back. What I'm banking on is, You know, two years ago they tried to make their jokes about Jaylen Brown.


They said his left hand isn't the strongest but You know what he did, he went and got paid and got a chip and all talking about Tyree ain't got, he ain't got no left hand. He ain't gonna left. Cool though. Ain't gotta have a left hand and raise that banner up. Get paid, killed it. Speaking of Jalen Brown, I know that's like your little brother Yeah. Is like who reminds you of you in the league right now? Like me. Only person I really see that kind of remind me of you is like Kevin Durant. The way y'all score the ball is really kind of similar. That's that's that's really it. I mean yeah it ain't, it ain't too many. I used to think Paul George, but then when I watch pg y'all kind of a little different. Why but like you and kd, y'all do the rocker hang dribble pull up. Why? Why, why, why pg? What? What?


He was a little more like pinned down shoots. He tried to be funny. He trying to be funny. He back. Pardon? Today T Mac. Pardon? Today he trying be funny. See that's my Nigga. Hey TI fucked With I like that. I fuck with T. That's okay. I like that. I like You Fry. But speaking of comparison, some of the youngsters coming up, I've seen a lot of people do a lot of, You know, comparisons for Ace Bailey to say, You know what best case scenario he could be a really, he could be close to Tracy McGrady. How you feel about that? I like Ace Bailey's game. I actually went to see him and play this year. Kid has tremendous upside, smooth about 6, 6, 7, 6 8.


Got a nice shot, tough shot maker. You gotta be a tough shot maker if you want to be compared to me, you gotta be able to make tough shots and I think he, he's gonna be able to de develop in that creativity off the dribble needs to get better. But he has the potential Most definitely. Obviously You know you went straight outta high school to the league with the NIL situation. Now, You know, you do a lot of mentoring you around these kids. What's the advice that you give them now? But You know what I'm saying, you could possibly make more money going back to school than being a first round pick. You saying what would I do? Oh, I know what you do. I'm saying what advice would you give the youngest Man? I honestly, I I Think you gotta have people around you that, that understands finances. Okay. You know what I mean? Because given high school kids, You know, two $5 million, that's tough to have for them on their mental, I was 18 years old coming outta high school, signed a $12 million deal.


But I still kept my drive. Like I didn't let that affect where I wanted to go with my game. And I think a lot of these kids now, man I'm hearing 'em, it's like they feel like they made it when they get their money bro. It takes a little bit of that drive away. Yeah. And I don't think these kids have that same type of drive or You know, enthusiasm to reach the highest level of basketball within themselves. You know what I'm saying? When they get this money I think they lose a little bit of that and it's, it's, it's strong and important that they have people around them that can understand the money and what to do with it but also keep them level headed and keep them focused on the task at hand.


And that's improving as a basketball player. 'cause You know where near where you're gonna be in five to 10 years. Most definitely. And you talk about this all the time 'cause Teague is a coach right now. The NIL it looks good but it could stunt your growth where you, you get this money now, you could jeopardize the money later. But it's crazy how y'all talk about it as professionals but they take advice from other people who ain't even got to that level yet. Yeah it is like they forget the main thing. Like the goal is to make it to the NBA. Like that's the goal. I tell all the kids that I come in contact with like okay you can get this money, that's great, you can help your family right now. But the goal was to make it to the league like $2 million. Believe it or not, it go kind of quick It a lot. It ain't a lot. Yeah, it's not a lot.


I used to think people was crazy when they said that and I'm like $2 million you crazy. That'd be good for life. But in that world it goes kind of quick though. Yeah. You trying to keep up with the Joneses. Yeah. Then when you run out your money, then your family looking at you like what's next? Yeah. Now you done fucked your whole self up and your career so I get it. Yeah, that'd be the first thing is they take care of everybody else with that money. They stressed out now they don't get no more money. It's Scary man. It's a scary situation. You know what I mean? Because these guys are so fragile and it's glorified on social media. So that's all they see. Yeah. They're consuming all this information via social media and they think, damn I'm getting this money. Like I got a lot of money in my pocket.


I'm rich now. Nah bro, you, you ain't nowhere near that. You could blow that shit to tomorrow. Most Definitely. Sure. Now you talking about you came into the league of 18, You know what I'm saying? Got you some chicken but now you responsible. But what was your first like wild out purchase? It was like, alright, I'm on that today. My first wild out purchase. Honestly my wife like listen, Hold on, look back man. Now look, Let me explain. Alright, lemme explain all, lemme explain. So I all this is crazy Because what Act like you ain you married? Yeah, yeah. You broke bread. Yeah, you wrote bread.


Pay what you weigh now, lemme tell you. So I always like Biggie was my favorite artist back then and Biggie used to talk about Lexus Land Cruiser. Okay. So I always wanted a Lexus Land Cruiser bro. So when I graduated high school, I drove to Raleigh 'cause that's, I was in Durham, North Carolina. I drove to Raleigh imed, the Lexus dealership looking to get my Land cruiser. I see this, this female that's the receptionist. And I was like, damn. So I had to go talk to her. I to see what's up after that. This is the time where before the draft I'm, I'm driving, I'm going around touring all my teams man.


So I got connected with her. The bulls are playing. We go to dinner watching the NBA finals. I felt like this was gonna be my wife bro. I'm traveling from city to city. Calling her on the, on the flight on my flight checking in. That's when they had phones on the plane. So I'm swiping my credit card calling this woman. This was 1997 fam. It's what, 2025 still married. That's Five, Four kids later. So yeah. My great investment. Yeah. Y'all make some noise For that. The best love Great investment. The best great investment Was my wife then him 97. That's yeah. 97 dog. How Old was he?


10 97. How old were you? I'm 37. 97. I was seven. Yeah. Who? I was a 10. About to be 10. Now I gotta ask a question. Did you still buy the car? I still bought the car for sure. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Where is it at now? Oh, I saw it. Nah, that shit man. That motherfucker probably crushed somewhere in the, in the junkyards. I wanted to ask you, did you and Vince ever have any one-on-one matchups? Nah, Never. Nah, we didn't. What did, tell me about your one-on-one league, man, how that start? So I I I, I started my one-on-one league in 2022 and it's really just based off of my story and how I got to where, You know, I ended up being 1996 junior high school, one of the best players in central Florida.


No one really knew about me and, and outside of my region. Yeah. This guy from Adidas comes to my high school and he has a camp that wants me to attend this camp. I go to A, B, C, D. We all know about the A, B, C, D camp. Lamar Odom, top high school players. I make a name for myself on this platform. Right. It's not that anything changed about me, it's just a platform that I got on and it created, You know, some buzz for me. Yeah. Ended up being the number one player in the country. Well for these kids out here that is being overlooked, probably had some, You know, turbulent times.


Yeah. In their, on their journey to play basketball. Who knows, somebody in the family probably died. They had to step up as a man and take care of the family. You just don't know what their role was for these cats. Yeah. I wanted to create a platform for those type of dudes that, that get overlooked. And one-on-one basketball is not for everybody. It's a lot of talent out there, Jeff. You know, it's some cats on your block where you come from. Nice as hell. That one-on-one. Yeah. So, and to me, we all grew up playing one-on-one basketball. That's the pure essence of our sport. So creating that, that, that foundation for these guys, that platform. I want to create stars through one-on-one basketball. And that's what OBL is really about. Just really giving guys another chance.


Giving them a hope to live out their dreams. That's Hard. That's though. 'cause we all come from places. It is like, such and such could have made it, but such and such could have did this. But, so for somebody else having another outlet, maybe not the most traditional route because you never know what they got going on, but a chance to make it, to feed their families from basketball. That's always a good look For show. Yeah. So check us out. OBL started a YouTube channel. We, we on our five part series right now, we got four episodes out and you can see what I'm doing with these guys. Man, they, I think they appreciate that. Yeah. We need to come commentate one of 'em, bro. Y'all come do it bro. For real. I want to come commentate. Let's Come out here and act the fool. My Next one. I'm for real for sure. Real. We pull up all rights wax. I love that. Yeah. So most definitely man. Make some oyster for tac one time for the one time Mac.


Wear them drawers. Mac give be your size boy. And they ain't thin. And that little pouch And I walk around the beach with 'em. Walk around the beach. Well that's On you. No shirt on with just these, just the thrones. Oh, you outta pocket. I know Respect, man. Y'all wearing them boxes for show man. What time bubble Y'all keep doing Y'all appreciate y'all. Yeah. Give it up. Give it up. Give it up again. Club five 20. Okay. On the big stage. I was holding it down. Hey, I don't know what they doing, but hey don't worry. Be back here. 1 45 for the Subpar Golf Podcast. With CC sathia, we gonna be going all day, all week.


The volume


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? Degree Change the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool. Rush for yourself.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing. Easy summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, it's a perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour. You should too. Distilled and bottled by fifth Generation, Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


This is an iHeart podcast.