
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in-network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's S-P-A-C-E eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast here. Yes sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports, It kind of star studded a little bit. Man, We met them at their homes, we met them at the recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to it. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm LA Cultures for ton historian. We'll see coga public scholar and recording artist. Yes, that means I've done the work on my show, the Regata GTA podcast. I'm not only talking to Flo who has the number one reggaeton track in the world right now. I'm also going beyond per to speak with music inhibitors like Lion Now who is known for RA tracks and collaborating with artists like Bob Bonnie. We're also giving you the culture breakdown straight from the story. Listen to Regata Gata on the iHeart radio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume. Who y'all taking for real N Prom BD or Steve Francis. I'm taking Barron Davis. I'm taking Barron Davis too. But Steve France was called. He was cold. It was cold. But I'm taking bd. I'm taking BD too but damn bro. Steve Francis was like, you ain't going wrong. Choosing either one. I was thinking about that when they talk was talking, talking shit to each other. Yeah, I'm like I don't think niggas really know how good if you under 30, you might not know how good Steve Francis was. Steve franchise bro. Journey to the NBA alone is crazy. That nigga was transferring every year from school till he got to Maryland. Till he got to college.


Went crazy and got to the league. Nah. Yeah that's my fault. I just, Steve Francis was Kobe but Baron Davis bro. Yeah bro. He just did it longer I feel like. Like he He played longer. Yeah, He was at a high level longer I should say. Who was more explosive though? Ooh, if you going athlete wise, I no disrespected bd. I gotta go franchise. I'm gonna go with BD though. Ooh, that's, that's a hell of a, it's, it's close. I'm gonna go with BD 'cause that nigga tore his ACL and still came back crazy. Oh man. Steve was punching on niggas Bro. That was his ticket to the league though. Like Beon Davis still had everything else too, even when he slowed down.


But if you really go watch bd, he was so athletic bro. Like he punched he, when he was in Charlotte, That BD was crazy man. He was punching on and he wasn't little either. Nah, BD was motherfucking T he punched on the ticket. Jermaine no NI mean Steve Francis punched on niggas too but Steve Francis mix tape is crazy. Well he did Detroit Hus and so disrespectful. Oh yeah. One of the worst. So disrespectful bro. And I was even thinking going down to their handle, like I'm like damn, I don't even know who had the better handle. 'cause BD put niggas in the mixer. I mean it's a, it's a great battle. Yeah, I just heard them going. I mean they boys and shit. They was just talking shit. But I'm like damn that, That's a wonder That's a lot closer.


Yeah, that's one. Everybody kind of be like, I don't know, That's a great battle. Yeah, but I'm probably pick BD though to lead my team. Oh yeah. If if you going off off that then probably go bd. But I would like to ask Catino Mobley that. 'cause I know he's super close with Steve, but like who was better? Oh yeah, he'll know for sure. Yeah. Well not well He have a better analysis than us on that shit. Yeah I just went that. I just wanted to throw that out there. Shit. Look at that old Rocket team. Him. Yeah they was. They was nice bro. He was a big part of that. Well yeah, I really liked that. Oh yeah, I was like that most definitely. Yeah, I was Thinking about that. I'm like, yeah was cold. Y'all cold don't get hurt.


Yeah, y'all, y'all was like that. He just got hurt. Yeah. Not even from our discretion. 'cause obviously I wasn't really watching y'all that heavy, but from all the players around who played against him give him that much respect. I gotta respect off the strip. Yeah. I was like I, nah, I mean of course. Duh. He made the Allstar team, which Y was just like, damn was y'all just like right there with Shaq? That's what I'm Saying. Well y'all was gonna make the show team regardless. Yeah, his country fucked with him bro. Them votes was crazy. I forgot They they Did down bro. That nigga was so tall bro. The first time I seen him bro, we played him bro. That nigga was so tall. I came to like his hip bro. Damn. Yeah. I'm like man what the fuck? And then his legs pause bro.


You know you be like, I got big legs. That nigga legs was like three, like three of mine bro. Like that nigga shit like a tree trunk pulse like bro. I'm like man what the fuck? That's why he probably weighed 300 pounds bro. Shit was crazy Because he could shoot like a motherfucker. Yeah he was like slim up here. But that nigga legs was massive bro. You know it's crazy if y'all would've played in today's NB, he already had a knife sub, he would've had a burner. Yeah, he'd ever had a three in today's NBI swear to God. Andrew's probably killed. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. But I was just like, damn, I wasn't trying, I was like who was up there with Shaq? I was trying to think niggas that was close to Shaq. He was Like, think about a Wendy. Like y'all, I think Wendy shorter than y'all. What? Wow y'all was seven, six, right? Yep. That shit crazy.


Was she wi be 3 7 4. Oh Even if you look at pictures of Shaq and Yeah it's crazy. And Shaq is crazy. Yeah, seven, six is crazy bro. Niggas is lifting their arms up and smacking the top of glass, bro. Look, You know how you, I was a rookie. You know you excited to see everybody. I walked out out and they fucked me up 'cause a nigga talk, it's, You know it's broken English but he like, what's up baby? I'm like what? What nigga? I just knew you were about to say what's up. You about to be Ching child like whatever it was my fault. Whatever they say ne how here we go. Chopstick. That nigga said respect. He said what's up? I was like what the fuck Did he kill y'all? He ain't even play. Oh he was like hurt.


Fuck I went to ask him bro, Look at that picture bro. If you ever see him homie like Look how much bigger he is than Shaq. Yeah, that's crazy bro. When you make Shaq look like little homie, bro, that's, that's shit crazy. Yeah. Luis row ome. Yeah clips forward Some ya highlights. Yeah Because I was like damn when we was talking about the bigs talking about with Shaq, but I'm like damn man wasn't nobody really close. I mean Saboni gave him a couple fits but I think it was really a man of his own bro. Ah, Shaq is a different Yeah bro, he a different Breed. I was just saying like you gotta think how good like David Robinson and them was bro and he was still his own realm bro. David Robinson don't get a lot of respect.


Well no I'm saying Dan Robinson get a respect he deserves bro. David Robinson was cold. A lot of people just may not know it. Yeah I know we should. Timmy came super but yeah bro he dropped 70 in the game bro. That's crazy. He You fucking Dropped 70 nigga, you cold. He did, he did. Dave Robinson's quality big. That nigga had bounce. Yeah, but also Shaq came in killing it at the end. Well we're not gonna say the end but You know some, some of those bigs it was on the decline. You look at like Patrick Ewing and like Lon more they was, You know what I'm saying, downgrading the time period. Shaq was to be Shaq. It was just a change of the guards for real. Oh because even the king was still nice, The king was that nigga. I just don't think we ever seen no bigs like that again. I mean the game is changing but, but yo is Is in the, it ain't a big man league right now.


I mean you got win beat, they gonna be you. The bigs gonna be so unique now that you will never see a Shaq in them. It's gonna always be like a like a, a wimpy like Mb Because people are just getting taller. Like everybody's just getting even taller. Like the point guards are 6, 5, 6, 6, 6 7 and they move way different than the point guards. That was 6, 7, 6 8. Like Magic Johnson couldn't really move. Yeah, yeah. Now you got La Melo who's six seven and he out there crossing looking like he's six foot. So you think magic could probably be too slow? Hell yeah. I ain't gonna say he wouldn't make the league or be fired but he'll be like he'd be Draymond, he would be the perfect Draymond.


Yeah. Like You know what I mean? He'll be able, he'd be a secondary ball handler make plays pass obviously he probably be a better passer and all that shit. Yeah but I'm so I ain't disrespecting magic and saying but I'm saying his skillset. Yeah Don't get weird y yeah he's A goat. We always respect magic. His skillset is Draymond like hired Draymond. Got you. Because he ain't shoot the three like that. He posted up, he ran the break. He definitely didn't shoot. Nah he ran the break made good pass and that shit Draymond dude, just on a different level obviously a different level. The IQ that Magic has, he could play any type of basketball. Yeah the way he was running them breaks bro. Them them dimes is crazy bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah it is definitely a different level. I mean nigga started at Center in one game, had 40 something.


Oh Final. Nah we we ain't comparing them at all. Nah, just similar to style games. So Step in the NBA right now though. Just putting his game how he played without no advancements. Obviously if he got born now he'd be what? Probably way more Athletic probably played different, probably learned how to shoot and shit. But Yeah. Is it over for the big man? Nah, nah. Lifestyle. Nah, I mean you see NB you just got MVP, you got yo just got MVP. I mean like you said to Tee's point it's gonna be slimmer but it's gonna always be a position, it's gonna always be need to be filled for sure. Yeah, For sure because I'm, I just don't know how trainers and shit is teaching, teaching big kids how to hoop now. I don't know if niggas are still in a post doing post drills if that's wasting they time or is that a good thing to have, You know what I'm saying?


Well if you watched the NCAA tournament, the Bigs really won it for Florida. Yeah they was catching Turner scoring in the post. They was trapping them ball screens. Bigs was making plays. You got always gonna need that. Look you look at Ka even like Go bear when you beat the Lakers. That was crazy. Come on bro. 27 24 for somebody that everybody feels could do a lot more with his basketball skills. Yeah when you need him. Mostly he dominated. Yeah but I don't wanna rely on go by I I, I give y'all a cat. I give y'all cat shit Look Isaiah Hartstein, I mean I, the Knicks is doing well this year but this a severe difference in the way that the Knicks dominated offensive boards than they did last year or even look like Mitchell Robinson now he is one of the top offensive rebounders in the league.


Yeah just you need that. Like if you really had a dominating big like or if we had Shaq against this Boston Celtics team, Shaq average 50, there's nothing they could do. There would be nothing they could do bro. He could set a screen. That one switch he gonna roll dunk. Yeah. Shaq could kill JB and them dunk. No. What? What about, what about Eah? Shawan though? Same thing. They could post for real like had elite feats, they was real life strong like so If NB was healthy and on the Knicks they would beat the shit outta Boston. Mm Nah I ain't say that 'cause MB don't do with Shaq and them like Shaq and them real life went to the post every single time.


Yeah like you too little gimme the ball like MB is drawing fouls. Yeah. Alright. Put put Joker on the Knicks. Oh It's are they beating ball? Joker the joke? Yeah they be nasty. What? But Joker mean to everybody. Yeah but Joker he not as dominant as Shaq though. Like when I'm telling y'all bro, when we used to watch, when you go watch Shaq bro they used to real life throw the gun. Oh No I know. I'm just saying like he Used to just back boom boom dunk, boom boom dunk. Like you had to have five or six niggas to guard him like yeah sinners like you going get 2000 the first two minutes. We already know you be ready. Like that's how Dwight Howard was bro. Like people don't like to get Dwight his credit bro. That's how Dwight Howard was.


Nigga we have have five centers for Dwight Howard Bro from the play games all the way to the finals,


now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase score. Ready to place your first bet. Download DraftKings Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. Easily make it a playoff run. To remember a DraftKings, download the draft King Sportsbook app and use promo code Club five 20. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance For additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See d kng.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes right? But on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen. They admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one miss anti-man for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare, you'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code Space 80


Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain because It's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In A very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne For Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug. Van Benny the butcher Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine. Corvette. MMA fighter Liz Car. Moosh. What We're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face To 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast Season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


It's just tough man. Look at it. It's a a lot of places. Man's damn near death of a dynasty. Realistic when you look at like a being a legend killer. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Stepping out. They gonna probably get them up outta here. Look at LeBron. We thinking next year it might be LeBron last year. More than likely for told bro LeBron to LeBron playing bro. Tell you 45. I don't see it bro. I don't either. I think Brian too. I don't wanna see it. LeBron is too for that to happen. There won't be a moment where LeBron, jt I don't see that. I don't think that he even gonna stand for no shit like that bro. And he kind of giving hints off like he tired of playing. Not tired but like I'm sick of this shit. Yeah like he's saying shit like yo, I'm passing it off to the next generation. Like just saying shit like You saying the signs are there.


Yeah they there. The last time somebody said something about what we need. They get traded LeBron five years ago is not saying that. Nah, he wouldn't even think about pre covid. LeBron wouldn't dare say that shit gonna make jokes but he nothing getting traded ever. Like he ain't, I think we gotta see what Bryce gonna do man. He's red shirt next year. I don't think that LeBron James is about to wait two more years and get his son in the league. If he do then he's really the guy. I don't even think his son thinking about the NBA. Yeah I I don't think that's on the game player. Respect for LeBron's obviously he gonna be solid. I don't know if that's in the, I don't think that's in the script. I think he gonna take over the family's content space. Yeah. Broy be lit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Broy be lit. Bryce off the court.


Yeah you be lit bro. Turn Out all y'all. Y'all going all right I'll fuck with Bryce Bro is going be in there. Wait till see what his boy is going to do and then he gonna be all right. Y'all out the gang here. I think Bryce's going gonna be like a a cool college player. He going play a little bit but I think he going like go into like the content space. Like he going to be doing stuff with bro and run the empire bro. Run shit like doing other shit Empire Run the empire. Yes Bro. Run the empire bro. Go to school, learn whatever you need to learn to run the empire. He gonna get to hoop too. Fuck it. If you go to the pros, fuck it. It is lit. Yeah but I don't think run the Empire like Bronny was like yo, we get him to the league.


Yeah bro got to the League. Okay. But I just, I don't know man. I just believe that Bryce could, You know I like Brony better than Bryce but I'm like for LeBron what he's thinking to me. Come on man. I'm getting my dogs in the league so If he do that's hard and I don't care. I mean it it is type hard. He already did it. It's fine. I don't think 'cause he don't mention it like he mentioned it with Bronny like he don't really talk about Nah, he told niggas he Was, Remember he said a tweet out He said hey it is, it is. Couple niggas in here. Brony was yeah it was a random Saturday night. I said oh yeah Brian just feeling this shit. Which Was crazy but respect. But he ain't staying your kids, He ain't doing that with bro. Like he let 'em go to Arizona, he ain't staying close to home.


He kinda letting him like bro go, go ahead. Come on bro. Go have fun. We are a billion dollar enterprise bro. Bryce go hoop, have fun but we gonna maintain the legacy bro. Yeah he gonna be the Littest nigga on earth. Maintain the legacy. He gonna be fucking with Mav and all them and shit. Oh Yeah. You know y'all call niggas Destiny Working for Nike and some shit or running your Daddy. He just called niggas Destiny. Mike just yeah like this is what's happening to y'all. But we A but a lot of niggas don't have this type of arrangements to Have bro. Yeah I made the arrangements. See your dad is LeBron like you can say his name is on the side of Nike building.


You're not gonna work at Nike nigga you're gonna work with Nike. Yeah bro. You're gonna run LeBron James Don't, don't Marcus Jordan me for Sure. Marcus did not run a family company Did he? Jeffrey that shoe store was fire. Yeah it is. No Marcus, that shoe store he had was Fire. No it's still there. Trophy room is fire. Fire Bro. But he's not running team Jordan. That's what I'm saying to you. Bryce can run LeBron. He don't wanna run the soldiers bro. I'm trying to hoop bro. I don't Think You trying to hoop like that bro. Rich Respect. No I'm not saying he not a Hooper bro. You will be running Strive for Greatness film. Yeah we're a billion dollar organization bro. Lock in. Yeah, strive for Great. You will be making appearance at Akron. Yes bro. You can do whatever you want to bro.


You will be going to Akron. Oh Fuck y'all nigga. Funny. What Yo man we gonna get up outta here but yo be here and tell the people to grab some merch at Man Shop club five twenty.com baby man. See y'all on May 17th. Yo back nine. We will be going up for the lover Barbie. We still figuring out the kinks. Hit the dm. She's supposed to be picking 10 guys so she don't do it. I'm gonna pick out the crowd and we gonna rock like that. So it is what it is. Most definitely man. Shout out to everybody who pulled up to the pop up but we don't run man y'all went crazy. Oh T-shirt. Yeah we was in there going crazy. You know what saying that's people support ain't tell me we did. Please stop asking for tickets from us.


We told y'all Yes. Hit Mike. No hold On. So what's the popup? What's that like? I ain't never been to a popup. What's that mean? The first, so we were selling these like barbecue and shit out there. No I bought some donuts from Longs, You know what I'm saying? The first 25 people who pulled up and got shirts, they got tickets to the show. Yeah so it was, damn where was that? We had some people lined up this morning. It was niggas lined up, people outside pulled up for the shirts. See that's how hat on your own shirt. We only Actually, we only have extra largest left. Everything else sold out. Ooh Y'all niggas is lit. Niggas lined up for y'all shirts. That's y'all shirt is crazy because Nigga Shout out to we don't run GP and Mike Nah for it was really people out there. Yeah it was bro. Damn that's tight y'all. I'm proud of y'all boys.


Hey man, shout out to the supporters man. We appreciate y'all man. Come celebrate next week in the city. Hold on. Do y'all understand which y'all don't like this nigga sometimes? Who else was out there? Was it like food and shit? This the club. Was it like barbecue each other? No bro. Nigga it was 11 o'clock in the morning nigga. Why ain't nobody tell me we did. They did bro. I come here 'cause I had something to do. Didn't nobody tell me bro. I would've went bro. I swear to God No. You know what? You know what? You know what? Y'all did not tell me. So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree. Cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans.


The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and auto protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay.


Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code Space 80 Made for this mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify The thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me.


You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal Mountain because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Live. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way.


In A very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star stunned a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves. Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne for Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug fans. Benny the butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine. Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz Car. Moosh. What we're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real.


It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War Drugs podcast. Season two on the iHeartRadio app. Apple podcasts are wherever you get your podcast. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast. What we gonna do with the Warriors? Man? Man it's so they in such a tough spot. 'cause like Steph should be playing for championships or not right now and I don't know if that's what they own and I don't know if Steph wanna leave or not. Would you call this a successful year or would you be like, I mean for the Warrior standards obviously is a successful steer but you think it's a they had a good year.


I would from where they started and where they were Allstar break when they had Tennis Shoulder to now. Most definitely. Most definitely. Nah, that's a definitely, definitely year. They still got Jimmy Year. Nah, a thousand percent bro. I think they gonna shake back next year though. So who you got in the Western Conference final? You got KC verse wolves or you got I got kcs. Okay because that's what it is. Okay. C verse wolves. Yeah. You, you don't think Denver take to seven? I don't got Denver taking in at seven. I got OKC prevailing. Mm What you got Mike? You know good and damn well we know you don't give a fuck. I don't watching no basketball. I don't give a fuck two years in this pod. You still ain't tapped in yet? Nah, I ain't know all the, the players, the highlights, the stats and everything because I got to but I don't give a damn damn Who you got DJ OKC You Think?


You think they take I I think we gonna get shaa verse A and I think that's gonna be fire match up. Use that bro. Okay, but who y'all. Alright that's a perfect, that was like a great transition. Who you taking? If you could start a team, you taking a or Shay a Yeah I know who I'm picking bro. I don't, yeah. Yes I do it. Yeah I knew I was on a AE train before everybody Mike, if you were just obviously this is perfect 'cause you don't like basketball. AE has a personality So you'll take AE to start your franchise. Yeah But I'm not mad at it if somebody takes sha. I told y'all bro he's just not rah rah like y'all from a money aspect or like a basketball performance aspect. Just like start your franchise ae your personality.


Who you talking? I talking ae it is not even close to me. Like Damn He too polarized of a, of a person. Yeah like Shay would be like I I love his game as a basketball player but he'd be like 20 if on my list if I take the Star franchise. Hmm. Hell no Jeff. If you had a list of players in front of you, I Think you would see that differently. No I wouldn't. I would take 20 Is crazy. I would take Luca Dridge. I just seen how a city fucking damn near killed somebody 'cause he left. So you love they you literally love him. He's love wherever he go. Cha Janika. So I'm taking Luca. Mm easy. I see how much people love Tyree, Halliburton in Indiana like Nah hell nah. I'm telling you bro.


It's not that he's a better player. Hey Sean Trei cup bro. But I'm nothing bro. What I'm saying is listen, it's not that Tyrese is nowhere near a better player than Shay but it's something about Tyrese that people like or hate. Yeah And that's enough to keep people. I Love Tyree's game actually I ain't never been on the hate side. I think that I just talked about this too. I think that hate from his peers fueled his game and it was good for the Pacers and him. Yeah for Sure. But it's something like nobody, everybody knows Shaa is nice but nobody like you don't hear like everybody but he cold. His game is nice. Peers, we all know he cold but like fans you gotta like OKC, you gotta be from Oklahoma to be like yeah that's my guy.


I might be biased 'cause I was on that train. Yeah But like a like even still like probably had to pick a team like LeBron still get picked before Shay. Yeah 'cause that's Brian or Ian KD remove all them old his James Harden. K Nah I wouldn't pick, I wouldn't pick James Harden over Shay. But I'm saying you said 20 bro. It's not 20 players better than I'm saying. Shay think of all no way. Like No way Bro. Win win. You say Wint, I'm taking Weby Jason Tatum. No hell Right To start my team. You taking Shay. I Love, I love Jason you taking I'm shitty. My nigga tore his whatever he tore He Can't get Shout to surgery.


He he'll Yeah for sure. I'm shitty. He can't get it this year, year bro. No I'm not Man. Yeah right. Damn. Yeah right. Is Shay, is Shay a leader bro? Jason Tatum a leader but it's different. Shay working with less bro. Yeah but it's just like For real them as regular niggas bro. No disrespect to the NBA games like everybody in the NBA can hoop but what Shay playing with bro, bro, he's over over overachieving bro. You Taking Jalen Brunson or you taking Shay? I'm taking Sha to start your team Taking Shay. If Shaa had motherfucking fucking Cat and Mikel Bridges and OG bro they raw them niggas is better than OKC talent wise.


I'm taking, I'm taking Jalen Brunson because the pressure's to play in New York, It's different. It's so much greater than he built OKC. He got, That's his dad bigger than New York. I'm just saying everybody not built for that. I'm not saying Shay not, not saying we ain't never seen him but It's different structure bro. Like I, I like people don't even put respect. It ain't to be like on you or nothing but nigga you grew up like Jalen Bruns, it just wasn't filmed. Yo Pops was just like motherfucking that y heard That noise. Yeah it was the tv. Yeah I'm just saying your pops was just like that. So that's different bro. That's different. He what New York give Jalen Brunson nigga, he like nigga my pops was way worse than that.


Just like you when you could that's why you was so good with different type of coaches nigga because your dad was motherfucking God Joe Jackson nigga. Oh God. That's what I'm saying. Saying it's different. I don't know what Shea lineage is for. I don't either. I mean I seen his pops song Gilbert show he pop seem like he was a real nigga but yeah what I'm saying no solid probably solid. But I'm saying it is just that when you growing up different like that. I just shaa to me what he got. I don't know if Jalen Brunson is that type of player to take them young niggas. You got Ka Mikel Bridges and OG bro that's a, you got a whip, you still the leader but damn bro, like that nigga took less money for a reason.


Yeah but he still like the focal point. Like he's he's still the one like nigga he's shooting 14 times in he jack the Of the Locks. You know he's shooting 14. Yeah he's shooting 14 times in a row in the fourth quarter. Like you got Kat on your team like nah nigga watch out. Yeah because even I look at them last year like even though You know saying they came up short against us. Hey he was dominated. He got C me back rocking. Not a discount shake. 'cause Jayden's like you said doing a lot but less. Listen Carmelo Anthony went to the Knicks bro. He he do not. He got it way more lit than when Melo was there. Yeah bro. And Melo had squats. Melo had that JR too. He Did but he Melo or a different, It ain't bigger than Ja.


It ain't bigger than Jalen. It Is the Aura is In New York. Listen, Nah I found Mellow himself or New Mellow New York. Mellow himself. Listen, Melo Aura in New York is way bigger than Jalen Brunson or in New York right now. I don't know bro. Kat is bro Cat bro Bro they just said Jalen Brunson is winning for sure and that's good for the city. But if you just take them as people Yeah that's 'cause Oh yeah Jalen Brus for sure. Melo is Bigger Than Jalen Brunson. Melo Been famous since we was fucking 14. But That's what I'm saying. That's when you In New York they just Yes in New York Nigga feel different right now.


This is The biggest freak Melo was losing in New York bro. And he was still the biggest nigga bro. Still the Biggest nigga. That's just New York. Yeah that's the or but I'm Saying but they said he's the biggest free agent signing in New York Knicks history. I'm not mad at that. That's coming from a basketball perspective. I'm talking about over overall. Nigga if Jayla Brunson walked down the street in New York right now and Melo walked down the street, they gonna be like Mel Jay B Fuck. I swear to God bro. He got the Knicks lick. He dude bro. But it's a lot of niggas with him. He the biggest for the Knicks right now. I'm telling you. Mellow's popularity Melo that Aura is different bro. Melo is that nigga Brunson works so fucking hard to get where he is now.


Jalen Brunson is a blue collar nigga. Yeah, I'm not saying Melo is just a Spooned nigga but it is different bro. Melo is getting compared to LeBron bro. I'm not saying that it, but I'm saying whoop Jalen must have been in New York three years, two years. This is yeah Here two, he might go down there as the best player but I swear to God if they wasn't winning in two years He surpassed everything. Mellow did. Yeah. 'cause so far it is just winning basketball. I'm saying give him his same numbers in Mellow's record Melo is bigger. That's what I'm saying. You can't do that. The Personality I'm saying he can though the person personality, What he did for the Knicks. That's What people would dream for, mellow to do. They like we with Melo that a, because Melo got a different version of James tho too. Yeah, yeah. He got he he got Delta totally head.


No, No, no, no. And that's not, Jay had Bru Worked with Phil Jackson and shit. That's not Bru Bru Shit. Fuck with Jaylen Brunson because he took that pay cut and believed in his team to get them to where they is. He Jalen Brunson understood the assignment to bring New York to where they is. Melo was like shit I'm just trying to get paid in a big market. It's two different swags bro. I, but I'm saying like and I, I got the utmost respect for Melo. I think he one of the coolest players ever. The thing is Jalen Brunson did that shit when New York was like not popping like Melo went to New York and they was actually good that year with the Marty whatever. Yeah they was actually hooping like am Omar really got the Knicks rolling? Yeah bro got hurt and shit.


Shit was cool But then Melo came and he like lit a fire was like oh this shit popping like New York, New York lit. They got mellow, they got Amarii but it was never lit like this. And they portray didn't trade. Yeah Because they role players many of y'all, I'm just telling y'all Mellow was lit because they were still losing and that nigga was still like scoring 50 points with on all two points Ish. Yeah but it, it ain't look like this. That was NBC we watched nigga, we argued at your house bro. When we Melo played against God D Roses bro it is different bro. It ain't like this though. It ain't like this bro. You think Jalen Brunson is just as big as the Superstar? Is Carmelo Anthony in New York? Yes. Right now. Yes. As a kind Damn Bro. It is not like the, the only nigga that was bigger than New York than Jalen Brunson is right now was Jeremy Lynn.


Listen and I swear nobody was bigger than Jeremy Lynn. Yeah 'cause he Had ain't even cold. He got all the other people with Him nigga that shit wasn't even close. Yeah because he's a foreigner bro. Yeah, but I'm just saying that shit wasn't close. Like how we Talking about Ja Man you got a cheat code bro. Yeah he had a cheat code but Jalen Brunson, he like the book Rat. Yes bro. Jalen Brunson got that same type of Jeremy Lin effect. Fuck no, No, no. I'm talking about like he getting that same Jeremy Lynn was off the charts like he was the most famous nigga in the NBA. Yeah that Lin sent like He made a movie off that shit. Yeah say it ain't gonna get no nigga he niggas he was bigger than Kobe for them two weeks bro. Yeah like nigga was the biggest person in the world. We went to play the nigga it was had to be a hundred, 200 cameras under the rim when he was shooting for warmups.


Bro, I've never seen nothing like that shit. I'm like this shit is Crazy. He killed against y'all? Yeah he killed, he got a hell of a game but You know Yeah Melo had came back so it was like, I mean he probably had like 18 and like oh okay. Seven or 18 or 10, whatever it was. He had a good game but Melo had came back so Yeah You know what talking about yeah. You know what I mean. He kind of was hate a little bit but yeah I ain't mad at that. I ain't mad at that. I just stand with la I stand with Melo bro. Nah, I love Melo too because Jalen Brunson, I just don't think Jalen Brunson has that. If Jalen Bruss was like ae it'd be different. Jalen Bruss Is just a killer. Oh Jalen Bruss had a attitude like Ae Yeah it'd be different bro. Bro. He'll be nigga he'll be Michael Jordan if, if Jalen Bruss came outta the game and called somebody sad as fuck bro.


Them New York fans would eat that shit up. But bro he a silent killer. He killed and he do little shit that make you be like So if he goes to the finals, he the biggest since Pat ing bro, He bigger than Pat. He take the Knicks to the finals right now He bigger than Pat. He Bigger for this generation probably he bigger than Pat. The OGs ain't gonna go for shit generation. They the OG nigga y niggas out Pat crash out but nigga OGs gonna ride with Pat. But yeah the real nigga Allen Houston was killing bro like Pat was, pat was Allen, Houston out Four Point play Larry Johnson. That's the real bucket. Mike don't know nothing about Allen Houston. He don't know Allen Houston had one of the best Allen used Could walk right past Mike. Right now he But like Jalen Bronson bro.


Like every bro I love This. I love Jalen Bruns, I Love Melo to death but Melo wasn't doing what Jalen Brunson doing in the fourth quarter bro. No bro. Clutch buckets Bro. Melo was like that to you. He is. I think it's because niggas is winning and Jalen, Jalen Brunson is that matters is earning his contract. For sure. For sure Ain't more than and if Melo played in this era, Melo would kill Melo would be probably one of the, he'd be top Three players. He fuck these niggas up. But at this point in the pod is when I would be Googling and searching up stats when played in New York versus Yeah if Melo would be killing this league like Melo played different, Different better than Jalen Brunson.


Melo played in a different era where like scoring is more prevalent now so he would be killing but I can't compare it 'cause he gonna play, You know what I mean? So like nah you right like that's me. I'd be like damn I probably would've been a better player if I played Noun than when I played 'cause you could do shit that I grew up doing But shout out to shout out to Melo though. And you ain't disrespecting Renee. Nah I hope That's not but it's not about respect. Don't clip something be Weird. Yeah. You know how people get weird on, on YouTube and shit. But I'm saying though like Jaylen bro really got a better team bro. Healthy. Is it really better? Yeah bro because C them was cool. Yeah bro, ch C them was cool bro but this team was Jr. R Smith is better than Who. Everybody else on their team besides Kat and Omar, it matters bro.


Omar was just, Omar Barely, barely played with LeBron Do Teague. It is different With Melo. With Melo. Yeah he Did. He just got dumbed down. I he was hurt but he got dumb down a little bit with Melo there. JR Smith I you got JR r Smith. You got Iman Chuchu Was just as good as Josh. The the White boy that shot threes. Steve Nova, Steve Novak, Steve Novak. Come on bro. Fuck no. Mel didn't even have a big t. Tyson Chandler was on their team. Come on bro. Tyson chip Pepper TC TC is the reason why Dallas won the championship. Dallas Chandler building Mitchell Robinson bro. All day Talking though. All Day. What we talking about? But I'm saying like that Cat is better than Tyson Chandler bro.


They had Amarii. They Had Amarii. Yeah bro. But Omari didn't play. Come on, keep it real bro. ML Bridges and OG a Noby bro is a better duo than fucking Chu than JR r Smith on some real shit. Yeah, I mean JR is just good And I fuck with Iman and JR Smith Was outta the year at that time. But to have two wings like that is crazy bro. Niggas got seven foot Wingspans bro and guard up any position But mellow one of the wings though. Ja J Jaylen Bruss. Its really, it's really mellow. And JR Smith against Jalen Brus gets to relax bro. It is. Yeah Because he, he take, he could take some nights off. And Who was the point guard for the Nick at the time?


The First, the first game against the Cel nigga OG looked like the best player on the floor with JB and everybody out there. Yeah. Who was the point guard for the Knicks? Chauncey Billow played PG Raymond Felt was a, he got one Of my favorite point guards. He got traded for Melo. Did He? I don't even know who led that. That's what I'm saying. We don't even know who led that team. Only, only point guard I remember playing with They did have OJ kid. Come On man. Niggas got better when they left New York. Maybe it was something in New York because j Kid was on that Maverick squad too With Tyson Chandler. Only point guard. I remember really playing with Melo bro is legit. Chauncey Billow and YouTube. I know y'all check everything. Check that they Had older guards in New York. That's a fact. I mean they had a older, You don't remember them matchups?


They had a older scene. I mean Melo had a older scene. Yeah, Bro, that's different. That's what I'm saying. Jalen Brunson is literally rocking with niggas that he's around his age group. Like come on man. Mikel Bridges is really one of the best fucking wings in the NBA top 10 wing in the a I'm Not saying that team wasn't better. Mm, but what he doing with that team? 'cause nigga they don't get the ball like that nigga Win the game, nigga they get The ball. You gonna give it to your killer. What, what, what you say about Joe? Joe said, y'all do y'all thing these first three quarters, the fourth quarter, then gimme the pill. But I'm saying you doing that, He earned that saying nigga, I took a hundred million dollar cut, gimme the fuck ball. But do you doing That's My problem swing Mike, you think Mike is taking a hundred million cut for us?


Listen, I would listen. Oh, you nigga go. Oh, I'm not, I'm not taking that. But listen, he doing that in, he doing that in the fourth quarter. He about to be in the Eastern Conference finals. It is like, you can't, he he lit Bro. Is Jaylen Brunson better than Tyler? I mean, Tyler Tyrese. Halliburton, Yes. He gotta beat him though. And they about to, they about to meet up. He gotta beat him. But I mean they dig get their ass beat tonight. So Celtics might be on something but gotta beat Jalen Brunson bro. He got Bro Phenomen people in New York, bro. Telling him, bro, y'all don't gotta do nothing else, bro. You did enough. We love you. Like bro, they wanna put us, they they gonna retire his jersey already.


Bro. To pivot this conversation, I'm gonna ask y'all this question of the remaining people left. We got a lot of people who could be first time champions between Halliburton, jb, AE, and Shaa. I mean, we ain't gonna count out okay. I mean Denver, but just amongst those, who would the championship mean the most to Jalen bro. Okay, because of Knicks, New York. If he won a chip in New York, bro, He's, he's forever good no matter what. He Forever good now. But if he won a chip in New York, bro, he gonna mean the most bro. He going, they, they might put a statue up, bro. They got to though. He'd be the most polarized figure ever. Just 'cause of the market. If OKC, if Shaa wins a NBA championship, it wouldn't, it wouldn't look nowhere near as Jalen Bronson.


Not all, well, nobody give a fuck about Oklahoma City, bro. What about a That's a, He'd be listen, but nobody, it was like Giannis won the chip. Nah, it and damn, that's a good point too, but it's like if its Shaa wins it, oh my mama, he gonna get treated like Al Leonard in Toronto. Yeah. Yeah. Real Shit. Giannis in New York, if Pat you ain would've won in New York, bro. Pat, you aint would've never put on the Orlando magic jersey. Yeah, bro. Hell nah. Real shit. So is everybody with DJ counting the S out? Oh, I'm not counting 'em out. Just I'm, I'm not. I think they could win, but I'm saying DJ bru, Dj, if you win, Bring in New York, you like you a guy, bro. If Tyree Halliburton win or my mama, that's quad winning championship.


Oh, If we win a championship, they're gonna say we don't give a fuck. Small market. Three other teams in this final four that we think of Denver don't win. Minnesota, OKC, Indiana, small market teams. Nobody, nobody give a fuck, gonna give a fuck. That's how the NBA works. Yeah. So New York, they beat Boston. They the only team, but I Ain't gonna lie, it's, it is lit in Indiana. If Tyree bring shit for Us because we from there, if Ty, Tyler Barton puts Aship in Gaines Bridge, bro, You have to give him, he is the greatest pacer of all time. But Nobody gonna give a fuck. Like nobody's gonna give a shit. Shit if the Pacers and OKC make it to the final, it's gonna be the least watch finals ever. Oh yeah. You, you think the draft line was rigged now boy, they gonna make sure like they, that shit gonna be, I think it's good for the game.


You remember when, who was that? The Knicks and the Spurs played or something? Didn't nobody watch the finals? Yeah, it's gonna be worse than that. I agree. I agree. That shit ain't nobody gonna watch the finals bro. I agree. But I think it's good for, that's Why the NBA need New York. It'll be good for our city. 'cause niggas, niggas don't remember when the coach won the Super Bowl it was quiet But Pey Manning was so polarized. That P Murder though. It was but it was really quiet y'all. Oh, it Was probably, definitely mid. It was fuck about. Yeah we went, me and my niggas drove downtown like we Probably was weak as fuck. Yeah it was. It was. It Was. But only ae it was quiet. AE can say the finals. Mm. Either Jalen Brunson or AE can say the finals.


But if it's OKC in Indiana, bro that shit is not, Ain't no telling what AE gonna do if he win But ae playing on in the, in the finals, it's gonna be 'cause he gonna start saying shit, You know why we here? Yeah. Blah blah blah blah blah. But if it's Indiana and KC Filthy. Yeah because ae winning and shipment to everybody. Hey I'm better than all y'all niggas now. What's up? Yeah. And they gonna have told Obama nigga. Yeah, Yeah. Watch Mouth. Really? Yeah, like he, he talking like he like that. I am like that. They know that. Yeah. We don't get fool president, president that bro you Yeah, I'm so, And then looked at him like he offended me like nigga the fuck is you talking about? I'm rolling. Y'all don't vibe before that because Obama out of pocket.


Hey what's the nigga that played Philadelphia Eagles? I think his name was Knox Cox Paul. He was a like a defensive tackle for the Philadelphia Eagles back in the day Like Jab now. I dunno, I think his name was like something Cox but Paul, but he was like that's just a LA that's a wild as name COX. Yeah that one. But he was like good but when Bush was the president he came walking by and he was like, oh I heard you a Cowboys fan. He was like, who told you that? How You know that? He was like, yeah we about to beat they ass. It don't worry, don't worry about it. You gonna beat they ass too. The fuck you talking about? I was like, damn, Fletcher Cox is his name. Shout to Fletcher Cox. What the best? Yeah. He was like, you gonna beat they ass?


I was like, yeah, I like them kind of niggas. Nah, for sure, for sure. He Like, I don't give a fuck about you walking across the Field. Nah, but I'm saying ae win the NBA in trouble. Oh yeah. Y'all thought saying the video was bad. It's up if ae shit. And with that being said, my nigga going to go crazy next year and I can't wait. Nah, for sure. His roster gonna get updated rosters. There you have it. The origin stories of Freaky Mike. No Wait, wait, wait. Before y'all, before y'all go, I have to ask one question. Okay. Pop your shit. Where do y'all think y'all would be without me? Man, get the fuck out here. Or story of freaky Mike back on iPad. Wait, wait, Wait. Does that mean y'all, y'all wouldn't be here right now? Probably. Nah, you, you helped us a lot and I think like I want my flowers. We on our way to being a a big, big, big media company here soon bro.


With your help. So we appreciate you. Shout To Freaky Mike Doing You be doing some fuck here shit sometimes, but we appreciate it For Nah, I'll be honest bro. I don't think this podcast will work if you will. I'm part of it. That's true. That's a fact. Alright Babe. DJs turn. Nah, I that was bro, I'll give you your flyers all the time bro. Especially from a business aspect of things we get done bro. A lot of stuff would not get done because of you are, we're having conversation with people, we with Handle Business. I always give you a flowers on that. That's Why he book our Ubers and all that shit. That's why when we go out to eat, no matter who's with us, he pulls out his card like so he earns his key for, with that Being said, his flight benefits is crazy on My mama Sierra, I sabotage y'all Disney trip nigga. Let Dad on behalf of us, That is on behalf of us.


That's a fact. With all that being said, I want y'all to comment, like, share, subscribe, but make sure the comment says pay freaky Mike. That's cool, that's all. Ask Him how much his bonus was Everybody. I swear to God. Five 17 this Saturday. If you didn't get a ticket, it don't matter. We telling back nine everybody is in for free. Pull up everybody getting In. Oh, I don't know if it's free, but you can slide but make sure your asses On time. Everybody getting in man, just pull up at four o'clock every everybody that has a ticket will get in. Most everybody doesn't have a ticket. Will have to stand in line and we'll make sure that you are in eyesight of the stage.


We want as fast as possible though. So With that being said, make sure you pull your ass up at four o'clock. Don't be OCP time. We getting it Cracking. Can't wait. Five 20 day dope merch. We got Bow Wow sliding through. We gonna have a good time man. We gonna celebrate y'all. We appreciate y'all for fucking with us so You know what's up. We'll be back next time. Club five 20. The Volume


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast here. Yes sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It kind of star studded a little bit. Man. We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to it. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm LA culture for ton historian. We'll see public scholar and recording artist. Yes, that means I've done the work on my show, the Agata GTA podcast. I'm not only talking to Flo who has the number one reggaeton track in the world right now. I'm also going beyond per to speak with music inhibitors like Lion Now who is known for RA tracks and collaborating with artists like Bob Bonnie. We're also giving the culture breakdown straight from the story. Listen to Regata GTA on the iHeart iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.