
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


Craftsman days are here at Lowe's with big savings on the tools you need. Save $100 on the Craftsman V 26 tool Power Tool combo kit now at $199 no matter what the project is. Craftsman's high quality, high performance products and power you to build on Stop by your nearest low store and check out the full line of Craftsman Tools today valid through six 18 while supplies last. Selection varies by location.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser Incorporated. I get right back there and It's Bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs spot here. Yes Sir. Last year. A lot of the problems of the drug war this year. A lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It kind of star studded a little bit. Man, We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to it. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast. Season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


The volume You like, nigga Jeff, your money at Give us none nigga fuck Sandwich. I dunno, but she seven. Yeah I dunno that nigga would do that shit every time. Well I'm scared of him, You know? You know what I do. I go there right with him. You want a sandwich? I'm get one too. That shit go to my pocket though. Well You know what's that about? That there was no way y'all were excited about the sandwiches. The Burger King was the next block open nigga. I never would. Donalds nigga said everything bro. We six doors and I throw drugs was open. Louis put $2 in his tank every day. That was outta pocket.


Nah, $2 is crazy. Louis Lou knew his ass kicked on on me bro. 98. Well Lucy does, he gonna laugh because he know we, I just need to get there nigga. Put the 20 in there. Fill the block My mama gave you 2020. Bro that motherfucker literal was crazy. One like a dollar. A dollar 98. Damn high school. Oh 6 0 7. Gas gas was like $2 though back then for real. Two, $3. But gas jumped though. Oh eight is when shit got cracking. Ah yeah I was gone. Yeah I had a Capric. Gas was nasty. Nasty. I remember when my dad and them was mad when dollar, when gas became like a dollar 50. Damn. My dad was like, man hell no man. That's crazy. We ain't about to be driving.


I'm like damn one 50 damn nigga. If I would cry if I seen gas for one 50 right now what I'm pulling over now, I don't care what I got my take. Nah. Yeah it's Indy car. I mean Indy 500 traffic for that. What if you look at the old days, niggas used to get apartments for 600 a month. Oh yeah. The cost of living is bro. It's crazy bro. Y'all see Warren Buffet house man, he live in the same house. He done had since like the eighties bro. He bought that shit for like 70 k. Damn. Shit. You seen that shit? Yeah. Yeah. Different kind worked like 500 now it's a regular, regular house. Yeah. Nah, it's just, you got the same house since like 1970.


And that's the crazy part. When you have assets at any point you can get them at hold onto them for a very long time period, bro. Like having a crib, buying a crib for 70 k cash. That's how much houses it was back then though bro. That's crazy. And everything. My first rental property was 60 5K cash. How much is now? Don't look like that. I bet you how much that property now. How much I sell for now? Like two 40. That's a hell of a flip. Yeah, one of my, one of my good friends, they rent it so I wanna get 'em out. But I love them. I I love them too much man. They ain't got fool. I love nigga shout about I love you to death brother.


Can't wait to nigga Barbie. How old are you? 31. Oh okay. You ain't that far from us. I about say you talking to us like we just some old heads. For real. Yeah we are. But hold on now I'm about be 37. Wow. So what year you graduate? 11 20, 12 things. I was doing 22. That was a good year man Nigga. 2012 was a good year for me. That's when that, that was my first Teague birthday party. Nope. 2010 was, but the first time I threw it was 2012. You wasn't, you weren't supposed to. We aint put that and I put some charges on, nigga put, don't put them lies on me. We carded everybody.


Yeah, you, if you wasn't, if you wasn't 25 you couldn't even get in my parties. What was 2012 with Essential. Oh yeah, that was the, yeah. Yeah. 2012 was a good year. Yeah. Yeah. That 12 was essential. That was a white Remy night. Yeah that was, that was that night bro. Me DJ had some vogue after the Vogue Wednesday nights. Shout to the Bowl. Yeah. 2012 premium location. That was after I cracking holes off the Corbell because 2012 was after I played D Rose because it was 22 I was lit. Yeah, no, 2012 was the first year I started. Yeah. Oh yeah. It was definitely after the lockout. Freaky Mike was still in high school, wasn't you? My greatest child was 11.


Oh Year before. Damn y'all young damn used to use who? My mom's Id. I I really was in that party. Why Diddy and the shitty in now You know was because of Bar. Yeah. Outta pocket. You know what was out of pocket though? How we used to have to dress to go to the club? Oh nigga I seen a, what was them weak ass shoes? Them brown shoes that had the stripes on the side. The stripes. They like the Adidas stripes on the side. But they wasn't Adidas. Steve Maddens had some shit like that. Yeah. Steve Maddens nigga I seen a post on Instagram today was like all you niggas was wearing these and when I seen them, Steve Maddens creative rigs, the spears niggas even had the Oh creative rigs. Oh. PF flyers niggas PA flyers. We, by the time we was growing though, you was already, you was cool.


Oh yeah. You was straight by then. I was, I would, I never wore You had to dress like Kirk Franklin. Yeah the niggas was wearing fedoras in the club. What ties? Yeah, once I figured out like if you play in a ba, if you play in the NBA you don't got none of these rules apply. I never wear nothing. Yeah. I was like I could wear sweatpants. Sweatpants. I think the only way you gotta really play into rules is like Dre's in Vegas where the only place they don't give a fuck. They don't give a, they don't give a fuck. You would wear pants. Don't who you're, that's the only place they didn't have Gandhi party in that motherfucker. So that's the only one you gotta put some respect on Dre. Yeah. That's the only place everybody else. I was like oh if you got enough money, oh you ain't gotta wear nothing. Vegas is, where did he buy them Lululemon pants from? Vegas. Vegas?


Yeah. Mike wore some Lululemon. Real Lululemon. I was forced, what's the song called? They be singing Lululemon. That's all. That's a song. Hey You know what's nasty? I wasn't fashion about this week nigga. I said y'all disgusted it man. No they couldn't get in the club without me. And the lady said the dude, I don't know what it was. No we didn't need you to to get in the club. But they couldn't get in the club without me. He just, the nigga we sent to the door to get inappropriate. It was like two o'clock in the morning. Yeah. And nothing was open. And I don't pack pants because I only wear sweatpants. So the fact that that song was so big and I know one of the OGs who put a pair of pants on, he's the originator. Hey what's funny is he talked the lady, he was like hey so if you get out the way and let, if I try to get to the door, is it cool?


She's like, I'm gonna tell him. He said, so you a snitch de true. She was hey She was like, it's not me. She was like, it's not me that's gonna stop you. It's them. I was like, well just lemme try, lemme talk to him. She was like, I'm gonna show the fuck. Thank God for the dress code though. I ain't gonna lie. They used to matter though. They used to keep niggas out. Especially here. Yeah, but niggas was, it was so filthy like shout out to my nigga mix man. We went out one night after my rookie year 2009 Lew birthday December, 2009. He went out and my nigga had on Levi's with some hard bottoms and a collar shirt tucked in. And I knew that we was in fucking trouble.


I said this ain't the look Jose Brown. I said I don't know what shooter but that, that ain't the look, the Tuck B part has me alarm. Whatever we, whatever we going for. You got on some hard boy hard boy Levi jeans. They cuffed with some hard bottoms on. That's crazy. You know that Cub did not do nothing for that shoe because it was so flat. That's how out of pocket we was. 'cause Cloud line had you fucked up. Nah for sure. And shout out to Big Mark and them and they was running at that time. Yep. Big Mark Derrick and them shout to the OGs had us in there dressing, dressing jeans down as crazy because I hate niggas that wear suit jackets with jeans. Those are the worst type of niggas in the world. Man. That was a look bro, I cannot stand a nigga in a suit jacket and some jeans bro.


Why? Because bro You know what's nasty too? The people didn't know the difference between like a smoke jacket or, or a blazer and then a suit jacket. They was wearing suit jackets and did, I'm like that's nasty. Yeah. What'd you put them jeans on bro. If it's a blazer, whatever you call it bro, you, you damned her lying bro. Yeah, it's nasty. I've done that look before it's, but it's a huge difference. Niggas wearing suits that has tops of bottles with nasty. Where fuck was you going the funeral? God damn. Nah I wore you, you remember you had to wear suits on the bench when you was injured you had a jacket with some jeans on? I had a jacket, I had a hoodie. It was actually kind fresh. I had a hoodie under over under my Oh yeah, yeah. Okay. I had a suit jacket on with my hoodie under some jeans. Yeah. Usually niggas have on dress shirts under shit.


Yeah I was, I was swagging it out if you, I wore a hoodie this's what really happened? I wore the hoodie and the jeans as regular clothes. I had some sneakers or whatever. But they like, oh you gotta sit on the bench, you need a dress coat. And I always kept assuming my locker, I just threw that bitch on sit on the bench and somebody was like, you thought you made a statement with that? And then next thing You know, I seen niggas doing it. Like I was like damn niggas really wearing hoodies under they suits. Nah I could, I could see that. I did dunno how swag it was but I could see it though. Yeah, that's crazy. I wonder how many people would be like, damn let me fake suit up tonight just so I can wear the sweatpants. I ain't gonna wear this big ass outfit on the bench. I swear to God, You know how man you, me and PJ was talking yesterday and shout out to my nigga Tuck.


He was talking about like how much he loved to play. He was just like, man I work out every day like I'm about to play 40 minutes. And I'm like nigga you ain't getting in. And he like, I know I ain't getting in but I gotta be ready. I was like well that's why you so professional. I'm gonna say lemme tell you what I did in Milwaukee because he was like trying to, he was trying to throw jabs but he, he don't know that nigga. I roast your ass too. Like he like I know how you felt in the walkie now that's the first jab my nigga I'm gonna let that one breathe. I was like, he was like, because man this shit ain't, this shit ain't easy man. So now he he coming back down to earth and he was like, like you never got in.


I said alright now we we activated. I was like motherfucker you still warming up and shit nigga you might plug like I did take them insults out them fucking shoes and chill. He was like, you crazy as hell. I do. We put my insult shoes in. I said For what? Yeah bro. I said boy if you'll keep your regular insults in there start clapping. He warming out there jabbing and shit. He put his towel tucked in his motherfucker collar. I said boy every night kick exposes PJ pregame shit bro he me and you got the same minutes boy be like fuck you. Now if we see you with this series, I know something going good for us respectfully. But he actually, this is not 'cause he is my friend but he actually was probably, this is probably like a series for him.


Why you say that? Because they, because they switching one through five. He one of them niggas that always guard bigger guys, You know what I mean? He always did a good job on guards. I mean he older now. I don't know how he gonna guard Tyrese now. I don't know. Yeah but he always did a good job of keeping bigger guys off the glass. Yeah. So they switching one through five probably make a little sense but hell fuck it. He ain't getting DJ like please put piece Yeah Tuck he my nigga but boy if I see you on the court I know that we are up 30. I know that we are just waiting to go to the next game. Well that's how they feel Tuck we put him and James Johnson talk to you soon. Shout to Tuck. Get well soon. I wanna see how you felt about this. You see the the twins a man as who?


The qualifying to play for the Jamaican national team. Okay. I was like that's crazy. Niggas don't play for the US team. I mean shout to your nationality that's fire. But if y'all could pick another country to play for, what would it be? Damn they got a team. Yes, Jamaica Cool Runnings. Hey we see EJ play from The Bahamas and we knew that grew up in 79th Hoover cool running and not the Hoover, California. This is a nice neighborhood we got up man Germany ain't that word Schroer play for? Yeah he do. Yeah I'm rocking with the German.


I dunno if they'll accept you but good luck. I did luck. I did my ancestry. You, you cool Barbie. You just, you I candy at this point I I did my ancestry don't see and 50, I'm 50. I'm 57% Nigerian. Oh okay. Oh that makes sense. I go tap in with my heritage and my, my, my lineage. I go tap in with my guys Josh Kogi and all them. What you mean it makes sense? That's see Joshua is is bookie that nigga what shout to JO man is that the real J That nigga Josh Cogi boy we love you boy.


But it is time. It's time to go that motherfucker Karma roundabout is crazy. He got cut. He said he got a cul-de-sac. He got not the man, he got that motherfucker borrow court. I ain't him J keep rocking the thing head man bro. Fucking his dick. He got the soul In here Man. The so Mike why you zooming head nigga Josh? We just talking about niggas that can't let that hair go. Ain't you get money nigga you can get bald nigga. No well he got a dude go to Turkey, get the Turkey, Get the Turkey.


Ah Yeah get the Turkey J yo little wick my boy man in for your shit to be like that. You got a frozen like you said boy you gotta go Kobe. You got, you got. I didn't pay no attention to Jalen Bruss until you said something and I was like ah yeah my boy my way JB got the the window missing. Yeah, gotta go Kobe Barbie. How you feel about that? You know what I'm saying? You know getting an older gentleman might, You know what I'm saying? Hairline might be going but they get the braids. Is that, is that okay? Yeah don't look nice. I got a little knot in back of my shit so I'm gonna hold on a little longer but after that I'm be Kobe. I'm gonna go Kobe and my shit just gonna be low. My shit gonna be like Kenny Smith. I'm gonna get a line like Dr. Shit Not that far back Though. Hold on, hold on, hold on my shit.


Not like Derrick at all. I still get lined up. You can still line, you can still line your shit. Yeah I just wear hot hats 'cause I woke so my daddy just make fun of us. He like oh Nigga she said the Number two My daddy ball but nigga he was bald at 31 so I got a little time. My Mr. T had a stressful life man y'all, y'all took his hair away from him. You nigga would've received hairline. No my daddy. Damn my damn See light nice legs starting to Break. Bite quit. Girls be killing Me. Well why are daddy, he's just going through all these pictures right.


Would you date a nigga like your daddy? Oh. Oh see You gotta ask the real question. Shout I told you don't Think You know his name on his broadcast. You can't see he's A really good man. He takes care of home and all that but he ain't Whoa alright. You can't follow up like that. That's what I'm Saying. He just say he takes care of home and it just fade The black I love, You know. Oh my god. You know what's crazy? Its almost follows that he seen one damn ad. Nobody cares about nobody being a dad. Oh they don't. Jeff is right. Oh they really don't. You don't never see them ad Mike click on somebody else bro. What the fuck are you doing? I'm not gonna tell y'all what Mike is searching right now with it's disrespectful.


It's so different. Get off of Josh. Michael know his next over over that picture. Hey your barber Sucks So you suck. Your barber's a sucker. He Sitting out in this chair You know. You know, You know hey y'all know to drink bad when you like I forgot you was here. I forgot you was here when like niggas can't really like drink it. Like ain't nobody finishing and there's some different ice than this motherfucker today. Usually I'm able to hold it. I ain't gonna lie. I said no ice doing numbers today. This motherfucker ice is crazy. This motherfuckers a slushy vibe. 30 minutes in ice and I watch final destination so I don't really fuck with ice right now.


Oh at the Glass Center? Huh? Then movie review on that Want all we get to it. I'll let y'all just tell me when you said it was strong as nasty. No it's just strong as I enjoyed. I just said that bitch cold is I ain't gonna lie bro. Cute. So I just, I'm happy that the ice and I ain't gonna lie to you. It one of the nastier drinks you done done. Damn Nat nastier. You say that episode? Well You know I ain't no you had one that was the smoke old fashioned. No hell that's the worst. That's the number one said. That's number one's the worst. This is a close second. That is pretty good. It is a clo huh? I like the smoke old. If you don't get your smoke old, this aint gonna text me. If you guys wanna go there, you gonna go to the smoke bars, cigarettes, cigars, cigarettes.


Man nobody wanna go smoke no cigarette Linking up to smoke. Cigarettes is crazy. Hey if you linking up PJ go smoke a cigarette. Tell 'em I got the bar from him. I'm like man wanna go smoke? Yeah. What's it called? You send a cigarettes Roy nigga waking up smoke Newport the black bottle some shit. I Think you should start. Yeah start. Yeah Lord you can't on lo you can't slip this. I mean you can't do nothing but it's nasty motherfucker. Yeah, yeah it ain't, it ain't nasty episode. We gonna do Barbie drinks power but this motherfucker it needs a little puree, a little honey or something.


It do got it got honey it got something that ain't a splash of agave. Well it need that honey pack. You need a booster. Supposed you make a honey pack old fashioned you gonna be rich. This motherfucker need a booster. Let me stop boy before people stop buying your drinks. She actually do make good drinks. Shit. That ain't good bro. Shit. The family fuck it. If it's nasty, it's nasty. Everybody taste buds different. Nah het take right now. You know what, when she, when you start adding the honey packs to her, her? I don't know. What's that strawberry one you had made? It was like a berry one one time. We all was like yeah this the one I fuck with the drink you made for R four nine. I liked that one. Hey that was good. Yeah fucked. That was solid. That was solid. I fucked that one up. You do. You do a good job. You do a good job.


You, I ain't gonna lie. You bar, you alright with me? Yeah some of your shit do be harsh though. Some of your shit be harsh. This nasty. Yeah this is cool. But you, this motherfucker my nigga, I ain't gonna hold you. I'll freestyle this one. We don't, don't do that to us. That means I support it without measuring. Okay that's freestyle. Yeah that's the problem. That's your measurements was off matter rap drink? Yeah I got another cut. Another cut And it like the seatbelt don't, I'm buckle up. Shout to my nigga. Take fuck drink. Y be he used to send me battle rap bars all the time. But what happened to that man? That's what he was my nigga man. Yeah now he sent me fucking hair.


Columbia Video Shity, booty bootylicious. He send the twerk something nigga. Hey this ain't Columbia boy versatile. He sent fucking a vanilla joint. Watching, watching, watching got said Damn nigga Dr. Omar I gotta try that one. That m So look y'all, this is, this is how y'all know my nigga. I, I'm just a year older but this nigga, he taught me how to throw money on the beaches bro. That might be true. He taught me how to throw. I know he, he's a booty warrior so that's crazy.


Yes he doing 20 B one challenge. What y'all wood Y'all gonna beat him up. He said don't touch me again. He don't touch me og. I whoop. If Fleece was to Yeah the one where the dude, he grabbed the dude who was doing the challenge with dude trying to whoop you. Oh yeah I seen that. That nigga fleece was talking about fucking Luther. I said man get that nigga off the airway. This nigga. Oh and y'all know that Fleece Johnson. Yeah he needs to be back in jail. They should never got out. Yeah that nigga he needs to be doing. The fact that you just call Jeff fleece is crazy. Nah, she nah, she call me. She didn't call me. She ain't call me no fucking fleece.


Fuck outta here. Yeah child about man he he a good sport too 'cause that shit going crazy on TikTok. Y'all brought up Orlando hitting? No. Yeah I called my cousin too. I said man that's crazy. I called him too. He said hey he got one more time Real for that because I was like I wonder if they gonna say something about I, I called bro too man he oh man. He was like bro it's all fun and game and shit man. I was like ba about to have motherfuckers fuck you up bro. You need to chill motherfuckers on your heels. Yeah, before we got outta here when they asked y'all this question obviously crazy shit going on to Ddy case but having kid K testify and niggas on the end there was like he better keep hip hop bro.


A nigga blew my car up. I am telling that is property damage. That nigga Thug said damn, cutting a snitch Thug play too much. That nigga may pursuit the happiness bro. He's exempt from street nigga rules bro. Low key is snitch though. That keep street my nigga bro. You blew up my car. Stop fucking with my dude. But you don't but see DJ with that bro you didn't have to, you didn't have to say nothing bro. You could just, yeah, just move on bro. Not for real bro. Not to even speak on this case 'cause I really don't give a fuck if he go to jail, he go to jail. I don't give a fuck. He ain't gonna do nothing for me. Yeah but like bro what, what is he on trial for? Because I'm like why the fuck are they talking about kid cu car bro?


They said they're trying to pay him to be away. 'cause when they come with this next round of punches, that's gonna be the one I'm saying bro this must the prelims bro like bro Key. This is the, this is the preseason he he on trial for sex trafficking, right? Yeah they're trying, this is the preseason bro. The real season's on the way and no, no, no offense Don Ugly a motherfucker. But like I hope he wasn't try and crack her. Oh she ugliest from the group show? Yeah, I, I don't know what he was on. She is mid but I was laughing at the way the kid cu came out bro. The nigga, they had the the perfect photos and I said this niggas if you gotta a rollout right now, go testify. Yeah but I mean but Kid Cudi should have set that one out. Yeah he shouldn't even brought his shit up. Come on bro. He said bro, niggas will walk up bro.


Yeah bro he should but out for what? This niggas in my crib chilling bro. I I told y'all before though. My only beef with that is 'cause Diddy, I mean heard You know y'all on Barbie type of time with that. Yeah that's freaky. I'm talking about like Barbie keep my baby. Yeah that's definitely the real Barbie. No Diddy is kid. That's Bri. No but keep the, I just don't like that he got them babies in there man. Yeah all my daughters I would've stood up like y'all gotta get, I get what y'all trying to do, fuck it. But get my kids up outta here man. I don't want my kids to see no shit. I mean they gonna see it one way or another but I don't want them party nigga. The thing that fucked me up nigga said a freak off lasted 48 hours.


Damn. Oh four days or something like that. I'm kind of scared to Google that one. I don't know if the computer break. No I don't dunno how to either way. Don't don't Google that but they said nah Jeff ain't telling a bullshit. No it was like four days or 48 like yeah bro. How you stay up that long pause like a lot of drugs. I'm saying no I'm saying like just a awake that long. The pink, pink candy bro. No, no I'm saying awake like how my eyes stay up A lot of dope. Dope. No bro, it it is not that bro. At some point it's some pink shit out out bro. Like at four days. No it ain't that much like you fall out at four days. I did see my nigga what's his name from a temptation.


Oh okay. A nigga did forget he had a, he had a concert nigga sold some tickets to a nigga for a concert today. How they ruffin? Yeah David Ruffin said nigga this was yesterday. I mean but we, we know, we know nigga, nigga this for yesterday. Damn. He said I missed a concert. We take my call personally bro that do drugs. Hold no imagine this you miss a concert, you try to sell some old tickets. You so high and addicted to drugs that you said damn I missed a concert. T woke up nigga and was watching his game nigga. But no damn nigga going crazy damn imagine saying I'm better say damn I missed a concert. Not let me get on the road to try to catch up with em better. Just saying fuck it, take my car. Hey do you remember that conversation we said before niggas go home if they gonna sell their car try to reach the cause, get beat them.


This is the man that was trying to get AK from a car for my homeless person. That's how those transactions work. What happened. Right. Remember he was like, before I go home and I sell my car, he is like I'm eight grand. Yeah. That nigga say opposite is my vehicle. He had no media like he wilder bro you ain't that. You don't want drugs that bad. All he said I only got this much. He said bring it all until that nigga to bring some up. I said yeah he's high Jeff you just not in the drug industry bro. Some shit. There's some me in the drug industry bro. I know. I'm just telling you though. He not, I'm not, he's removed from that and that's a good thing. But I'm saying done drug about it, it's some shit out there. Those stories is real bro. Motherfucker up 48, 4, 4 days, whatever it is bro.


Yeah fucking bro. You take a little break but damn bro, you up, you doing that bro. It it is not. I swear to God y'all can write me off of every y don't do it ain't it? Ain't that fun? Nah it ain't, it ain't that. That's not life I wanna live. Nah, I'm cool. Lose those who do be safe be, You know what I'm saying. Make sure everybody has consent in that shit but that's just crazy. Yeah, that shot gotta be crazy huh? No it ain't. At this point you just shotgun. See that's what I'm saying. He was just doing shit. That's why he in the position he he but but I'm saying why you high because I didn't fucked off a edible and that motherfucker he feel like you could dab up with the Lord himself. I ain't gonna lie man in this show man. For real. That shit sound dumb as hell man. For real Boss Tiva ever say's talking about dapping the lord.


No I'm saying though you so high is what I'm saying. You heard that shit outta body nigga say the gospel come outside. You see what I'm doing? God no. You know what I'm saying? I'm talking about you so high though bro. It's like that edible. That's the team edible get you up through there bro.


Listen, the NBA finals are almost here and every play could lead up to the moment that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the DraftKings sports book and the official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that code Club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's Code Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See DK g.co/audio.


So we all made mistakes right, but on up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they ed up and are bringing back to the og. Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine nine nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply


Made for this Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify. The thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully. It all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that Listen to Made for This Mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes. But there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser told them From Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


So that was I We hear it now I'm gonna tell y'all what my real grief with the Pacers. Ah. 'cause everybody was like, why he don't root for the home team here. Here it is. God, this is why I Luis, this is why I don't root for the home team. And it's not that I told you I'm not a, I'm not a fan of nobody. I don't have a fan of the team. But when I was with the Pacers I had, that was my favorite year of playing basketball. Always to tell y'all that. Yeah this is true. On the court. Yeah, on the court. Paul George wanted to be traded. Well he didn't want to be traded. He did the baseball game. Yeah. Said he was gonna be a pacer for life. It came out report our after. Yeah. So I had talks with Kevin Pritchard and them, they like, okay, like You know we're gonna bring you back.


Not that we agreed on a deal or nothing, but You know how you just talk. Like they like Yeah, okay. Yeah. Like at that time they couldn't pay nobody. Yeah. Like I was the only player they could pay 'cause of the rules how it was they had my rights. I was the only player they could play. And at that time, drew Holiday was the only player that like New Orleans can play. So I was in a compe like whatever Drew Holiday get, I'm gonna get. You know what I mean? I'm like damn I'm gonna stay with the Pacers. They ain't got no point guard. This is like the perfect thing. So I'm like, I'm gonna take less just to stay at home. I don't even gotta get what Drew how get. And we had the same exact stats down there and when PG said he didn't wanna be here no more, he said we gonna be, we tanking, we about to be ass.


We ain't gonna get nobody. We gonna trade pg. We love you Jeff. It was fun. Like I'm sorry, we gonna go in a different direction nigga. They trade Paul George for Ola Depot, it's a bonus. And nigga they all damn the top five team in the east to rebuild K I'm in Minnesota sick. Like they, I could have been at the crib with them niggas and they can play how I wanna play. They play it fast. It looks fun. Teague is a bonus pick role with a Fed Generations bro. What I was, I was hurt. I was genuinely hurt like KP and Durham ever since then. Ever since then I've been bad at KP ever since then. And You know when he gonna tell me we played in Minnesota, he was like, I didn't know it was going play like this.


You would've been perfect for this team. I look at the nigga like KII ain't got over kp but I honestly bro, I forgive you now you, you, you my guy, You know, I mean I'm a ride for sure but I genuinely think KP said that from a genuine place bro. Nah, I'm not like KP Dig. Exactly. I know You know about it. I'm just saying really when he thought about it, we did not know the Victor was about be old star in India knew Vic. Nobody knew Vic and Simonon was about to come here and be that and clown bro. And he didn't, he didn't even expect that if I'm being honest. Yeah. Because then we stole bogey for a crazy pick. Yeah. We got teed up real quick. Yeah, he didn't even expect that because it's just funny You was a part of that shit. Yeah, like when he did that it was just like RET get better.


They like let me walk and like he just told me like, bro, we, we not even trying, we we can't. He literally said we can't pay you 20 something million a year. He was gonna get a bad, I was. Oh my. He was like, we can't pay you. You can't beat, he literally like, you can't beat the highest player on the player on the team. I, I, I said ooh that nigga did the cla. I told you I told, I was Like That's what I'm about to get guys you Clear my nigga was Finn clear a hunter Smooth. So remember that was like you cannot be the highest player on the city. I think back to the roster too. We had, I trade pg you would definitely, I would've been the highest pay on team. That's a true story. I would've been like by far the highest pay player on the team averaging only 17 and seven niggas.


He like, You know what's so funny about this nigga telling Peach, come on man gotta kill On Nigga like next year you gonna be damn near MVP. Can't nobody fuck with you. Oh God. I'm at the baseball game. Y'all know I ain't even fuck with money like that. I'm at the baseball game hitting like yeah that's some real shit. We gonna be all right next year. Boy I would never get him doing that interview at the softball game. Yeah I wanna be Eddie for life report come out Paul George will crush the train. I said God Daniel literally nigga because I got by pockets I said damn J about to clear a hundred nigga. I went to the baseball game. You know we got, we we got like court, we got kind of cool at the end.


Yeah. You know what I mean. Went to a couple parties together and it was cool. So I went to the baseball game but all intentions to be like I need to know if you're gonna stay here. So he told me, I'm like man you stay right. You know just you stay in this motherfucker. Right. I bet these motherfucker love you out here. Look at this shit. He like man I can't leave this shit. I'm like yeah man you gonna be MVP man I see that shit bro. You, you really just now getting back bro. We starting find our chemistry bro. You gonna be that. You gonna be him bro. He like yeah, yeah. I'm like I left that baseball game like ching ching, this shit about to be lit. I'm calling niggas like yeah it's up. I call J my agent at the top was like you talk to pg? I was like yeah. He was like okay, okay.


I was like yeah think I'ma buy a new house. He like, yeah. He like okay niggas was preplan the bread. I was like, You know I'm telling you remember I started doing remodeling my house. Yes bro. I was like yeah I'm gonna start the remodel in my career was another remodel. Started to remodel. Next Thing You know The Minnesota War. I was so Confused And I had, I didn't talk to him for like two weeks. I forgot what I was doing but I'm like this Niggas gonna the terrible war 57 million So fuck is bad. Like I got all the money in the world. But I'm saying that's just the inside.


I knew what You know about to do though. So that was about my, that shit crazy bro. That's a real shit y'all. The funniest thing about this is you look at the finals, PG is the reason why both of these scenes been the finals. That's a fact. Has that trade got us a bonus and a bonus trade got us our franchise and SG is an OKC because of pg. That's a fact. Shout out to pg. You helped everybody but me. No this is the perfect time to insert BetterHelp. You need therapy BetterHelp. We we we gotta need BetterHelp. BetterHelp. I need therapy. I got therapy already. Nah, all you do is you said well you should used that Boost Mobile kp. What's up PG said you here. What's up?


Damn, I I man I wish you would've just waited till like July. If he would've just let me sign that shit, I would not give a fuck. I would be like oh damn man y'all can trade me at the deadline man. I don't give a fuck Boost Mobile for that nationwide org. They said it works in Indiana and Minnesota Happily. Yes. I like, y'all can trade me at the deadline bro. I get it bro. I can't be the high paid player on the team bro. Go ahead and trade those conversations would be so funny 'cause people don't really understand. It is still like a workplace environment at the end of the day. Even though it's a lot of money involved, it's still a workplace environment. Yeah. Shout out to KP though. He was, he was one thing I, I'm joking when I be like talking shit about the Facers, I was hurt 'cause I wanted to stay at home. But he, he was always honest and real. Like he, when a nigga tell you you can't be the highest player player on the team, you can only respect respected like nah offense.


He was like yeah I like you a lot. You can't be the highest play player on team. No. That's a real shit. I was just like respect. I can't. Yeah. Yeah they should have made a way though bro. I wish that was so funny though. I was like this thing going to be that soda. I just knew I was about to be a pace for the next five, six years because I told him when he first signed here I was like bro why do you want to come home? Literally, literally I'm the only person that wants, that's from Indiana who likes to be in Indiana. That's a fact. That play professional sports because everybody jump shit. Yeah. Shout out to the guy. So I ain't gonna name y'all because I ain't telling y'all whereabouts. But y'all ain't here like that. Oh no. Y'all not here like that? No, none of them live here. Oh man, I live here. They don't. I gotta live here.


You don't. This nigga said up shy, we got a family. This nigga coach high school basketball where he went to high school. He stuck. Lee ain't gotta go for I'm not coming back. It not after C Lee. It snows there. You're weird. That's what he told me bro. He tell me like, why do you want to live here bro? Oh he's like, like he's like look like, like you're, you're stationed like this is where you stay. Yeah. You don't just have a home here. I was like nah I live here bro. We gotta get that C lee pod on the way. Oh we got to, You know what's so funny man, I was at the game yesterday. People were just like, yeah where do y'all live? I was like bro we record so much a week bro. We have to live here. Oh y'all know people think we really from Atlanta. Yeah.


'cause of him shout out to the man, he talk about Atlanta so much nigga. So when we be down there bro and I see people bro. They really think like that's our home bro. That's where I grew up really though. Like became a man, I shouldn't say grew up. Yeah. I turned 21 in Atlanta. Yeah. Like all I know was banking and I was just playing. Nah, I just ed you on some on some real shit bro. Like I was in big head with it nigga. I was in for making it through the NBA coming from where we from and you going to the NBA in Atlanta and starting your career and thriving like that bro. That a lot of niggas would've been able to do bro. Bro it I, it's a blessing because we had some cool vets and then Atlanta was a city that kind of, it wasn't too much like, 'cause I ain't really, I wasn't a too much nigga ever in my life.


Yeah. Like, You know what I mean? When we was here I ain't do too much. Yeah. But even when I got to Atlanta, I don't, I didn't know all the shit you could really do until I got like 27, 28 and you like damn you could spend that much money in a night babe. I ain't never knew that because my vets did a good job. Like yeah. I never paid for none of my first two years but when I started realizing how much a table could be. Yeah it was a, it was a hip hop awards. Never forget hip hop awards and the table was $10,000. Yeah you that stuck in your head. And I said somebody's paying $10,000 to sit in a section that I paid for yesterday for 1500.


Yes. I, because I called back, lemme get that same section from last night. I had a tomboy. He said yeah it's gonna be 10 bands. Woo. He said Huh? It was 15 Y's. Right. He is like it wasn't gonna buy in there. Hey enter tonight. I said yeah that work, that's how work And that's back in the day y'all. I told you Atlanta is cheaper now. Yeah. Way cheaper than it was back then. That's how that worked. 10 bang. I called, called four niggas. Y'all I'm supposed to in the league. That's nasty. And they all rolling though. Shout to my dog. She everybody man they was like, they like we split the table man. That's crazy man. We split that motherfucker full away. Shout to Josh man. I partied on your dog before too. Me too.


All the time. Shout to Joe. Shout to real one Joe. Joe made me look like a star on New Year's. Shout to my nigga Joe. Man I had all, I had everybody from, I grew up with Indianapolis at a New Year's party. Nigga in Joe's section took that bitch over. We was so many of us in that motherfucking Joe said man you got it dog left nigga we in that bitch with all the bottle chicken, wigs, everything. Swear to God. I said damn they they broke the bill. I was like oh he did me like that. Like dude was being funny like man here go your bill. I was like oh no, no no, no this Joe. Shit. He like man already paid for it dude. I was kind nigga you was. I like hell nah that nigga nigga already paid for you.


Good. I'm be a nigga. You won't find nigga about to run out. Got to be fine than me motherfucker. And local news point guard Jeff T runs out on Bill. I don't know if you could run down in Atlanta, hell fold you up. Boy I with ag them gangster get that 10 back one way the show I'm gonna run off on C ho of cash one weekend though. My Run off the plug. You go see him at your next bit's crazy. Yeah, that's a fact. Shout to my niggas. What else happened in the world man, that's some Minneapolis shit for sure. I used see NA 26 coming back July 10th. Yeah. Oh they bringing a new another one out. It's gonna keep going.


Yeah, they hopefully they gonna get to the basketball. That's the next plan. Mm. What'd they bringing out? NCAA football. That was probably one of my favorite games last year. They brought it back. It's been gone a long time. I was a March Madness nigga bro. They they, that's what they trying to do. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? They might get that in 27. That'd be fine. As long as I can make Alabama a and m Duke. I'm cool with that. Yeah. Create me and all my niggas. That's what I used to do. Bro. Used to build the school. I didn't like, I like, I like college football last year they gotta do something. I liked it. It was cool. It was cool man. I ain't gonna hate. Nah what's the, what's the, the big adjustment between playing that and Madden? Yeah like Madden was so different but like the reason I like college football though.


'cause it made you feel like a kid pause like, but like You know how we played the game. It what nigga you could run the, you could run the ball back and do crazy shit. Yeah bro. Like Madden now it is so damn realistic. You try to be to Yeah you gotta damn near be really good. You could damn near be sad and NCAA ain't win because you could do some fluky shit. You fumbles all type of shit. But like it was like a video game. See I liked it from the point 'cause I was just building programs. I'm out here recruiting, I'm doing all that shit. That's the fire part about it bro. I ain't doing that shit is tedious as fuck bro. Story line. I fuck with that though. I with shit. You wanna talk about turning your team to a powerhouse bro. It takes man, I love that bro. Doing that shit on March Manness building that school for four years bro.


Yes bro. The call go ahead. Your team and your players get better every year too. When you the the coldest player on March Madness ever. Was Lamar Odom when he was at Rhode Island? No. What? No nigga. What's my buddy from iu? Bracy Wright was Oh, Bryce Wright. Was the nigga ever on fucking March Mass? Nah, it was Ammar, Oman, Rhode and the ugly African nigga number 33 from Yukon. What the was wrong? Hell going man, nigga Bill, bill, he is a dick. Hey Bill, bill talking about him Love the Pacers. I don't know Bill. Him is crazy. Hold on. That's crazy.


Pause. I had a funny joke. Let go. Why you laughing like that? Mike's Him die. That's crazy. Is crazy. Call this nigga him as well man. Shout to the pronouns.


Shout to my nigga Bill. Cause of the old college family. Shout to the college family for sure. What what about the big three man? What you talking about buddy? But what's funny about the C shit is now bro, When niggas is mad they hit the transfer portal. Oh yeah. I hate that. So, so if don't tight end, they get enough catches. He was like, I'm in the portal. That hard. That's hard. It bro, it's, it's stressful bro. What I'm trying get the program and niggas won't touch it bro. Yeah. I'm only playing six minute quarters, bro. Everybody can't get touchdowns. That's hard. I only play when I play NCA. I only played with Miami. That's the only time I ever played with bro. Yeah. No matter the year I played it was always Miami. No, not for sure. So you would've been, you would've went to Miami if you played football For sure. The U days only.


Only my nigga, I don't give a fuck up. I play lacrosse, pickleball, nigga basketball you to you. I am a hurricane. I seen that Uncle Luke documentary Super Coke. Where I get in Broy jersey bro. Put about man the Rock, Warren sat, all these ghosts went there bro. I'm tapping in. Nah, come on bro. You see the mix tape bro? Yeah, they had the bars off. Miami was fired bro. Yeah, because I only plan, I wanted to stop there. Like if I really wanted to play football rock out, I probably would've Florida State, Alabama. But I know what I'm there for. What you there for for now? You the real turnover on that.


For real On me bro. Ain't no way. Yeah, my red shirt the first two years, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. First last two, it's up. You make it outta Miami bro. And go to the NFL and be successful. You the gold bro. That's fuck you the gold. That's, well they had a dynasty bro. They was putting everybody in NFL and everybody was cold. Yeah, everybody was cold. A lot of them players was Hall of Famers. If Denver not borderline bro. What was the, I think he died, man. The safety. He did die. Sean Taylor? Yeah, Sean Taylor. Sean Taylor, bro. E Elite bro. Yeah, bro. He was, he the second best safety of all time. Miami cold on the game bro. You know who the first one is? Who? My favorite football player all the time. Don't play with him. Eric Reed, bro.


Mm. Not mad that at all. That nigga is one of the, Eric, Eric Reed. He's my favorite football player. After I heard Pey Manny talk about Eric Reed the way that he played football. Yeah, I, I could never, that was my favorite football player all the time. I remember I got a chance to meet him, talk to him on a Zoom call. That was the first, like the second time I was like starstruck. And I was like damn. And he ain't even give a fuck. I'm like man, I kept telling the Jor nigga he was on the Zoom with us. And what's the linebacker to play for? The Luke play for the Panthers. Luke Keekley? Yeah, he was on there too. And I'm kind of, I keep like texting Jay nigga like man you Think you get a air Reed jersey for me? He like, ask the motherfucker. I'm like, you think I get a jersey? He like, yeah I could do that shit, man. Hell yeah man.


Let me know man. I text he ain't never text back. Still wait for the air. Still was cold. One of the coldest, I remember last a couple years that he was trying to get to that school and that was bullshit. And he said, Hey, hey, hey. I ain't gonna waste my time man. Yeah, I ain't gonna lie. Cold mother cold motherfucker safety. Well this high school, but that nigga Jeremy finished from Ache bro. Shout to Jeremy Finch. He was, I I, I really thought he was gonna be up there. If You know, You know Legend from the city bro. Man bro would've made it to the NFL. I really think he would've been up there with some of the greats for sure. Now you talk about you going to that Miami team. I'm trying to go fuck with that Florida team. Nah. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. But he was on that team. But all the killers tbo. Oh the twins? Yeah. Herandez. That's the wrong word. God.


Well they did it. There's three documentaries. Nah, shout out to Jay Fi though. He made that team. They had a whip though. They had a whip. Irv Meyer bro had what? The wildest program popping at the south. I would've definitely fucked the floor get us in that what my type of team. I was probably like the LSU player. I would've went to LSU which year though? Nah, no, no, I'm talking played football like I was a top whiteout. Like I would've been like Jamar, chase, Odell, Justin Jefferson, like I would've been with Couldn't be me. I honestly wouldn't. What's my boy that went to Texas a and m? Johnny Manze. Yeah, that's who you would've been. Yep. Gone ahead. DNB cocaine music.


You know, I mean where we at tonight? Johnny? Johnny Manze had LeBron James coming to Texas ahead go bro. He did bro. You know what's crazy bro? Beating Alabama changed his life so quick. I mean he was always solid but that went alone bro. Turned him the fuck up. He was going craziness. He was the Lamar Odema football bro. That's a wild comparison. That real, they trying to, they trying to say, oh buddy, you Lamar Oman football now. Who? Stefan Diggs. Oh no. You see that shit. He the future that's fucked up. See going live and them damn. I'll tell y'all going live and them fucking phones and that party. Look man, look real nice man. It fuck it, fuck everybody up. But I think bro was so in his zone, he probably just minding his business bro.


But that's a hell if that was far away, that's a hell of a Zoom, bro. Oh that, that wasn't because it looked like she, whoever was recording was right there. She was, You know what I'm saying? I don't think he really cared bro. Just the vibes bro. Just the vibes bro. She hit the magic and then Cardi on the Cardi on the boat too. Yeah, bro's. It is a party bro. So man, give him Miss Crown man. What we doing man? He ain't in nobody way. He ain't bothering nobody. That looks like an elite pregame to me. He just taking shit. The ratio was very respectable that that was fired. But they trying to say the Pinky had the pink candy. Yeah, they trying to put that Diddy out there. Yeah, they trying to put that, I thought that was Bubble Gum. I didn't know what Bubble Gum Steph? Yeah, that different with Bubble.


I thought it was like her lip BSS or something. Yeah, I didn't give, oh she wanted her lip. All right. What? What It is like a can't you tell? Yeah, I'm like who gives a fuck? Why y'all looking at that bundles and he was giving it to her like this is your shit. Take this away from me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like little Sarah past shit, he's innocent to me. Yeah, that could be an edible. I'm outside Melted. It could be a sativa. I'm talking about I had a pink one before they coach had to respond to it though. Y'all seen that? Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah, he had to talk about that. I'm like damn man, them cameras man. Sit your ass down. Whoever the motherfucker that was recording. Yeah, I'm so why they got NDAs though man? He why which? The one in New England. So he, he can wall out right now. Yeah. Y'all need me?


Yeah, he gonna kill, he do his job. We talked about that like when we used to, You know we've been around some superstar people and they'd be like, Hey man, get that phone. That motherfucker lock it up, lock get them to lock them phones up. Killer. Yeah because they, you might not, you might under your business bro. You ain't even on that shit bro. And we don't even know what it is but them, You know, we just, they gonna assume the worst no matter what it is. Right. I don't want that for you man. 'cause shit, it's who he is around bro. You around them foreign women, You know they all chill Powder puffs chill bro. So ain't true. If that, if that was four, if he had four sexy Reds in front of him that that's probably some candy for sure. Definitely some. So Patch probably just would've seen the smoke here. But he had your Columbiana shout to the import of the tariffs.


Can't do that. Dominican us. Yeah, I can't do that bro. Puerto Ricans. No bro. Shout to the ethnicities. I can't do that bro. Why not bro, it look at it Mike, that fits the sand. It's kind like ah. Yeah I don't think none of themselves make dream teeth so Yeah, gimme a Pablo t-shirt man. Y outta pocket bro. I can't laugh at this bro. He gonna be like nigga that's you. Oh I ain't, I ain't even no that's team no drugs. You know he strict no drugs. Why coolers? I saying what the, you said why coolers sell drugs?


That's cool, that's cool. But I'm talking about just You know, having your coach have respond for that spur. Yeah. Like that's how would you respond coach? If I had to respond to a player? Yeah, I, first of all, I don't think he's doing nothing wrong. I hope that's not nothing wrong. Nah. Yeah, we joke about that. Yeah, I'm just saying. I be like I just wouldn't want to, that's what I'm saying. I would tell him like, man you gonna have fun, you on vacation, you doing your thing. Just tell them I don't care that you got 15 girlfriends or you with 15 girls. I don't care. Just put tell 'em to put their phone up. Yeah. Nah for I just enjoyed the moment. Yeah. Before we got here I wanted to ask you this. I was watching Coach Carter the other day. I forgot when they won the tournament and then they all went out and party afterwards. I'm like if you the head coach you gotta go fight your team.


What you on? Who me? Yeah man, I, I'm, I'm, I'm cool so I just be, I'll round them all up. I sit 'em down. I just talk to him like, man what y'all on? Like what y'all, what y'all doing bro? Yeah y'all trying to throw some shit away. You're trying to throw your life away. But I wouldn't like make on run the initial convo gotta be calm. Yeah cool. You turn the both turn up on him on the next one for sure. Yeah, I wouldn't bro, when my nigga got back and found out their grades was ass bro. Nah that that's I'll be on that. He lost it all bro. He lost out For real. He lost it. Nah, I be on that though. Like they grade bad grades bro. I be on that. Yeah, you playing with your future bro? Yeah, I won't I get to college graduate but you man. Yeah I be on that.


Them grades be here. No, we tell on nigga in a heartbeat for sure. I call you, I call a period heartbeat boy. Yeah because are here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Gotta get on Bobby ass though. They probably you a good and I even Bobby like that. He don't got bad grades but it's just like nah you just got step it up. We got an expectation for him. Nah for sure. You know he gonna be a D one athlete so it's like hey we ain't about to nah I tighten up my nigga for sure. And that support system is everywhere. Niggas think that. Nah, everybody's paying attention to you bro. Make sure you succeed. Hey it is so funny 'cause everybody look at us a podcast, You know what I mean? They like ah y'all cool as hell. And then they like, You know you see the kids, they be like man you, you be clouding on the podcast. And then I'm the nigga that tell they mama on 'em.


Fuck nigga telling all this. Yeah, yeah. John didn't turn his own work last night. Everything okay at home? What up? I hear him on the phone Jo you ain't turning that homework like they see me the next day. This nigga no coach. Swear he cool. Police as nigga straight, straight fed. He telling all, all swear he cool. For sure man.


Before we get out here and be here and tell people they can grab some merch. Shop club five twenty.com baby come on. You know the vibes, new flavors on there every week man. Shout out to Boost Mobile. We appreciate y'all. $25 unlimited. Don't forget the first three months are $15. That's for sure man you got that tap in. You need a extra phone one for your kid. Get that wifi, get your streaming going. Boost Mobile got you tap in $25. Yeah unlimited 5G. You know the vibe. We back yeah you ain. You gotta have wifi. Wifi if you got 5G it's nationwide. Yeah for sure. You know what I'm saying? Yeah yo, You know what I mean. Use all that data. It's only $25. Tap in Boost Mobile, we appreciate y'all. We back next time. Club five 20, the volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Welcome to it Takes energy presented by energy transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas. Oil and gas drive our economy ensure our country's security and open pathways to brighter futures. What do You know about oil and natural gas? You likely associate them with running your car or heating your home, but these two natural resources fuel so much more than that. More than 6,000 consumer products that we rely on every day are made using oil and gas before you even step out the door in the morning, you've already used more products made possible because of oil and gas than you realize from the toothpaste you brush your teeth with the soap you washed your face with and the sheets you slept on. Not to mention your makeup. Contact lenses, clothes and shoes, oil and gas are vital parts of all these products and so many more. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it. To learn more, visit energy transfer.com.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and It's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast here. Yes sir. Last year. A lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It is kind of star studded a little bit. Man. We met them at their homes, we met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to it. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. This is an iHeart podcast.