
Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the Jets season? Look no Further, We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and Off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new Faith provides answers You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway. He tries to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport by Cara Folo, Judy Batista and NFL Networks team of experts the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, the 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at Draftking Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals Draft King Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit 100 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch Right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose the seat. The lowest price guaranteed or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Look, look at, look at this one. Look at, look at this one. Look, look at this one. She just woke up in the at at the at at a nap. That's the baby. Nah, I ain't the real. Yep. Come here. Real, real. What you doing her this time of re Chad mouth. Hey, Re, what's going on Baby? I got on my pajamas. That's fine. Why? He always wanna put me in the camera. Look in the hot, good hot mess. Good. Why, why, why, why you, what you doing up this time of night? Re Because I went to bed early. How early is Early? It was a long day today. Well see, you know what? You need to get your husband out there and get him and them get them working too, because two can two can stack paper better than one.


That's right. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait, send me down Now. I'm, I'm working. I'm working. Matter of fact, you you not allowed to, you're not allowed to say what you doing, huh? No. Okay, nevermind. Okay. Hey, RA, I gotta tell you what Ocho making so you can cut, because you can cut some of the, some of his bread. I know. I already know what he making. Whoa. Whoa. Time out. Time out. Time out. You, you do understand. I'm in, I'm in a very fortunate situation. Yeah. To where she, she's the bread breadwinner. She brings in more money, which is why I don't wanna sign. No, I don't wanna sign them papers. Don't worry about it. Re I'm trying to protect myself. I'm trying to protect myself. Now you, I mean, listen, listen.


We have to do that. Look, look how women have done. Look how women have done us throughout the years. Look how they've done us throughout the years. We've always come on the losing end. Because when they decide they wanna leave, they take half everything, They take half the money and all the hoo-Ha. Yeah. Yeah. You real laughing. That's right. So listen, I'm, I'm trying to protect myself. If she wakes up one day, you know how women are Unc one day. They love you Monday on Friday they wake up, they don't feel the same no more. That's life. That's the reality of life. And I try to stay within the realms of reality. So if she decides, you know, she don't wanna be here no more. I need the protection. I, why would I sign a prenup?


Yeah. If you leave, I want half of what you got. And that's final. I don't care what people think about me. I don't care. Shit. And you can take your hoo-ha. Just leave me. The kids Take your whatever they normally do, don't you? They take half the money and all the hoo-Ha, that's fine. That ain't no fair trade to me. Hey judge, she gotta leave. She gotta leave 30% of it here with me. 30 on Mon on Monday and Thursday. On Mondays and Thursdays. She gotta drop it off. That's all I'm saying. Mondays and Thursday, drop it off. Oh, and I think at one point maybe she did love Shaq, but all the us all the other issues that came with being with a person or player of his caliber, I think it overshadowed that.


And at some point, at some point the love went away. What you think, or am I wrong, Missing the point of what she said. She said there's one that you can love someone but not be in love. There's a difference between the two. Whoa. Whoa. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Stay right there. Stay right there. Stay right. 'cause I gotta use this and I gotta use this. I gotta use this next. And I think, I think I chat can attest. I, I just, I I don't get why she would say that. Wait, Say, say, say it again. Say it. Wait, wait. Come on, wait. Stay with me. You Can love someone. Can you. Don't gimme no good shit and try to go away. Now You can love someone but not be in love. There are the difference between the two. Stay, stay Right there. What she's saying.


I loved him, but I don't know if I was ever really in love with Him. Okay, let, let's stop right there. 'cause I, I wanna make sure, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna.my i's and I'm gonna cross my t's in my own goddamn household. Okay? So while we on Wake me on this topic, let me holler at you real quick. There ain't no baby nothing. Shit that this is important because I don't, I don't wanna waste, no, I don't wanna waste no time. Now, do you, do you love me? Wait, how say gimme, gimme the question the right way. Do you love Ocho or are you in love with Ocho? Oh, Come on now. I am in love with you and I love you. Okay? Are, are you sure baby?


How do I, how do I make sure? How do I, how do, how do I know If only time there's no gu There's no way. Because I'm sure Shaq thought she was in love with it. Ocho. I'm, I'm gonna give you something and you take this with you. Wait, wait, Wait, wait, wait. Let me gimme a pen. Let me gimme a pen. Gimme pen and pad. Lemme gimme a pen and pad because I know you finna gimme some good shit. Or me if it's someone I cared about, someone that I clo that I'm close with, right? I believe it is okay to lie to a person if you'll save them. Great harm or embarrassment. Oh No. Oh no.


Don't Do that. How do you think that? Lemme ask you a question. How do you think that makes Shaqs feel? Honestly, after all, yes. Knowing Shaq, you know, You know, let's just say 10 years from now and I hope you and re you and got, y'all got y'all married for 75 years. Yeah. If, if Rail comes out right and writes a book, I loved Ocho, but I'm not sure I was in love with Ocho. That would crush you. That would crush you. You think so? You know, so think about what you think about what you've done for Rel that you haven't done for any other woman that you've ever come in contact with.


How about boy, oh, now you preaching I'd had you done, made me stand up. Come on now I know. Hey, are you boy, Hey. And see you have more expectation for red, right? Than you have any other woman that you've ever dealt with. See, That's why you see, see what you just said? The Greater the expectations. Expectations, The Greater the hurt that comes along with That's, that doesn't work outs. That's why I always took that. Why you think I always told you Unc what I've always been good at? Oh, excuse me. Excuse me. Love that, love that, love that woman to death. Unc. What, what did I tell you though? We've been in the game a very long time. There's something very important that we all need to do and learn to do is be able to manage being able to manage our expectations.


You can't manage your expectations when you are in love with someone because you can't be in love with someone if you're managing your expectations. Because you have to be willing, you have to see, here's the thing, Ocho, in order to be in love, you have to be vulnerable. And see there's a different, there are two different d you could be vulnerable but not be weak. Right? And you can be weak, but not be vulnerable. So wait, but see what love, what love, love requires that you become vulnerable. Mm. That you willing to open yourself up. You, you're willing to fall. I'm open. And know that rel will catch you. Mm. Wait, let me, let me see if she, hold on now. Come here, come here. We, we gotta we gotta do the test now. Hold on, hold on.


See, sometimes, sometimes this is how you know you got a good, you got your good partner. What if I jump out the way? Nah, nah, don't, don't do that. Nah, this, it's gonna let me know if we gonna last we, it is gonna let me know if we gonna last if I can trust her. You know, if she, if she catch me. 'cause sometimes you only as strong as just supporting cash. You know that, right? Yeah. You know, sometimes in life you are only as, as strong as your foundation, huh? Yep. Okay. No, I'm joking. Okay. Okay. Okay. You see she Yes, she got, she got Yes.


Because the, the, the thing is, see, sometimes people confuse the two Ocho. Right? Right, right. 'cause a person can be vulnerable and not be weak. And a person can be weak but not be vulnerable. You Gotta be careful. You gotta be careful though. Unc. You see what you just said. You gotta be careful because, but here's the thing. In today's, in today's era, in today's society, vulnerability to women is seen as weakness. We It is, it is depending, Depending on who you with. So you gotta be careful there. That's how you have to be vulnerable. Who? You. That's why you have to be careful who you're vulnerable with, with, Right, Right. But again, once you open up your vulnerabilities, there's an expectation level. And when that expectation level, level is not met, therein lies the hurt.


Therein lies the pain. Mm. He knows how to use all of that. So when he, when he plays inside out, it helps, it helps him out a lot. Mm. Hey re that when you ain't talking down. Hey Ra. Huh? Oh, how going are we good Ra? How you doing? Tired. I Working hard. Hey, stand your ground, RA. Don't let him run over you because he type, try to run over somebody. Don't let him do it. Ra, I'm not Up. Nah. Why you over there bumper your gum In public.


Gosh, it's family. This, it's just family. Ocho. We at the poll. Would you let your kids go hungry so your B fff kids could eat? Yeah, our kids will starve 33%. Ocho kids will starve 67%. Bam. Damn. And he trying to take money. He trying to take money at the kids'. Money out the kids' mouth. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She say nah, we can't Do that. But hey bra braid real put real, real. Come on, come Man. Come here, come here, come here, come here. Five minutes of Fame. Say she want her little five minutes of Fame. Let me take over. Real. How you doing hun? I'm doing good. You can see Gill right there would you's up.


Hey, how you doing? Would You take what up? Because of, Would you take ki would you take food out your kids' mouth so your best friend kids could eat? So you let your kids go hungry and your best friend kids eat? No, what I would do is I would split it evenly so they all can eat. Ah, no, I gotta have my kids healthy, plump Family full. But listen, my best friend kids are like, they're like family. They're like my own. They're my nieces and nephews. So I gotta make sure they're good too. So tell us, Ah, you know what? That's so nice. Rel Where you been? Rel where you been? We haven't seen you in a while.


I've been working. I have a lot of stuff that's coming up. So, you know. Okay. Now what's up? You, you just stay tuned. You'll see. I mean, you gotta break it. You gotta break it on here first. I am. You know I am. Okay. Okay. All right. Y'all have a good, Alright, thanks Ra. Alright. You know Osho the stay the Stayat home father? He at home. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, listen, I, I I told you, I, I told a Gil, I'm, I'm, I'm not playing. You know, I, I don't mean to be rude. I'm not trying to be disrespectful, but I've been afforded a certain lifestyle and I wanna make sure that lifestyle continues. Which is why I'm not signing no paper. She telling me if we ain't going be walking down the aisle unless I sign papers, man, shit, that the hell I am.


I'm with you. I ain't signing shit. Just, I'm, I gotta, again, I need to protect myself. Just in case you know how women are. Yeah. Women, women, women. Mine is different. You know, one day they love you. Monday the next day she might not wanna be with you Thursday. So if you wanna leave, I need to protect myself. Hey Yeah. Let her leave. Oh yeah. She can go. Long as I can have that money. She longer. I have that money. We don't do it. Well, we prenup, we won't Prenup. You made $50 million a year and you gonna live in the exact same neighborhood. You gonna live the exact same way. Eat the exact same food.


Yeah. You'll lie your nickname Doodoo. But they call you Booie. Babe, I have a question. What's your thoughts on Jay Drea and Jalen? Green having a baby. Alright, what's your thoughts on Trayvon Diggs? Enjoy having a baby. Baby's coming. Beautiful. See, she worried about looks. She said it's gonna be too beautiful. Not worried. No, I'm saying it's not a bad thing. Thing. The thing is, they're in a relationship. If they wanted to have a baby, Let them have a baby. Yes. Oh, Okay. Let me get one Go to do it.


Let me, I can't get it. You have 11. Let's make it tell Oh, my plumbing is fixed. Hey, Hey. Tell tell what you call her. Tell her Elle to get into the mic. She out there talking. We can't hear what she saying. Oh, He says he couldn't hear what you was saying. Get on, get on that microphone. He said come. You gotta say it in the mic. Hold on. She come. She coming too. Eh, my baby. My baby look good night too. Well my baby, she, she went to some, what's the name of it, what you call it? Yeah. She went to some little Alexander Wing event. You know she be Okay. Alexander Wing? Yeah. Yeah. She be she be with all, with all them famous people. Did Alexander any kid? Vera.


Oh, Alexander and Vera. They sister and brother. She don't know. She don't be. No, I don't be knowing you. You know about Alexander Wing? I do. Yeah. See y'all. Y'all y'all y'all got a different kind of money man. I can't Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Sit right there. Hey, I'm taking over today. Okay, so, so what was your, what was your thought process? What was your thinking on? What don't you ask? I feel like it's a beautiful thing there. They are in a relationship and if they wanna have a child, let them have a child. Yes. No one has to take care of their, their kids. They're not on on So extra.


Let this, it's my time to shine. Damn. Shine O your damn. No, I think it's a beautiful thing. Drea is a great mother and Joy is a great mother. So they'll be good Ocho. You need to mind they own business Man. Ocho man. Draya tried to Tried Re Rel tried to get her moment. This her video moment and you all in the camera like p did it bad. Back up. Get over there. Kind. Take my shine. I'm taking over. Y'all finished? Yeah. So I, we, we want, we just wanted to, we just wanted to get Ocho and I, we have our thoughts And we kinda in alignment.


So we wanted to hear, we wanted to hear from a females perspective and, and to hear what they're thinking. What you're thinking is what you're thinking is No, I think it's a great thing. They're both are, both of the ladies are amazing mothers. They will be fine. Dress shouldn't let allow anybody, social media, people who don't take care of her, affect her emotions. She will be just fine. That's it. All right. I'm Out. Thank you. Re All right. Alright. Ocho, we got another one. Check this out. Let me get Some, lemme give him no sugar baby. What happened? What happened? Lemme Get some Michael B. Jordan says he off. Hold, hold, hold, Hold Hold. Hold on, hold on. Get Fixed.


Okay, go ahead. Go ahead. Re said get fixed. Yep. That's it. You know I'm mine. I just, I just look for athletic ability. Can you run, jump? How high? Let me see your ankles. If we go, you know what I like to do? This is so funny with Relle met and Rel first met obviously, you know, the first date had to be something where I had to see if she had any type of athleticism. And she has a background being in the Army, you know, being a paratrooper obviously knowing how to, how to shoot a gun ready for war and all this training that she did.


So, so since you like that and you and you supposed to be a shooter like that, let's go play paintball. We go to the ring. Yeah. We Oh, you went and play paintball one-On-one. We went and played paintball. One-on-one And. we did, we did the course. And, we tried to see who could, who who could win. She Got, I need, I need to see you operate under pressure. 'cause they, they, there're going to come times in our relationship where they're gonna, we're gonna be put in certain circumstances, they're gonna be similar to that of paintball. Yeah. We out town Ocho. I'm sorry, we out of town. Need to come on.


God dang it. There go there. There go there she go Ra. Hey, How you doing? Rel rel? Where you been all day In the streets with her girls at Bru. They was at brunch and like having mi mo mi momos. And I'm like, woo. With Mimosas. Who Mimosas Get 'em right out. Whatever. I don't, I don't drink that shit, but whatever, you know. And she coming here all tipsy and drunk and like kissing on me. I'm like, Uhuh, you smell like me Momos. I'm like chill little mama. And that's it. And I, She ain't broke up. She ain't bring you no fridge toast. She ain't bring you nothing back? Nah, I, I had my, I eat my first watch in the morning. I don't, I don't, I don't deal with brunch spots that they like to go to.


It's, it is too, too high end. It's too boozy. Too bougie. Yeah. I don't like that kind of stuff. And then they, you got, you pay like $80 for a plate and the plate be this goddamn damn big. That ain't me. I, I stick to what I know and what I've always eaten. Rel we taking our show on the road. We going to Magic City in a couple of weeks. What? When we going up? You Said, you know what I'm saying? No, me and You go on vacation. She tried to, she went On vacation. Whatcha doing? She trying to insert herself in the magic. I'm from Rel gotta go because you know I gotta go visit family. Yeah. She gotta go visit family. And you know I can use, I can use Rel as bait.


You know what I'm saying? Don't y'all. Oh. Oh, you I got it. This is my aunt. He from out of town. You know, show him a little love. Alright. Hey, Ocho already got a position. You, you don't need no help man. He don't need no help. Jabari said this is proud of with re, Unc and Ocho. Both of you go to Magic City. Who pulling more? Who got more game Baby? You, you heard what they asked me. Talking about if I go to Magic City.


Oof. And a oof and a pull more. They call me Parker Brothers name. Somebody got more games than Parker brother. Look At her. She name Somebody got more games than Parker brother. She talking about not my black ass. I don't want Her. What? Oh, she's talking about we going to the Magic City classic Fab. You said that. She say that's the only magic city I'm going to Rell You promised you say we could go. Oh. Oh, she did promise? Yes. Oh man, we out man. We out man. Listen, I don't know why she even, I guess who where the pants in here Re Come on now.


This say you wear the pants, but they fit Ra so I'm saying re wear the pants. Nah, don't do that. Don't do me like that. You ra wear she the breadwinner. Whoever make the money, make the rule. Wait, since when? Where, where's that written at? The, Since the beginning of the time. That's what the man been said. I pay the bills in here. I work hard every day. You sit around and watch the kids. You don't run nothing but your mouth. And then you run around the house and talk about you run the house that's re house and you better hush. You better stop talking so loud for Ra. Hear you and boot you out. She said she, she she's, she's sitting right here. But listen, this is my household.


I run the household now. You wanna Ride it? I don't pay the bills. I'm a stay at home father. That is what I am. I'm a stay at home father. Yeah. Ain't nothing wrong with that. This is, this is one of my jobs. You, You about to be an outta the house father Who? You I Don't have no problem. I'll take me and these kids and we'll be gone. We, I'm good. No, you ain't taking no kids. She, I'm on Rail's side. How you, How You gonna just throw, throw me to the waist? Throw me under the bus like that, man. Hey listen, I'll be in la I'll come stay with you. Hey, you know what? And I'm telling all, I'm turning all the financial documents over Terrell and her representative. See what you actually getting from us.


That ain't funny. Yeah. Real. Kiki, you the ha ha ha ha.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver It. The insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely Loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


You wanna go to the WNBA game? Yeah. Will you paint your face with me? Hey, Aint that real? Yeah, Real. Come on, get a little camera. Re Hey, What's up? You gonna paint your face Ra? For what? Sit cor side like a fan. No, I'm not. Paint my face. Thank You. Re what's Y'all, y'all big time. Where y'all big timing? Me? Well You go, I'm coming to the south of France coming and Unc show Ocho. You see what? See I mean you see, you see what I mean? And and I'm going on tour. You going on tour too? I already got the flyers. I know to tell. I dunno.


Tell. Hey listen, listen, listen. We, we, we gotta talk about something. Hey and Ocho. Yeah. Ask need a headshot of RA so he can put on the flower. Nah, come on man. Nah. Yeah man. Nah. Like that one with Gil. I'm gonna get a shirt. I'm gonna get a shirt with Hey Ra, I'm gonna get a shirt. Yeah, me Ocho. And you, you gonna be in the back like, like Gil. That's right. Time out. Time out, out in, in all seriousness, on we, we, we, we creating a monster. I I know it, it is, it it is all from game. The women like here for re I. Who? The women ask The after the chat.


After the chat Chat. Do y'all like hearing from re should rel have a segment on Nightcap once a week? I, I'm confused like how is she taking the little bit of shine? I'm getting like, you ain't even call me by my name no more. You, you, you adding Rosado and like, and people are are taking that shit serious in public. Yes. You said she gonna have to do the prenup. So if she do the prenup, you gonna have to take her last name. So the Johnson go is gonna be Johnson Risto. You know what? I, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't expect for this to head the way it's heading, but it's in the direction that it's going.


Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm feeling like less of a man. Nah, don't feel less of a man Like it's supposed be. It's to be. Yeah, We gonna put it up in The chat. It's supposed to be me. It's supposed to be me and your show. And It's featuring real. No, she don't need a feature. She don't need a feature because it is taken away from my shine. Ocho. You know how rappers, rappers have albums? JB j JZ had a feature featuring Nas featuring Kanye feature when? Little, little Wheezy. Yeah, but that wasn't, that wasn't until after he did his solo album. Then he had Featured, we done did it. We done been on tour. We done been on tour for like eight months now.


Nah man. Nah man. Nah, because like, like she, I'm about like, she really, she be, she be talking to me crazy like raising her voice at me. Like, and it's always, it's like, like because she like the, the breadwinner. Like she talk to me any kind of way. She just, she just, that's what happened. Hey look. She say, oh I'm coming to the south of France. She didn't ask me, do you mind if I join you in the team in the south of France? She didn't ask. She just said, oh I'm coming. Well the team gotta come. She's not a Part. She's not a part of the team. Tell It's called Tell, it's called Nightcap Re tell Rell next time y'all order that food in New York and don't eat that ish.


That's gonna come out your pay Me, You and ra and Ryan order that food. Yes. Well hold on. I don't eat that kind of stuff, so I ain't got nothing to do with that. Somebody ordered it. They got, there was two, there was two trays. Two tables. Two carts. What you Yeah, that, that, that was her. You know I don't, I don't eat that fancy stuff. Well, I I, it was coming out your check so you No, no. She wanna be part Take it out. Take it out. Hey, you order some food in New York and they eat it. Yeah. No, that they said it's coming out. Your check or whatever check you gonna get. That's fine. That's fine.


We gonna take, we gonna dock it from Ocho. Okay. You see What you see? You see what I, you see what I mean? We're gonna dock it from the Stay with me now shirt, stay with me now. You, you see, you see what I mean? We, we creating a monster. Hey, hey. I listen to re re say take it out your stay with me. Cut. Don't, don't do that. No that. Listen, no, don't, don't do that because I'm, I'm, I'm trying. We, we, we have, we have a house to build. Don't, don't do that. Why? I can't build no house either. Huh? I said I can't build no house either. Why you can't? Because I gotta take all y'all to friends.


Oh, my bad, my bad, my bad. Listen, think, think about let's, let's think long term. Let's think where, where we, where we will be a year or two from now. Think about it. I might be bankrupt. Think, think about this. Oh no, no, No. We don't be, we keep taking what? Do you know how much it cost to get fly to France with all y'all? What? Wait a minute, wait a minute. It depends on where airline you chose because I coulda got the, I coulda got the ticket for cheap Man, spirit. Hey Spirit get halfway across there and turn around and come back. It'll run outta gas man. We gotta turn around and come back. We came back and all the way like, man, no joke.


Hold on. I thought you was going on vacation. Who? How you going to take, take all these games and you on vacation? Who going on vacation? That's what you, that's what you said. Wait, When did I say I was going on vacation? You, you and Ra? No, she say she she need to vacation. I don't need no vacation. I'm going, I'm going to these WNBA games. Well We, well we put, we built a schedule around you and Re's vacation. Oh. So you must, you just told it must be a surprise and you just snitched. I don't know about no surprise. All I know is that they said, man, baby, you Taking me on vacation? Hey, appreciate that man. I ain't even know about that. Hey, and she mu and she must be taking me on vacation for all the hard work I've been doing.


Man. That's dope. Yeah. And you just, you just told thank you. Yeah. You taking me on vacation? Gonna St. Bart. Hey, she taking me to St. Bar. Yeah. What else We gonna do? St. Bart. St. Martin. And Cool. She taking me to St. Barts. St. Martin and, and Angola. Illa. Anguilla. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. Yeah. Angola's in Africa. Anguilla, Man, I don't know these places. Africa, Illa or Anguilla? An Illa. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Ang? Yeah. Illa And, and Anguilla.


I thought it was Anguilla and thought It was Illa too. Oh, she spent, she's spinning. Hey, she's spinning that bag. If he had a couple he could have came too. Oh it's, oh, it's a couple's trip. You got a plus one. You wanna come? I ain't got a couple of dollars to spend, so I wish y'all the best. I'll, I'll be busy. I'm working on content rail. I gotta get ready. I gotta gear up. We gotta gear up for the fall rail. Okay. Okay. Okay. We got big shows. And, we gotta get this tour. I gotta make sure this tour is, is what it needs to be. What Rel say Somebody, she got somebody that could spin on you.


90%. 90 to 10 says Rel should have a segment once a week. What, 90% Of who? 90% of what? 5,000 people. 90% of the chat. Yep. Hey, it be it be your own fans. Like they, I'm, I'm trying, I'm trying to understand how they turning on me and not understanding where I'm coming from. They not Turning. They say they want, they say they want rail. We want rail. Like you want prenup. You want prenup? They want rail. Rail. They they just, they just talking. They don't, they don't mean that. And guess what, I Heard them.


I think Ash might've, Ash might've like changed the percentage if it was probably the other way. No, 90%. No. No. Not 90%. Say they want Ra Rel get a segment. So I'm having I, by next Thursday I'm gonna have a T-shirt with me. You and Ra? No sir. Me and you in the middle. Me and you on one side. And the Rel got her arms around both of us. Head In the middle. Alright. And now you what's gonna happen now? Is she gonna want that check too? Now? Now. So what we gonna do when, when it come in? It ain't coming outta, it ain't coming outta. Oh yeah sir. Oh, that, that's your house. What? That's your house. Well, if it's my house then she don't need no segments soup. Problem solved.


Case closed. Case closed. No sir. No sir. You ain't finna take my little Shine? Nah, Uhuh. No sir. Uhuh Nope. We'll get, we'll get real. We'll, we'll, we'll we'll get re in. We'll get real, we'll get real money for a feature. A feature? Yeah. How much long? As long as that, that Ain't got nothing to do with you. You ain't, you ain't re Ocho your agent and re you her agent. She, She, she gone. She another, she on a, on a on a call. How you hold on, how you gonna negotiate for real? Because I'm just trying to, to make sure for one, I wanna make sure she ain't making more than me because it's bad enough as it is right now. She got a fee. How she gonna make more than you and she doing one single a week?


Listen, you know women been fighting for equal pay. I, I, I don't know. Well I've been fighting for equal work. So if you coming on as much as you, she can get as much as you. She ain't gonna make much as you with no one segment. Okay. I just, I'm just, I'm just making sure. I'm just making sure. 'cause I, Hey listen, I I be walking through the house, walk through the household hating. And you know what? Hey, we already got it. We already, we already got a segment. Guess what the name of it is? What The risotto report. What the hell she like that? The risotto report. What The hell she gonna report? Y what Ocho We work, we going build this thing up. That re have a moment. Nah man. She ha she no.


Oh you trying to stop hold around from shining. She Would. I I ain't even, I'm not even shining yet. Can I, can I reach, can I reach the pinnacle If Unc Ocho, how you not shining? I know, but we haven't got where we need to get to to add anybody else to the, to the, to the, to, to the duo. Let me, let me get to the top first and then we can, we can add, we can have A feature. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Because see the thing is when you get to the top, you ain't gonna, I want you to start pulling people as we go, as we get to the top. I want us to bring a couple of people with us. That that's not, that's not how it worked. You, we supposed to make it to the top then you pull the people with you. You can't bring 'em, you can't bring 'em along while we trying to get to the top.


Nino. It's funny. I got a fly. I'm, I'm flying on my birthday man. You fly Your Birthday? Yeah, I, I leave them all. Well You better shake the covers the night before. With who? Ra They who? Oh. You be who? Nah, I'm Man, you better get slapped in your mouth. Nah, nah, I'm on my, Hey, Let's edit this out. Hey, you better shake the covers before you did. Now answer this. I'm on my cycle. I can't do nothing. Hey listen, I, before I go to one thing, I don't do what before I leave. I leave every Monday. You know I gotta fly to Philly. Yeah, I gotta do inside the NFL in Jersey. I never ever, never ever partake in horizontal activity before I get on the plane to go to work.


'cause I need don't praise. I need my mind clear. I need my, I need my mind clear so I can focus and know what I'm gonna talk about. What about, what about, lemme ask your question. Will re before rel go out, she going out with the girls? Yeah. What? You just let her go? Yeah. I Ain't gonna, oh no. Yeah. Oh no. Absolutely not. Yeah, I ain't got time for that. You better not. Hey, she like, what you think about this here? I said I make it look good. It's gonna be on the floor quickly. Yes sir. You don That, that, that's rude. That's rude. That ain't rude. Nah, we, we got, we got, I ain't gonna mess her hair up. I ain't gonna mess her hair up or makeup. Yeah. Nah, I'm gonna turn the air on down. I'm gonna turn the fans on so it's not about 60 degrees. Right, but Oh yes sir. Yeah.


Nah, we, we, we can't, we can't. I don't operate. So why do it all up in your face? You all in her face. You don't know what she did before she got there. I'm like that for sure. Nah, we, we, we, we, we strict over here. We, it's it's, it's, we, we have a schedule. It's on the, it's on the refrigerator. Our schedule. Yeah. We, yeah, we stick, we stick by that Schedule. I woke up. That's the schedule. Get it in. We can't, it's different over here. We got, we got, we got kids man. We got a lot. We got lots. So we, it is a lot of moving parts over here. So we can't really just, just be as fun and and free as we'd like to. Hey, it is skin 30 for me. Anytime I see skin it's on skin.


30 Ocho skin 30. You know what I'm, I'm gonna take you, I'm gonna take your advice tonight then. I don't care who tell it, tell I know she Yeah, you go that done put it in bed. That's what I do it. I do it don't you? Hey, She, hey she, she drunk. No, she ain't drunk. She drunk. She drunk. She ain't drunk. Hey, well Unc that no business boy. I like that. Yeah. And see With You see yours is different. You see how you could just cut 'em off and Okay. That's how you feel now when I'm beefing with this one in here. Who we, because of you had, we created a monster.


So sometimes she get beside herself. Hey, I, I done un we ain't been following each other for about three weeks. We just got back good today. That's why, that's why wasn't tripping. Yeah. And man, shoot. And matter of fact, when she messed Up, I had, hold on, I had one don leave it in there. I had it rounded and everything. I had to tell you about criminal prep, I had criminal rap Ready. Oh man, listen, listen. That one in there, like her, her punishment like, I can't go, I can't get, I can't, I can't get mad. I can't, I can't leave. So I just No sex. Huh? No sex. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Hold on. Don't keep talking. It's another one. Oh yeah, yeah. Chat.


Yeah. So me and real, we've been beefing like the past two, three weeks. I unfollowed on Instagram, unfollowed on Twitter, you know, walking through the house. I ain't even saying nothing. I was sleeping in here. I slept in here. Like I slept in here. 'cause I wasn't gonna sleep in the room with her. Because you know how women like, they like to, they like to scoot forward. You know what I mean? When they scoot forward on you or they put a leg on you, like I wanted to like stand on bench and let you know I'm not here for the drama. I'm not here for the arguing. I'm not here for that. Like, I got to deal with you the rest of my life. I gotta, I gotta set some boundaries. So boom, I had to stand on business. So I slept in my game room.


Yeah. So we just got, after three weeks, we just got cool today. You know And, if you follow me on Twitter, you saw what I made. I you saw what I made her pay me just to, just for me to follow her back. And she thinking she, she in there staying up tonight because she really think okay. 'cause we back cool again. She really think she finna get something. No sir. No sir. I'm standing on business. You won't get none of this. Hell nah. Talking slick to me about the toilet seat being up the the what? Toilet seat. All I do. You can't, you can't put the seat down.


Not I three weeks. We just got back cool. Today. But she won't get none of this. No sir. Ain got the nerve and got the nerve to talk. Oh. I don't, I don't want you, I don't want your little dick ass anyway. Well, bye. Three minute ass Nick. Okay, well bye. I don't play. I don't play that. I'm, I'm Ocho I'm always be, I'm always be Ocho. I don't care. I ain't trying to hear all that. I don't care how good you look. Shit. I look good enough for two Babe.


Oh, you still up? Yeah. I was just talk about, I was just talk about you. I I just, I just told everybody your business too. Tell tell Rell to come tell Rell come to the thing. I gonna show us. Hey, hey. Said come put your, put your bonnet on or something. Yeah. Hey fellas, y'all gotta stand on business like I did three weeks. Nothing ain. Game gave up nothing. Boy. Hold on. She coming. Hey chat fellas. Y'all stand strong out there man?


Yeah. Hold on. Where you at? Yo, he waiting on you now. If you gonna be part of the show when we call, you got to come now. Come on on man. Oh aunt, you got me on night cap licking a hot mess. Look at it. Re Oh okay. Who you got that for? I re I repo it. They be talking reckless re they can't get no gift. They talk reckless. Okay. Ocho Ocho tried to buy this. Okay.


About that. I got a connect. Who already. Oh, okay, okay. Hey we got, we got Connect already. Ah, You gonna try to put your upcharge on it? Oh, you, you know what the price is. I know what the price is. Yeah. Ain't gonna up I upcharge. What a Choose what my Louis Vuitton guy at. Hey, I about put, I'm about, I about, I'm about to put this on eBay. Hey Look at it. Re Okay baby. He, you gotta step your sugar game up now. Shit. Not me. Nah, this, this, this, this a woman's size. That's a seven. That's a seven ain't it? I bet that's a seven.


Talk reckless. You can't, you can't, you can't, you can't. How you gonna talk reckless to me and I got the goods. I already told you I got you something. Oh, I got somebody for you. So I got, I got somebody for you. They ain't gonna talk reckless to you. That's, that's what it Is. Huh? Okay. Oh yeah, yeah. Relle met. Hey, I told you I had one just like you Rel. That's why I knew what it called. Well who you gonna give it to? Shelly? Shelly got one of my bags. I know Shelly got one 'cause I had one in there. A limited edition. A LV bag. You showing out. Huh? The women really gonna be in your DM tonight.


There Ain't gonna be in no DM because, because You done already said you take care of the bills and, and you know, oh, I do with you. Flirt my thing. Re I, I'm very simple. We get together. I'm like, okay, this is what I need from you. Understand that, Hey, I work hard and there gonna be times that I'm not gonna, I'm gonna be less than attentive. But you But you not, women are emotional creatures. A lot of women don't understand that because they want your attention. Okay. Everybody don't have that, that mindset. They, because they so in love. You got, you gotta pull back some.


I, I, I, I, I'm, I'm, look, I've waited. I've wa I've waited my life. I never wanted to be a businessman. Rel when I was a business owner, when I was young. And so it wasn't until I got into my like late forties, fifties that I was like, you know what, I think I could be a business owner. And now it's starting to shake, it's starting to take form. I don't, That's what I have to tell Chad. I don't, I don't compartmentalize. I don't, I don't multitask. Right. What I'm good at, I'm great at, but I don't do a whole lot of things really well. But At least like Shelly can do this. Shelly can can can be on a call and she's sending an email and she's listening to what I gotta say. I can't do that.


I got one thing. I'm, I'm the businesswoman and he always want my attention and I'm like, baby, I gotta focus. I got, I just, I just told him we've been beefing the past three weeks. Yeah. Because he want me to show all my attention to him. I don't, you know, he wanted me to get up and cook breakfast at four o'clock in the morning. Man, you out your mind Ray. He Lost his damn mind. All of it. Good night y'all Alright. Rel have a good one. You see, You see that now? That's why we've been beefing for, for, for three weeks. Man. Ain't nobody getting up. But cookie your ass no breakfast at no four o'clock. I Wake up at 5:00 AM every morning. Only time is that okay?


Before you got with me, you knew my routine. So why would you say, why would you wanna be and live with me knowing I get up at 5:00 AM every morning? No. Yeah. Listen, she got, that was one, that's one time, that's one time. It's been, it's been four years. Rel go get some, go get the McMuffins from McDonald's and four sausage Biscuit. That's, that's what you think I did. I said I I I woke up early, right Unc, I woke up at four in the morning. I was like, I man, I'm hungry. Like I just, I hey, hold on. But I did it. You know how you slick. You know how you slick yawn and you, and you stress. He be like, oh man, I'm hungry. Like that was the hint. Yeah. Yeah. He hint, hint.


That was the hint, right? Yeah. I rolled over. Baby you up. I ain't hear nothing. Hey, I must him. He said, Hey, what's up? I said, man, shit. But you know I'm hungry. I ain't get no response. If I were real, I'd say, me too, Man. Listen, I caught a attitude. Unc Unc. I caught the attitude. By that time it was about 4 45 by five o'clock McDonald's was open. I walked outside, got in the car, went to McDonald's, got my little break, got my little hot case, got my sausage McMuffin, got my orange juice and came back. Ain't said nothing to her at all since three weeks ago.


Until today. Yeah. Now I did have Yesterday, matter of fact when she came, when I was at the hotel yesterday and she popped and she popped in. Yeah. That, that, that was the first time. And she thought it was, she thought everything was sweet. 'cause we kind of rekindled, right? Yeah. Yeah. And I'm following on all socials. So I told her, I'm not following you back until you send me, send me some money. So I made her send me five grand today. Boom. She sent the money so night. She thinks she's slick. She thinks she finna get something and I could fat chat. We family. I could, I could talk to y'all. You gonna stall out. Oh, she ain't getting shit, boy. None of this. No sir. No sir, no sir. I got like, I have to set a precedent. Yeah.


If I don't set a precedent, then she gonna think, well, all I gotta do is this. Well, all I gotta do is this. And then he gonna cave in. Oh, he gonna give in. Oh, you ain't, you ain't getting these panties. No sir. Yeah.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's. Biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Until Peyton Manning had done one and won Super Bowls and did all that stuff. Now Pat, I don't know what man, RA, you put your lips on him. He gonna crawl up and die somewhere. T Yeah, I just, I just, I just, I just met her. I met her two weeks ago. Who? Re Yeah, I just, yeah, this, yeah, this, that's movie now. And You keep, you keep it before you Ocho. Didn't you know what you do? Ocho? You see Rel walking by you Brought me up weeks. Oh, whoa, Whoa. Come back in that. Hey, I know that Fay, that that was a 2019, so I know what you paid for that one. 'cause I got what too.


I ain't shit, I ain't paid for that boy. You know I be scamming. Nah, nah, you ain't scamming. They, they, they came out, they got a new color. They got that gold and they got that black. Nah, I think that's the extra large. The extra large I think I'm telling you. Okay. Okay. That bag was released in 2019. Well, you know. Huh? You damn right. I know. Yeah. Yeah. You know, during the holidays I had, I had a little part-time job at Chanel over in, in midtown. In the design district. Yeah. I don't care what you got that bag, that bag, that bag going from somewhere between 15 and 20 grand right now. Well, who you think? And you got an aftermarket? Who? You Not me. Well, you know I don't pay for black I'm tomorrow. Do you? I I know what she said.


She said, look what he got me. Let me, let me ask, let me let, let's, let's, let's go back to a few, a few shows ago. And I told you I was the leader of the Yahoo Boys. You already know how we, you, you probably don't know who that is, but I'm Hush Puppy Jr. So I'm gonna leave it at that And. we can go on with the show. All I've said is I know what that bag costs. Just long. As long as you know that I know. And you know that. I know that. You know that. I know. Yeah. And I told you I'm also a scammer. You can't scam that one because that, and then it a, I I'ma pull mine out. I Ima show you, I'ma show you mine. I got one. Oh, You got, wait, what? You, you got one too?


You the a I had to take it back. Take it back To take it back. I had to take it back to take it back. You took it Back? Yeah. You know What? She, You know what I'ma give it to my, I was thinking about giving it to my daughter, but that might be too much purse for her. Yeah, That's too, that's too much. Too much. Too much. Especially, especially for that age. I mean, even though she is grown, but that kind of bag you, that's, that's, that's, yeah, that's, that's a stepper. You gotta you gotta be a stepper when you got that Somebody, somebody gonna be no snatch my daughter arm off. I better, I gotta give her something that she'll let it go. 'cause my daughter go fight my hell down. Listen, my daddy gave me this bag.


Listen, that's a good story though. You know? I mean, obviously if you paying 15, 20,000 for a bag and things don't work out, like there are some things I'm going to need back from you, mama. There's something. 'cause what, what you not finna do is be on your next date with the bag I bought for you that No, no, no, no, no. Obama. We, we not doing that. We not doing that. We not, I know women don't even like Indian givers. But if I buy, you sent it, buy you anything. If I buy you anything over $10,000, I need that back. You gonna take it back? Don't, Joe, You took yours back. Why? I can't take mine. I didn't give it to I, I was going to give it. Oh, but you oh, you, oh, you, me. She missed out on that. And you still got it. Still got it. Oh.


So hey, I'm gonna find you somebody special. You can give it to me. I, you, you, you gonna find me somebody on eBay that's willing to buy it. That's what you gonna find. Hey, hey, the fact that you still got that bag and things didn't work out and you just hail onto it is good that hold on to it. Listen. And, and you know what the funny, the good thing about it is those bags appreciate no matter what. Yes. They, they, they appreciate no matter what. Yes. Hey, I, I never forget, man. Obviously my, my first date with Rel was, well, honestly, the the funny thing, and I think I can talk about it now, is obviously all my, Were you nervous?


Was I nervous? Yeah. What my first date with Rel? Yeah. Hell no. I wasn't nervous. What? You know, I had to, I had to put on shoot. I, I put on my good, my good shit. I put on my good clothes. So how so how did you ask Rel How did you ask Rel out. Okay, y'all meet, y'all dm you like, hey, no, She, no, she, no. Let, let's, let's, let's get it right. Let's Just, okay, well then, well I need you to tell the story then stop playing around. She Slid in my dm. I was, I was working and I put up a video. Boom. I was slat. I was at the dolphin game. I was working with EA and there was a video of me go walking onto the field. The har at time, the har at Brady boom catching up.


I'm my bomb. So I posted it, boom. I'm like, damn. I just posted. And I got a notification and I clicked on it and it was the hard eyes. I'm like, okay, I ain't paying no mind. I clicked on the picture. I was like, Ooh, bomb. Now you playing some mind now you, now you now Hit, you know, now I'm playing some mind. So I had to look. I say, okay, little short shorty pretty right. Boom. I say I ooh, I like her sprinkles. She got sprinkles on her face. You know, I call freckles, I call freckles sprinkles. So boom, I say, you know what, she fine, but who ain't fine? You know? Right, right. That's everywhere. So I had to scroll through some more pictures. I'm trying to see what her feet look like. You know, you know, you know what type of time I'm on? Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


You on time? Yeah. I Scrolled through some pictures. I seen her feet. Man, boy look here man. I responded so fast. I say, man, what they do? Boom, boom, boom. We ex, we exchanged numbers or whatnot. Boom. Three days later, maybe about three, maybe two days. Yeah, maybe about two or three days later. Was she in Miami or she was in Tampa at the time? Yeah, she was, she was, she was up yonder. She was up yonder Tampa. Yeah. But you know Tampa to Miami. That ain't really nothing. You feel me? You flew Or you drove? Huh? You flew or you drove? Who flew? Who fly? I don't do nothing. The only wheel, only one person behind my wheel. And then Jesus. So you know, we ain't drive nowhere. So she, she bought her a ticket and she came and hollered at the boy.


Okay, okay. Yeah. You don't, I don't spend no money. So she trying to, she trying to like show me, you know what, I don't really need you for nothing. I got my own money. She bought her own little ticket. I said, well shoot, come on little mama. Boom. First date. What you went, where y'all go? Where you think we went? Mickey D's, McDonald's. It was just, it just so happened I really wanted to show her a good time. But it was daytime. Boom. We shot, we shot the McDonald's Unc, we pulled up to McDonald's and this woman already knew what she wanted to order. I already knew what time it was. I say, boy, we finna be in this for a long time. That's what's Up man.


You know, no issues. No. Oh, why you bringing me here? And I don't eat this, I don't eat this type of stuff. No, it was none of that bougie shit. But again, if we need to go to the nice stuff, I can do that too. Right. But this is something that I enjoy. This is something that I like and I just wanna see are we compatible in this area? Because all the nice fancy shit, I can do that. That's easy. So I don't need to lead with that, you know? So I'm trying to see if you going vibe. We always Fall back on that. Yeah. We going. Yeah. So boom, then second date, the next day. She, she spent the night too. I'm, I'm, I'll get that at later. It's nightcap after dark, right? Yeah. Okay. So you already know what time it is. But boom, second date. Next day, second date we hit Dave and Busters.


So boom, I need to know, I need to make sure if I'm gonna deal with you at some point, oh you know what, maybe I think about the future or maybe wanna have a later on in the future. Did it, did it come back? Yeah, you back. Go ahead. Okay. Okay, so boom. Dave and Busters was the second date. So obviously I take, I wanted to take her to Dave and Busters. I need to see how you move laterally. Huh? I need to see your footwork shooting the ball, playing the dance machine game. You know the dance machine game? Yeah. Called dance work. I need, I need to see, I need to see your coordination. Can you move how your ankles, how is your footwork?


Then we wanna shoot the basketball. I wanna see a coordination, you know, do you flick the wrist with the basketball? You know, boom, third date we played paintball. God damn Rel how long you come down there? Rel must be fighting Three days. She Checked the bag. Nah, it, yeah. Hey. Nah, she didn't check no bag. It was three day. It was, it was a three day, three day, three day event. So it was really basically like a little combine for real. That's all it was. Yeah. You laugh, huh? It was just, you Put it through the, you put her through the test. Ocho. I Put her through the test. Huh? We went and played paintball one, one-on-one. Now obviously, you know, she has a military, military background, right? And training. So I wanna see how you operate under pressure, you know, because they're gonna be, they're gonna come time to, they're gonna, we're gonna have times in their life where we're gonna have to make some tough decisions.


You know? And how are you going to operate under pressure, under important circumstances? So boom, we played, we, we went to War one-on-one. Again, I, I won that. I'm trying to see how you move in the field. You know, what you gonna do? You know, when, when you under fire, man, shit was man, every it, it was worth the Unc. So here we are four years later with a, with a, with a beautiful 2-year-old baby girl, you know, brand, brand new, brand new spanking house, you feel me? And shit. So Are you gonna keep the house? If you gonna keep the house in Tampa or she moving to Miami full time? Nah, she, nah, you know, I put that thing on the Unc, she moving to Miami.


Ah, Yeah. You feel me? You know. But yeah, we listen tho tho those were, those were a fun, a fun a fun three days, a three day event. Obviously for me it was very important to, to make sure that the foundation for my child in the future had the DNA and combination of, of athletic ability and coordination already built in. So, so, so getting her to to reach her full potential wasn't difficult and real provided just that it wasn't about how good you look, it's about, you know, your ankles and just all type of other small nuances. Most dudes don't pay attention to.


They lo they love dating, find bad chicks and, and IG models and then they have kids and you wonder why your kid don't got no coordination and they always getting picked last in pe like, I need my child. They still make kids go to pe. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's, that's important. That's, I I know it is, but I hated going to PE 'cause you know, them girls ain't want to do Jack. I don't wanna play. It is hard. Yeah. Yeah. See, yeah. See, my, my kid ain't Touched it bad. I hit for you. Yeah. None of none of my kids like that. None of my kids like that. So, you know, they, that that competitive spirit of nature's already in them. Yeah. Yeah. But that what's up? Congratulations Ojo.


You did it man. You know? Yeah. I, you know, Yeah I did. I did a little. So I did, I did a little, so the same way Patrick from Holmes had him, the Kansas City Chiefs, if they do right by him and building around that young fella, man, he's d different. He's a, he's a phenomenal, he's a Phenomen. He's a pH. Come here, come here. He's a phenomenal talent. Look at, look at the, listen, look at my, look at, look at my Caleb Williams. Look, I'm doing the No makeup challenge. No filter, no makeup. Well send the chap. Get outta the way. Ojo. Let let M sit down right quick. I'm taking overnight. Carol, what's going on? What's good? Re how you feeling today? I'm feeling amazing. They say the Chad say we, they, we need you to feel, we need to have you on a couple of times a week.


Sitting in. I'm ready. You just gotta send me my notes so I can be prepared. I'm gonna let Chad take over the day. But you know, I can't embarrass myself because I heard my So what, what does, what made you decide that you wanted to go makeup free for the next several days or four weeks or however long you want to do this challenge? Honestly, I, I'm, I'm joking. I'm, I just did it because Isha has a song that's coming out is no makeup, no filter. Cha challenge you with no makeup. So I just did it on TikTok and she just reposted it. But I feel, I hate wearing makeup. Oh, do you? I do. Makes a a p Diddy get out the get out shit round moment.


I feel like makeup add 10 years on me. Really? See, I look, you know, I look good. Don't be no hater. Don't, don't be hating. He over here hating. He trying to take away my shine. But What, what he saying? You need makeup? No, he didn't say that, but okay. He's just a hater. He Just hating. Ocho, get your hand off your hips man. Get your hand off your hips. Get outta the camera man. That rail moment. Let the chair see rail shine, Man. Who? You, who you paying? You paying me. Aha, man. Come on man. What we, The money coming To me? We, we about, we about to break cut rail a check too. That's right. But I, I'm serious makeup.


It just, it does too much. Okay. Have to put it on, take it off. And men don't like women with a lot of makeup. Not a whole lot of it, but then some of 'em put too much on though. Re Right. I mean, some of it and I have freckles, so Yeah. Some, some of it have it like you spread that on. But they do use the butter knife to put that makeup on. Ooh. Too much. I mean that's, that's too, that's too much. I mean, you know, it was kinda like when you was in high school or college and you kissed the girl and the whole side of your face was, was was like, Or or when you hug and, and Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah man. Oh, you playing for this dry cleaning? Right. It's good talking to you. Hey Chad. Alright. Re have a good one. Alright.


Oh man. Something about hater. Yeah man. Hey, you got you man. You got her stealing my shine. Taking a show. Man. It bad enough. I, everywhere I go in public now they talking about, hey boy ain't you, ain't you dude that day. Re I'm like, come on man, stop trying me man. Hey listen, we got, That's you Listen, we gotta simmer down on that man. We gotta simmer down. She can't be like, it's like, like, it's like, Have a moment. Nah, but I'm just saying Unc, they be embarrassed. I mean like in public they be disrespecting me like ain't you dude. What you mean man? You know my name Chad man. What you mean ain't you? The the dude dating re man, come on Man. You Mr. Risto, you Mr. Risto. Come on man. We gotta slow down no more, no more. She ain't, she ain't get, she ain't get, she ain't coming on this shit no more.


Fuck that. Yes she Is. Well we get re we gonna send re the camera. Nah, nah, Nah. Rel gonna be another rule while you in one room reel on the other pop up on screen. Nah, nah because now she getting a little bit more, more attention than I am and now it's putting me on the back burner. You okay? Rel that hold up Ocho. Don't you want your woman to shine? Yeah, I want her to shine but haha light gonna be brighter than mine. I'm supposed to be leading. I'm supposed to be leading. How am I lead if she driving Well right now you in Eclipse right now. I mean dark as you is, you Know That's all that is. No chill. Gil said no invite. Woo. Ocho looking with Ocho looking clean.


Hey, hey you see me Gil? Where you at Gil? Hey Gil. See, listen, listen, a lot of people will look at it. Right. And and you think it's very expensive. This this money it for $200. This for $200. Yeah, I'm surprised to caught that money. Yeah, I had, I pulled one thread Andre. Yeah, you probably would. You probably would. But Yeah, I gotta tailor. Right. I gotta tailor the fit, you know, real slim fit because you know I got, I got a model type body. I'm just, Yeah. What re tell you? Huh? What rel tell you today? She, You know what? That she be hating? Yeah. He on hating what? Say Rel told me you need to get back in the gym. So that kind of stung a little bit. 'cause that's like me, me dating her and saying like, oh baby, you know you need to un bigg your back.


How would real myself, she think in the jail. Yeah. Yeah. But Listen, I'm a stay at home father now. I don't have time for the gym. I have nobody to impress. I already got you now I got you. Now I have one. Tell me. So you get a gut, you get cut. Ooh, that's tough. You cuts tough. Hey man, y'all, y'all ain't gonna get me up outta real. You sleep. I wonder how much, how much you think she want. If I went a hundred million? I wonder what she expect. That's a good question, huh?


Yeah, I remember I tell this story. A woman, a woman forced to give the husband 1.3 million lottery win. 'cause she divorced him. Oh yeah. You remember that story? She was married. She was married for 25 years. Yeah. 25 Don't matter. For 25 years, you one didn't wanna share. You see what money do if you won, if you won a hundred million, how much you gonna give me? It's ours baby. See, she just said it's ours. But they always say the right thing and a hypothetical question. But what happens if it really came? If you really want a hundred million, We Won. Oh, hey, re keep put Ra put it ra ra, get on the phone, get on, get on, get on the camera.


Re hey, check this out. She can't hear you. Ocho go in, your Ocho goes in your purse. Yeah. Get in fake Ocho goes, Ocho goes in your purse. He, he steals $10,000. He bets wins a hundred million and says okay rel, I'm gonna give you 10 your 10,000 back. He ain't gonna steal. He'll he, if it came down to that, we gonna say he asked me for it or he just took It. No, no, no. He didn't ask. He just went in and grabbed it. He good and grabbed it. He wins a hundred million and says okay rel, I'm gonna put your money back that I took from you. No, the hell you ain.


It's our money. You mean you gonna put it back. It's our money. Just like it was your it was our money when you went in and got it to, to bet it's our money when you want it. There you go. Re tell her where I can. Said no. Hell, you ain't 10. The Volume


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've Got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What Happens when a professional football career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I Am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You Mix Homesteading with guns in church. Voila, you got straightaway he tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast featuring myself, Tom Pel, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista and NFO Network's, team of experts, the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.