
What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You mix Homesteading with guns in church. Voila. You got straightway. He Tried to save everybody.


Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then There's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume,


The 82 Game preseason is in the books, and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the Playin Tournament through the finals. Draftking Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right there in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price. Guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off. Download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


You want somebody Oh, you want somebody your age? I say that. So are you. I don't want nobody. I I'm good. What part about good did you Get? You Are you not good? You don't have to lie to me. Shit. You not good. I'm, I'm great. I can see it in your face. You wanna be young. You wanna stay young. You want, They say, they say, they say you only, you only as young as the woman you feel. I feel 33, 34. Listen, I'm te I'm listen. I could I Basketball. Hey LeBron, your boy. Huh? Why You keep, why you keep, first of all, people keep asking me man. Man, Ocho really love you man. He tried to hook it up. Yeah. Say Ocho, I'm Imma get you Right.


I'm gonna get you right. I'm gonna get you. Right. Right, right. What makes I'm get you right. What makes you think I'm missing something in my life? Because I can tell by the look on your face. I can tell. I know I might be a little sleep surprised. But that's, You have a, you have a house, but it's not a home. You need a, a woman. You need guidance, you need assistance. We all need it in life. No, I got life. And you're being stubborn. No, that you're not, not gonna reach where you wanna get to without the help in the touch of a woman. Trust me, I Now, You could have as many assistance as you want. You can fly as many private just as you want. You can eat as many five star meals as you want. Life ain't gonna be complete until you find that one.


And I'm gonna make sure you get it. Good. I'm gonna make sure you get it. I'm good. Come hella high water. Woo. You gonna get it. I got you. Well, It ain't gonna rain. It ain't gonna rain for about 20 years then because there ain't finna be no high water. You trust me. I got you. Man. Where's my baby at? I don't want you to have it. You, you lucky you lucky you. You need a, you a friend like me. I, I'm beginning you somebody because I ain't never seen her. I'm beginning to doubt whether you got somebody. What you mean? I ain't never seen her. Oh. What you mean she Google work? What part I ain't, I gotta Google. Google, Google Work. Google Google work. If she, if you got, if you got Google, When you look, when you look up, when you look up stats, you, you use Google, don't you?


No, because I already know the stats. I already know the sta Where you, where you where your woman at right now? Huh? Tell her come down there. Tell her come down there right now. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Don't don't play at me. I got, I got, I got, I got me. Somebody don't do that. Don't play with my talk. Shoot. I do this. Let me see. Shit. I mean, you looking around like, you looking around like you about to get robbed. Nah, it's 1237. She ain't even home. That's exactly You Miami be. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's robbed. It's robbed. Yeah. Yeah. I already know. You looking around you. It's all right. It's all right.


She know a home at though, she know a, she know a home at She knows where she know where she know where home at. What's what's your latest name? Huh? What's your lady's name? Rell? Yeah, Rell. You see that smile? The, You talking about the singer? I know a singer named Rell. Nah, nah not, nah, not, not that one, but Sherell And, and and, nah. I Know you talking about That O'Neil. Nope, nope, nope. But see that smile on me? See that smile on my face when I said it. That's how I want you, that's how I want you. I Got a smile on my face. I'm, I'm gonna make No, that ain't a listen, that's that mask with a smile and behind you crying.


I'm, I'm telling you, you crying. I I'm gonna get you right though. Trust me. I get you right. I, I, Hey, give a couple more years. I'm gonna be crying on the Bugatti. Nah, come on man. Don't, don't, don't do that, don't you? You don't need that. You don't, you don't need that don't I? No. Bugatti, No, man. No, no. What I need, what I need, what kind of car I need? Lemme say you 55. Get your, get you a Lincoln, get your a Lincoln get you a Cadillac. Oh, on what town? Call? Yeah. Get you a Lincoln. Man. Man, I ain't want no Lincoln. You going, you, you going through a midlife crisis. You going through a midlife crisis. That's what it's Joe. You going through a midlife crisis. You know I I'm gonna get a BMW.


That's what I'm gonna get. A what? A BMW. Nah, that's no, that's, no, that's like, that's me in your forties. That's in your forties. That's when you in your forties. You 55. You gotta get a car that goes with your age since you complain about you certain age. Lying to me. I wish I can't. 55 and no Bugatti. Man. What are you doing? I, I said I ain't said I'm getting no g Gotti said. You just said you finna get a a What? I'm getting a w another BMW Get to I three. I'm gonna get to I seven. No, get to I three. Seven. Seven is bigger than a three Dog. You don't need, you don't need no, you don't need no big ass.


I seven man. Get you efficient. You a hater. I drive a smart car. I've been driving my smart car since 2006. I don't need all that big stuff. 'cause lemme tell you something. I, you know you don't, you Shannon, Sharpe. I know you Shannon Sharpe. They done Googled how much you make. You ain't gotta do nothing to stunt. No, you ain't gotta do nothing. But also just be you. That's, that's why, that's why I driving A BMW because I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to devalue you. Drive myself. Oh. I don't want nobody to think I'm trying to show somebody up. I work hard. I'm gonna get that. Nah, you get you A-B-M-W-I three 'cause you don't have to compensate for nothing else. You, that boy, I'm giving you the confidence you need.


You that boy, You that I've been here that You, that, that, I can't even say the word, but yeah. I, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be that ninja in A-B-M-W-I Three. I three. Save. Save, save your money. Save. Come on man. Hold on. I'm saving my money for who? Huh? I'm saving my money. For who? A rainy day. A rainy day. You don't know what might happen. You don't know what emergency might occur. Family might need you. Just something. I know you making a grip. I know you making a grip right now. You never know what might happen. Hold on. I prepared for a rainy day. Day. Okay. I'm prepared. Keep keep preparing because God said, can I, can I, can I give you another scripture?


What'd he Say? I know I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna take it there. I done preach enough tonight. I done preach enough tonight. Wait, hold on. She ain. Answer. Hold on, hold on. I look at you now. You running. She ain't, I just thought about something because that yeah, it just hit me. I'm like, wait a minute. She put, she put you on the, it's 12. It's 12. Nah, she just answer. Lemme I know she, she busy. Hold on. God dang. You don't, don't play at me now. Shoot. If I had to do it again, my diet and nutrition wouldn't change. The same thing I ate when I was in high school and through college. I ate it while I was in the NFL the way I trained. You already know still to this day, I'm a madman.


I'm a madman. I gotta be doing something. I gotta, I gotta be moving. I gotta be doing something. And I played a very long time. Unc. I had no injuries. I had no injuries. So when, when Marvin Lewis appointed a nutritionist to the n to our team, I had no, there was no reason for me to break what I was already doing because there was nothing wrong with it. There was nothing to fix. There was nothing to fix. And I think I was very fortunate, I might be one of the most fortunate NFL players to ever play, to play an entire career and having no injuries outside of a dislocated, dislocated pinky. You know, a little, a little nick to hear a little nick there. But nothing major. What would cost me to miss any time. Therefore, when it comes to nutrition and to talk about taking care of your body, it's like, to me it just, everybody's different.


Everybody's body's different. So it's hard for me to compare. I can't say anything about LeBron. I can't say anything about Kal Campbell or any other players that take care of your body and having to spend money on it. To me, I think it's a mind thing. It's a mind thing. I get up, I train hard. I get in the cold tub, I get in the hot tub. I never got massages. I don't want nobody touching me. Don't, I never got massages. And that's, Well obviously you believe the, you believe the cold tub guy had something to do with it or you wouldn't have got in it? Oh, nah, because I just, I saw everybody else doing it. So I just wanted to follow what everybody else was doing at tj. Tj, nah. No. Okay. I promise you. You did. You did that. Okay. You did that once or twice, tj, you did that throughout your career. Yeah, because T tj, TJ Hus, Mazada, and Carson Palmer told me you should get in the cold tub. Okay. You running yourself ragged.


You running, dude, listen, lemme tell you how I practice this is, I was, I was a, a, I wanna say that word. I won't wanna say the R word. I was ridiculous. I did scout team. I went out, I did kickoff. I used to, I used to play the gunner. This is in practice just to get me in rhythm. Getting, preparing for a game t to was with us in 2010. T pulled me to the side and said, man, what in the hell are you doing? What are you doing? I'm taking all the goddamn snap. I said, this is how I always get ready for Sundays. He said, man, you running yourself ragged, man. You gonna be tired when the games come. I say, T this is the way I practice it and I'm used to it. So that was one of the, that, that was one of the joys of having t there and having to show me how to manage my body and minimize some of the work that I was putting in during the week.


But it's, that's all that I knew. And I think that's one of the reasons why I never got hurt. I put my body through the ringer constantly to where, you know what, when it was time to play and time to get hit and take those hits, I just get right up and keep on going. What? What if you getting in the hyperbaric chamber? What if you eaten right? Instead of having who? 11,000 yards. You had 14,000. It. And instead of having 60, 60 touchdowns, you had 90. How? How? I just told you I never got hurt. I didn't miss any time. So what the widow's numbers gonna come from Madden? No. No. Maybe instead of, and, and maybe instead of that, maybe you break a tackle. Instead of having a 15 yard game, you get a 30 yard game. I never got tackled by the first man. Man, stop it. You saw, you saw what I did.


The raid don't, don't play me like that. No, I saw you got blackjack. Hey listen. Nah, but listen. One, one another, another thing that I hate people. Oh, I'm eating healthy. I'm eating healthy because it's gonna make it gonna help me perform better. No it's not. No it's not. Because how you perform is a skillset. It's a skillset based on how hard you train and what God has blessed you with. And you putting the two together, not the food saying, oh, if I eat salads and I eat healthy and I do all this nutrition stuff, all of a sudden I'm gonna be Jerry Rice. No, you're not. No. But No, but Listen, listen. Either you good or you're not. No, That's, That's it. But I, I, I do, I do believe, I mean to, I mean, but like you said, it's a mindset you don't believe sees bingo mindset.


The fact that you don't believe it's gonna help, it's not gonna help. There's a reason why doctors tell you that, that there's a reason why doctors tell you when you have surgery to keep a positive mind. Right? Right. But listen. 'cause the mind, the mind really controls the body. So you're not gonna get the benefits out of it because you're already going in with a negative mindset. Even if you're not going in with a negative mindset. I'm using common goddamn sense and logic telling me what I put in my body is gonna help me perform better. So why did you believe lie? So it's a lie. But you, I sit lie. I disagree. I disagree, I disagree. Oh my God. I disagree. Either you are good at your craft or you're not. Yes. If you're telling me, if you telling me, oh, I'm eating salads.


That means when I'm, when somebody's in front of me playing man to man, oh, I'm gonna be able to get open and create separation because of what I put in my body. That's not the way that works. Have no, you have a seat, but you have a single. But see, here's the thing. I believe the guy that trains hard has the better nutritional. I think that helps. I I'm not saying that somebody Helps you. What? In what area? Your body. Body. 'cause when you get on the field, it's based on your skillset. Your skillset. Nothing More. But lemme but lemme ask you a question. So why don't they put regular? Why do, don't put regular ed gas and power performance cards if it didn't make a difference? Come on with the car analogy. No, I'm just saying. So what's your body?


What's your body? Is your body not a machine? Yes or no? Yes. It it's my temple. Okay. It's so my temple. Why, why would and who why would you, so why you wouldn't put That They got, they got, they got, they got you believing that 97 is the healthy shit. That's how they, that's how they, that's how they fool you into selling they product. Well, here's the thing though, Ocho, what I did is that I tried it for myself. Right? See, yes. I could have like, nah. I said, but let me see. And then I saw what it did. What did Do? I saw, I saw mentally. That's what it did. I saw, I saw the changes in my body. I saw the changes when I, when I made, when I made the switch in 93, right? I said, you know what?


I'm gonna bring my own food to work. I'm gonna start eating like this. I'm gonna start training like this. I saw the benefits. Now obviously all these hyperbaric chambers and all this other stuff that came around, these physio guys that had these guys, these personal trainers. There's a reason why, there's a reason why Ocho. All that's a money grab, man. Can I ask you a question? Yeah. How many years you played? I played 14. You ever been hurt? Yes. You had any surgeries? Yeah. You Know why you had surgeries? Irac fractured my eye socket. Oh, Eye socket. Okay. Yeah. Scope. What else, Else? What? What else? Broke my collar. Broke my collarbone. Broke collarbone. What else Had scope on my ankle a couple of times.


My knees. Oh, your ankle. Oh, your knees too. I ain't had nothing wrong with me. Yeah, but see I ain. I had nothing on me. And see You out, you out there with them Pretty boys. See I fight. I was in the re I was in the trenches. No you weren't. I was in the trenches and I played reckless. No. Check my resume and check the film. You outside the numbers, bro. I saw you one time. I saw you one time inside the hash. And everybody saw Highend. Listen, what era of football did I play in a FC North? 2000. Ravens, Steelers, Browns, Bro. They, they, they had them. Bro. Had to don't do, bro. They had to relax. Rule the incidental context, bro. Stop. Relax the rules. Stop playing man.


Why you playing on my top like that McDonald's, my whole career? Nothing. No injuries, nothing. Just think about what you could have been. I i was that. I was him. What? You could have been. I was, I was him. And. if you notice all the top, if you take all the top end guys, you look at the guys that played Jerry. Look at Walter Payton. Look at Tom Brady. Look at Jordan. Look at Kobe. Look at LeBron. Look at all the high-end guys. What did they do? Let me tell you something. Everybody trying to be like them. You ain't gonna be Nan one of them. No. But what if he could ain one of them? What if you could be a better version of you Jordan?


Jordan, A McDonald's. What? Yeah. The same boat. A McDonald's. Not, not with, not when he was trained for the Olympics. Not when he was training for the Olympic. I called Michael. I'll call Michael right now. I call Michael Jordan. When Was training for the, Lemme tell you. I called Mike. Hold on. You want me to call him? Don't, don't do that. Michael Jordan ate, ate McDonald's. Talk to me now. Ocho, look at me. Nuggets. Ocho before the game. Ocho. You could eat anything in moderation and, and Listen. Why, why, why do we continue to use the, the highest of iconic athletes as examples is beyond me. Because nobody is finna be like them. Is That what you strive for? Lemme ask you a question. Do you take any, do you take financial advice from anybody that ain't got money? Yes or no?


You listen to the Elon Musk, you listen the guys that built businesses. I don't take financial advice from nobody but myself. That's why I still got all my goddamn money. Period. O Joe. Now listen to me. I did it. I did it with no injuries. So you're not finna tell me the way I did it don't work 'cause it worked because you had 30, you had 37 surgeries and I ain't had none. O Joe. Yes sir. So what if the difference Ocho, but think about it ain't No, ain't no difference. Ain't No difference. Seventh Ocho. Think about it. How many seventh round picks and after the merger made it to the Hall of Fame? Whoa. Whoa. How, how many? Hold on, gimme a second. I'm gonna give you the floor. How many seventh round picks Yeah. Become on to be be an all pro and go to eight pro bowls.


How many Can you finish? Can I finish? Can I go? Go ahead. Can I go How many young kids outta Liberty City beat the odds and then end up dead or in jail from selling dope? Let me finish you, let me finish, let me finish. Go ahead. Let me finish. How many from kids from Liberty City made it to the NFL and was a full-time? All pro six time pro bowler named, cemented legacy cemented name in the stadium. How many? I ain't got no yellow jacket, but I made my own and not sufficient enough. How many, how many people, how many people live in Liberty City? How many people, once you say the population of Liberty City is Now, or back then I talking about in the eighties.


I'm talking about in the eighties when there was a war zone. Yeah. In Early nineties there was a war zone. Yeah. I'm about during the, during the dope Era. How, how many, how many people you think Liberty? Liberty City? I'm not sure. 15,000. 20,000, 30,000. I wouldn't even sit here and throw nobody there. 'cause I don't know. I I'm, I'm just being honest. I don't, I don't wanna play that game. I, I don't know honestly. Well, GGL and gl where I grew up at, it was 3,500 people. Yeah. What's the likelihood of you getting two out 3,500? What's the likelihood of me even surviving and getting the opportunity to even play? Oh, Joe, so lemme ask you a question. Are there any other players that came outta Liberty City that played in the NFL? Yeah. It's a few. It's a few. It's a few right now. So Did you did time to Do you, did you understand what Liberty City that came outta?


Yes. No you don't. Yes. Ocho, Eighties, nineties. Liberty City, Ocho. It was ugly. Yes, It was ugly. Ocho. Yes. My Chances of getting out was this Ocho. Yes. Ocho. I ain't talking The odds. Yes, the odds were stacked against you. Way against. Yes. But you beat the odds. Now just imagine, look, like I said in your mind, yes sir. You don't believe No That I don't Nutrition proper, you know, massage, physio, all that. You don't believe it worked. We've done a poll. We got over 2000 folks.


83% believe that nutrition matters. What? At 83%. Who they play for 2000? Play for. See, hold on you. Not now. You doing the argument. Now you doing, now you trying to invalidate people because they didn't play sports. No, No, no. Because they, they what if you didn't play the game and you think nutrition matters? Yeah. What are you using the, what are you using as the fact that nutrition works? What they gonna say? Oh, 2300 LeBron did it. No. No. Y'all ain't you you never going to be those individuals that they are once in a lifetime. Lemme Ask you a question. Are there more, are there more athletes like you that eat whatever they want that don't believe? Or are there more athletes that eat Nutri?


I guarantee you there are more athletes like me than it is that eat that, eat that eat healthy. And I can guarantee you that, especially in today's game, I can guarantee you that I Disagree. Let's, Let's bet, let's bet I disagree. Let's bet, let's bet. 'cause because you seet allst. I, I disagree. I and I I don't know how we quantify, you know, why do you I do Think it gonna take a poll. Can I ask you a question? Why do you think all the, why do you think the injuries up higher? Why do you think the injuries are more significant now than, as opposed to before? Because I, can I tell you why Didn't finish? Lemme tell you. Can I tell you why? Please, please. Yeah. Real quick. I love you to death. The injuries are up higher because they eating all this motherfucking healthy shit. You play a barbaric sport. You play a barbaric sport running a hundred miles an hour running into each other, but you eating like a goddamn rabbit and you expect to survive a 17 game, season.


Season, but you like goddamn rabbit, it ain't gonna work. Something has to give, you know what's giving your fucking body in its ligaments, I believe, I believe a reason why they injury. What I'm talking about, I believe the guys are getting bigger, stronger, and faster. But I also believe that the guys don't put their bodies through the rigors. They don't practice hitting during the course of the week like we once did. And so now you are asking a car that hasn't been driven at a hundred miles an hour during the week that says, you know what, on Sunday go a hundred miles an hour without being warmed up. That is my belief. There is no way to definitively deter, de determine it. But do you believe the guys are bigger, stronger, and faster? Yes.


I just, do you believe the guys in the NFL are bigger, stronger, and faster than they were in the fifties, in the sixties and the seventies? Do you believe guys are getting bigger, stronger, and faster? Yeah, they are. Okay. So that means the, so that means the colli. So hold on, lemme ask you a question. So that means the collision. Don't say Collision. Don't collision because you can't even hit no goddamn body today. You can't even hit nobody today. You can't even hit no goddamn body today. Don't do that. You just, you just, who just, you can hit him. Kareem, Kareem, Jack, Kareem Jackson just got suspended four games, but playing football the way we did in the two thousands. Oh. But hold on, you can't even hit nobody no more. You could hit them. It's just a penalty. Now And, we understand that they're trying to make the game And. we understand with the lawsuits, with the CTEs and things of that nature.


We understand. Yes, yes. But all I know is that we got 2,900 votes and 83% says yes nutrition plays a role. They don't know what they talking about. 'cause ain't ain't none of that. 83% could cover me. Ain't none of that 83% cover me and I'm, I'm out there on two cheeseburgers. And what you gonna do with me? Nothing. The, we got 3000 votes. Oh, Jordan, what you They, they lying. They, That's what I able to do right now. Whatcha Wait a minute. Lemme come up. Whatcha whatcha talking about? Oh Joe, you a stick figure. You stick you man. What? Talking about man, I, I ain't the only one you talking about.


Man. You ain't the only one. Yeah, look. Yeah, look at that. You, you laughing. This ain't, it's two 30. Whatcha talking about, man, look at that man. 30 solid boy. Oh Joe, you, you, you ate you a buck, you a buck 60. You might be a buck 60. Man. Look at this man. What you talking about? Man, I just look like this man. You made me come up out my shirt man. Man, don't your, you wild bro. You wild. I've talked to y'all out y'all game anyway before the game even started. Do you realize I'm a profession? I talked for a living. You, you, you Don't, you don't talk more than I do. Not on the field.


You don't now. You not, you not finna say thank you outtalk me not on that field. Don't do that. Don't do your homework. Do your homework now Joe. Do your homework Now. I was getting Oh, oh. Lemme ask you a question. How many penalties did you draw? What? How many penalties did you get? Dbs taking shots at All the time. What you talking about? I, I did my trash talking through the media on Wednesday. So boom, already on Sunday. They ready? I talked to them. I said I sent the DBS gifts. You ain't sending no gifts. I send the secondary gifts. What you talking about? I'm The gift. I'm the gift that kept on Me. I kept giving it too. I tell you, check my resume. You ain't nobody like Your resume on vhs.


They could, they could check mine, mine on YouTube. Hey down, download Downstreaming. They validation. They let you stream stuff. Now you better go back and check my shit. And the way he talked before. Yeah, I talk, I talk a good one too. I was talking before, before, before it got real sensitive into the stuff that I was saying. You can't say now. Yeah, they, They, they tripping now. This, this era we in now is different man. It's different. Unfortunate. It's unfortunate Man. We had a great time. I love going live. I love going live because I Whoa. What we doing? Where we going? Where we going? Where we going? We going? I'm about to go to bed. I don't know where you going. Nah, I ain't about, well you could leave me on here. I'm gonna talk to the people 'cause I wanna make sure they understand some of the things that we talked about.


Some of the dis discrepancies that we didn't agree on. I wanna make sure they stay in tune and know that I'm right. Who, who's number one? They say a trash talking list rack me the fifth greatest trash talker of all time. What number? I'm definitely number one. And anybody that done say I'm number one. They, they lying. They lying. They lying. Probably Johnny Randall. No, No, no. Johnny Randall. Stop playing man. Johnny, Johnny. It was funny. But man, nobody, no nobody. John. John. Hey listen John, John was a trip. Warren Sap was up there too. Johnny Randall Was eight. Who? Me? Steve Smith Swee. What? What, What? Yeah. Smitty was good though.


Mty was malicious and he don't care man. Smitty gonna talk about your mama, your daddy. Yeah. Ty. And he gonna fight with you. Smitty went on the field. Smitty went on the field not to catch passes to fight. And then he was gonna catch passes. I love Smitty man. You know I Played to get that Santa Monica we played together at Santa Monica car. Yeah, I know. Good dude. He said you wrote the Bitch stop playing man. Joke player. If it's a lie, he told it. Oh, He didn't say that. I know, but he went to, he went to, he went to Utah? Yeah. Went he went to Uni, uni, uni, uni University. Then he went to Santa Monica. He went to Utah. Yeah.


Good. Oh Joe, they got you number 18. Man, stop playing. Listen, Listen. You ain't even cracked The top. They lying. You know what, that ain't, that ain't listen. That ain't, that ain't number propaganda. That ain't number of propaganda. Ain't no, ain't listen. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody living on this earth will say I'm not the number one trash talker that has ever played. And the best entertainer they ever played. Ocho 18. Lying. You, you Lying. Don't, Don't, you a loto care who tell a lot. Okay. Ain. Tell you lying. You lying right now. Put put that on Django. Put that on Django. I'm 18. 18. What's that? Your stat?


Somebody lying. That ain't but the devil. That's the devil work that, that's the devil work. I dunno, I dunno who the people working, but it Lying. The only 18 I the, the only 18 I know is AJ Green. That's it. Peyton Manning with the first 18. Okay. That's a good one. That's a good, that's a good comeback. We'll comeback. It's okay though. Hey Ocho, it's okay. I mean, as we go along, you gonna finish behind A lot of other statistical Categories too. Listen, Are you, you'll never be able to outtalk me on the field. I am the greatest entertainer to ever put on a pair of cleats ever. Ever.


Okay. But I'm just, I don't care what the, I don't know who I just, whoever made that, that wasn't, that wasn't they out of touch for me to even be 18? They don't even need to be judging that type of shit. Now you got me hot. I'm fucking, I'm mad. USA today. Now You know they don't know nothing about no goddamn football. You what They know. No, they don't know what they know. That ain't up propaganda. Lemme tell you this Propaganda Go. Hey, I tell you what, go look up the Monday night meltdown. That's all I'm gonna say. 1998 Monday night. What Did, what's that? What's that WW Read about it. Read About. What's that? WWF Read About it. Wwf Read about it.


I'm a professional talker. Now I'm a professional. Talker. A professional. And one thing, when I talk it, I walk it too sometimes, sometimes barefoot. I'm The lip sparing champ. I'm 500 Against who? What You Hey you five one nine, five hundred and one. You better check. You better check the tapes. Alright. I Ocho. Listen. Listen. Ocho, I was talking before. You was Who? What? Talking about You. Yeah. Wait, wait. I listen. I was doing the trash talking back in 83. Now I just, I just happened to continue doing it once I got to the league. This ain't nothing new.


I've been doing this Ocho. I was doing it before you Did it. Ocho, Ocho. I was trash talking before you was a fault. No, you, you ain't started talking to you. You ain't, you ain't started talking to you made it to the league. No. You better stop late. Yeah. I'm just telling you. I know, I know. I, I know about your background. This thing. Know about your background. Go This, go back here. This you was born in probably 78. I was born in 68 now at Jackson Memorial Hospital at 3:50 AM Don't do that Now. You, you born in seventy eight, seventy nine at the earliest. Go back and check the tape. Third grade when I said Johnny can't read. You better check the tape with me. You better check the tape with me. Don't cho. I'm telling you I was.


Listen, Stop There. I am the greatest talker of all time. I'm the greatest showman of all time. I am the greatest entertainer of all time to put on a pair of cleats. And that's no disrespect to none of my brothers. That's including you. You did your thing when you played, but you wasn't like me. But you know what, Oche, it ain't nothing to be. I mean, hey, you might be the greatest talker of all time. I walk it. I walk it too. Now don't do that. Don't I Don't just talk it. I walk a two now. Don't, don't do that. Stay with me. Okay? Oh, sure. I get the props. I mean you a six time pro. It, It should have been seven. Matter of fact, it should have been eight. Shit. It could could have been nine, it could have been 10. But you know what? It's all good because I'm still him. I liked that. That was a good one right there. I should have been a rapper.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How's it? I am A loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis, on the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I went, I I got a dog when the dog was from overseas. And here's the thing, Ocho. So You bought a dog from overseas? I did because the dog was beautiful and I wanted, I I wanted one to look like this. And I named him, you know, I called him Teddy. We call him Teddy bear. 'cause he looks like a teddy bear. A child child? No, he, he's a palm, he's a Pomeranian. You went way overseas to get a Pomeranian. I coulda got one from, from my homeboy City. The lady, the lady brought him from overseas. Yes. He came out of a country. So I had to just, what I had to do, I had to pay a lady to leave her country, fly to another country, pick the dog up, fly to la, drop the dog off just long enough and then get back.


So what happened was, and I didn't, I didn't tell anybody. Only, only like a handful of people knew I was actually getting the dog right. My executive assistant. Okay. My sister. That was it. Nobody else knew I was getting a dog. I didn't tell anybody. So I'm on, I'm in the international side. So I'm respon the way I look at it, I'm responsible for this lady until she gets back through security. Right. So the dog cost me a lot of money because I, not only did I have to pay for the dogs, whoa. I had to pay. Yeah. Wait a minute. How much, how mu how much the dog cost? 10. 10. What Bands?


10 bands. What, what bands mean? Yeah. I mean, I, I don't know what band, 10 bands. Well, I'll put it to you like this. It's a rack. You know, a band is a thousand, A rack is 10,000. So it cost a rack, Man. You paid 10,000 for a dog. Yeah. 10,000 American dollars. America. Come On man. Unc Maca got you a palm out the city man for 300. Nah, nah. Hell nah. I'm, I'm trying to, I'm trying to help me wrap my head around this man. You know, I, I'm, I'm really, really very conscious on, on, on my financial decisions. Yeah. I'm trying to understand. You paying 10,000 for a dog, you feel me? And you still gotta get shots, right?


Yes. And you, you gotta, you know, you gotta go to the doctor. You gotta you gotta, you gotta feed him. You gotta get food for him. You Gotta, yes, yes. You gotta, and as small as the dog is gonna live longer before it's gonna cost you more with vet build and food. But yeah, go ahead. Yeah, I'm just trying to understand the thought process on, on, on what everything you have going on and, and, and adding an added, an added expense on top of what you already have going on in life. I just don't think that was a wise decision. $10,000 for a dog. You could have went to the Humane Society and adopted a dog for 50 to a hundred dollars. Yeah. 10,000 for a dog. Like, like let's think about that.


I do. And I, I I need, I need us, I need us from this point on being that now we are, we are a pair. You need to run things by me before you make those type of decisions. Where you paying that kind of money for anything? You know what, what it'd be, it'd be best to let me know before you make any, any in just pur purchases like that again, I've, I've had a dog. A Dog. I've had a dog every year. A pet, I shouldn't say a dog, a pet, a dog is something that, but I've had a pet every year since 1992. The one thing that my financial people never question me about. Never.


This is The guy, This is Teddy bear. Hey, he don't, he on talk. Can he do it? Can he do a trick for 10,000? That motherfucker better be able to do something. Tell him set it up. Ocho. Ocho. I remember when I fir when I first, when I first got out, when I first moved out here. Yes sir. I left the dog and my significant other in Atlanta. So that was 2016. And so yes sir, I would go home once, once a month. She would come out here once a month.


And I just got to the point, I was like, look, quit your job. Move out here. Ooh. If you can't find, if you can't find another, if you can't find another job, I got you. Damn. Okay. Oh, I like it. I like her job was able to transfer her and she was able to get out here. But so she got out here and the dogs didn't come immediately. I had to go back and get the dogs right. But they wouldn't let me fi I had a, I had a big dog at the time. Tonka. Wait, what kind of dog you got? I got a, I got a, I had a bull masted. Ooh, Them boy. Them boy, boy Dead of the summer. So they wanted to fly, they wanted to fly from Atlanta to Detroit. Right.


Detroit to, to Texas. On to la. I was like, oh no. So I rented a private jet to go get me and the dogs. We flew a private jet. Me and three dogs. Boy, you got money, boy. You got money. Teddy, Teddy, can he do a trick? See if he can see, see if he stand up. He said, he said, my trick is this right here. Said, earn our cute, adorable Teddy. He said, first of all, he like, daddy is my bedtime. He say, and, and, and Jordan, he came and woke me up out of my bed. He said, 10 thou, 10,000 Ocho. The one thing my financial guys, my financial people never questioned me about Yeah.


If I say I'm gonna get a dog. Yeah. They says, okay. Nah. That's the only thing. Well, You need, you need to, you need, When I say I, when I say I need to do something for my kids, I need do something for my family. Oh, for the kids. Yeah. But when it comes to the, You know what, I think I'm going to submit my resume to be your financial advisor from this point forth, Ocho, Private jet, Ocho, $10,000 dog. I work because I want to not 'cause I have to. Mm. Well we, we, we, we in the, we in the same, we in the same Boat. You me exactly. We in the same boat. But Ocho, Ocho, I am not, I am not gonna work the hardest and enjoy the least of my money.


Right. That what says, did that think about what you, what what you're asking me to do. Shannon develop all these shows. Shannon, you've had both hips replaced. You've had a fractured eye socket, a dislocated elbow, a broken collarbone, knee surgeries on both knees and both ankles. Damn God damn. Yes. And so now, and I'm working, I work Monday two, I work Sunday, Monday, twice on Monday, Tuesday and Thursdays. And you say, you know what, Shannon, you making you do, you do okay for yourself, but now you do. Nah, Shannon, don't, don't, don't spend no money. Don't enjoy yourself. Okay. See, while you go on vacation. My dogs, that's my vacation.


That's my enjoyment. Okay. I'm You bought that. You bought chall. That Birkin bag. See I bought myself a, I bought myself a, a Pomeranian. You bought Rell a new car. I went and bought myself a barbo. We got different things. We like different things. Ocho, That's two different dynamics altogether. $10,000 for a dog. Yes. For a dog. You see, Only, only a person that owns a pet could possibly understand some things. And you know what? I lost the dog and I did a Facebook, I did a Facebook story.


Mm. Some things can only be seen through the eyes that have cried. Mm hmm. I understand what you're saying. But $10,000 is still $10,000 when there are dogs that to bere, there're dogs that need to be rescued. Lemme Ask you a question. They got beautiful dogs all over the place. When you bought, when you bought, when you bought, bought, when you, when you bought rail, that car, did they come with a driver? Which car? The Maybach. Yeah. Did did it come with a driver? Nah. Yeah. She she's the driver. Not me. Exact. Exactly. When you buy those expensive purses, do it come with money inside of them? No. She put her own in there though. No, no, no. But you bought them.


You see, we just spent our monies on different things. Ocho. Yeah. That's, that's different though. Unc, man. No, it's not different. I'm, I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm trying to help you. You gotta understand that's an investment with the, when you see me buying stuff, that's an investment. A a MABA is not an investment. A car is a depreciated Asset. No, no. The person I'm investing in is the investment. Stay with me now. What you think I'm investing in, the person I'm investing in is the investment. I'm investing in the dogs because I'm investing in my happiness. You see, your happiness is one place. My happiness is another place. No, no Nos, no. This, this, this. Not, this is not, this is not what we gonna do. You can't allow and put that kind of pressure on the dog to make you happy.


That happiness come from within. That come from within. I, I know, but I'm saying, okay, listen. Happiness not something that you find. Yeah. Happiness is something that you create. Yeah. I've created happiness through my You just said, you just said it was a different kind of happiness. Buying the car for real. Or buying the bags. I said, I said, I said it was an investment. Okay. And I'm getting the return on that investment. I'm getting the return on mine. You don't think I, you don't a lot of times Ocho what you think. I you don't think I, when I come home and to see and to hear all those, as soon as I click the, click the alarm on my car or they hear me back up and close the door and they start barking. And when I get to the door, I got three, three right there in the door to greet me.


Okay. I'm, listen, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna let, I'm gonna, I'm gonna let you slide with this one. But still $10,000 American dollars. Ocho. Ocho. Think about what you do with your time. You spend your time playing video games. Yes. I play, I spend my time developing shows to put on television. Now who's doing what? I'm spending my time. I'm spending my time trying to make money. So how much money you making playing video games? My, my money. My money making No hold. Hold on hold. I Wait, I, hold on. Stay with me now. I own three McDonald franchises. I'm asking you money. My money's making money. Why you playing video games? I make money on Twitch. So what you think you're doing right now? What we doing right now?


We making money. Okay Then We, we make, we make money. Okay. And so how do you, how do you think I came with this idea what you thought I was doing? You right, you right. Hey listen, lemme tell you something. You picked the right one too. Now you flying private. You know how much it cost to fly private man. Yeah. Do you know how hard Yeah. How I work. I know how hard you work. I know how hard you work. But come on over here. Lemme fly with me somewhere. Let me fly with me on spirit real quick. Not C 18 E. Lemme ask you a question. Ocho, I'm sure unfortunately there's been some people that passed in your family.


You've, you've gone to, you know, home going services. My, my Mama and grandma. Yeah. Yeah. Was there a brink truck in any part of that procession? No. No. Was there a U-Haul in any of that procession? Don say ain't nobody took nothing with them. Now you leave everything what you think your kid gonna do. You think your kid's gonna be as frugal and as thrifty and as miserly as you? Yeah. Now you made, you made all that money. Now you that you, I i would, I i I would hope so. Because Hope. See that you going, you over it again. You see what you did? See what you said. You hope You seen, listen, lemme tell you something. That's a fe That's a female's name.


I don't know nothing about a hope. I I I went to school with a girl named Hope Perkins. Listen Shannon, what percentage of us go broke two years after we finish playing? What percentage? That's, that's if you, oh, probably like 87%. If I'm not mistaken. 87% of us go broke after we done playing. Yes. Yes. But see that's when you got, you got three houses, four cars, and you got four people on college funds. That's not your kids. You know what I'm talking about. I know what you're talking about. But even still, I got 411 kids. I'm still doing well. Very well. Yeah. Oh, For sure. Very, very, very well. Yes. 12, 11 kids removed from the game of football.


You know what I eat, I eat a certain way, but I treat myself occasionally. I'll eat some cookies. I'll have a, I have some chicken. I have a burger. Okay. So if I wanna work it hard as I've been working, say, you know what, I'm gonna go, I wasn't gonna be able to make the game on time. Right. I promised time when I came out here and interviewed him in December, I said, I'll be here for your first game. Yes sir. See, I, I don't make promises because promises are like pie crust, thin and easily broken. I make commitments. I committed to that man that I was going to come see his first own game. Right. I'm coming.


Okay, I'm coming. I, i I don't mean to be in your personal ven. I just in case, in case for me, if I want to say I wanna dibble in mustache and I wanna, you know, take the kids somewhere, private jet, you know, we, we go on vacation or something. Yes. What, what, what's, what's that gonna run me? What about how much, what's that gonna run? It all depends. It all depends on how big the jet is and how far you going. Okay, let's say I, I need a big one 'cause you know I, my key. So you want, you want a g you want a G five, G six. So you're talking about probably 10, 15, 20,000 an hour. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Rewind.


15 to 20,000. A hour. A hour? Yeah. Oh. Nah man. Sh shit. Oh my bad, my bad. Nah man. 15, 20,000 an hour. So if I gotta fly to LA in LA is, that's a far fight. Five. I gotta pay 40. I gotta pay 50 grand. More than that. Yeah. More than that probably. Man. Come on man. Come stop playing man. Listen, listen. I fly, I, I have to do, I have to work. I have to work and fly and travel every Monday. I gotta go to Jersey. Right. I gotta go to Jersey. Yeah. Quick right down the street. Two hour flight. I get Spirit Airlines ticket 80 round trip I get from point A to point B.


Just as fast. Just as quick as you, you, you, you in. I But you know what I did. Huh? It's, you get the, get the X row. You get the X row. You ain't had no bed. You saw your boy laying down eating breakfast and breakfast in bed at 30,000. Hey, but listen, listen, tell, lemme tell you what I can do. I can stop at the drive drive-through and get breakfast before I get on that flight. No. And sleep at 30,000 Ocho. I'm Gonna be sleep. Look, I, I'm not, I'm not wasteful. I'm not wasteful. I'm not wasting with my money. Ocho. Okay. I got, I got two repaired hips. I got two artificial hips. I got artificial eye sock. Yeah, I got my hip. Both my hips replaced.


Wait, one question. One question. Yeah. Both of your hips replaced. I messed up. Yes. Did you eat health? Did you eat healthy while you was playing? Man, did we, we're not doing I'm just, I'm just, I'm just asking. I'm just asking. When you, when when you was in the NFL, did you eat healthy while you were playing? I'm just asking a question. Yes. Okay. Okay. Alright. All right. I'm not saying it had anything to do with your hip replacements. I'm just asking if you ate healthy or not, but, okay, go ahead. I mean, so what you, what you trying to say? What you trying to get? No, I, I was just trying to say, I'm just trying to say I, I, I played, I played for a long time. I played. No, you didn't, you didn't play long with me. You didn't play long with me. I played long. You probably would've Played. I played 12. I played 12. 12. I played 12 with no injuries.


Not one. Well, I messed up my pinky. Look at my pinky. I can't even, I can't even, I played, I play, I got 14. 14. Ooh. But you know what? You ain't playing the trenches like I did though. But you better stop. I was a tight end. You would not be. You ever been on one special team? Who? I, I played special teams until my fourth year in the league. What you talking about? I was a gun. I was a gunner. I so was I Whatcha talking about? And I was a L three on the kickoff kick return. I was in the punt, punt return. I was the, I was the kicker. I was the backup kicker. What you saying? You ain't the only, you ain't the only special team dude. Like I do it all.


Did, did you see what, did you see what that pointer did in Buffalo? Did you see what he did? Exactly. So you say you was the kicker when you say you was the kicker. I I don't pay that no attention. Don't, don't Do that. Don't do that. Because I played safety. I played safety in high school. Don't do that. Don't do that. Oh my goodness. Don't do that. Everybody played, everybody. Will bo played both sides of football in high school? This, this, this is, this is the funny thing. Some, a lot of people don't know. This is something a lot of people don't know. And I, I'm gonna share this story. Obviously. I went to Oregon State, I played with TJ Hu Mazada as a receiver, my quarterback. When Jonathan Smith, who now is the head coach of Oregon State, the funny thing is, I was supposed to be a defensive back going into the draft. I was supposed to be a defensive back. I went to Oregon State to play db. Listen to me, let me finish.


I listen, I lie for you before I lie to you. But I get drafted by the Bengals. I, I tell Mr. Brown, Mr. Brown, I really don't wanna play receiver. I want, my dream is to always be a NFL db. 'cause I wanted to be like Prime. I wanted to be like Prime. But the DB room was too crowded. The DB room was too crowded and moved me to receiver. You ain't even know that Ocho, you won't hit nobody. Ocho, honey, you won't hit nobody. They said the same thing about Prime. They said the same thing about Prime. And he won hit nobody he gonna hit. But one thing about it, I Why locked down one side of the field? Huh? Why does everybody, when they talk about they go to the highest man, I was like, prime, or I was like LeBron or I was like, Ken Griffey Jr.


Why y'all just can't go to a marginal player? Because I'm not, nothing about me is marginal. Nothing about me marginal. Only margin I know is butter. I ain't the one and I'm not the two. I'm just telling you. Look at my check. Check my, check my resume. Check my stats. In high school I had, I had, I had 22 picks one year. Nobody ever done that before in South Florida. Dad County legend, man. I'm from Liberty City. Yeah. You had 22 fantasy picks. That's what you had Never that, never that. Oh, Joe. Never that you played, you were the wide receiver. You were, you had a I was, I was a defensive back at first. I was forced to move to wide receivers.


What I'm trying to tell you, I was a better defensive back. Yes. Wide receiver. What, what forced you to move there is because you wouldn't hit anybody. No, that is not what it was. The fact that the DB room with the Bengals, it was too crowded. It was three People. You didn't, you didn't play DB at Oregon State? Yes, I did. I played both ways. I with Travis Hunter before Travis Hunter. What? Talking about I was Dion. I did all that. Man, I did that. Yeah. Dion, Warwick? No, You were saying what you mean Dion? Who? Oh man. Hey, at Liberty City, listen. Liberty City Optimist, I played both ways.


I played receiver, I played db, I played quarterback and I played center. I did it all. Man. You like people when they put their feet on you? Yeah. I like, yeah, but I like, I like when rel ain't no, ain't no, I don't know who people is. I like when Rel put her feed them pretty, them goddamn damn pretty. Oh yeah. I, I Like you like, hey, you put your feet on me. You better fade. You don't like, you don't like women feet. You better let 'em So sit in cocoa butter for about three hours. Nah, you ain't gotta do that, man. Listen. Ain't nothing like, you don't, you don't be like when you, you don't suck. Never. Nevermind. You know this it, it's a kid friendly. It's a, it's a is a kid friendly show. Kid friendly show.


Hey, she better have some pig feet or some chicken feet. That the only thing I'm sucking. Go go in the bathroom feet. You Suck. You don't, you don't suck on the toe. Huh? Come on man. Come on Ocho. Wait, listen To me. What doing Ocho? What? Oh, Ocho. What we doing here Ocho? What? We Listen. Oh listen, stay with me now baby. Don't don't do that. Don't do that. Listen, I need you to live a little bit, man. Get you, get you some crushed ice. Right. Get you some crushed ice, crush ice. And you, and you take that foot, you start with the pinky toe and make sure it got a nail on it though. Make sure it got a nail on it. You start with the pinky toe and you, and you work way over. Man. It's like, it's like playing the flute baby. It's like playing the flute. Come on man.


Yeah, man. Nah, I like a good old pink, you know More pig feet. Yeah. You Know wax, I too now I like pig feet too. Yeah. I, I used to get them tongs to put that thing on that wax paper. Yeah. Yeah. Chicken feet. My grandma used to make chicken feet. Yeah. That's about it though. Ocho. I ain't going lie to you Man. Man, listen, I'm, I'm gonna send you, I'm gonna send you my book, man. I'ma, I got a, I got, I got a book for you. Ocho. Ocho. I ain't gonna lie to you. Ocho. If, if, if I suck on some toes, Ocho, we get married tomorrow. Ah, We get married tomorrow. You know, it's, it's, Hey listen, lemme tell you, stay with me now. It's a set of toes that just donate you $5 too.


Oj. I, you know what Ocho, I ain't, I ain't no, I ain't, no, I ain't really no tote, no foot. You know, I mean Right. You know what I mean? I like look, I like for pretty feed and stuff like that. But it's A lot of things you, it's a lot of things. You not, it's a lot of things you haven't done. Done. Yeah. That's Okay. That's, that's, that's okay. That's why, I dunno what you, I dunno what you about toes now? I mean, I, I, hey, I, I, you know, behind closed doors, it's all considered making love. Yeah, but I mean, I got, I mean, but what we draw the line though? What we stopping? Oh, hey, we oh, oh, oh, oh boy. I'm from Liberty City, baby. We don't draw no lines. We, we don't, we, well, we not all, we don't draw no lines. We don't draw no lines. Now I gotta put this car in park and get up outta here.


I gotta park this car. I gotta let you go the road by. I gotta let you go. Go Joe. As far as I need to go this far as I you to go. Always Say, we gotta get you on these goddamn training wheels. Boy. Gotta get you, you on training wheel. You living on training wheels, man. I don't know what's Wrong with Ocho. You Ocho, you speeding? You speeding? I'm speeding. But I, I got my seatbelt on. Yeah, man. Uhuh, I got my seatbelt on. Dang. Ocho. I guess I, I guess I am a little slow. Ocho. Yeah. We got 20,000 people on this thing. Live. What? Live. I tell you what?


Ocho I love y'all. What they, What they do? Twin Ocho. Check this out. Yes sir. She got some hot, she gotta have some hot sauce or something in the bag. I got sprinkler. I I got sprinkler some of them too. Oh. Oh. You, you see now you know what? This, this is what I like about you. This is what, like I threw something out there, right? Yeah. You threw it Out there. I threw it out there. And you still think about it. You know what, You know what, you know what that means? Since you still thinking about it. I know you gonna make it happen. Ocho. You know how you have been fishing and you catch the little and you throw it back. Right, Right, right. You talking about them to I gotta throw it back to you. Nah, nah. Trust me. You going, you going, you, you gonna be all, you gonna be All right. You gonna be alright. Trying. Just try baby.


Come here man. That tell you about these, about these what? Talk tell you, man. That's something. You, you, you, I'm my, I'm telling you man, them toes, I'm, I'm missing out. You, You missing out, man. What happened? Mercy. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. It's, it's, it's a, it's, it's another world that there, this lets me know there are things that you haven't done or experienced or explored. And you need to act like Christopher Columbus with somebody. Huh? What? Look, what doing I call your mama. Well, well, About, about our hair ain't done.


Hey. Hi. How you doing? Hi. Say I love you. Hi. Hi. Kiss Uncle Shannon. Your daddy crazy. I'm, I'm sitting here telling uncle about, about, about, about, you know the ice, the toes hitch. That aint ain't no secret. Ain't no secret. 'cause I don't even know Victoria. That's what I'm saying. rere some things. We got re said some things y'all gotta keep between y'all. For what? How you think I got 'em? I don't spend no money. So it definitely ain't that. Yeah. Yeah. I know you had to suck cold. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Man. I gotta, I gotta, I gotta do, I gotta do all the extra stuff, man.


'cause I ain't, I ain't, I ain't spending no bag. I ain't spending no checks. This ain't no come up no nothing. If you with me, you actually like me. For me. Well, I need, I need can you deep fry toast because you know we'll eat everything deep fry. You can't eat it. Can't, you can't eat it. Huh? Just, just try it just one time. Get you some crushed ice. Crushed ice, crushed ice. Well, I'm, see, Listen, you could chew bubble gum and walk, right? Yeah. All right. If you could do things, you can do two things at once. You gonna be all right. Just try it. I'm gonna have to send another Tasha, Marilyn, get the beat wife first. I need to see her get them feet. I go, Tasha, Let it do my n my manicure and pedicure.


And matter of Fact, do one better go on YouTube. I got a tutorial. I, you know, I do manicures and pedicures. I don't, I don't, I I don't send her to nobody. 'cause I learned to do everything myself. To help me save money, do her nails and feed yourself. Now, next day you gonna tell me you be biting the toenails off you. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I, dude, oh, I went to school for this. I took cosmetology class to be able to save myself some money. So all, all, all her upkeep, her necessities. I learned how to do it. So I ain't gotta spend no money. No, I paid for that. No. I don't know. Well, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna save me a dollar now, you know that.


Yeah. Well, I'm gonna save my, I'm gonna save my mouth off somebody feet. So you save with a dollar. I'm saving my mouth. I'm telling you. Unc, you want to take 'em somewhere they never been before. You want to take 'em somewhere? They never been before you got Well, how We go to, how about we go to Bali? Can we go to Bali? Can we go to the mal de I'm taking 'em somewhere. They ain't never been before. Nah, that's, listen, it's sand everywhere. It's water. It's beaches everywhere. Nah, Not the mal. Yeah, it's, oh, I listen it, I'm no disrespect. I enjoyed the trip. It was no different. I live in Miami, Maldives, Miami growing up. How about this here saying what's the goddamn difference? And ladies, ladies, would you rather have put, we gonna put this up.


Would you rather have your toes sucked With crushed or crushed ice? Crushed ice, don't it Ice crushed ice. Yeah. Crushed ice. Yeah. Or A 10 day trip to the mal de 10, 10 days. The Maldives of Bali. Who wanna go to the Maldives in Bali for 10 days a trip? Maximum should be three days. Man, you out your damn mind. You going halfway across the country, man. You know bro. Ocho, that's 24 hours to get there, man. And so you gonna turn around and come right back. But I listen, I, you, well, you better than me. 10. You Fuck told you told longer than that. 10 days.


You know how long. 10 days is way over there with nothing to do. It's only so much. Yeah, there's to do. It's to do Osha. OSHA got so to do. You, you lying. Ain't who told you that? Hey, Whoa, man. 10 days. IGII guarantee everybody agree with me. No, no, no, no, no, no. Uhuh. I Guarantee they do. What do women say? What, what, what 80% say they rather go to the mall. Des they Lying. They do. You lying. They lying. They de they definitely lying Ocho women. They they lying. They lying.


Yeah. Don't, don't let 'em fool you. They, you know what They trying, they bougie. They bougie. They trying to show off of the chat. They probably, they, they dude probably watching. That's what I'm looking for. Check this out. Marco donated. Donated and he wants to know 98 Broncos or the oh five Bengals. Who wins? Oh Oh five. Oh five Bengals Offense. Offense was too crazy. Offense was too crazy. Listen, I respect, I respect your nine eight Broncos and what y'all was able to do and accomplish. But y'all didn't have an answer for nothing. We had offensively what was the, nothing We Had what, what was the nine, eight Broncos? What, what was we rated?


Rated in the top, in the a hundred year history of the NFL on Super Bowl teams. I think we are like top 15. I I, I don't care nothing about your rating. I'm telling you about that. Oh five Bengals offense. And that defense that we had, that had, That didn't win, that didn't win a playoff game. What you mean? The one where Carson went down with the knee injury when chemo and ven o often whatever his name is ran into his knee. Yeah. Yeah. That, that Bengals offense. The one That was ranked Ocho. Y'all Ocho the Number that was ranked? Yeah. The offense that was ranked number one in the goddamn NFL that year. There. That offense. Ocho Ocho, you Chris Henry, TJ Hoda Rudy Johnson. Yes. That offense, you Ocho you realize y'all ain't win but 10 games in the regular season and you think that's prolific.


Y'all won 10 games. What does that have to do with the nine eight Broncos beating the goddamn oh five Bengals offense. It wasn't happening baby. It wasn't happening. We the 13, we, we, we the 13th rank team. It wasn't happening. There's nothing you could do and y'all had nothing on. How you gonna stop me? Answer me that o how you gonna stop me? Just answer the question. How you gonna stop me? Pittsburgh did Name your DB Pittsburgh Did. I mean, well, they put three people on me. Oh God damn. That's pretty easy to do. Gotcha. They stopped you. But y'all, Y'all didn't do that. Y'all were gonna be arrogant on defense. Y'all gonna be arrogant on defense and say, you know, we gonna play. Oh, we gonna play 85. Man out. Chris, We were offensive led team. We had the mv, we had the little league's MVP that lead running back. Okay, what does that have to Ooh, TD Terrell Davis.


Hey, that boy was nice. Listen, when y'all run And, we had two 1000 yard receivers When y'all run that stretch play with td that stretch. And if, if, if they, if, if, if they go too far and he cut back, Ugh, that was nasty. And you already saw I, I sent you Ed Smith, Ed Rod and McCaffrey. Oh yeah. We were locking him up. And you already saw, I tweeted you holler. I, I tweeted you loose up today. Yeah, you were nice. Now, because you know your boy, I get, I get, I get hot like a spoon in a crack house. Yeah. That's That between me and you. Ocho Ocho that between me and you. Don't let it go no further. Yeah, let it go. I run hot. I ain't gonna let it go nowhere. But I just know one thing that, oh, five year might've been one of my best seasons ever.


And the fact that if I got, if I got a hold of anybody on y'all defensively, for one, I was gonna have them out the game. Whoever your corners was back then, whoever your safety and your strong safety was, I was gonna talk to 'em out their game before the game even started. Trust me. Oh, you know, back then they could, ooh, you know, back then you get physical. You could hit somebody. I don't care. There was no defensive Receiver. I don't care nothing about that. I Don't You out. I don't care. Nothing about, I don't care. Nothing about that. I don't care at, at one. Did you see Atwater? Did you, did you see Atwater knockout Robert Brooks himself? Forget that. And Ray cr What about when Atwater Court goddamn Christian Naco coming through that goddamn a gap. That's 2 65. Yeah. So imagine what he did to a one 70 guy. Listen, The fact, the, the hard part is, you have to think about it. I played 11 years, you know how many times they got hit clean?


Maybe three. Maybe three if that. Every time the ball snap, I know what Atwater has to do and where he has to be and where I'm going. No, I Always, he don't need to hit you clean. He just need to graze you. That's fine. That's fine. Trust me. I would've, I would've sliced and dice your whole defense up. And I mean that respectfully Breeze donated $20. He said, appreciate that show Unc. Ocho. But who's the player in today's game that you would love to play with? Unc? I know it's probably Mahomes for you. Ocho who you wanna play with? I played that would love to play with in today's game. Boy, that's a good goddamn question. I'm, I'm assuming he's talking about quarterbacks, right? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you, if you wanna play with another receiver opposite, you can, You know what?


Honestly, it, it would be really dope. I would've loved to be on the other side of Chase. And if, if we, if we talk quarterback, obviously I would've liked Burl to be that quarterback. If I, I, I wish I could be a younger me in today's offense in Cincinnati, You ain't gonna get no balls. Chase getting all the balls. If I'm in my prime. I just said younger Ocho, Chase getting all the balls. Let me try this again. I said young in my prime Ocho, which would be no, no different, no different than me. That we would've been two, we would've been 2000 yard receivers. Just like Rod and Ed McCaffrey. You just said that, didn't you, You went to testing, testing, testing, testing. Okay, so I'm not reverberating.


Chase been getting all the balls. Okay. Okay. Oh, oh. You trying to test your mic to make sure I, I heard I was making sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Chase get all the balls. I mean, that, that's fine. He can get them. He can be, matter of fact, matter of fact, I hope they double him too. And leave me one-on-one. And what you think gonna happen? A younger Ocho? Huh? That must Ocho. Hold on, hold on. Stay with me. Now that Ocho that had the list of DBS in his locker before the season started and checking 'em off one by one after every game. And all they had to do was stop me just one time. Yeah, that Ocho. Think About it. Ocho. Think about it. How little respect they paid ball. Nah, Uhuh, Uhuh.


Hey, listen, remember if, if I'm a younger me and I'm playing in this era and I'm playing and they can't touch you, they can't. I ain't, I ain't they they can't hit you. I ain't worried about going across the middle. Well, I would, I wouldn't worried about that anyway. But just still Any records. Do you got any records in, do you got any records in, in Cincinnati Chase done broke 'em all? I think, I don't know. I I don't really, I don't really pay attention Once I stop playing. You Pay attention. You pay attention. You Pay attention. I'm gonna pay attention. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't know my records. I don't even got no goddamn memorabilia from when I played all my touchdown ball. I don't even know where my touchdown ball's at. I can't even find my, I got a one for one Hall of Fame jacket. I don't even know where that's at. Ocho. I mean, look, I mean, when you go to the, did you train helmets when you went to the Pro Bowl?


Because y'all couldn't get, when I was going to the Pro Bowl, y'all couldn't give y'all helmets away. Nobody wanted the Bengals helmets. Shit. Me, boy, I took Everybody, I took Carl Pickers. I took Carl Pickers helmets out of pity. Nah, listen, everybody, I had to, I had to bring, they, the Bengals had to ship multiple helmets to Pro Bowl just for me to pass out. That's how many, that's how many people wanted my helmet. Ain't Nobody want no Bengals Helmet. Yeah. They, they wanted that Bengals helmet. They didn't, they wanted that, they wanted that Bengals helmet. 'cause something about that 85, it don't matter where you played or what area you in, that 85 was special. No, that's what it was special. And you know what, it's nothing you could do about it. You can't take it away. That is, ain't nobody wanna Be, I'm just wanna be, I'm just telling you, I'm just, I'm just telling you, I ain't gonna lie to you. I ain't gonna lie to you. You Lie.


Well, I'm just saying maybe that changed, but not in the nineties. Early 2000. I mean, I hadn't got there yet. I hadn't got there yet. Oh man. I ain't got there yet. Matter of fact, the Bengals had a, Bengals had a better running back than y'all. Who? Cory motherfucking Dylan stop playing. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah, I don't know if he was, I don't know if he was there out there. All Corey, Corey, Dillon. Matter of fact, he might've had the most Russian y'alls for a running back. I think it might have been against the Broncos. I wasn't There. If I'm mistaken. I was In, it don't matter. I was in Baltimore. You, you, you're a part of the team.


I'm in Baltimore. It don't matter where you play for before Baltimore. Check the Steps. Where did you, Where did you play at before Baltimore? I was in Denver. Oh, so that means you were part of the team. That means you got that work too. I was in, I was in Baltimore. Corey Dillon was better than Terrell Davis. What? Yeah. Yeah. Mr. Ravens in 2000. Pull up those stats. Oh, don't do. Oh, don't do that. Ran over 'em, ran through 'em like I did. Ran through 'em. Yeah. The game. Yeah. No, you out the game. Didn't knock you out to get you, Man, please. This, this is what I do.


Talk and walk it. Talk and walk it. Walk A you'd walked on the field, took you off At a, at 150 pounds. I talked and, and walked it. Oh, I would like that. Maybe you, you How about This here? How about this? Here, My baby against the Two. This is what Corey Dill did against the 2000 Ravens. Yeah. 16 carries 23 yards. What? 16 carries 23 yards. Why you, why you gotta say the 2000 Ravens? You mean probably one of the greatest Was I was The same. You mean the same defense? That only act that only allowed what? 10 points a game? 10 Points a game? Yes. Yeah.


Okay. I'm telling you, I was in Baltimore. All right. So ran against. So you said, oh, so you, you said forget the, the game against Denver that I'm talking about, where he had the most yards, wasn't There. Okay. Okay. Which What you I like, I like, I like, I like what you're doing. That was, I like, that was a nice, I like it. I liked the way you moved the goal post. I mentioned Denver and you mentioned Baltimore. Okay. You wanna talk about what? Nobody, Nobody ran against that goddamn 2000 Baltimore team. So that ain't really saying nothing. So you want me to go back? So you want me to take, so, so when the Broncos lost in the eighties, all those Super Bowls, that was me too. Huh? Even though I was in high school and college Now, I don't count. It's just once you ride, once you, once you arrive there and after you leave, you are associated with that team.


Oh. That's just, that's the way it works. So, so you took a part of this l the night that the RA is put on y'all? Yes. That's why anytime I talk about the, about the Bengals, I say we always, okay. We, and I don't speak French. We, But I wasn't on that. I wasn't on that Broncos team. That Corey Dillon set the record. It's been broken. I mean, Jamar broke it. And now I think AP got the record at 2 96. So yeah, he had the record at Broke O j's. He, no, he broke Walters. I think Walter Payton had the record at 2 75. He went 2 78. Jamal went 2 95 and AP went 2 96 against the charger.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Networks, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How's it feel? I am A loyal viewer, One of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey Shannon Ocho. My brothers roasted each other so viciously I question their love for one another. If you and Ocho had a roast battle on nightcap versus Coach Prime, who would win FY? You got the ash roasted people now too. We blame you Shannon. I I I would win a roasting battle me that. That's me. That's me. That's me. And matter of fact, this is the thing. Put a poll up. Put a poll up. Now you, you know, you listen. You ain't gonna have, if, if, if there was a roast battle. We used to have roast battles on Twitter. Hey, chat. If you, if if you in the chat, I'm not sure how long you've been following me. Unc, me and the city of New Orleans, the entire city of New Orleans, that's on Twitter. We used to have roast battles back in the day.


We used to be ribbing each other back in the day for hours at a time. This is when social media, you know, the era wasn't as sensitive as it is now. Now you say the wrong thing. Yeah, yeah. To Get suspended. Yeah. Yeah. Those were some of the, the best times on Twitter through me, me and Marlon Wayne used to go at it. Me and Kevin Hart used to go at it. Me and Lou Duval used to go at it. Like, if you can, you know how people would pull up old tweets and know talking about, yeah. Was this you based on something you said long time ago? People, if you in the chat, you can go back and look at some of the old tweets for me and Kevin Hart. Lil Duval. Marlon Waynes. Who else? Joe. Oh, Joe, you can't Ocho not with no roasting. Not no roasting. Ocho. Not, not, no, not when it, I'm talking about y'all call it ro when it come to Jonie.


I'm talking Ribbon Jon. Ranking. Ranking. You finna see me Ocho. Not with that. Ocho. I Ocho you, you route running. I'm saying o Ocho come that route running. You don't, you gotta give, if you, if you wanna say saving money, Ocho, I'm gonna give you that. But when it come to Jon, You not finna beat me. Ain't Jon. Ain't nobody Finn see me. Jon. Not no Jon. Hey, you throw some tweets. They already know how I hit them. Hey. Yeah, I'll make them. Hey, I'll make them delete they tweets that what I do, I'll make them delete it. Jump on. Hey. Okay. Just because I'm on TV with a suit and tie won. Hey, I tell 'em I got a thousand jokes. I'm on number seven. On number seven.


Now I'm, I'm, I'm gonna say I'm the same way though. I'm a jokester. I'm a, I'm a I'm a clown. Just look at my, the, the, the personality and just, well, you know, me and you are damned to the same. Especially when you were playing to you use it the same way. So it's, it is, I it is really, I don't know. It it depends. It, I, to me I think it's all on preference. I, I got, I got, I got the joke. They say, who would win a roast battle Unc at 58% Prime at 24%. You in third place at 18%. Well, you know what it's, it's 'cause it's 'cause it's your show. So they just gonna side you it About, it's, it's Unc and Ocho. Who name, who name you said first, Which sound better? Unc and Ocho or Ocho and Unc.


I mean, what come in the alphabet? What come first The o to you? Oh My God. Oh. Unc come first. Nah, I'm talking about the first letter. What come first in the alphabet to o to you now, but rightfully so. Yeah. Uncle Ocho do sound better though. It do sound better. Yeah. That's why they that's why they picking you first. But they know damn where you not funny to be Ocho Ocho. When it come Ocho, when it come to Ocho, I went to an HBCU Ocho. I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a ologist. I'm the highest degree of Joe. No, No, no, no, no. You went to HBCU Boy. I'm from Dade County, man. I'm from Liberty City. You had, you had to be able to tell jokes just to survive. What you talking About?


I can tell jokes, but I'm talking that You had to rank, you had to Jones, you had to be able to, to keep people up. All of you. Not with these, not with your Hands. Not with that Jonie. Ocho. Not with Jonie. Not with Jonie. Ocho. You ain't ready. Oh Joe, you can beat me in a lot of things. But when it come to lip faring, nah, I'm the undisputed. I'm 500 old when it come to lip faring. Nah, you Don't. Nah, I'm telling you man. You don't, you don't want to do that. How many injuries do you think you would've had if you'd have played 23 seasons? None. Hell, you wouldn't. None Ocho stop it. I, I still, I haven't got hurt yet. I'm 55. I ain't been hurt yet. And I'm still active. I'm still playing.


You, You ain't football active. Go, go and go out there and catch that three slip. I bet you won't go out there and catch that three slip. When I, when I caught him when I was playing, I made a business decision. I'm not gonna get Hurt. This how your hell would be, you be the ear. Be right there. Listen, if if it, if it came down to it, it push came to shove, I can go out there right now. I can put up 1400 right now. 1400 what? 1400 yards In you. You talking in, in that ab league. That ab that that the ab used to be owner. Have you not seen the rules?


You can't touch, you can't hit nobody. You can't do nothing. You, they, they basically playing with flags out there. You ain't Yeah, I'm not getting 1400 right now. Ocho. You done been away from the game. You done forgot how to fall, bro. Listen, I ain't fall. I ain't, I ain't forgot. I ain't Ocho. I did, I did. Juujitsu just like two. I know how to fall. Okay. Okay. Jujitsu. But you know, you know, even when you leave the game, you take that time off from the time the season end until it starts. Yeah. Your spidey senses have to start tingling. Oh yeah. Because you gotta know where, okay, I ran this route, it was discoverage that that hit's gonna come from this place. Yeah. Or I ran this route and it can't, it, it's go.


So you gotta feel that all over again. So now you done been, bro, you done been away from the game for a decade. Listen, I've been away from the game for a decade, but I still remember, I still remember coverages. I played Madden, I played Madden. So Madden, Madden in, in real life is really the same thing. It's the same. No, it's not really the same thing. Oh yeah. I'm, I'm telling you it is. You just got, you gotta know the game. You, I, I know the game. Listen to me. No listen Shannon, one thing about it, I lie for you before I lie to you. I can talk you 1400 right now. Well you lying on me right now. So Unc and Ocho big fan of you both. I did something unbelievable.


I suck my girlfriend toes with butter, ketchup, vinegar, honey. She told me, Hey, where you get? She say, where did you get the idea from? Yeah. I said Unc and Ocho. Yeah. Her response was, oh my God, I love you. Hey, See what I'm talking about. See what I'm talking about. Lemme tell you something. Hey young fella. Now listen, we gotta take it to the next level now don't The next level. Let's take it to the next level now. You done went through the, to now get you some whipped cream. Right Turn on her stomach. You hear me? Huh? Get you some whipped cream turn on her stomach. Stay with me now. Get you. You Better have a on her back. Get your, get your Nah, ain't no, ain't no plate.


Ain't no plate. Get you a strawberry or get you a cherry. And do What? Take that whi take that whipped cream. You know where to put it. Oh no, you put it hold on. Ocho. Yeah, Ocho, you done went from look here. You done got everything from toes to elbows and in between. Yeah. Are we in between right now? We in between right now. This listen Playing out his mind. You know where it's nor, you know where it normally exit, but you never enter. That's where you put the whipped cream. You hear me? And you put, you put your, Yeah. Put your mind boy. Your whole face boy. What You talking about man? Ocho. I Ocho, Ocho I got. Okay, okay. Well she on the back.


I get the front part. Right. But come on, Ocho, you pa huh? I guess, I guess you right around the, I guess you right around the corner. Slip of the tongue. Ain't nobody fault Ocho you right around the corner Dropping. Listen, the goddamn tan ain't now, but this big boy, you never lick no ass. Oh God. Ocho I be Ocho. I be Ocho. See y'all see y'all done ruin Ocho.


Y'all done ruin the Ocho. Y'all done ruin it. Ruin what? Because I, I heard that these young boys I'm talking about on the first date, be doing all that. It ain't got any Young, ain't got nothing to do with young Unc. Unc. You gotta listen. You gotta be like Christopher Columbus, baby. You got to explore now. No man. You gotta Explore. Nah man. You be get best round to beat. Done got shipwreck, fool with y'all. Pull with y'all Ocho that you Ocho I get. Okay. You got a girl. Y'all been together for some year, a year or two. Okay, fine. I but Ocho. Y'all doing that off the rip now? Yeah, you supposed to do that. Come on Ocho. Now y'all, Can I ask you a question?


You told you like, do you like, have you been fishing before? Yeah, I like to fish. You ever threw your fish in the goddamn water without the motherfucking bait on them? No. Can you catch a fish without the bait? But when I go fishing, I'm fishing for a particular type of fish. I don't just go eat it. I just don't go fishing for everything. Anything. Listen, When you, when when you go fishing, whatever you catch, you eat don't it? No. Hell no. I throw it back. If it ain't what I'm fishing for, hell man bad. You at your just because, just because you get on my line, that don't mean I'm gonna reel your ass here to keep you.


Hey, hey come on man. Joe. Y gotta stop. Ocho. Ocho. That's was a one. Nah, that was a good one. Nah, I see why your boy been outta gas lately. Young. But you young boys. These young boys doing it up out here. I see. Nah, but listen, but you just listen. This ain't nothing new. You just behind the eight ball. You know. Listen, you got, you still got the Motorola razor, you got the Motorola Razor And. we got the goddamn iPhone 15. That's the problem. You just say you not evolving, Unc you not Evolving. Not evolving. But Ocho need to Evolve. You got involved with the time man. You like you you be doing that caveman shit. Nah, Ocho, but I man about Ocho.


I did. I walked in one time with my homeboy. I thought my homeboy was looking at curtains. He hit the boot like that. I thought he was looking at the curtain boot cheeks open like that. Yeah. Yeah. I said, oh my goodness. I said, But y'all do now that's that, that, that technique is bad. You can't open this way. You got to get your, you got to get your little oil on. Got to get your a little oil, you know. 'cause you don't wanna split the crack now. 'cause you know if you dry, you can spit the crack. You, you hear me? I gotta, I need to take this to the heat Ocho. Y'all doing too much Ocho. I, I swear Ocho. Y'all, y'all doing too much. I'm just trying to get to where you're trying to go, baby. I'm just trying, Sean trying to get you where you're trying to go. Shawn, Sean asked.


Oh, why you grossed out about eating booty? Yeah, you eat possibly raccoon. But o but I had to build up with that. That's an acquired taste. I guess Mo is acquired taste too. Huh? You, you think ass ain't acquired Taste? What? What they can they fry talking about can they fry? Listen man, listen, that's Do Jamaican style. What about Korean de That's a delicacy. What About Indians? It's a delicacy. Yeah, man, I'm telling you Man. It's a delicacy. It's, Huh? Yeah. Listen, listen, you take the, to, you know what? That's, that's, no, I ain't, I ain't. But I, I, I gotta say, I gotta say, I gotta say some good shit, shit for Tomorrow. Oh, oh, Ocho.


So, so in another words, so in another words, so yeah, this is like, this is like a first date kind of thing. A first date. Boy. First impress first impressions of everything. What? When you fill out a goddamn resume, you go in that goddamn job interview. Do you go in that motherfucking half stepping or you trying to get the motherfucking job? I'm trying to get, you trying to get a job, ain't you? Yeah. Well shit. Huh? Lift them up, turn them, flip them, spread them toes. I need put, I need put muscles to on man. Put it to use man. Listen, but Don't, I can't do no 180 like that. No, two twenty, two ten. I need a phone size. I need somebody about five. No, no, no, no, no, no. Get, no, I get no, I get you. Like you said, like you said two 10.


I'm all in. Oh no, don't icho, I can't hold no two 10 like that. Nah, listen you, you, she upside down. You standing up. Listen, she, she stand, listen, stay with me now. I'm with you. She, She upside down, right? Yeah, but she faces that way. What? Yeah, that way. And 'cause you, 'cause you strong. Boom. And right here, all you gotta do is just put your, put your head down. It's right there in front of you. You ain't got, remember she facing that way. So her head down at the bottom, but she facing the opposite way. Mm. So boom, it's right there in front of you. Little whipped cream right here. Little whipped cream. You spray it, put a little cherry there. Boom. Get the cherry get the, you know, boom. Like That. I want no chase.


Well if I going do all that, I don't need no chaser. So you put Chase on that thing? I don't need no chaser. You don't, you don't. Wait, hold on. What's the chaser? The chaser, the cherry, The whipped cream. Oh. You don't want no whipped cream? Oh. That's just to dilute the taste. In case in case she got any turtle heads. Oh, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We gonna, the shower, I'm washing that thing myself. I ain't taking her word for it. Oh no. That thing when I, when she come up outta, I think gonna be Hawk Chitting clean. You you go stick it stand. There you go. Yeah, I have do that one. But you know what I mean. I mean this is, this is, this is for for the rookies. This is for the rookies. Just in case. This is for the rookies. Just in case. But hold on a Sean, Let me, You have to understand, I ate possum and raccoon when I didn't really have a choice.


Wasn't nobody bringing no baby back ribs or wasn't nobody bringing no New York strip or no Prime. So that's what we had to eat. Yeah, right. But listen, I guess that's why my phone don't be ringing. Yeah, I mean that, that too. But you got to, we gotta get you to vogue. Hey, you talking about man, I, you be done got drunk. You done drunk or booty juice? Ooh, I don't, I don't drink. Yeah. You, you doing all that? You booty juice drunk? Nah, nah, nah. I don't, I don't drink. I don't drink. I Said, Oh, I'm in Rice State mind. And listen. The funny thing about it, those that ain't, I Promise you Ocho, don't you offer me nothing. Look here. If we, if we get stranded on a desert island, And, we ain't got but one jug of water.


If you drink up out, if you drink out that water, I'm done. Done. I'm out. Just go ahead, go on by. Just, Hey Ocho, go ahead on man. Tell them, hey, hey, tell my kids I love them. Tell my brother and sister I love them. Everything been taken care of. But I ain't drinking it after you Ocho. I can't do that. You Gonna be all right man. Be all right. I can't do it. Ocho. I'm just trying to get you right. Huh? I love Atlanta. I wouldn't wanna play in Atlanta because it's too much. Distractions. Distractions. Yeah. And plus, and plus, I'm, I'm to home. They're 30 NBA teams, right?


Yeah. All 'em not created equal. Every, every NBA, every NBA city had distractions. They Ain't created like ev all cities ain't created like Atlanta. You know that. I know that. It's not A NBA player that's focused on his game in the NBA with the Kobe type mindset. You think Kobe is gonna Take on, on the team? How many you think on the football team, how many people you think focused on a 53 man roster? Not counting the practice squad? How many of 'em are focused? I mean, the person who has the most focus? No, I'm not talking about probably Quarterback. Probably quarterback. The quarterback quarterback is always most Focused on a 53 man roster. Oh yeah. How many of 'em as focused as they need to be?


Mm. That, that's, that, that's hard. Hard. Ain't nothing going on in Cincinnati. Hey, the skyline chill. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Skyline chill ain't popping like that. Cincinnati popping boy. The mayor like that Skyline Chili. And I know you can drunk jump down to what you call them to the Kentucky Derby. I know you Wait a Minute, wait a minute, Cincinnati, We gonna run down the street and stop It. Lemme tell you something. In Cincinnati when I was playing, we had a place called Annie's. Annie's. Annie's just like Magic City. No it ain't, don't do that. No. Ain't Annie's just like Magic City. Ain't nobody put no Annie's in no song. Hey, we, we had Ain't ain't nobody putting no Magic Annie in no song. Hold on. We had, ain't nobody, when they get to the hotel, drop their bags off and go straight to my auntie's, they go in Magic City. Stop it.


Hey, we had roller skating. I used to go to, I go, I used to go to the session after the game. Seven to 11 roller Skate. Where you go to the roller skate that there on Cascade Road. See, you wanna go where you have rollers? Same, same thing. I mean, I mean I I'm I'm just saying, This man tried to tell me Cincinnati is the equivalent of Atlanta. It's, we got Cincinnati got women too. Huh? We got, we got the banks. When the last time you been to Cincinnati, have you, have you been on the river? Have you been on the banks and seen the banks? Now Cincinnati not the same Cincinnati that, that you remember we was playing. It's Think about what you said. Its Cincinnati. Oh, it's Cincinnati. Matter of Fact, by the way, wait, Cincinnati today right now is better than Atlanta.


Whatcha talking about? We, we have more to offer as NL players right now where they wanna play. Would they rather play in Atlanta or would they rather play in Cincinnati? No, no. Well they would rather play Cincinnati. They would rather play with Joe Burrow. Would you rather live in Atlanta or live in Cincinnati? No, they're going to say they'd rather live in Cincinnati and play with Joe Burrow because of what we have to Offer. Man, stop it man. Stop it. Let, Let's bet. Let Damn Will. Let's bet, let's bet. What you wanna bet I lemme see This man. Say this man. Say women in Cincinnati are the equivalent of a Atlanta. You ought to be ashamed of yourself. Better have you been to Cincinnati. What you talk about?


Whatcha talking about Atlanta? I not Listen. Wait. I might not even make first date tomorrow. Wait, I might be drunk. Listen, I might be drunk. I might be drunk on the show. No, You ain't drunk. Listen, I love Atlanta. I will be, I love, I've only been Atlanta maybe five or six times in, in my lifetime. I love Atlanta. It's considered black Hollywood. Beautiful people. Beautiful people. Cincinnati. We have everything, every ethnicity you are looking for. What hell you think Atlanta got? Huh? What The hell you think Atlanta got? Atlanta's called black Hollywood for a reason because we dominated in all areas. In all facets. Cincinnati awesome Is great. The only people, and look here, the only people that's moving to Cincinnati are athletes.


They play for the Reds, they play for the Bengals. You need to stop this Ocho. See? You don't understand. I do understand quite well. You Still thinking, you, you think about the eighties and the nineties. Cincinnati. I ain't about not same anymore. I'm thinking about Cincinnati. Think about it. Cincinnati. Think about What you saying. Not the ci Cincinnati have evolved. We have evolved Cincinnati, We have evolved. Cincinnati A very safe place to live. The people are great, the organization is great. Right now we have a pull up better women. Atlanta crushing 84% Cincinnati 16%. That's 'cause that's 'cause the 84% ain't never been to Cincinnati. They've never lived there. And that 16% ain't never been to Atlanta.


Man, this man this bad here, this man. Hey Chad. This man just up here arguing. Oh, I'm, I'm not, I'm I'm telling you, I'm not arguing with you. I'm just stating facts because I lived in Cincinnati for 11 years. I've been to Atlanta six times in Atlanta. It's beautiful. The people are awesome. Everybody is on they business. Everybody's is doing something great in Atlanta. Awesome place to be. Well I busy, But I know it. Cincinnati has to offer, We we got look, accept this collab because we gonna put this up And. we gonna stand on business and I want you to read the comments when they come into your page. Okay? Okay. Well I listen, I just say I didn't say anything bad about Atlanta.


I just said no would prefer, I would say people would prefer to live in Cincinnati. That's not bad. I just saying, I'm not saying nothing bad. Yeah, People, nothing's Wrong with Atlanta. Man. Look here. If you like Skyline Chili, take off Skyline Chili. Have you ever heard of Jeff Ruby Steakhouse? Huh? We got way that Huh? The precinct. Come on now. Stay with me now we got more. We got more You. What y'all known for? Y'all known for a TV show? WKRP in Cincinnati. Hey, that what y'all don't for. Okay. And that because y'all had Lonnie Anderson on there on. Gotta stop it. Hold on. Well what is a TL known for You Better stop. A a what Known for this sir? How About this?


They known for a L How about this the first place of the civil rights movement. Do I need to say anything else? Do you like your toilet paper over or under uninterrupted? Posted a video of your Bengals having to decide. Right? A University of Colorado study said it's more sanitary to hang the paper over as opposed to under. So are you a over or under guy? Over? Yeah, Under, you know, I like, I like it com I like pulling down. Is that, is that what you mean? That that's what you Mean, right? Yeah. That's over. Yes. Yeah. I like, I like, I like mine over, I like mine over and it, and it's very important.


Just not any type of toilet tissue. I hope y'all at home when you visit restaurants. The the small, small, small story. Not, not really a story, but when you go to restaurants and you have to use the bathroom at restaurants. I don't know how many of you use the bathroom in public. I do. I don't care. One, number two, it don't matter. You Nasty. Listen, sit your rust dance on them. Oh hell no. All All you have to do is dress the toilet up. You don't use The bathroom in public. I don't care. I ain't doing it. I ain't doing it. Listen, You don't know. Four, four corners. Four corners. Toilets is lay it down one in the front then sit your ass down. You don't do that. They need, they normally, they normally a lot of places have toilet seat coverage. Ocho. Right. You don't have to do that. You don't have to do that. Oh Well the places to go. I don't go to that fancy shit you be eating at.


So I got the motherfucking cover my shit with toilet paper and where I go at least. And this how you And you bring your ass back in the restaurant and eat after you done T of dumping them people. Restaurant. Yeah. You don't Do that going to dinner with you. Why? Oh you, hey YouTube My Hollywood for me, I wash my hands. I wash my hands and I got my sanitizer. What I do know, every pla public place they use single ply toilet paper because they have to flip won. Whoa. Stay. Listen, listen to me. This is how you know if an establishment, this is how you know if an establishment cares about its customers. Because if you go to establishment and they got one ply toilet paper, they don't care nothing about you. 'cause you know one time you take that two ply, you take that two ply and you roll that motherfucker around and you go back there and you could wipe.


If you wipe two goddamn damn hard, it's coming right through. You gonna have shit on your hand. I don't go nowhere. I don't go nowhere where they got no one ply. I Don't do that. That's why, that's why I ain't gonna eat with you. I one ply, four ply. You could use paper towels or towel. I ain't Gonna eat with you. Listen, I go to establishment where they have two plus Charmin, two plus Charmin. Soft, thick, thick. Ocho. I, when I, when I, when I, when I, when I swipe? Yeah, that bitch like a credit card. So just like, hey, I'm telling my team if Ocho, if o if Ocho invites y'all somewhere, don't y'all go out to eat with that man. So Wait a minute. So you really acting like that. So you don't use the public rest. They have public restroom for a reason. Now you acting like it's unsanitary to use the goddamn bathroom in publics.


Who raised you? I can wait till I get home. How you gonna wait till you get home if you gotta use the bathroom? Huh? Easy. If you gotta pay. If you gotta pee, you gotta pee. Oh, I pee. Yeah, I pee. If you got, if, if you got, if you got a boo boo, go boo boo. That's what it's for. Y'all nasty. You nasty. That ain't that first. No, first you can't have no woman that leave the door open. She gotta go to the other room. Now. You won't use the public restroom. What else? Huh? You can't live like that man. You, you ain living like, like you, you living like you in jail. You ain't in jail. You free baby. I be, I know that's why I could just come on home. I have, I've left the gym to come home to go to the bathroom. You left the gym just to go, boy. Do you understand if you releasing that gym, how much better you'll feel when you go back to your weights?


Huh? Once you get that weight off your Shoulder, I feel better. No, I'm Good. Alright. Okay. I something wrong with you. I'm not gonna, ain't Nothing wrong with me man. You go anywhere. That's what it's for. That's why it's called a public restroom. Yeah. Ain't no, ain't no rules. Ain't no rules. There are Rules and I guarantee everybody watching. I guarantee they agree with me. I guarantee Yeah, they probably do. That's I would hope so. I agree with you too. It's just not for me. Just everything I say like that nutrition, nothing ever for you. Just like that nutrition. You say McDonald's, you don't gotta do all that. I ain't gotta do all that. Right. And you told me what it, it got you that far in it. Yeah, it worked for me. That's why, that's why I look like this. I will come up out this shirt but I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna show it. I, I I see you got your little, your, your little muscles out today.


You see that? I see you Got your little muscle out. Yeah Dog. Big dog dad ever. I got you. I got you Man. O Ocho be Ocho be hating on me. You know I'm saying I guess he want me to take Greyhound or trail waves or something. Maybe You up, I mean I'm just, you know, I'm just trying from getting to point A to point B as fast and as safe as possible. Okay. Come on now. Go ahead. Say, say, say, say, say your little piece on why again yet again, you out there spinning unnecessarily, unnecessarily when there are other ways to get where you need to go to. There wasn't At a much better rate.


I had to get there and a, I had to get there and back. Now lemme tell you about my method of transportation. I happen to be flying a citation 10. The citation 10 is the fastest. You trying to, I ain't gonna, I wouldn't, I wasn't stu on you, but I'm trying to tell you Ocho, I flew a citation 10, which is the fastest non-military plane flight has a max speed of 720 miles an hour. So I mean, I I think it said a speed record. Jordan, what did he say? They went from LA to Fort Lauderdale or was it Vegas to Fort Lauderdale in three hours and 14 minutes. I think they said they went from Las Vegas to Fort Lauderdale.


Yeah, in three hours and 14 minutes. Now I don't know if anybody's ever been on a plane from Vegas to Fort Lauderdale, but that's booking. I mean that's humping. Yeah. It, it is booking. The only citation I know about is when I park in the wrong spot, you know, you park by a hydrant or you park outside the line or your meter run out and you get a citation. That's the only citation I ever know about and the only citation I will ever acknowledge. But go ahead And so you know your boy, you know your boy doing big thing. Doing it well, doing it and doing it. Right. Right. And you know, I saw you on there in my mention yesterday, jocky jocky jocky jocking me for being on a citation. It it made no, it ma it it didn't make any sense to me, but it didn't Make no sense.


Don't tell it didn't make any Sense to me because you had, you had to go to la you had to go to LA to Fort Lauder? No, I had to go to Dallas. I was in Dallas. Oh, so you went to LA to Dallas. Yeah, I went, I actually, I flew outta the private airport. I flew out of Van Nuys. Why would you fly outta Van Nuys? And they got an airport right at LAX that has American Delta Spirit, Southwest, JetBlue, frontier, that could all they all, they all have flights at a great adequate price that would've been good for you, that can get you from LA to Dallas. But you had to get on the citation 10 because it travel at miles or up to 700 miles an hour and they got you there in three hours and 45 Minutes. Whoa, whoa. We didn't take no three hours and 45 minutes.


How long it took About because the pilot came back there and says, Mr. Sharp, we're cruising at about 700 miles an hour. Is everything okay? You need anything? Throw that, you throw, we got snacks up there. So you know, they had water, they had soda, they had all the snacks we needed, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They got, they got that. They got that on the record. Whoa. Airlines too. Whoa, whoa. They got that on the record airline too. We got, they got snacks. Jeff Ocho, I had to get from point A to point B. Yeah, you got from point A to point B, but you, you did it Economically at A, at a, at a, huh? Economically. No you didn't. How much was it? I don't want even, I don't, I don't mean to be in your personal business.


How much was it to get from point A to point B? Man? Oh, Joe. You know, you don't, if you have to ask how much something cost, you can't afford it. You don't go into the Birkin store. You didn't ask when you bought rail that Birkin bag. You ain't asking how much it cost. Now you over there pocket watching. I ain't pocket watching. I just wanna know. You just said you, you, you, you, you made an economic decision. I did. And it was good for you. You did not. You you can't be, listen, we are an example, we are an example for the young people. We are example for the older people. We are an example for people that watch our show that are here to learn to better themselves and be financially conscious.


Yeah. In their decision making in the economy that we are in. If you are making rash decisions like getting on a citation 10 because you wanna give from point A to point B on a private jet at 32,000 feet going cruising at 700 miles, that doesn't send the right message to the people that follow us. And it's, it's all And. we have to align in our core values for this shit to work. Okay? We have to stay on one accord and right now you on your own track and you that for us to get what we trying to get to, if we trying to be here, we got to be, it got to be easy. Have you ever flown first class? So when you go from point A, when you go from point A to point B, I need you to, to align with me in that area.


When it comes to spend, I Ain't Ocho. But see here the thing though, Ocho, you know you got that big old house in Miami and you got all that stuff. I ain't got that. I I don't be spending no money like that. That's the second time you've been on a private Jane that Four time. But I ain't This year. Yeah. Yeah, I was out there. Hey, hold On. How many times you been On there, Jordan? How many times? Hey Ash, how many times we been on the plane play? Okay, we flew back from, we flew, we flew from Colorado to, to New York.


We flew from see North Carolina, George, we, where did we go Jordan? We built, we, we went to Colorado oh one. We Now, do you understand, did you add up, did you add up what that cost? Did you, did you add up? I mean, have you ever sat back and just got your calculator out and add up what it cost and compare it to if you flew domestic with Ash or with Jordan and understand how much money you could have saved regardless of what you have coming in. Regardless of, I got money coming in yet though Joe. I'm trying, I'm out here, you know, pounding on doors and trying to get advertisers and sponsors and so sometimes I have to take the private jet to try to drum up money for nightcap.


But since you can't, since you told me I shouldn't be doing that. Guess what? Whoa, Whoa. If you need to drum up money for nightcap, then we need to be making those type of economical decision and not spending money before the money come in. What are we doing? First of all, you do realize like when I spend money it ain't nightcap money is my money. Yeah. That's the point I'm trying to make. Don't spend Your money. But you know what, since you mentioned that you have to, I'm gonna start spending our money on private jet since Nike. No, no, no, no, no. Nah. Actually we Gonna do what we're gonna do from there. What we're gonna do from this point on this is 2024. Let's leave all the stunting and the flying private.


Leave that back in 2023. We have to be an example for the people. The people are watching us, they're watching how we move. The people are watching how I move. I stay on brand with who I've been five years, but that ain't on brand for me. Spirit ain't on brand for me. They see how I roll. See 13, a exit row, plenty leg room for you. It gets you from point A to point B under a hundred. I don't Know, I had a whole seat, whole row by myself. Oh, what, what seat you had Jordan. You know what, with three people on the plane, me, Jordan, one of my handlers And you know, and sometimes on spirit, sometimes it's only three. I don't blame because everybody else in hell no. And ain't my time to go. I ain't getting on him.


Nothing. Nah, here go here go. Yeah, everybody got, everybody got jokes man. It's, it's okay. Oh, Joe. You know what I'm saying? Ocho, I remember when I was like, I used to fly coach. I hadn't flown coach in a very long time, but I remember walking by, I was like, man, one day I'm gonna be up here, I'm gonna sit up here. And I remember the first time I bought a first class ticket, I told my sister, she like, boy, you spent all that money. I said, yep. And guess where my sister fly first class. All the kids first class. My mom first class. You think I'm gonna put my mom in the back? Hell no. I I I think, I think we might have a Jordan.


No, we got another flight. I think we got another flight from Atlanta to India, Indy. Oh. Oh, hold on. You know, so you don't, my my grandma used to say, man, a hardhead make a soft man. But Joe, Let me live. I'm, I'm letting No you not, I'm letting you. What? No, no, no, no. If you wanna live, let's live. Let's live, let's open up Pandora's box in some other areas of your life. Not when it come to flying, flying private. Like when it listen, open up the areas of dealing with women. Right? All of them. Give everybody a chance. Let's, how about try to whip cream? How about let's start eating ass. How about start there? How about let's start a Hold on.


Jump. Hey, stay with me. Nah, nah. You, you wanna live right? How about we start sucking some toes, start sucking some toes. Get you some whip cream. You got a Publix? Wait. No you ain't la What y'all got? Y'all got, y'all got Ralph? You got Ralphs and Bond? Go to Ralph's. Go to Ralph's, get you some whip cream and try some new shit. Blindfold. Put some, put on some handcuff. Oh, I already, I cover up. Okay. Okay. You talking living. I got zip ties too. You don't gotta fly private. You ain't gotta fly. I said that out loud. Let's live in other areas. I said that out loud. I Said zip ties. Oh, zip ties. Oh, I tell you what I'm gonna do. Ocho. I tell you what the first one that let me put some old, some more oxtail gravy.


Let me pull that down your back. Lemme put some more neck bone. Neck bone gravy. Mother fried chicken or pork chop gravy on your toes. Yeah. Count your boy. Yeah. Now we, now we talking That's yeah. Lemme do that. Lemme do that right there. That's, That's living, that's lemme get. Now we Somewhere brown about good old brown or some old red-eyed gravy and point down your Back. Yeah. Yeah. See that? That's perfect. See now, now you, you you're taking things that you're familiar with, things that you like. Yeah. I love, I love you Like the texture. You like The oxtails. Yeah. Yeah. You love the bingo. So you, you, you take that, you take those ingredients and then you add 'em on the toes.


Yeah. Or You add To the, to the, to the rectum area. I see that. You feel Me? Lemme take another, you Go to work. Mm Lord bad. The Volume


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila For a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further, We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and Off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I Am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You Got straightway. We try to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport by Kara Folo, Judy Batista and NFL Networks team of experts the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.