
Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the Jets season? Look no Further, we've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway. He tries to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then There's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume, the 82 Game preseason is in the books, and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right there in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime app actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again, create an account. Redeem code nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


I don't know if you saw this, there was a reporter in South Carolina. He went to the state fair. Yeah. And he was trying this, I guess it's a hot dog, a Polish dog or something. Right. And he got to chewing on it and you could tell because there wasn't no swallowing right. And he ended up putting it in one side of his mouth and said, okay. Back to you in the studio. What, what's, what's the worst food you've ever tried? The worst food I ever tried, and I would never forget it was the ba It is three different, it is three separate occasions. Grandma, baby, rest in peace. I will never forget this. And because of you is a reason I do not After church every Sunday, grandma forced me to go to church.


Every Sunday we go to church. She's after church. Right. She had the nerve to get them goddamn okras. And I made a mistake being greedy and put my hand in that slimy ass okra and ate a kid. And the ick that I got from the slime and the goo Yeah. From Okras, okra for me. Never. Unc. Never again. And just the thought of it, it it, it make me sick to my stomach. Zucchini. Okay. Zucchini. I hate, I don't know what it was, what made me bite into the whatever salad it was she was eating or whatever it was she was eating that day. All right. I, dude, ugh. I never had, I I don't like fried okra. I don't like zucchini.


And the third thing was squash. I don't like squash either. Her. And again, it's my grandma not telling you what I don't like tomatoes either, But, but me being greedy, biting into the something that she had squash in all the texture. What about meat? What about animals? Is there any exotic animals you tried? Any, any, any like Animals. Oh. Oh, I, I eat everything. I eat all animals. I, I don't care what it is. I'm You ever had raccoon? I'm Huh? You ever had raccoon? I caught one before. No. Have you ever eaten it? Oh yeah. Yeah. Possum? Nah, I ain't, I ain't ate no possum. Them niggas, them niggas dead. Don't play. What, What about squirrel? Huh?


What about squirrel? I had some squirrel. I had a little squirrel before. Squirrel Taste like chicken turtle, turtle. Yeah. I, I had a little snappy turtle. Yeah. The snapper turtle. Yeah. What else? Turtle? What else? I had a little, little kangaroo. Little crocodile. I had alligator bite. I had, I had octopus. Yeah. What else? Frog leg. You had frog legs. Oh Yeah. We had frog. Yeah. Had frog leg. I tried that. Had What about, hold up. What about chocolate? Chocolate ants. You had chocolate ants? No. Never tried that? No. Oh Man. That's, that's a delicacy right there. Chocolate ants. Yeah. Right. That's a Delicacy. I mean, you go to state fairs, that's where you get to try, you know, you get the fried, you get the fried butter, you get the fried snickers.


The fried Oreos. Right. The fried cake. You get some fried everything. But there's a delicacy down in the south. Right. And people, when I told, when I told my teammates about it, they didn't believe it. But I had a coach that was from down south, and he's like, yeah, it's a delicacy. We gonna bleep this out. But I'm gonna say what it is. We gonna bleep this out later. Go Ahead and say it. Go ahead and say it. Bull dick and onions, Nigga. What? Oh yeah. Oh, that's down south. Yeah. There people eat that. Wait, that's, that's, I, I understand that might be the word, but for better context, what is it really?


What are you really eating? It's the, it's the, the, the unit that a male cow, the bull Right. When he's deceased. Right. They cut it out. Right. They stew it down in onions and they eat it. Mm. Like rocky mount, like mark mount oysters, like cow testicles, hog testicles. I had Turkey testicles. So chi chitlins basically When I was a kid. Chitlins hog. Mall. Hog, hog head pig ear pigtail. Pig feet. Pig feet. Yeah. I love pig feet. I love pig tails. That that's, yeah. That, you know, hog head cheese, you know the pig tails?


You know you put pigtails in green. Yeah. You put Turkey necks in green. Yep. You know, you know, on, on, on the chicken, you eat every, every part of the chicken except the first and the last part to get over the fence. You eat everything. But the in the butt, the first part that cross the fence and the last part part. Yeah. But, but I didn't know until I got to college that you could buy individual chicken parts. Yeah. Because my grandmother always bought the entire chicken because it was cheaper and cut it up. So I didn't know you could get all drumsticks, you could get all short thighs, you can get all wings, you can get all breasts. I remember going to grocery, I'm like, you could, I'm like, no, I wasn't in the grocery. I mean, I didn't buy anything in college. I'm probably in the, in in the NFL. Right. When I was out on my own and I'm in the grocery store and I'm looking, I'm like, you mean to tell me you can get like all drumsticks, you can get all, I I never, I never knew that.


Yeah. That's, that's, Yeah. But, but I, I, I donate some. I tell you this, this is what I tell people. I ate a lot of things when I was growing up to let me know what I didn't want to eat as an adult. Mm. I like that. California will ban the sale of Skittles in 2027. They'll ban food for products that contain red dye three. Red dye three is fine in skittles. Peas, hot tamales and double bubble. Double bubble bubble gum. Oh, you remember double bubble? I do. Oh, double bubble used to be the thing. What? So what's, what's your favorite candy? What My favorite candy?


Yeah. Growing up. Listen to me. Y'all had the candy lady house. Where you from? I was in the country, but no, I know what you're talking about. Yeah. Hey, go Ahead man. We had the ca where you had the candy lady house. Man, I used to get a dollar, get a dollar from my grandma. I get a dollar. Go to the candy lady house, get some, get some baked beans. You know about baked beans. I know about baked beans. Yeah. Lemonhead. You know about lemonhead. I know about lemonhead. Listen, I get a, I get a pickle egg. You probably don't know what pickle is. Yeah. Double Egg. Yeah. But Okay. Yeah. Put in, Put 'em in. Yeah. In, in a hot, in a hot sausage with the fruit club. With the tropical, with the jungle juice. Jungle juice. But Lemonhead, lemonhead and jawbreakers and baked beans. That's my go-to with the little pixie sticks. Remember the little pixie sticks off the ice cream truck? Man, stop playing boy. Yeah.


Stop playing that boy. You brought back memories. I, I, I do. My, actually, my favorite candy bar is not, I don't, you can't find 'em very often. It's called a zero bar. Huh? It's got, it's blue and silver. Blue and silver wrapper. Zero bar was my favorite candy bar. I ain't never heard of that. I know. Not from the country. You gotta no nice like that. But I mean, they gonna have people, you know what, now you know how bad it's getting to California. They gonna have people smuggling skittles and hot tamales. Yeah. Like in marijuana. Yeah. Or some, just some illegal drug. Hey, I have, I have a que I have a question. If it's so bad, the red dye and whatever, whatever ingredients are in it that, that are, that are harmful and for us to consume, why are they waiting to band it until 2027?


So they want everybody, it is okay for everybody to, to, to keep on munching on the ski. I know Marshawn Lynch gonna be mad fucking with his Skittles. Exactly. But here's the thing. We know what's in tobacco products, the nicotine and they banned them yet. Yeah. I remember when, when I, when I was a kid, I remember when cigarettes were 50 cent a pack. And then you know what everybody saying if they go to a dollar, I'm gonna stop tomorrow. Cigarettes damn near seven a pack. And they still smoking. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, listen, there, there's an angle. I got my Mama to stop cold Turkey. Bet my mom what? Smoke cigarette. I bet my mom 25,000. She couldn't stop smoking. She say, she say you gonna gimme 25,000. She said, baby, I just bought two packs.


I just bought two cartons yesterday. Let me finish these and I'm gonna get that money. My mama stop cold Turkey. For real. My mom been smoking since she was 13. My aunt, my grandma sister, my aunt anime used to give my, used to give my my mama cigarettes. My right. My mom and my uncle Ell cigarette. Okay. Don't y'all tell y'all mama? 'cause you know granny was gonna raise. You know what? Right, right, Right. Raise as Hell. Yeah. But my mama stopped cold Turkey. That's dope. That's dope. At 25 grand. My momma said I wanted cash too, baby. So she, She won, she won. My grandma, my mom, my mom was born in 43. She been smoking since, so she started smoking in 56.


And in 2001 my mama quit just like that. Quit Just, ah, that's dope. That's dope. That's My mom quit just like that. So what, what food that if they banned you be like, man, they done, man, y'all messing up. Like, like for real like a food. Yeah. Yeah. Boy, cheeseburgers boy. Yeah. You, you, you, you banning cheeseburgers. But we, you gonna have to see by me. Cheeseburger. What's your favorite cheeseburger From McDonald's? Number one extra cheese with no onions, coke with no ice. Or depending on how I'm feeling. If you know, if I'm on a date, like if I'm, if I'm, if I'm, if I'm an old lady, then I get to number seven. 'cause I get to number seven. They give you two cheeseburgers.


So boom, she get one. I get one. Then you know you got your fries, you get another coke, and you get two straws. So you ain't gotta buy extra soda. Yeah. I'm, I I mean, if I were to get something from McDonald's, I'm more of a McNugget guy. I remember when I was in college. Okay. I had a, I had a, she was the captain of the Cheerlead squad and Sherry and I was really cool and I would go there. She was the manager, Assistant manager. Okay. Wait, what kind of, what kind of, what kind of cool? No, no. What kind of cool? Nah, nah, no. I was, I dated a home girl. I dated a home girl. I dated a home girl. Okay, well you I don't mean nothing. That don't nothing. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no friends and sisters living for, okay. Okay. I'm checking. No, no, no, no. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. I'm just checking. I ain't different than dapping and that ain't happening.


So with that being said, so I would go get, I would eat two Big Macs, a 20 piece nugget, supersized fry, and a large drink and two apple pies. I could eat that every Friday. What? Yeah. Wait, how big? What? How what you about what? 300 back then? No. Hell no. Probably like two. This was my junior and senior so lot. 2 20, 2 25. Yeah. Yeah. But I had, I Can eat was the same weight. That's Crazy. Yeah. I, I could eat back then. Yeah. Okay. But see, but you, if I go to Burger, if I go to like, if I go to like South Beverly Grill, if you out here in LA you'll know what I'm talking about. So Beverly Grill or Hailstones, somewhere like that.


I'll just get a burger plain with just ketchup, medium and fries. That's it. I don't want no cheese. Wait no cheese. I don't get no cheese on it. No. Nope. Just burger plain, medium fried and ginger ale. Ginger ale? Yeah. Not what I be drinking. Ginger a is a remedy for when we, when Ginger is you stomach? When we sick. You not supposed eat, eat that with no. Yeah. What you doing, boy? Go get so Ginger. Yeah. You, You can't, you can. Oh man. Drink my grandma Ginger. What y'all drink? All my ginger? What I going have to drink with my stuff stomach. You talking about Ginger? I dunno. But real.


But no, I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm very simple when it comes to my palate. I don't like to get, I don't like spicy. I don't eat all that stuff. My palette is very, very simple. George got some good food. It's Magic City. Hey listen, Tussy Them wing them, them chicken, them chicken tenders at Magic City. I ain't, Ain't I I don go Atlanta often. And that fried catfish, huh? Right. I don't go to Atlanta office. So I don't know anything about their chicken wing. But I know one thing over. Next time you, next time you go, we going to a magic. I know you watch it. I know Magic. Magic said his name of Ma Ma. I'm gonna bring Ocho in there, set it out for her man. You know I get them. Hey, I get them a ain't nothing like them chicken tenders and that fried catfish with a side of booty juice.


What Side of who? Booty juice. You know they girl be dancing? They gotta dance. Oh, Oh, oh, oh, okay, okay, Okay. Bas will make them dance. Band will Make them dance. I thought, I thought booty juice was like a drink or something. I thought it was a drink. The way they be sweating up in there, you be drinking ojo. You be drinking. Listen, I don't know if you've been to t or not, but I obviously upstairs. Listen. No, I ain't been to Tussy. Man, listen, the food at Tussie is phenomenal. I always go to TI always go to Tussie. The seafood Rice and lobster tail. Nah, I can't eat no Seafood. Seafood, rice and lobster tail. I'm Allergic to shellfish With Kaari. Oh shit, for Real. I was just joking. Now I doubt. Now look when I'm eating, ain't nobody dancing over the food.


Nah, I I was just joking because man, they gonna be like, man, man sharp man. Unc got the dog over the food. He got girls dropping, got booty over the food and everything. Because you know how y'all, I know how y'all are. Yeah man, that, But I do be eating. I do be eating. I do be eating. Man. That be hot. I heard, Heard, I heard about them wings. What? What's the player? What's the player that got in trouble for getting the wings? Oh, oh, oh. Lemon Pepper Lou. Yeah. Li Lemon Pepper Lou. Yeah. That's when I, that's when I heard about the Wings Thing banging. I got, I got, I gotta check that out in, in Magic City. Magic City? Yeah. Atlanta right down the street. Man, I don't, I ain't right down the street. I've been, I've been in Atlanta maybe four times and two of those were the play the goddamn damn Falcons.


Yeah. But see, but you see that you need some time. But you know Magic City, they got Blue Flame, they got Strokers. They used to have Body Tap. They used to have what's the other one? What's the other one out there on Beaufort Highway? Ooh, there's another one on Beaufort Highway. I can't think of it. I should have, but boy, back in my younger days, back in my younger days, Ocho I mean it sound like, you know what you talking about? Sound like you was just there last week? No, I wasn't there last week. But you know you got your, you got Pink Pony them off The Gold Club used to be at. Yeah, yeah I did. Shooters Alley. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. You, you should make it rounds. Huh?


Ocho I don't know if you saw this video. Did you see this guy made a raccoon soup and he made it with all the ingredients that I told you, Leo, pepper, onions. Yeah. Little celery. I saw. I I saw it on Twitter. So I want you to, I want you to do me a favor. You want try it with me? Absolutely not. No, No, no, no. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Time out. Turn out. I gotta get a time out. I gotta get a full timer. Ocho you'll suck toes, but you won't eat no coon. Whoa. State. Let me, let's, let's rewind that. Let me rewind this again and let me press play. You mean to tell me you'll eat some raccoon soup, but you ain't gonna suck no toes? Mm, No, no, no sir. Ro Raccoons eat out the garbage raccoons.


Eat everything. Come to me. But you won't suck on no toes. That's clean. Just had a a, a pedicure. I tell you what chicken. You tripping. A chicken and a hog is nastier than a raccoon. Look it up. Yeah, I I know about that. I know, But You, I know about that. But listen, they all nasty. They all nasty. They all nasty Ain. I ain't even no to ain't. You ain't gotta eat it unless all you, all You doing is I ain't suck. Taking All you, taking some, taking some ice crush ice. You Can get what you got sprained toe or so back? I give her some crushed ice for a sprained toe. No, no, no, No, no, no, no, no, no. You start with that pink toe. You play it like the flute. Like you Andre 3000. No. Yeah. I I was never in the band. And if I were in the band, I wasn't gonna play the flute. I was gonna play the trumpet or the trombone.


So no. Hey Ocho, you got Look, I'm talking about Ocho, UNC and ocho. Yes sir. Exotic, exotic eating. We going all over the, we going all over the country. All over The world. All over the world. Eating Armillo, possum, ratfish, Turtle. Gotta listen. We gotta show we that's that sound like some goddamn fit factor shit. Now that for that. Now I, I do that because one, one thing I try, I try anything once. Yeah, anything. Try now I'm talking about food. I'm talking about food. I ain't, yeah. Talking about about call you, I about call you, you on your own. Yeah. Lemme clarify. I Try anything because you're even talking about you a tricycle talking about you'll try anything. Oh no, nah, Nah, nah. Only thing try I know is tricycle.


And I ain't, I ain't wrote one of 'em since 1919 since 1983. But I but that thing look good though. You gotta admit it look good. The way he had that thing had some corn bread. It Looked good. But would've been better. Is, is if, if we were to have a show like that, we would travel the world and try exotic foods or exotic delicacies, whatever it might be. You can't tell me what it is. 'cause if you tell me what it is, then mentally I ain't gonna be there. If you don't tell me. If don't tell me's don't tell me it's Racoon soup. Just gimme the soup and let me try it. And then I'll be okay. See, see I already got you psyched out. See, I, I get my, I want some pigger sandwich with old pigger sandwich. I grilled bread and mustard.


I want pigger sandwich. I want some greens with pigtails in them. Okay, now I I eat pigtails. I eat pigtails. I eat pig feet. Not pig ear and pigtail. No. Another tail you eat too, but anyway. Huh? I ain't say nothing. Wait, You don't wait. You don't, you don't eat. You don't eat at jail. I, we, we got a lot of music questions. Ocho I love the show. I want to ask, what's your favorite hot cereal? Oatmeal, cream of wheat. Farina. Never heard of that. Grits with sugar. See, you done messed it up. Andrea, you, you effed it up because you talking about putting sugar on grits and if you're, you don't put sugar on grits. You put butter and black pepper on grits. You put cheese on grits.


You, you done messed around and effed up a good ass meal. Talking about putting some sugar on some grits. And. we, I don't know where, but I like look. It all depends. I mean, I ate oatmeal every day for 27 years. From 1993 until 2020 when the pandemic hit. I had eaten oatmeal every single day for 27 years. And then when the pandemic hit, I eat it periodically when I'm at the hotel, I'll order grits. I mean, excuse me, I'll order oatmeal. But I grew up eating both. Obviously being from the south, you eat oatmeal. I mean, we used to eat big, big, it wasn't no like this little thing we made, my grandmother made big, big heaping pots because it was a lot of us.


My aunts ate it also. And, we put butter and sugar on oatmeal. Man, I couldn't imagine my grandmother watching somebody put some, some sugar on grits that she made. What, what was her name on Mary Mary Porter? The one who just put that, not Andrea. George. Andrea. You must be from California girl. 'cause I, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry. I done thrown some Yeah. You from, you from the door. You I done throw some sugar some Hell no. I put the butter, I put the butter, the cheese every throw spin a little. Hey, I spin a little sugar in that joint.


Look, we put honey on hamburgers out here, man. Oh lord. Y'all see? Yeah. I, but see, and y'all, every time you go somewhere, would you like some avocado toast? Hell no. Did I ask for avocado toast? I do exactly what I want. May I help you? I, Hey, let me get X, Y, and Z. Would you like some avocado toast with that? I don't remember mentioning the avocado toast. You thought I forgot that? Yeah. You thought I came and forgot what I actually wanna order as I'm standing to the window. So you wanna remind me about some bull avocado toast? Yeah. She, no, I do not want any avocado toast. She gotta be from Cali. 'cause only, only Cali people put sugar on everything. Got sugar spaghetti.


Put sugar on anything up.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show now. You're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast Every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Joey Chestnut will not be allowed to compete in the 2024 Nathan's hotdog eating contest. But the Kru Kochi is still going to head to head Jaws chestnut. Kochi unfinished beef. We air live on Netflix on Labor Day. Joey Chestnut Kuru Kochi. Yeah. Met last met in the hotdog eating contest in 2009. This announcement come one day after Major league eating Barr Chestnut from competing and this year's Nathan eating cots. Mm. Due to his new partnership with a plant-based meat brand. Chestnut said he can't wait to go another round with Kochi Kochi the toughest opponent in competitive eating.


Okay, okay. Okay. I think his record is like 70, 71 dogs. That's it. 72 dogs. 70. What you mean? That's it. Wait, hold on. 72. 72 glizzies. And how long and in what time span? 12 Minutes. Oh. Hot dogs and buns man. What you man, listen, I've been eating, listen, I've eating buns man. Since 87. Man, that ain't nothing. You Bro, you ain't gonna eat a Yeah, I bet you do be eating buns. Yeah, we know you eat Buns. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And they ain't got no ketchup, a mustard on them. Nah, it, Well it depends if I put it there. Not, don't do that. A hey 12 minute span. So think about this. Let's say they added a trifecta And, we made it a trifecta and they added me to the contest 12 minute span.


If you can't, You can't, you can't. If you can't beat beat Up two hot dogs in 12 minutes, how many do you think I get through Five or six? Oh, come on man. You don't, you don't know me man. You don't know me man. I'm out the city man. I'm, I'm from Dade County, man. You think, you think I'm only five or six hot dogs in a 12 minute span. Boy, something wrong with you man. Don't do me like that. Don't do me like that. Huh? Oh, don't, no ocho don't do Me, don't do me like that. Hey, it's one, it is one thing. It's one. It is one thing. Some buns. I know. Hey, with that, Hey, with that little water, Some, nah, the buns, you be there. You don't put no water on them. Oh. It, it depend now it, it depend on where you at.


She come straight. She come up straight up off the exercise bike. You back there. Oh, that's fine. That's fine. There's, there's a reason why they used to call me seat in high school. I know they call you seat. Yeah, they He used to call me C Yeah. Yeah. They, I, Hey, hey. He ain't tell you about the other job he had. Which one? He used to, he used to lick stamps at the post office. Oh Yeah. I mean, listen, That's good money there. It's good practice. Yeah. Yeah. Got you. Got you, got you. You people need to understand. Practice makes perfect. So you, you, you starting in all type of other places. They talking about, Hey, me and you Ocho. Man, look here. I ain't did a hotdog man in and in 20 years.


20, 22, 20. But listen, every, oh Hell not longer that 19 99, 25 years. Well every me and you, every, every sporting event I go to, if you ever notice, I always post. I always get two. I get two glizzies every time. Ocho me, me and you have a hot dog eating contest. The first of three dogs win For three. What? I'm gonna just stuff the first three in my mouth right away. I don't know Ocho, I think I might get you. Yeah, man, you two man, you, you a pretty boy, man. You don't, you don't eat like that man. Like, I'm like, like I'm, I'm a, I'm a savage real, like I'm with whatever. But You can't. Ow, man, I ain't even hot on so long, man. I might, man, I might, I might, I might Gurgitate. Yeah, don't, yeah, don't do that.


You not even built like that. You ain't even built like that. I ain't even, I don't get 25 years. I'm built from a different cloth. Man. You don't want, don't you? Can we get, what about we do hamburgers? No. Who? Hamburgers. Nah, hot dogs man. All man. I'm a gizzy. Gobbler gizzy, goler ocho. Man. You talk about, man, Lemme ask you a question, Ocho, what is the worst Halloween candy ever created? The worst. Oh. Black licorice. That's easy. Nah, I got something worse than black licorice. No, no. Ain't nothing. Listen, there's nothing on God's green Earth. That's worse than black licorice candy, Corn.


That, that wax, that ain't nothing. You Don't like, you don't like candy. Corn, If I get a glass and, and, and, and milk 15, like a hundred candy corns. That ain't nothing but a candle. You don't get milk wick. That ain't nothing but a candle. You don't like candy, corn? I don't like candy corn. Three Musketeer or Milky Wick. You know what, you tripping. Nope. You Tripping. Candy corn. Listen, this, this is my time of year. I'm not, I'm not a big holiday person, but Halloween candy corn, that's all I care about. Old people, Old people in the south let you old black people in the south ain't let you celebrate like that. That's the devil's holiday. You wouldn't putting to dress up on all kind of highway that day.


I don't know where you, where y'all do that at? Wait, you don't dress up Halloween As I got. As I got older. Right. Man. Do you under ocho ocho I remember when it would start thundering and lightning. Right. We had to sit down. We couldn't talk. We had to turn off all the tea. Everything. We had to turn it off. We had unplug everything. We had to put a sheet over the mirrors because the old people believed the spirits would come out of the mirrors. So we had to cover them so they couldn't come out. And you had to sit there, you had to take the phone off the hook. My grandma didn't play that. My grandma would light your ass up. You do all that talking. And Kiki ki my grandma Gran Mary Porter ain't play that.


No sir. She said to God, she say God working. Yeah. Get down and let him work. Be quiet. Right. Oh, that what he doing? No, now, hey. Amen. We had to do all that. Everything that was, that was plugged into the wall had to be unplugged. The moment it started Thunder and lightning. I ain't, you Had to sit down and be quiet. You had to cover the mirrors and you took the phone off the hook. You were not gonna be talking on that phone when it's thunder and lightning. Not Mary Porter's house. Well that's, ooh, that's tough. Every boy, that's tough. Yeah, that's tough. We gonna put up a poll. Ocho we gonna say, which is worse? Candy, corn, black Licorice.


And I guarantee you everybody gonna say black licorice, candy, Corn. Oh, so candy, corn ain't never wax Candy. Corn is good, man. Candy corn ain't good. You tripping. It ain't good. Trust me. You tripping. Nope. Black liquorice you, you, you know a black licorice tastes like Yeah, I don't have licorice. I, I mean I'm not the, I'm more of a Twizzler than a licorice. The true sense of the, the string. You ta I'm assuming you're talking about the string licorice? Yes. That like, yes, No. Nah, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not big into that either. But this weekend, oh, black licorice is winning by landslide. I don't know where y'all from, From, thank you.


I told you, boy, that black licorice, boy, I don't, I don't even know. I don't even know how to justify or explain what it tastes like. That's how bad it is. I can't even think of a word. We got a new segment that we're about to debut. It's called Rough Draft. Yeah. Check out this animation. Hey. And look at the hole. Look. So what we gonna do Ocho Soul Foods? Yeah. I get to pick first. And so we gonna name So you get So it's 10.


I get five. You get five now. Oh. I'm Finn I'm this, I'm gonna kill this Segment. Once I named that Soul food. I can't, can't repeat yours. You repeat? You said they left. I can't repeat it. So are, are we starting it today, Ashley? Are we gonna do it later? Nah, let's, nah, I'm hungry. I'm hungry Now. I'm, I'm going number one. Come on with the first overall draft. Pick Soul Foods. I'm going oxtails. Ah, Okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, you know what, I'm gonna raise you one on your oxtails and gimme some fried chicken. Ocho got fried chicken. Ocho got fried chicken fried.


Oh. I'm finna kill you head wise chicken. I'm finna kill you right here. Chicken, Chicken, chicken. Alright. With my second overall draft pick. I'm going to go collar it greens. Oh man. You done messed up my, my size man. Yeah, baby y. Y'all like that D hey, Hey. But, but I ain't tripping 'cause my grandma used to make these. She was the best at it. Probably the best to ever make Candy. Okay. Okay. I want candy. So I'm, I got my, I got my, I got, hey, I got my fried chicken candy and I got my candy in. Okay, okay. Okay.


Yeah. My bird overall draft pick mac and cheese. You know, man, what doing man? Yeah. Oh, I got, I Ain't tripping. What you got? What got, what you got with? I know, I know one thing. I know one thing ain't nobody could do. Like my mama, they can't make that sweet that that sweet water cornbread. Like They can't make that sweet water cornbread like my mama though. Yeah. Stop playing Cornbread. Okay, okay. Okay. With my fourth overall draft pick. Yeah. Take, take your time now.


Take your time Man. You know, I really love these O Joe. What, what's, what's, man, I love Nick. What that Love Mr. Nick? Hey, Hey. I'm what I'ma do, I'ma do you one better. You ain't got nothing to do with no neck bones. But that goddamn catfish Or that fried catfish. You want a fried, That goddamn catfish ain't know they got, they got some big ones in Ohio River. I done caught one by 600 Pound. Okay. Okay. Fried catfish. Fried catfish. Yeah. Okay. I got oxtails, I got collard greens. I got mac and cheese. I got neck bones. So now you know what? I gotta get ocho I gotta get these.


What's that? I gotta get them Hawaiians sweet rolls them Hawaiian sweet rolls. Oh, that's, Well what you know about them? Hawaiian rolls come in the orange pla in the, in the orange plastic. Lord. Man, I had, you know, I, I had to stand up. I had to stand up on that. I had to stand up on the rolls. I had to stand up on the rolls. All right. So you done, you done messed me up. You, you got my collard greens. You already got my mac and cheese. So that would've really, that, that would've finalized my dish. But I, I was able to squeeze my catfish.


They got me candy yams in there. I got my fried chicken. You know what? I'm a rock. I'm gonna rock with hush hush Puppies. Oh yeah. I'm gonna rock, I'm gonna rock with my hush puppies. Okay. I'm, I'm gonna rock with my hush puppies. Hush Pu you Know, I got one question and I, I don't, it, it depends on your family, especially your black family. Do we consider devil eggs a part of under the soul food umbrella? I'm, I'm just kidding. No, I didn't, I never had no devil eggs growing up. No, not, not growing up. No, no, no, no. Not growing up. Now I tell you what we did have, we had like smother pork chop, smothered chicken, you know, stuff had stuff that, but I, I never had double eggs growing up on, on the table.


So for my honorable mention, I'm gonna do smother fried pork chops. I'm trying to think. Let me see. I'm trying to think. Let see you. But did, did cornbread, macaroni and cheese is gone. Soul food, soul food. Soul food.


Nah, that's, that don't make no sense. What red bean red? No red. No red beans. Well, I already said black said black Eye. Say blackey pea. You wanna put black eye peas? Oh man, come on. I'm tripping. Let get my black eye pea. See, I thought you, I thought you go over dressing. Yeah. Oh. I hate dressing. Especially Thanksgiving. I do You like dressing? Oh, I gotta take my glasses off. Man. You Best with dressing. You Chad, Chad. Y'all might think something wrong with me. Y'all might think something wrong with me. But when it comes to Thanksgiving or, or just under the soul food umbrella, I cannot stand dressing. Like I, I have a, a disdain for dressing. I don't, I don't Know why. Okay. I, okay, we got one.


We gotta get one dessert in there. Ocho. My dessert. Oh. Oh. You, you already know it. I won't go ahead. I'm gonna let you go first though. Dessert. Damn. Yeah, I'm real. I'm real simple with mine. And see if, if you've been following me for years, you already know what it is. It's either one. I'm gonna go, you know what, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, if one of it us, what do I eat more of?


I'm gonna do peach. I'm gonna do peach cobbler. Ooh, Peach cobbler. Hey, that's a good one. That's A good, what you going with? That's a good one. But I'm going with that yellow cake. I'm talking about that. I'm talking about if you could make it fresh. Okay. I'm all for it. Yellow cake. I Like chocolate yellow cake. You want chocolate yellow cake? Yeah. I want the yellow cake with the chocolate icing. Now you can gimme better crocker. Yeah. From Publix or Vaughns or Ralph's. You know, whatever you or if you know how to do it from scratch, I'll take, I'll take it that way too. Yellow cake with a chocolate icing.


I was, I was, Boy listen, I well I, hey I do something strange for That work. I was, I was between peach cobbler and, and, and banana pudding with them Cheeseman crackers. The big cracker. I like, I like the vanilla wafers. Yeah. But those the big cheeseman crackers. Sometimes people deal with bisco. Yeah. But yeah, I like my oxtail, collard greens, mac and cheese. Neck, bone, Hawaiian sweet rolls ment mentioned with smother fried pork chops. Dessert with peach cobbler. Yeah. Ocho took fried chicken candy, yams, cornbread, fried catfish. Hz puppies, his honor mentioned dish with black eyed peas. His dessert was chocolate yellow cake. Woo. Listen that got, damn that yellow cake with that chocolate ice.


Man. Boy, they don't owe me nothing. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Nope. Oh, that My grandma used to make them. So see my grandma, I don't know if you ever heard of this. You ever heard of a doobie? Nah, Doobie. It's like, it's like, it's like biscuits, like biscuit. Dope. But you and my grandma used to have put like blueberries on it. So I know if you from the south. Yeah. And you my age. I know Dale will you the heard of a doobie. But man, Lord, my grandma used to make that doobie. Ooh boy. That back in the day. Oh, okay. We got a nice little meal though. We got a nice little meal. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. You, you kind, you kind of, you kind of messed up my a little bit.


'cause my dish dishes is always the same. I really needed them yams. I really, I needed them yams and collard Greens. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. But I had, I had to get them, I had to get them collard greens. I had to get them collar greens. But see you didn't really have a choice because you had to get, because if you the with collard greens, I'm gonna go fried chicken. Right, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. So you had, you got that fried chicken, you got a nice little meal. But that ain't what I got right there. Yeah. Yeah. Go to my girl a country kitchen. Do all that right there. Ocho you tweeted. Y'all ain't played three second rule growing up. Y'all grew up like La Royal family don't eat off the ground.


Do you abide by the three second rule? Yeah, when I was a kid. Yeah kid, I ain't kid, kid now. Period. It don't matter. Three second rule. Matter of fact, I mean y'all probably didn't do it with Chad. Y'all Chad, I know y'all stay with me real quick. In high school, in high school, you know sometimes you have a honey bunny has some in your hand and your homeboy slap it out your hand real quick. Yeah, yeah. And hit the ground. You got, you got five seconds, you got fast and you, you gotta pick it up real quick and you still eat it. Same thing she done, she got, she got the cookies wide open. Wide open and gonna lift 'em up knowing it's not closed and gonna blame me and talking about, oh, I'm finna throw it away. Throw what away man, you got five seconds to eat that.


What you talking about? No, like, nah, I'm throwing up man. I'm bougie. And you got people that people in the chat. I hope, I hope y'all not gonna act bougie and act like y'all grew up with the royal family or with a, a silver spoon in your mouth. Please tell me y'all played five second rule in high school when you was growing up. Yeah. Yeah we did. But if you something fell out your hand, we stepped on it. Oh man, we ain't know you ho. Oh yeah. Oh y'all. Oh no. Ain't they ain't do that My bad man, my bad. I ain't know you gonna eat that my bad man. My bad. That's Messed up. That's messed up. Y'all step on it. Yeah. Yeah. I'd be hurt be. It is one thing to slap it out my hand. You know I'm hungry now. Don't step on, don't step on myself.


It don't be, it don't be the person that slapped out your hand. It be somebody else. It be somebody else man. You know we be on man. And my camera done fail. You got it upside down now. Oh Lord have mercy, Ash mercy Uncle. No joke. You'll sin us to death. But you get one meal of your choosing before death. What you eating? I ain't eating nothing. Y'all gonna kill me anyway. What the hell? I want something for eat for Number one.


Extra che, no onions, coke with no ice. Lightly salted fries, lightly salted fries, fresh. Shoot. Matter of fact throwing a goddamn apple pie for me too. Shoot. I'm finna go anyway. You know what? Don't yo. Yeah. You know what I'm gonna do? Yes sir. I'm gonna order shellfish. I'm allergic to shellfish. You let, I'm gonna beat to the, I'm gonna beat him to the punch. I'm gonna kill my damn self die now what I'm gonna do. Gotcha. Hey that's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good, now you know what Ocho I want ribs, fries, burger.


Yeah. No You, how you gonna eat all that now? You can't go, you can't go die on it. You can't die on the Ooh, I know what I want Oxtails. I want some oxtails crazy. I want some rice. Yeah. Yeah. White. White rice. White rice. Right. Yeah. Oxtail over some rice. I want some smother pork chops. Smother fried chicken. That's too, and that's Too much, man. You can't eat all that And Ginger ale. Yeah, ginger Ale. Yep. That's my dream. Ah. And I want a shot. I want two shots of La Poitier.


I like it. I like it. I like it. I'm, wait, I'm waiting on my, I'm waiting on my La Poitier And like, and like the Joker said in the Batman. Go, go go with a smile. So that's me. That's what I want. Ocho check this out. There's a Pizza rat on the loose Ocho watch this video. And what would you check this video out? Pizza Rat. Look there. He Eating the toppings on the delivery.


Man is eating the toppings. Oh man. Buddy tripping boy. See How they, how they caught him. Like how they caught him There. There's cameras on the elevator. I know, but I'm, I'm just saying, Hey man buddy man buddy tripping man. I stop playing with me man. You eating the toppings off a pizza. Matter of fact, depending on if I, I eat Pizza Hut. When I order Pizza Hut, I get sausage as my topic. That's easy to that's easy to pick off Now. Yeah. It's easy to pick off. And I also gonna know if you've been picking off my goddamn sausage too. 'cause when I open my pizza and you know it's the, the, the way the layout is of a pizza and you got sausages missing, I'd be able to notice that.


Man, buddy. Man, run me my money back, please. Nah, nah. Run ass whooping. Nah. Run this ass whipping. Nah, I ain't, I ain't Finn, I ain't, I ain't. Oh Man, you know, oh, first of all, I ain't Finn put put hands on me Ojo. You already know you hungry because you ordered it and you've been waiting 30 minutes anyway. Right, right. You like, oh, okay, wait to get this pizza. Ooh, ooh. It's kinda like when you get the order, you home, you ready to get home and eat and give. That's what happened. Somebody that man, they done mess your order up. So now you mad. Now you don't wait all this time. Time. Yeah. And this mofo got, he pick, he done put his nasty ass hand, hands. First of all, why you open the box? Hey, you, you know what I would like, I know his camera's on the elevator.


I'm trying to get down to how did they actually catch him and let the people know that he was taking the goddamn food off the people pizza? I'm trying, I I I mean, look, the camera probably did that there. I don't know if they let the people know. Oh, they, yeah, you right. Golly, man, You gonna, you gonna let, you gonna let you gonna let your customer know that you got a nasty mofo in there? No. Listen. If the, if the goddamn people who, they, who either live at that piece to see that video and realize, well wait a minute. Now I ordered a piece of that happened to look like the same person that I tip when they brought my pizza in. Oh, I, I just don't, I I just don't look The first thing they doing and they going straight to court.


My biggest problem, and I've had to learn and I'm getting better at this, is that I expect people to behave like I would behave. Mm. And that's, and and, and, and, and my therapist told me, said, Shannon, that's your biggest problem, right? Is that you expect people to act in a manner in which you would act. I wouldn't eat nobody's pizza. I wouldn't put, you know, you see people spitting in people's stuff and putting their hand in people's stuff, doing all because you wouldn't do that. So why, why, why take a job? Why take a job and do and do people's stuff like that? Why would you do people like that? That's what I don't get. Oh man. That's what irks me.


Yeah. I I I just don't that, that, that, that, that bothers me Ocho It really does. And you know what that got me thinking about in high school too? Remember I told you how if you got some food in your homeboy, walk by he'll slap it out your hand real quick. Yeah. Hold on. What about the other window when you got food in your hand and you got a plate of or something, they'd be like, you gonna eat that? And literally, oh yeah, But see here's the thing. The ocho we already know we playing. Hey, You remember that? You remember that? Yes. Yeah. You eat that and they literally touch it though. All dog. That used to be so, so funny. Ocho lemme tell you what we used to do, even in camp, we grown, we grown as men. I used to go by and take all the pepper and loosen up when they pull the all the Fall, I get it.


They already know. Hey, you better, you better check that. You better check that pepper. Yeah, that pepper shaker. Okay man, ain't nobody man, sharp. That's all you, bro. How y'all know? Sharp did it. I mean, everything that went wrong, it was sharp. That man, ain't nobody do that, but yeah, come on bro. You, you the culprit. You the culprit. Yeah. I mean, how you think that make me feel Ocho man, but I just, like I said, man, people, people Ocho people be doing too much. Yeah. They really do. Now, if somebody beat the brakes off you Yeah. Then For messing with their fool. Because every a every, everybody don't play. That's what I tell people. Everybody don't play like you play.


Oh, Especially food. Food and money. Food and money in people Food and money in people. Kids Don't do that. Nope. Nope. Don't do that. Not, Nope. Nope. Delete that. And man, that ain't never a little bit of money, but it's mine. It's mine. And I don't care if it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing but a Quar. Four quarters Got whole dollar. It belong to me. Yeah, that's all mine.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brand and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Networks, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal view of the show. Now you're on it. How's it feel? I am A loyal viewer, one Of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Stephanie Warfield said Gille and Shannon. I think it's commendable that you support each other's podcast. Gille, do you plan to invite Shannon on one of your No Chill Gille episodes? Maybe you can make room make grill raccoon. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Relax. Huh? No chill. Oh no. Chill on the grill. Oh. Oh. So you gonna, you wanna start a new podcast? Oh, no. Chill on the grill episode. Hey, I listen, I thought you was talking about no chill. I was like, your brand, your brand can't go. Your brand can't go. Right. Hey, on the grill up. Hey, I might be him and I started googling squirrel alligator snake.


And guess what? They got recipes for 'em. They be selling that For real, huh? Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm sitting here like, I, I'm like, I tripping. No, I seen dudes. They cooking camel. So I'm, yeah, I'm gonna grill that up. I'm, I gotta taste it. I gotta see what it is. You gotta know what you're doing. You, you don't know what you're doing, Gil. No, because first of all, you, first of all, squirrel, you either, you either smother fry it with, or, or you, you fry it. So you have gravy and rice or you fry it raccoon, you bake it alligator, you fry it. So you put, you put, you put raccoon in aluminum fall, put bell pepper, you put onions, you put stuff like that in it.


You cut him up and you put him in, you know, put him in a pan. Aluminum foil. You put it in the oven and you leave him in there for, but you know, you know how we do it. Put him on street, hunter. Let him cook. Nah, I was just gonna put him on a grill. Fire him up. No, cut him up. Hell no. Make it look like chicken. Call it chicken. Well, they ain't gonna know it. It's too, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's red. They gonna know it's not chicken. It's too red to be chicken. Red chicken, huh? That's true. But you know, you get some celery, some bell pepper, some onions. You cut that joke up. Put it on Shri three 50, CIN 'em in that oven, man. But I, I'm gonna get me a box.


I'm gonna get a box of wild. It is, it was like wild boar. It was, it seen some quail in there. Oh yeah. I love quail. Actually, I go to a, a distance restaurant at the Golden Nugget that every time I go, that's the only thing I get. And they know I, Hey, Mr. Sharp, would you like the quail tonight? Yeah, let me get two of them. It's already cooked or you just buying it? No, no, no, no. They cook it. They cook it. I get the barbecue barbecue quail. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh, it's, it's, yeah, you, I mean, like I said, you can't, Gil, you don't know what you're doing. You need to have somebody prepared for you first. I don't know. You gonna find somebody, you probably need to go, you ain't got no relative down south, like in Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Arkansas, somebody that know how to cook it.


Pig, you know, like Florida. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I mean, you can go to Papa's and get Gator. Who? Papa's, they ain't got no Papa Thoses out here. Where's that at? No, it's, it's in the south. That's in the south. So they got 'em in Texas, Georgia. They got one in Colorado. But they, they, they, they, they, they like alligator. Okay. But you gotta know what you're doing. You need somebody, you need somebody to cook it for you so you can taste it because you gonna f it up. I, I mess chicken. Oh yes. I burnt the steak. Oh Lord. Burnt the steak. You know, first day on the grill, it's turned it in a charcoal. Oh, so you don't know.


So you don't know how to grill? No, no. Oh Lord, that mercy. Hey, I can grill as good as I can play basketball. I mean football. Huh? Upgrade King Uncle Ocho in LA in Los Angeles. What's your favorite cuisine? Man? I'm simple. Gimme American. Gimme a burger. Gimme a burger. Medium meat and bun. No cheese, no lettuce, no tomato, no nothing. Just meat and bun. Cooked medium. Just ketchup. Wait, did they say our fa favorite cuisine? Yeah. American. Yeah, American for me. Oh shit. I mean soul food. And it, no matter where I go, no matter where I travel to my soul, food list or choice of food never changes.


Macaroni and cheese, candy, yams, greens, bake the fried chicken. Always. Same thing. Cornbread. If you got sweet water, cornbread, or if any place has yellow cake with chocolate icing. Oh my God. Hey, I, I used to be a yellow cake guy. Oh my God. Now I do love some, I do love some, some blueberry cornbread. Yeah, blueberry. But It needs to be cooked in the iron skillet. Right. You gotta cook. See cornbread in the iron skillet. Right. Hey, that, that, that, that, that dish right there. My, my, my obviously my favorite Cuban dish. Chico White Rice, rice and beans. Sweet Plain Cafe gonna let you on the side with a, I don't, I don't feel, I don't food with beans.


No. Why it, it, it turn your stomach a little bit. You gonna be on that toilet. Huh? You could drink, can you drink milk? Oh, hell no. You can't drink no milk? Hell no. What's gonna happen? I ain't gonna man look here. Like if I eat, like if I eat pork. Yeah. I, like, before I eat pork, I'll take, I'll take like, I'll take like Tylenol. I'll take something like that because I already know it's gonna break my pressurized. Oh, okay, okay, okay, Okay. Now, if I, if I'm gonna take, if I eat some dairy or something, like I'm gonna take lactate. Like I got a little kit with me. I keep that kit with me.


It got lactate. I think it's in, I think it's in the room somewhere. I think it's over there. But I got a little kit. They got lactate. Go look and see if it's, if it's in, in my bag that I bring it. But I already know, like if I, if like, if I don't bring that kit, I ain't eat none of that stuff. Yeah. I, I just, I'm, I'm, I'm able to eat anything, drink anything. Dairy, obviously, I look, it's a little green container. I Don't have no issues with nothing. I could drink milk, eat dairy, ice cream. Man, you gotta eat. Can't. So you can't, you can't have cereal. Huh? Oh, nah. Damn. It's not, no, in the, in the, in the Ziploc. If it's not in that Ziploc bag on the, on the counter, that, That's not good.


Huh? You can't have no milk. That, that ain't, you can't have no dairy. That's not good. Oh. Check That. Check that. The goard in the side pocket. It might be in there. Nah, Goyard. Oh, you got money? Okay. Bet bad. I had a little money. I ain't got no money no more. Shit. You just said Goyard, Goyard. I gotta Look man. Look here. I gotta go buy. I gotta, It might bag On. No, it's another one. I might have left it. I thought I bought it. You, you ain't got it. You left it. But see, I do got Lysol.


I spray on the, I spray on my bed before I get in it. I spray on the seats on the airplane. What? Yeah, Lysol. You spray it on the Man, that's so, that's so disrespectful, man. What, Why are you spraying Lysol on the people? Plane Up. It might clean down. I guess. I ain't bring it. Joy. Listen, I, I understand you wanna be clean. You wanna sterilize everything. But you can't do that. Huh? You can't spray your bed. You can't spray the plane when you get on. You gotta, I can too. I did it. You have to allow your immune give your, give your immune system an opportunity to get some practice, man.


Nope, I'm good. No. Practice four. KT said, oh, rank these in order in which you love. You need to put loved ed. Not love to eat. I would go squirrel one, raccoon two, rabbit three turtle four as pets. No to eat. Hell no. Damn. Oh, I would take a raccoon. Yeah.


I didn't hear a dish on there. Oh yeah, of course. Yeah. I was like, I can get a rabbit. You know, I don't mind a rabbit, a little turtle. You know, throw little pellets in there. You, you said to eat. But wait, say those again. They, he wanted me to rank which, the order, which I would love to eat first. Raccoon, squirrel, rabbit turtle. I told him I would go squirrel one. I would go raccoon two, rabbit three turtle four. Okay. I'm gonna go chicken, chicken. One Turkey, beef, two fish pig, three fish bowl. That's me young.


I, I've never even seen a store that would serve any of those folk that you just named. Go, Hey, we ain't gonna, oh man. You ain't never had no fried squirrel, squirrel and rice. Nah, I seen a rat the other day. Grab one of those from under, like in New York. He grabbed a rat. It was another rat that grabbed one under the trash. You was dead when it was dead. Was it, was it dead? Huh? Yeah, it was dead. Yeah. Rats, rat, rats nasty. They, they terrible. You said? Hmm? Yeah. Oh. Okay. Look, I I know you, I know you lived in the woods for most of your life, but you don't supposed to eat the shit that's out there.


Oh yeah. You do. I mean, what, what? Hey, see there was no chicken. I mean, look, we ate chicken, but the only time we ever got chicken until I got to college or, or the only time we got fried chicken at home is on Sunday. Every Sunday we ate fried chicken. As long as I can remember. You know my mom said that's what they ate when they were growing up. They had fried chicken, but we never got chicken and, and, and pieces. My grandma would buy the whole chicken, two whole chicken, cut it up. She would fry or my sister, my aunts and them would fry the chicken. That's how we did it. We ate everything. We ate the eggs, we ate the backs. You know, you ate every part the chicken except the last part and the first part they got on the fence, the beacon, the butt. That's the only thing.


But sometimes you ate the, the butt. 'cause that's that little fatty part. You ever had the butt of the chicken? You never had that? Nah, just chicken wings. Hell no. You ate, you ain't, oh, you ain't getting all those good pieces. You out your damn mind. You think you about to get all the good pieces. I was a single child. Okay. All the pieces I fall down. Okay. Nah, we got, like, my grandfather got got, he got, obviously he go get the breast, a short thigh, something like that. You can get a short thigh and a back. You can get a drumstick and a wing. A back back, the back of the chicken. The bones. Yeah, that's the bone. You, you would gladly eat it.


But you worked the bone, the kid. Yeah. That beat on that. You got the neck too. Ain't no chicken, man. I don't know what, look at you, you eat fish with the head or no, no, no, no, no. I need, I need the head off. But I, I don't eat fish. I need, no, I, the fish need to be fileted. I, I can't eat no fish with the bone in it. Man. I got choked one time, man. I ate damn near a whole loaf of bread trying to get that bone outta my throat. I said, God, if you get this bone outta my throat, I promise you ain't put no damn more fish in my mouth. Especially if he ain't been debone. Well, okay, so you ate that on Sunday? What did you eat Monday through Saturday though? Squirrel rabbit.


We ate like smother fried chicken. See like whatever you didn't eat on Sunday, my grandma add some flour and water, then it was gonna be smother fried. So you gonna eat all that till it was gone. It wasn't gonna like you go, my grandma cooked some meat and then you didn't eat all that. Then she cooked some more meat. No, hell nah. You ate everything. And once that was gone, they cooked something else. So you know, rice peas most of the time, I mean, I ain't really like, I ain't like vegetables. So me and my brother eating cereal. She's like, okay, y'all know y'all better not eat up all that cereal before Saturday. Y'all ain't gonna have nothing to eat. So wait, wait, isn't it legal to wait, hold on.


Is it legal to eat rabbit stuff like this? Where's you, we, we, you eat, you eat quail. You eat Dove, duck, dove? Yeah, bird. Oh, nah, nah. I, I can see why you not married, huh? Yeah, I, yeah, now I don't eat it now. Oh, okay. I got, ain't no, ain't no woman cooking that shit for you. I wouldn't let nobody, huh? Yeah, I eat quail eggs brought me some quail from home. I eat quail. Yeah, quail right now. Fried quail. That's not if like, I would eat quail. Heard the quail eggs? No, I eat quail. The bird fried.


Hey, like a lot of times like when I was like, when I lived in Savannah, probably like once a month I went to this place called Elizabeth's. Man, they had the best quail and grs. I still rock with it. Right now. The only, the only meat I eat side of chicken is duck. Nah, that was good. We had, you don't eat duck, duck, duck dark meat. But I eat. Yeah, I eat duck. My duck chicken, quail, dove, squirrel, turtle, raccoon. Obviously you eat all, everything on the pig. There ain't nothing that you don't eat on the pig. The only thing you don't eat on the pig is the squeal.


You eat the tail. So y'all mix with, oh yeah, we eat the head. You had the head the ears. You ain't had no pig sandwich. Pig sandwich, pig. Ear the ears, pig got ears. You kill the hull, you cut the ears off you eat and Yeah. And them and have a pig sandwich with just bacon. No, hell nah. You ain't have no pigtails. We put pigtails in greens. Hey, I know people in this chat know about pigtails. What have pickle? I had the pickle eggs. Devil eggs? No, the pickle. It's pickle, right. It's like pink. Oh. Oh. You talking about pig feet?


No, hell no. There was a, they had another jar next to the, like growing up, they had the, they had the one with the buffet. So you had the eggs with the vinegar in them, with with So soak it, the vinegar. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But the most exotic. No, but you could eat everything on the pig you eat, you know, you eat make hog head cheese. You make, you know, you obviously you eat the snout. Yeah. Cow tongue. You ain't had no cow tongue. No, you ain't eat no oxtail. No, no. This man him.


What? Yeah. Where do you find that? You can find oxtail in the grocery store. Neck bones in, oh, off the grocery. Oh, nah, no, no, no. Yeah, man. They used to have this, this place up in Denver called Buckhorn. What was it? Ihorn. But they used to have, you had, you name a, you name a meat. They had it like, they had bear, they'd have yak. You have anything gator? You ever had any alligator g You know you gotta, you ain't got no alligators in Cali. Yeah, yeah. See we ate mild oysters, Mount oysters, which is the testicles of a, a cow or a hog.


You know what's gonna happen? I'm, what I'm do is after this I'm gonna write down all the meats and then I'm gonna go to Peter and I'm gonna say, you might need to check Shannon Sharpe house. Man. He got all kind of exotic. I don't even know what, but no, they got a, they got a farmer's market in, in Georgia on Beaufort. I think it's on Beaufort Highway. I think that's where it is. But they got, they got the ducks hanging up. They got all kind of stuff. You name a meat, they got rabbit. They got you name a meat. They got it. Okay. I, yeah, I've never, yeah. Yeah. The Volume.


Here we go. Popeye's. Here we go. What do we want? Popeye's Chicken wings. Why do we want 'em? They're The official wing of watching football. What flavors are we going to get? All of them. Be more specific. Sweet And spicy signature. Hot roasted garlic Parmesan, honey, barbecue, sweet and smoked. Chipotle and honey lemon pepper. When do we want 'em? When we're Watching The game. That's right. Gametime wing time. Woo. Let's go have that chicken from Peppers at participating US restaurants.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further, we've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.