
Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila For a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the Jets season? Look no Further, We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new Faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway. He tries to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport by Cara Folo, Judy Batista and NFL Networks team of experts the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


the 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at Draftking Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals Draft King Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit 100 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions. Terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch Right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices. Views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose the seat. The lowest price guaranteed or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you again for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite sports Onk. Shannon. Sharpe. The guy that's just dropped down and gave you 15 pushups right quick in the jet jersey is your favorite number. 85 Pringles Ringer Famer. One of the Great Rock. The greatest. The greatest. The greatest One. Up. One of the greatest. Chad Ochoco. Johnson. And the guy in the box to the top left. Now that's my dog. Me and this dude Y'all wanna do? Yeah, if y'all wanna do this. I do. You ain't tell me you was gonna wear everybody wear glasses. How y'all wanna do it? Hey, now when he, during the season, I didn't bother, but once the season been over, I've been on his phone.


We've been talking every day. That's my dog. You know him. Coach Prime, the greatest quarterback of all time. One of the top five defenders in NFL history. Top five. Top five. Ain't no top five. Top five. Who we debating with about how you gonna put me in the top five that that's insinuating five. You can't do that. You, you jumping lt. Hey, what I was gonna be scared of, LT. This this goes to the lt. What? Come on. Yeah, we from the last time we, where we from? From from the crib. Hey, you remember the last time we at, we at the Hall of Fame and I got on LT and Rick and Jack, we started joining back backstage.


But we'll say that for a little later in the show. Partio, tap your ass Coach Prime. If you were the head, if you could, if you could choose as a head coach, would you be the head coach or the general manager of the charge? I don't wanna do pros. I love college. I would never do Pros. Uhuh. I don't believe that. That's a lie. I don't believe that. Prime you. You are the very, listen to me, stay with me baby. You are the very person who had a song called Must Be the Money that Yeah, I'm straight. I know. And and I'm straight. And if and if they show you, if they show you that money over there in la, guess where we gonna be at notice? I said guess where we gonna be at. I'm so glad You said that.


So lemme address this one thing at a time. Yes sir. Must be the money was a testimony. I wasn't bragging about the money. I was saying must be the money that's turning y'all on. I said Diamond, Rolex, Gators on my feet. I gotta pair every day of the week. My hairs done, my fingernails too. Six buttons down. I don't know what this do must be this money. I was saying y'all changed. Right, Right, right. It must be the money now. Now. Secondly, I'm straight. Come on, Come on. Y'all provided everything I need, man. I'm having the time of my life. I'm sure Golden Colorado. I love the kids that I get to coach. I love the recruiting process. I love it. So I like the way it sounds. And I Like the purity of the young men.


Yes sir. You know, I like the, the, the, the, the sensitivities and I like all that and the amateurism of it, even though it's turning to pros because everybody want a bag now. But I would have a hard time in a locker room with a guy that's making a multitude of millions and he don't wanna play. I don't want to give his all, I would have a problem with that. Chad. A real problem with that. And you know, we had teenagers like, I can't do that. Yeah. And that, and that's, I been trying to tell Ocho Ocho say he ain't never played with nobody like that. Yes he did. He just didn't wanna see it. Wait, they just played for the money. Played for the money just or didn't wanna play it off. He really want to give it, they all just wouldn't wanna play. They had a lot of talent and they didn't, they just messed around.


Well I well mess it around by doing things off the field. Not on the field. Ain't on the, the field just don't wanna do. Right. Yeah. See, I I ain't pay attention like that. Honestly. I I, I ain't gonna lie. I ain't gonna lie to you. I ain't gonna lie to you. And I don't want you in la You can't be in la Right? Yeah. First of all, LA and you la first of all, LA too expensive for me. You know how cheap I am. I'm not getting a house. I don't like California. Right. I don't Like it. I I I want, I'm trying to get closer to Shannon so he could take you. I wanna sit closer. Don't, don't want us closer to him. You haven't got that hint. I don't Have he ever invited you anywhere to California? No. No. He Don't even, he don't even, he don't even answer damn text message. Thank you. I meet you somewhere. If you get there, then he gonna be evasive on getting there.


Yeah. Based on what's in there. Right, Right, right, right. That's who he's You ain't know who he's he don't want us there. First of all, he need to get but back in. That's what he need. No, I don't. Well, you Said you were taking me to the, to the place with the booty Juice Magic food. He ain't magic Shit ain't going there. First of all. Second of all, you still got, you still got your house there. Yeah. How you got a house there? You don't invite nobody and don't even let nobody use it. That's selfish. That's why I called him selfish y'all. That he's selfish. Hey, can I, can I use it for Airbnb? No, I, I talked to Match, I talked to Match Magic said come on, magic. First of all, magic is a hero.


A national treasure. Let's get that right. Magic, magic came in one of the gang still looking good. Still fly. Magic is still magic. You talking about somebody that should have a movie, a documentary done. Yeah. Yes, yes please. Yeah. Magic changed everybody life. Yeah. And just talk game. Yeah. I mean magic, this, this, this taught you game and all that. Man, I love magic but time. You remember when you first got into the league and when I came into the league and there was no defensive receiver and you could attack trying hit your mom. They was trying hit your mom in the stands back then. Boy hey, it was don't hurt my don't you your mama in the stands to my my baby.


They gonna, your baby half out running lot telling one of our receivers, I'm gonna kill you boy. I said, Ooh, we did that. Yes. That and and they literally, they literally tried to knock, I mean this face, like if they knocked, they didn't wanna hurt you for the entire of season, but they tried to knock your ass out the game. Yes sir. Who, who say time do you time? Do you remember ever defending a one step slant the way these guys run One step slant route now? Yeah. Man, them linebackers, single Terry, them guy off. Those guys would knock you in the next, they not getting hit right now. The Game is different. The game is different. Yeah. Yes. And and back to what Brady said.


And as far as the league being watered down, this is because of the competition committee. This is because of the NFL. Because the NFL wanting to make the offense, make it make the offenses have score points, make the game more entertaining for fans. You know, so fans could be engaged a little bit more. So now they've handicapped defensive players where they're throwing flags on everything. You can't hit nobody in a minute. I I said it trying to be funny in a minute they gonna be playing two hand touch. Well they did it. They did it. Now they did it the Pro Bowl. In Pro Bowl. You remember now We were dead serious in the Pro Bowl. Couple second half. Oh Yeah, That second half. Hey, that second half. That second half, we was trying to pay for everything. It would coming because we got that bill.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hold hold. So wound service was, oh no, no, no. Hey, hey man, we gotta pay for this. We gotta win. Yes, we gotta win. Yes. Yeah. Yes. We was plan to pay for the room service and the expenses because you done brought, you done brought family members one time. You already that one time. That was it. You know, we, we learned after that first time ne never again. And that, and that was the, that. But I but time you remember you and I talked about it. I said they're gonna do away with this. They had to do, I see them owners and, and had and Commissioner Goodell. I was like, how you go over there and you literally don't take this is tackle football and you touch the guy in the guy.


I got a confession. I got confession by the Pro Bowl, man. I'm not gonna even lie to you. Okay. After I got that bill, I literally ordered a little refrigerator to the room. You did? I was there that year. You ordered that refrigerator. Have it foot in the room. I had to put it in my room and I went to the grocery store and got some cereal and some milk. I said we gonna stop this. Y'all could eat breakfast right here. We gonna stop this. My kids, y'all. I remember that right here. At that time time. You remember that time we had transferred to the Ani because at first we had to hit the Hilton, Ohio Village. Oh Chad. Oh my god. You he, he told at the hit in Hawaii Village. Yeah. First of all, Everybody was everybody. Yeah. It was secluded.


Right, Right. They used to let everybody mama over the head. Everybody with Hawaii Village. You run into everybody. Huh? Oh, You come out the room and just see somebody you went to high school with. Like it was, it was, it was open like that. Right, Right, right. But I, I saw somebody I didn't go to high school with, but I wanted to go to what I'm trying to tell you, you know what I'm talking about. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Those were the days. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Those were the days, Man. Y'all, y'all shot out man. Yeah. Those days those were, those were the days. Those were the days. And it was back then, you couldn't tell nobody, Hey man, hey, what room you in? You yelling at you. Hey, The all the whole bill, The whole bar Bill would be on you and you be know what happened.


That's right. Yeah. You have told the wrong person your room number. I ah, nah man. I ain't even staying here. I you up I to you up Chad to up Who? You put that thing you hold, you know his on you. He ain't stop. Hey, listen, you might be the greatest. You, you are the Greatest. Ain't no mate. Ain't Ain't no take the man out, wouldn't You? You wouldn't have touched me. You wouldn't have touched me at the line. What you mean? Who, if you who you can hear? I'm talking to you. Don't come play First. First of all, don't play. Don't play. Okay. You cannot run me. So I'm not going, I don't need to run you. I can do one thing that nobody else can get off that Sc I'm gonna put so many hands on you.


I guarantee you gonna foul. You gonna go back a police report. But listen, listen, you gonna be a police report. Don't, Don't, don't, don't. Hey, don't, don't do me like that. Don't do check my resume. Don't do me like that. I did. Don't do me like it's one thing you won't do. I did. You Gonna touch me off the line. These feet gonna touch these feet off the line. These You did, you forget about these. Don't me. Did You forget about these feet? Yeah. Listen, they paid you to cover people. They paid me for my feet alone. They paid me to put butts in seats. Yeah. Well, and you know, you know, you know what's funny Cover Too? I did that for a decade too. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Understand. Back when time played, you could put hands.


What you mean? When I, when I played put hands on people, I Was blessing man. I been here is a reason. Huh? You hands on. Listen, listen, we, hey, you would've came out there playing with you would've got a communion. You would've got a You who? Huh? You got, you got the right one. You Know better. See, you gotta talk the stuff you know you can. Huh? You know what it is? What I see is on and I ain't, I ain't eight. Ready. I know you ready? Jump in. I know you ready to jump in there. Hey, hey Jack. He he gonna come to my house, my building and talk about me like a dog.


Hey, he a hey tag you got Hey, hey. Okay. Lemme tell you how you beat him. Release inside. He only got, he only got two toes on that right foot. You what I'm saying. See what I'm saying? See what I'm saying? No, that's bad man. You be praying for me and you coming at me. That ain't right. That, babe. Listen, We got, we, we, we gonna pray for him. We gonna, we gonna pray for him. But I know one thing. I don't care where I see you. It don't matter. It could be at the game. It could be at church. We could be at somebody's funeral. We could be in the street. We get the parking lot. It's on site every time. You know what? Let, but you know what, I'm proud of you because you spend a lot of time with, with your wife and all that.


Don't let me catch you with your wife. What happened? You ain't gonna look at you the same Shit. Me. If you think I'm gonna look in front of Boy, you, when gonna look at you the same. When I get done, If you think I'm Finn lose In front of her, you got another Coming. Don't let your wife is site. She time, time Faye you time he lose in front of her 85 other people. And you know you losing in front of your wife. She ain't gonna look at you saying no more. Hey, hey, hey boy. That's that's, that's a bad thing. Boy. You lose in front of your wife. You Can't lose in Front of your wife. Listen, And, we just And, we just playing. Imagine you get in the fight and your baby, she got, she gotta help you get up and you get knocked out and you get home. Gotta tell you baby, it was okay. Listen, you Can't even raise your voice in the house. You can't even raise your voice no more. Hey O Joe. We just hit a, a live 40,000 in the chat.


Live right now. New record. Congratulations coach Prime for joining us. I love it. And doing this. First of all, y'all, you 40,000 But time you gotta get, you gotta give me credit. I'll leave you alone during the season because you know how we used to talk? Not really. I be calling you. You do. But I be busy. You see all the jobs I got. I you're not too busy with us. And I always check on Chad. I always check On Chad. I I checked on you. I checked on you once to see did. I didn't wanna bother you lied. I didn't wanna bother you, But you did. How you quit lying. Both of y'all lying. But you did tell me you was coming to see me. You told me you was gonna come get on the field with receivers.


I ain't seen you yet. Wait, I ha I can't. 'cause I I, I got like 37 jobs right now. I can't even, I can't. You outta You don't work all. Yeah, you could have came in the summer. You coulda came in camp. You could have came. Wait, wait, wait. Shannon be lying to me. Right. But he won't show up. Question some other stuff. We can't. I got a question. I a question. I got a question. But He, he don't. Okay, I got a question. So Listen, talking, Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna put you on the spot. I'm gonna put you on the spot right now. Since I already had 37 jobs. Let's make it 38. How about you have me to come be the assistant receiver coach? You Don't wanna do that. You ain't dedicated like that. I'm not, but I done have structuring disciplines in 19. But you dedicat like that. You dedicated to play but you ain't dedicated to coach.


You ain't do that. You ain't like that whole different ballgame. So you, so you basically, you gonna try to gimme some mumbo jumbo and just say, you know what, I don't wanna hire you. Why don't you just say no, no, I, I will bring you in as an analyst. But you can't be there every day. You ain't gonna be there every day. You, I I know you, you do know. I know you. Listen, I, I love the kids. I got left. I got, he left my Yeah. Yeah. You like, you love the kids. That's one. You love the game, but you're not gonna be there every day. I'm gonna wait. Where's your coach? Where be at? He be, he'll get back at us. He text all us this morning. He'll get back at, but see, before he got the job, when he, when he didn't have the job at Jackson State, we talked at least four, five times a day.


Really? Not about football, just a lot. About a bull drive. Okay. He goes to Jackson State and I call him two or three, two or three times a week. Mainly about bull drive, a little bit of football. But when he got there, that's the first year. I said I gotta let him get, that's a lie. Let him get in there. That's last thought. Let him get in, pick that bag out and then, you know I will hit him up. Now this year ain't gonna be like last year. 'cause you already know what to expect. You done got in good. So now well hold on. You, You know what I just thought about. Hey pride, I just thought about, I done got turned down two, two brothers that I love. Y'all supposed to uplift me. I done asked both of y'all to do something for me. What? That I done asked unc. Right. I've been begging him for three months.


Man, get me on first tape. He done sold me a dream. I done asked you to let me come be a coach at or, or a assistant at Colorado. You done told me. No. So both of y'all done turned me down. And. we And, we got a bunch Of people. I mean, You do know. We know you. Right. Are are y'all supposed to be helping me climb out And Shannon, I heard what Shannon did to you, but he was right. He said let me get in here first and let me work it out and lemme do my thing. He been there. He been running there three months. Three Months? No, but he ain't in all the way yet. He don't know everybody's name. He just get in there and you know he just getting straight. He just got the whole makeup situation straight. So, you know he, he just getting there right as you go.


See I knew you dirty. You dirty, you dirty. Chad told me to say that. Okay. Anyway. Okay. Anyway, he got all that straight now he good. Right. I know you, I've been knowing you though. You know, I know you listen, If you give me a job, I will move to Colorado. Man. I will uproot everything in Miami. I will come to Colorado. I lie. You know that. You know That's a lie. Promise. Well, grandma was alive right now. She'll cuss you at, you know, grandma, she at, you know, now you know. And Shannon. Well I'm talking about his grandma. That was, that was my girl. He know grandma cuss him out. If he was lie. Grandma know. I know you. I got my right hand up. I got my right hand up. Your left.


Okay, listen left. That's your left. That's your left on tv. That's your right. But that And we gonna say, oh, you thought you boy, that's why we know you. We know you because we already know you. Yes. Hey, listen, I just want, I just want an opportunity, man. I'm trying to get with y'all an Opportunity time. I give him A-I-I-I-I said I give him a platform. Get him on, get him on here three, four times a week. Yeah. I mean, I gotta pull teeth. A you, you, you coming today? Is it? Has he been on time? Oh, I'm always on time. I ain't Late now. That's a lot. I ain't Never late. That's a lot. That's not late. Listen, I might not wear, I might not wear watch that work, but I'm gonna be on time Now. I don't know about all that now, now, historically, you know what You but I've never been late nowhere.


Huh? I set my watch five minutes ahead on purpose. So I never go anywhere, never be anywhere late. Do you really want me to call Marvin Lewis right now? Huh? Oh, I ain't never showed, I aint never showed up late to no meeting. You know, you lying. Not that, not that I can remember. You know I got, I got CTEI can't remember you lived, You lived at the complex. Exactly how you live at the complex when you was late. That's what all understand. Oh no, I over because nobody woke me up. Nobody woke me up. That, that was, that was, that was early, early in my career. Now Do you remember, do you remember the, do you remember the strength and conditioning coaches? Chip and, and, and Friday? Who? Cincinnati being, I'm talking to you. Ray. Ray and Ray Oliver and Chip.


Chip Morton. Yeah. Yeah. And then Friday came in as an assistant. Okay. So, you know, I know them. They were with me in Baltimore. Okay. Yeah. You know, we know everybody know each other. It's like a fraternity. Yeah. I mean we, we all family. We all family. But I just don't like when I don't like things being said about me that aren't true sometimes. You know That was true though though. That's not true. One thing about that, that was, I'm never late. No, that was true though. You was late and you lived in the complex. Like how did you do that? But you said they ain't wake you up. I take that. Yeah. They ain't wake up. It's like you being in the grocery store and starving. How you starving? Grocery store. At the grocery store? Yeah. I don't even understand that dog. You're not gonna be two 50. You're not gonna be 300 though, Joe. That's not your body, body frame. Look how narrow.


You see how your shoulders are. You don't like you to call him. Narrow offended. Don't. I'm not. I'm two 20. What whatcha talking about? Narrow not. Look, No, you've never been, you never 200 in your life, have you? Yeah, I'm two 20 right now. Talking about, look, you never been, no, I don't think you've ever hit 200 in your life. Hey, you Nah, never. Nah, Hell no. Hey, hey, hey Prime. You know how they used to have at the NFL experience they had that jersey and the little kids go stick their head in that thing and you see little body hanging. That's what he like. Jersey director always ripped though. He always been shredded. Now I'm ripped. You always Been, you always been that way. Yeah. Don't, don't, don't play.


They all, Jacob commented, we all know UNC brushed his teeth immediately after the game. Oh yeah. Yeah. I saw that though. But I had Big Red. I I don't do it as much as you do, but I probably brushed about five times a day. Like after I eat. Thank you. I have to brush after I eat every time. Like, I'm just Thank you. I mean, you said 10 times a day. That's, that's, that's excessive. That's Somebody told Shannon, I'm gonna tell you what happened. And this Shannon ain't tell y'all. I'm gonna tell y'all. 'cause I love y'all. Somebody told Shannon when he was younger that his breath stink. And I what? I know we could play like they did, but somebody told him that his breath stink and he was defensive and he wanted to diffuse that.


So he just went over brushing because somebody told like somebody, somebody said, I ain't never, I I, I've honestly, I've never had not, well not anyone that told me. Because you know that's a very tough conversation. No, it ain't to have. No it ain't not. When you from Florida, we had that conversation. Oh yeah. I've Always been the one to point out those things and nobody want to talk about, you know, though. Yeah. I mean, but you don you gotta make a joke of it though. Time. You just can't say man your mouth. You gotta make a joke of it. Yeah. You ain't, you ain't even gotta make no joke. You say, Hey boy, you want a piece of gum? No, no. He like kicks up under your tongue. Why your tongue hard? Like, like you do it in conversation.


Yeah. You got, you gotta be. You gotta, you gotta make a, you gotta make a, I've always pointed out that people wouldn't, you know? Yeah. You wouldn't point out Shannon, somebody, somebody said something. Yeah. You he said, he said, but you know what, you finn the kind of money that we done done spend on these things, man, I gotta keep. Right. Right. Lying. That stuff costs. I got my, when I first started doing tv, I gimme the whole grill. How much? The whole grill cost. Gimme the whole grill. All 32. Every last one of them came back. All 32. Man, Jay, you would love to get down with 'em. And they real ones too, man.


Like they, they, they love the game. They talk, they talk and I let them be unapologetically them. I want them to be, they Are. Oh. Oh. We got talk, we got talkers out there. Oh. We got some talkers Too. Okay. That's where I need to be. Yeah, we got some talkers. That's why I need to be see that, that, that alone should tell you why you need to hide me. That alone right there. But I know you Ain't gonna do. Right. I promise I'm, I promise I'm gonna do. Right. I got structure and discipline. Now. I got something that can't be taught. There's a certain it factor that I was born with that I can pass on to the, yeah. I You have that pass. I could pass this, I could pass it off to the young fellows. You do Have that, Shannon. What you think? Don't lie. No, tell the truth. Why you, Why you hate?


Thank you Shannon. Lord. See, see what I'm talking about. See Shannon ain't gonna lie to me first. See, he ain't won't, he won't bring me on first take Now he's saying he don't lie. I don't even gonna work for you. Y'all trying to keep a brother. Y'all trying to keep a brother down. He, first Of all, you work with me, you're never gonna work. I keep you down. When I elevated, when I elevated you, he, he ain't gonna, we, we got a show called Unc Ocho. Right. Listen, I can do show, show unc ocho from Colorado. You know we went to the hall of Fame together. Right. So we got a unbelievable bond. You do know that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Shit. Yeah. We got, we, I'm well, I'm in the hall of Fame too. I put on my own goddamn jacket. No, you you did. Yeah. Yeah. My jacket one.


My jacket 1 0 1. Your jacket. Everybody got them. That's A lie. That's a lie. There's a lie there. I'm talking about wait, wait, wait. Let say lemme take that back. Everybody that's in got one of them I got. Hey, listen, I gotta, I got a bus too. My bus 14 carry go. You wanna see it? Okay. I'm just letting you know. You'll be faring stuff around your bus. Your bus be all in. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Come on, come on, Come on. Your bus your bus probably Yeah, Far. Don't worry about it. I Don't know about y'all, but I gotta go to work in the morning. Right. Why You episode? Why you always, why you always trying to get off? Man, That's how he is. That's how he's, man, You see, he ain't even say nothing.


He just say, hey, okay. That's it. I gotta go to work. Who? You have no idea how he treats me. You have no idea. Chad. You have No idea. I listen, he treat me bad. He just told me no. When, when you asked for reference to come to Colorado. No, And I'm still a friend. I don't, I don't, I don't do no osa I don't do no recommendation. See what I Mean? He Ain't lying about that now. He ain't lying about that. He, I, yeah, he definitely ain't recommend nobody to nothing. Damn. Hey, Hey Ocho. You know what this is Ocho, It look like some, it look like some Jordans. They burgundy. Burgundy and orange. That's the ugly colorway. That's not burgundy though. That, that's red? Yeah, It's burgundy on my end. No, that's red. You, you gotta do something with your camera and your tv.


Nah, I didn't. No, your Eyes, you probably still got a flow. Nah, I only got, he Got, he got, nah, he, I only got, I only got one. I mean, he got that far, he got that far Whitaker eye going on. I only got one good eye as it is. I ain't never noticed that though. Yeah, yeah. You noticed it. Not this one. Yeah. You got that far? No. You mama was clean the other day, by the way. When You had Your T on with the shades on. Yeah. Hey, hey. Y'all fly. Wasn't that, Hey, Y'all did that boy, y'all did that. Hey, I clean it in the board of Health. Yeah, You was cleaning there. Yeah. Now you, I give you that pretty One thing about it. Boy, I could put on a Suit. No, you put on a suit. Hey. So imagine me as a recruiter going to them parents houses in a suited.


I ain't wearing no, I ain't wearing no, no, no, no. What what the recruit, what what called, You know Colorado Apparel? You're not gonna win No Colorado. I ain't wearing no Colorado apparel. I'm wearing Suits. See, that's the problem. I'm wearing suits. I need you to represent us. But still, you know, I'm wearing a suit. I'm gonna put a Colorado Buffalo pin on my suit. I tell you what you do, I'm gonna try you out in Miami. And we go and I'm gonna see how many, because that's your stomping ground. I'm gonna see how many that you could sign and then we'll go from there. I can get anybody. I can get anybody. Just tell me. Just tell me who you want. I guarantee I have 'em now. Okay. I guarantee I have 'em now. Well, I'm, I'm finna get me a job at Colorado. Ah, baby. I know you in the chat. We moving up.


We moving to Boulder baby. Here we go.


Popeye's. Here we go. What do we want? Popeye's Chicken Wings. Why do we want 'em? They're The official wing of watching football. What flavors are we going to get? All of them. Be more specific. Sweet and spicy signature. Hot roasted garlic Parmesan honey barbecue. Sweet and smokey Chipotle and Honey Lemon pepper. When do we want 'em, when We're watching The game. That's, that's right. Gametime Wing time. Woo. Let's go. That chicken from Pops and participating us restaurants


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila. For a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts. Experts the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer in the show. Now you're on it. How's it feel? I am A loyal viewer, one of My very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL,


look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ocho I guess. Ca sinat Sunnet just responded to my comments on first take And. we have the video man. Let's take a look at this man. Play it, Play it, play it. Play it. I ain't see It. I across the board. The man's already three foot tall. You put him in a chair. 91 91 5. Oh Fuck you it. Oh fuck no, you nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Fuck you. Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah nah nah Nigga is this national TV my nigga? What the fuck? No, no, no, no, no. Why just go straight like that nigga.


This national TV I was, man, y'all in the chat man. Y'all laughing man. Come on man. Don't do that. Hey man, don't do that man. Hey, how tall he is Man? Man, they know how tall that man is man. They ain't make it seem like I made some stuff up. Hey, But you shot out man. Man, I, Hey, I ain't even know he responded. Hey, that was funny. I didn't know, I didn't know either. That Was funny Man. Look. Oh man, Ocho, I was telling to Stevie about the dunk contest.


Right. I said okay, Aaron Gorn jumped over Taco fall. Right. Matt McClung jumped over Shaq. Hell, we got Blake Griffin jumping over Kia. Oh yeah, I remember that. That was dope. Jalen Brown jumped over. Kai did they, Did they wait, did they, did they have the chair propped up a little higher or something? No, he's sitting down in the chair with the phone. We're taking a selfie. I'm like, bro, what, what are we doing here? And the dude got like 45, 40 sixes. I'm like, come on. Really? Hell, I jumped over two guys in the chair. 35 in 1987? Yeah, 37 years ago. Hey, Hold on, hold on. Unc, you got vert too? You Could jump. I, I used to.


Ain't got What yo hug. Yo, what's up? We Good? We good Kai? Yeah, I got you. 15 minutes. You gave me a quick, you and Dylan got us back in the game in the second quarter, bro. Bro, Bro. But look, look, look. Okay, look, coach, coach, look, coach, look bro. Like, like, like bro, like bro, like I'm, I'm gonna be fully honest bro. We gonna break down everything that happened. Okay bro. You summ me in. Yeah, right. I go out there, I get me a bucket, then you summ me out.


It's the first time I put you in. Yes, but I, I also had, I had good defense. I got two, I almost got two stops. And then after I scored the floater it went in. Then you summed me out Bro. No, no I left you in that one because you closed out the second half Bro. You summed me out Coach. And then after you didn't play me for a whole Quarter and then, and then you brought it home. You played eight minutes in the fourth quarter. Nah, bro. What? No, I did, I played two. You had 14 minutes played. Listen to me bro. I was supposed to go crazy shit like bro, I had, I have a T-shirt bro. I have your T-shirt of your face on there, bro.


The the, I be popping champagne. I got the T-shirt bro. So bro, I feel like you let me down bro. So I think, you know what I think, I think Kyrie you, you had a parlay, you were supposed to score 30 points. Somebody said you have to score 30 points. My no, my parlay, here's my parlay cinco. My parlay was was 5.5 over. Right. I had score. I just needed one more bucket. Oh, He was trying? Yeah. You Gotta let me know that though. Lemme know that unless you got the bucket. Nah, but I feel like you ain't have no faith in me bro. Not right. Come on. Let's keep, let be real. Keep it in the Bucket. Lemme real, real. I saw you, I saw you in pregame. I was a little skeptical.


I ain't gonna lie. I was skeptical But, okay. Okay. But lemme show you something. Huh? Look at this bro. I don't think you seen this bro. But this is me before the game. Like the day before, bro. Like, look, look, Look. Oh man. Okay. Oh, you got your game face on for real? Yes, bro. Oh, you was, oh he was practicing. Yes, bro. I got my own highlights. Oh, he was ready. Look, I need to see the ball going in Kai. I don't see no ball going. I see you handle Kai. You playing Kai, you playing kids bro. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. They, they almost 13. They like Teenagers. No, Kai ain't no way. That kid, that kid had on Pampers.


No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. But they but they who? No you Be they. Who? They No, they who? Bro. I tell you what. This is what we're gonna do Kai. I'm gonna come back next year and coach, I'm gonna request you on the team. I give you 22 hard minutes. You got 22 minutes to get 10 points. Look, look, I don't even gotta start. I could come off the bench. It don't matter. I just need some time to do what I gotta do. Okay. You know what I'm saying? What, what's your point to what, what, what's the point to you trying to get to? We gotta be realistic that Kai don't be giving no 30, at least 12. I'll be real. Nah, single. I don't even need that much. I just need like a little, little eight. You feel me? I got you. No eight.


No, No, no, no, no, no. 12 12, 12, 12. Matter of fact, 12 is good. I have a whole year to prepare. Yeah. 12. It's good bro. I have a whole year to prepare, bro. So you go work on, so you go work on your game, you gonna get field handed to teach you the handle Lethal shootings The shot? Yes. No, I'm already, here's the thing, I'm already in the lab with c Brickley. We've been training for three months. I've been counting down to this day. They let me in the game last minute. So when I, when I heard that, I was ecstatic, bro. You feel what I'm saying? I gotta show you my clips of me training. 'cause I really trained so hard and I only paid five minutes, you feel me? But it's okay though. If they, if if they gimme a chance next year we gonna put on a show, bro. Okay. I, I'ma talk to and say look here, Kai need to come back.


Yeah, he wa he says if I give, so if I give you, so if I give you, if I give you 14 minutes, you can gimme eight points. Yes. Well I gave you, I gave you four points and five. I gave you four points and Five minutes. You 14 minutes. No, no. My god. You not understanding bro. I gave you four points and five. I didn't play 14 Minutes. Look at sta, look at sheet. I Play at six. How I look at that? Go to the celebrity game, pull up the celebrity game, celebrity all star game and pull it up. Okay. Stats. Okay. Lemme see stat sheet. Hold on. Box scores. Team Shannon versus team Steven. All right. How many You play, Play?


I'm outta seat right now. Let me see it. Say You number three. Right. Summary. I'm number three. What it say? Yep. Hay sir. Kai, how many minutes you play Kai? Hold on now it, it's not loading. I don't think they got any, nothing. Kai played 14 minutes and 11 seconds. Kat, Kat, Kat Ka. And you know that's Kat bro. I'm Just telling what the sta say Bro. That's Kat bro. That's Kat bro. But okay, but did you see the clip of me wide open? Did anybody see that? Lemme see what it say constant.


That 1411. Nah, nah, that's probably the Nah bro. That's ka bro. That's ka bro. Do you know I'm the only person that shot 100% from the field. I had one shot of one make. Yeah, but you ain't gimme no rebounds Kai. I know. That's the only thing I was, I I was supposed to You got Rebound. Rebound. You got me no assist Bro. But you got Micah coming in like a juggernaut bro. So I don't think, I don't even think Micah be like, like, bro, I don't think Micah know he got teammates on the court. I'm gonna keep it the whole stack. I don't think he do, bro. He don't be passing for nothing. Yeah, he missed on that one. He missed on that one.


You wide open. Yeah. But See why you started doing that and then Jazz got back and he couldn't get it to you in time. You can't be jumping up and down because you alerting to other people that you was wide open. No, I be, I be top of the key and I and my handles bro. They done compare me to Kyrie and Steph with the handles bro. So they didn't gimme the ball to work with. That's the thing. Okay, so you want the rock. So you want the rock in your hand? I need the rock. I don't even need it. Not 90. I don't even need it that much bro. But I just needed a good amount to where I could just, it's just ha, come here. Boom. You feel me? I didn't get to display. I didn't get to display nothing. You hit With the float. You had the float game working.


Oh bro, you made my mom cry. My mom was there, bro. She didn't, she said she, she said she came over that way and she don't leave the house. She cried when she left, bro. Hey, so how did that make you feel? You know what Kyle? You played, let's see. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. You played the That's true. Out outta 20 people. You played the seventh most minutes? No, I don't think so. I don't think so. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Oh, what you Think you played the seventh most minutes? Hold on, I'm gonna y'all real quick.


So what you think bro? Hey, Next year, next year is up. And matter of fact, we gonna increase. Increase. We gonna increase in points. We going increase how Many minutes you need, Kyle? You got to get eight points. How many, how many minutes do you need About four? Man, you don't need, you got 14 But you got, he got a year work. You gonna put in a year worth of work though. It's Not even it, it ain't even That's what I said. It goes, it goes two ways. Right. So here's the thing. It goes two ways, right? It go, coach gotta get me in and teammates gotta pass the ball. Right. You feel what I'm saying? During warmups, I, I, I high, I throw me and I throw me and punch on the same page.


I, I get to in the game. He don't know who I am. I'm over here before that. I'm like, yo, we gonna go crazy. We gonna kill it whole time. Do you know how it feels? The worst feeling is when somebody has the ball, he has the ball. He looks me dead in my face wide open and shoot it. And he even hit the rim. Oh, here? Yeah. I I remember that one. The three pointer. He shot a three pointer. I say it bro. So how many minutes I did? Honestly, realistically, if I give, if I give you 20 minutes, how many buckets can you get? At Least 12 points. 12 Points At least 12. 12 points. At 12. At 12.


If you, if hey listen, if you training for a whole year and the game is not until next year. February. Thank you. You got to have at least 12 points. Thank you. I think 12. I think 12. And You, you gotta run the point too. You gotta run the point. You gotta facilitate. No, no. Okay. Okay. Hold on. We moving too fast. I can't, you know, like the point is crazy. I'll do shooting guard, you know. Okay. You gonna be the two? You gonna Run the two? I yeah. I'll do, I I'll be the two. Okay. I'll be the two. You feel me? So yeah man. But look though, remember though, remember now Shannon, if they talk to them, please bro. I got you. All right. Thank you. Because you know that that was my first basketball game. For real.


Okay, we got you. We got you. Yeah. Appreciate you all. I'm just, hey why? Hold on. Yeah, why you call me three feet? That was no, no, no, No. Look. Okay, hold on bro. Stop lying to these people bro. I Tall. Are you Kai? Five nine. I told you He was five nine. I told You Kai don't do that. Kai. I told you he was five nine. Oh, how? How, how you here? Five feet? Five feet. Five, five. Yeah. Come On. I told you, I told him I saw you at the flag football game. I told him you was five nine from where I was standing. Well They well, five nine bro.


Oh, Joe was in a hole though. Look bro, look, I ain't three feet bro. And I'm not 1.5 and stuff like that. No, No Kai, it was not a knock on you. I was saying if you look at the other guys, they jumping over Shaq, they jumping over, they jumping over Taco fall. They're jumping over Akia. Even if they jumps over you, he put you in a chair. Now you have to height of what your original height is. I Thought, I thought I was gonna be standing up on a chair, but he told me sit down. I was confused. I ain't know what to do. See, so yeah, you wouldn't have gave no 46, 48 points on that dunk either would you?


Si. Come on bro. Come on jb my man's my boy. But god damn JB you shoulda have had me standing on that motherfucker. That's what I'm saying. Hey though. Yeah, I'm glad we got to, you know, communicate a little bit and to see what was going on and stuff like that. Coach. This is good. You know, you know this is good development. Yes. For player of the coach. Yep. And I just wanna say thank you for even considering to gimme a next chance and if and if I get a next chance in that, I won't let you down bro. I appreciate that. I appreciate that. We appreciate you joining us too though, bro. Yes sir. Because we know you busy. How many hours a night do you, how many hours a day do you scream? I try to do like, like seven to nine hours Straight.


Yeah. Straight. Yeah. I don't, I don't stream. I done stream for 30 days straight before. I'm serious. I I done got in trouble with that man. That's, that's seven, eight hours streaming. Hey Kai, You stream? Yeah, I'm on Twitch. Ochocinco. I'm on Twitch. What you Do? What you be playing Ea, FIFA and Call of Duty where? I'll cook. You and Madden Don't do. Come on man. Don't play with me like Don don't do that. Come on now. Don't do, come on now. Don't do that. You must not. You must not heard Kai. Don't do that. Mad We we know we need Kai from you. What? We need you, we need you to ask your followers to subscribe. Subscribe to our channel. We tried to come up. Yes. Ah yeah.


Hey look. Hey look. Go show something out to UNC bro. Go show something out to they say you gotta gimme more minutes first. Look, I got you, I got you. I'm gonna give you two. Oh now you look here now if I give you 20 minutes, you told me you gonna gimme 12 points next year for 20 minutes. 20 minutes. Yeah. I'm gonna get you 20 minutes. Yeah, Now if you ain't As long as you look, hey look, you don't gotta force for 20 minutes now you the 20 minutes where you think it should be used. Don't you feel what I'm saying? As long as you just gimme that 20, I'll be good bro. Okay, I Got you. Yeah and I got a up and coming Hooper too that he's a good duo of mine. He go by the name of Flight Reacts. Me and him is like LeBron and D Wade. I'm telling you bro.


I'm telling you. You LeBron or D Wade, LeBron. Nah for real. Me, me and Flight would go crazy bro. I'm telling you bro. I'm telling you bro. I I I'm gonna send you some info. I'm gonna get you info. Yeah, we can chop it up. I got you man. Hey, alright, Appreciate you joining us. Na ka enjoy bro. Thank you so much. Enjoy, enjoy the game. Enjoy coaching you. We out. I'll be in touch. I Won. I won't let you down bro. I, I Holler. Appreciate you man. Alright bro. For the San, Francisco 49 ERs Brandon iu. Brandon, how you doing? Can you hear us? What's good? Can you hear me?


Yeah, we got you bro. Yep. Hey B, can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. What's good, What's up? Well, hey, I like them jerseys back there. You need 85 back there baby. Send me one. Yeah, well hey no problem, no problem. Amazon, Amazon got next day. Just send me the address. All right. Brandon, Aiyuk Go ahead. Go ahead Joe. No, go ahead. Go ahead. Hey, what we, we in, we in March, we getting ready head into April, right? Have you started working out yet? I just started this week. You Started this week? We, we you down, you down on the west coast or east coast? I'm in Cali, I'm in the bay right now. Okay, okay. Okay. So I'm just, I wanna throw this out there. If you wanna get some work in, you know, I played DV and I just wanna see if you really like that.


I know what I saw on, on film. I know what I watched throughout the season. And, if you wanna get some work in, I just wanna see if you can get open. For sure. For sure. Sound like you nervous? For sure. What's up man? What's y'all on Man? Hey we good bro. Hey, talk to us about the season. You go into the season, okay. You train the off season, you go in the mindset says, okay, I need to be on one this year. I need to, because, you know, maybe they feel a certain type of way. Maybe they say, well yeah Brandon, you are doing okay, but can you, can you be that number one if something were to happen to Devo? If, if, you know, so what's your mindset going into a season?


I think just the mindset is mindset. Getting ready to be my best self. Just getting ready to have my body match up with what I wanna do mentally. If I could tell my body to do this and do that and it can go along with it, then I feel like I'm in great shape to have a great season. So that's just, that's just the mindset getting my body to be the best that it could be for 23, 24 weeks. 'cause that's the mindset. That's, that's, that's how long we, we getting used to playing now. So that's all the mindset is You okay, you have a mindset. So, okay, if I'm healthy, I wanna be able, I want my mind to match my body. I've done everything I needed to do in the off season, the way I ate, the way I train, the way I prepare, the way I focus.


I don't know if you have a, a, a sports, a psychologist, but my mind is in a great place. You go through the season, you are healthy, you have the type of season that you thought you should have, and now you guys get to the playoffs and you play well and you get to the Super Bowl. Talk us through that Super Bowl because you guys came out on fire, you had a leave, a 10 point lead for very much of the ball game and then you let it get away. They tied up in regulation, taking overtime and you guys unfortunately lose that ball game. So tell me, what's your mindset and what's the team mindset in that game? Going into the game, Going into the game, just going into the game, playing our best ball, trying to play, trying to play clean ball, clean football.


'cause when we do that, we win, we win ball games. So just trying to play clean, trying to play our brand of football. But yeah, that was it. The game, it went a different direction than we thought. You know, we, we, we, we, we, we was trying to grasp hold of it multiple times in the game, but we just couldn't, we just couldn't fully grasp it. And we never did. So, Because you guys, you guys had a 10 point lead. I mean, you guys were in control and I, and I, I was talking about having been in games like this Brandon, I'm like, when you have control of the game, how much separation can you put between you and the other team when you have that control because you know they're gonna get it.


Yeah. Eventually you're not gonna hold, have the momentum throughout the entirety of the game. So how much separation did you say that? Damn man, you look up, you like, man, we outplay them the whole game and they only down by seven points. They only down by three points. The whole game. I mean the whole game. I think it was, it was multiple times just starting off the game. I think, like you said, we was 10 0 7, 3 7, whatever And we was up. I don't, I can't remember exactly, but we was up and there was multiple, multiple times where defense going out there getting stops, going out there going stops getting, going out there, getting stops. But we coming off the field too. So it was in, it was in those moments where you like this game especially who we playing on the other side where it's just like, you never at ease just 'cause you're like, we gotta stay on the field, we gotta put points up because we already know how, we know.


We seen this story too many times. So, and unfortunately we seen it when we seen it another time. But like, like y'all said, man, we back to it. I just started to climb back up this week. I just, you know, I was telling, I I enjoyed my birthday March I was in, I was in Mexico cooling with the fa happy Birthday. Happy birthday, Appreciate that. And then just, just getting, just getting right, just getting back ready to try to climb back up again. That's, that's, that's all it is. And trying to get some, and trying to get, you know, trying to get something else on before that. Before that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, speak. Hey, speaking of, speaking of something else before that, listen, you one of the best in the league, I'm talking about top five. Listen, your resume, it speaks for itself. You going into your fifth season last year you had 75 catches, 1300 something yards, seven tds, and you was ranked second NFL and YPC, right?


So that speaks for itself. So there should be no discussion when it comes to taking care of you when it comes to your value. Rachel Second, I'm, I'm, I'm sick. Look, I'm, I'm sick about that second one. 'cause look Yeah, the whole entire, that that was YPC. Yes sir. And I was sick. I finished second Look who you know first. Who was, you know, who was first? Who first Pickens. Pickens was first. Pickens had Pickens. So the whole, I'm leading it the whole entire year. I'm leading the whole entire year. YYPC Right? Last game of the season. I think Pickens didn't have no catches in the last game of the season. Right. Last game of the season. What's his name? Purdy ain't play. They sent me out there. Right. And I, and I lost it in the last week. So I'm mad about that when you I should be saying one, but it's all you. Yeah, but it's, it's, it's, listen there, there's certain things that, that we can see from the outside looking in.


I can see. So when it comes to, and I hate, I hate most of the time, you know, players don't really like to talk about their contract negotiations or anything having to do with money. But I, I will do it for you. You don't have to say anything but Appreciate that You are so fucking valuable to that offense. You are what I call a true number one who can play on the outside. You can play on the inside. You can beat, you can beat any goddamn covers. There is that's out there. You are one of the few players in the NFL that plays receiver where you don't need your offensive coordinators help to get open. When, when the coach tell you I need you to get open here on third and tour or whatever it is, no matter what they got lined up in front of you, you one of the few that can go out there and get open on the muscle.


So I don't understand what the issue is over there with the GM and your owners, but just understand you deserve to get paid. And I ain't just talking about no any money. I'm talking about 30, 32 a year and I need 3%. I appreciate that. I appreciate that. I appreciate that. Always. I appreciate I ain't have to say because, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, Don't, don't, don't do that. Don't Do that. I appreciate that. I appreciate that. I appreciate that. So, so Brandon, when obviously your, your representative have been talking to John Lynch who's the general manager and there've been the, the swirling about he's gonna get traded, blah, blah, blah. But John Lynch came out earlier this week and said, I promise you nothing is going on there. And then you had the IG story with the emojis, the money, the talking, the BS and the walking.


So what's, what's been relayed to you as much as you can divulge what's been relayed to you through your representative? That we trying to get work done, they trying to get work done. I mean they trying to get work done. Are you that's that's, that's, that's, that's all I, that's all I can say. Y'all know how y'all know how it gets. I don't even wanna, yeah, I don't even wanna get too far into that. But yeah, you know, I'm just trying to, I'm just trying to get like, like, like Ocho just said, I'm trying to, I'm trying to get what I, what I deserve. I felt like this season, this season playing football, I figured out who I was as a person, as a player, what I bring to the table, what I bring to the locker room, what I bring to organization and just the value I hold when I walk in that building because people gonna follow me.


'cause I've done it the right way since I've been in that building from, from, from, from the, from the, the first day I walked in there to when I was in there earlier this morning, done it the right way. So, and if, if, if, if they don't see a worth than that, that's all. That's all it is. That's all it is. Yeah. It ain't nothing else. It ain't nothing else besides that. But I can't, like I said, I can't get into it. We got professionals working on both sides. So hopefully we can come to a professional agreement and continue to play professional football. Like it. I Like it. I played in the offense for a number of years, Brandon. And I know one thing of the wide receiver, you get rewarded for blocking. You are one of the better blocking wide receivers and you have to, in order to have the running back to have success.


Because now when you are blocking downfield, you, Devo, Jennings, kittle, those four and five yards turn into 20, 25, 30, 40 yards. How much pride do you guys as a unit take pride in blocking So much pride? So much pride. That's the one thing before the routes, before touchdowns, before any of the stuff that you see. It just started with that. And I think, I think once we, once we as a room, as a unit, previously in the past we came, especially Deebo George, guys like that. We came up And. we just said, you know what, this, that's it. That's gonna be, that's like the standard is the standard.


That's what it's gonna be. So we gonna start with that. And I feel like, and I feel like the moment I start blocking like that, it just kind of carried over into the way that I ran routes. The way that I released, the way that I just played, just played the game. Just if you had that attacking mindset that you going that I'm just gonna put hands on this guy. I'm, he's not gonna make the play. He's, he's ex from this play. The next, when now, now you gotta route on third, third down. You're already in the game. You're already flown. You already, that's how I feel personally. I'm already, I'm already, I'm already in the game. I already done made a play. I didn't, I didn't set CMAC free for 35. He increased one 'cause I done made a block. Now I don't, I'm, I'm already had a, it feels like I already done caught a, caught a ball. Now that first play that might come to me. 'cause I might not only might get five or six, so I gotta make, I gotta make, I gotta make five or six.


So playing with that mindset, I feel like it helped me a lot. So it just, that's what it came down to. To the block two as well. That's lie. Like, hey listen. And that, and that's the funny thing about it is you listen, I already talked about you as a receiver, obviously we know what you could do as a receiver, but you were, you, you like what I, I consider complete because when it came to blocking, I was horrible. I I Was You wasn't, you wasn't barking. You wasn't barking. No, I, no, I, no, I I just run people off. I'm, I'm, I'm too little. I couldn't even bench 1 35. So I just run people off. I ain't got time to be engaging in, in something that I'm gonna lose. Now from what I heard, if I'm not mistaken, from what I heard, if I'm not mistaken, I heard you could squat almost 500 pounds Back when I, back when I used to squat like that.


I don't squat like that no more. No. Well you could squat 500 Pounds. I mean put it on. I put it, I probably could put it on there. I I, I, I'll squat it, but it ain't working out like that. You gotta save them legs now, man. Pound, squat legs. They don't run. They don't get in and out breaks. I gotta start stop. Exactly. There you go. Lemme Brandon, lemme ask you this, the play before you guys kicked the field golden overtime, you guys had a play. And I don't know how many people have seen it, but I know you've gone back and watched that tape because luxurious need Mr. Jam and you come wide open. But Chris Jones came free and pressure party and he ends up throwing the ball away.


How many times have you replayed that play in your mind? None. I like, none. It, because it's like, well first of all, that play wasn't going to me. That, that we, we running, we running, we running, we running slant return to, to JJ in the slot. Okay. And I already know this, there's no way this come back. I don't think it's gonna come all the way back to me. I already know this play, this play going here. It's play. Yeah. Front side play. So I don't even, I don't even too much think about that play. It's the play. It's the plays way long before that. It's the plays way long before that, that, that, that get to me. Because we had multiple chances long before that one to even tell. So I don't, I don't put too much on that play, but yeah, I don't put too much.


Yeah. Have you thought, have you thought about the Super Bowl and the missed opportunities that you guys had? I'm, I ain't gonna lie, un until before I went to to Cabo for my birthday, I was in the house like just wrong, like a zombie. Like I was like, it, it just wasn't good. So I found I got to go, I got to go out there and relax and, and get away from it. Now I'm finally just now able, able to move forward a little bit. But even just still, just still 'cause 'cause it's just like champion, oh my God. I come back, I come in my house and I got, you know, I got, I'm a, I'm a big LeBron fan, but I got Kobe. I got Kobe, I got a picture of Kobe holding and I got a picture of myself shaking Tom Brady hand in my, in my crib. And I just get back, I'm just sitting there a couple weeks after the game looking at that picture.


The day when I got back looking at that picture, like I didn't really understand the magnitude of what I just had in front of me until now I'm here on this, on this other side and I don't get to hold it. So, but at the same time, I'm grateful for it gave me, it gave me, it gave me another, it gave me, it gave me something else to, to see and work towards too. 'cause I'm already, I'm already, it's a fact I'm a top receiver in this league. It's a fact. You know, anything receiver wise, it's a fact. We don't have to even get into it. But I'm not a champion. So it gave me, it gave me another, it gave me something to, to strive and work towards too and, and want to get back on this climb again. Speaking of Brandon, speaking of, I gonna ask you, I'm gonna ask you about your quarterback Brock Purdy, man, he passed over 4,000. He had 31 touchdowns.


Obviously he was third in the NFL with those stats, but for some reason he still has some doubters. What do you think is a case for that and what is it like playing with Brock? I mean, he play on the Niners. He, they don't want, they don't wanna, they don't wanna, they don't wanna, they don't wanna, they gonna, they gonna take forever. They gonna take until the last moment possible to say, all right, you know, we gonna give him his credit, you know. But that's just, that's we, we, we cool with that. We cool with that. He's, that he's, I feel like he's an underdog myself. I feel like I'm an underdog, but you can't hold an underdog down for too long. Like, you can't hold him down. No matter hard. How hard you try, you ain't gonna hold him down. So I enjoyed, I enjoyed playing with him.


I had a lot of fun playing with him. Like, but we, we only, we had only just got started. So we'll see what, we'll see what happens down, going down the road and yeah, hopefully I'll continue to praise him. Which no matter how it goes, that he, he nice, he nice for real. So he nice, he nice, he nice You in that draft. I mean you look at your draft, you had Hindi rugs and Jerry, Judy, yourself, cd, Justin, Jefferson, Jalen Reer at Pittman and t Higgins was in the second round. Mooney. I mean that, that draft was loaded.


Yeah. But where would you rank yourself? Where would you consider yourself, not just in your draft class, but with all the receivers, the tyres, the, the, the Devonte Adams, all those guys. Where, where, where is Brandon Ya in that, in that, in that talk, in that conversation. I'm gonna say it like this. I don't, like, I don't even wanna get too much into ranking and this and that, but I'll say this one thing that we could go up based off of that's not gonna tell us no lies. That's not going, it don't have no pins. It don't have, it's not, it's not leading in any direction. Is the tape cut the tape on for 22 weeks of football? Nobody else can't say they played 22 some weeks of football. They can't, they can't, whoever anybody with you just name.


They can't say they've been a three NSC champ championship games. They can't say they've been a, you know what I'm saying? Like, so everybody doing all this, but we trying to, it's something else. I, we, we already passed yards. We already passed yards and, and touchdowns. Of course we're gonna get yards and touchdowns. Can't nobody stick us. We, we, it's the reason why you bringing us up. But what else are we gonna bring? What else where we else we gonna take it to? Like we, it's a reason why it's, we talk about Patrick Patrick homes every single, every single day. 'cause nobody can't do, nobody can't do, nobody can't do that. Nobody doing that. And. we, we chasing, like here, here where we was at, just at, we feel like I just seen some somebody comment, say, Purdy Posta have two championships. I mean, of course they could say Posta have, but I read that and I I I saw that and I said it, it it could have went, he could, he, we could be sitting here right now with two, with two championships.


So that's the only thing. I'm only, we, I'm worried about championships right now. I'm, I'm championships, championships, championships. I ain't trying to get into who's number one and two and three and four or five. Number one, have you been to the playoffs? Have you been to a champ a Super Bowl? Have you been No. So I'm not even going Championships, Championship there. There's a photo of Mike Tomlin. You are split. You, I think you retweeted it of Mike Tomlin. And you was like, Hey, you tweeted picture of you and Mike said, Hey, they said we're twins. What do you think, how surprised are you that that photo has garner the attention that it has? Y'all do kind of look like twins Brandon or y'all or cousins or something?


Dog Bo Back at my dog Bo from South Carolina, you look like him. But Nah, nah, I mean that pitch, I mean that pi it was, it was funny. I had seen it like right after the Super Bowl. You know, they trying to, they try to kick you while you already down. So I'm like, all right, this cool. Y'all get, y'all can get at me, y'all get at me. It's, it's all good. I'll take it. I, because, you know, and also I've been talking shit. They got, they got it. So then they got me again. But it was cool. I just said, I just brought it back full circle. 'cause I felt like I was waking up like this, this like, every day, every day while you under negoti negotiating or whatever you wanna call contract talks. Every day's like a different day. So it's just like that. So I, I had woke up, so I was like, you know what, like I keep, I keep bringing up my birthday.


I said, you know what, I'm not gonna go say nothing. I'm just gonna leave my exit alone. I ain't gonna do nothing. I'm just gonna wait till after for my birthday. And then I'm, I'm, I'm gonna try to put a little bit more pressure on them. So I get, I I, I get there, I wake up, I wake up right after I wake up and they talking about, they talking about another team again. They talking about another team that they got me supposed to bend the trade talks or whatever, whatever, whatever. So I said, Hey, let me, let me just go ahead and let me just, if we wanna make, if everybody's saying this and this and that, let me go ahead and I'll just go, let me just put out one of my little spots that I, I, you know, and I'll revert back to Tom And. we can have a little bit of fun with it. It's all, it is all it's all in fun. It's all fun. Like I said, we're professionals, but I'm, it's, it is what it is, man. But that, that, I I that's, that's where the Thomas Day came from.


Yeah. I didn't know you from South Carolina. What part of Carolina are you from? No, I'm talking about my dog. I said you look like my dog Bo from South Carolina. My dog. My, yeah. Yeah, my dog. My dog. Deebo. Oh, Deebo. Oh, okay. My bad. I was like, damn, I didn't know. I thought you was from like Cali or something. No, I'm from Reno, Nevada. Reno, Nevada. Yes sir. Oh, the biggest little city in the, You been over there? I have not been over there, but I heard about it. No, I haven't been there. Okay, Okay. I Ain't never, Hey bro. So anything else you, anything else you wanna share? Because listening from the outside, it sounds like you're kind of disappointed that the contract negotiations haven't gone as smoothly as you anticipated.


Considering you've been a model citizen inside the building. You've been a model citizen out on the field. You've been a model citizen outside the facility. Well, look, let me ask y'all. Do y'all know, do y'all know like the timing, the timing and the everything that goes on with negotiation talks like You, I, I know, I know one thing for the skilled position, if you're not a quarterback, we gotta fight tooth and nail. So this is what we all have to go through. Yeah, we all have to go through this and it, it would all, it would always be like this no matter what. But you, you are handling it the right way because yeah, the market is the market. Your resume is your resume. Your value is your value. Ray Charles can see what you can do. Other teams can also see what you can do. So they can play games if they want to.


If they don't want to give you what you deserve. And I know what you deserve. Other teams will give you what they deserve and they're gonna overpay for it if they let you walk out that door. So either way it go either way. You cut it, it's a win-win for you no matter what, based on your resume. So For you, I'm talking For you, you should be smiling every goddamn day no matter what because you gonna be good. For sure. For, so I get your frustration, Brandon, because had you not performed like you have, they would've done traded you or released you. Oh yeah. Now compensate me for the work that I've done. I've had a couple of these ran ear early in my career.


I held out, ended up having to hold out for two weeks. My, my my my third contract, no, my fourth contract. I signed it the day before the day of training camp. The day of training camp. And then they didn't, they didn't resign me. I go to Baltimore, win a championship, go to the Pro Bowl, they released me, I go back to Denver. So it's a, it's, I I I'll tell you like this, the best thing you can do is to keep your emotions in check. Don't get too high, don't get too low. 'cause I know you're staying in constant contact with your, your representative. He's doing a good a job as he possibly can to keep you in the right frame of mind.


Contracts, talks are going well. They have a, you have, he probably haven't told you, but I think there's a number that, that the 49 ERs have in mind. You kind of want to go over that number. And I believe you've earned a right to go over that number based on what you've done And On What you're gonna, what you're Gonna do. Yes. What You're gonna do. Yes. And that's the frustrating part. I I, I, look, I've been a player and I understand the business aspect from a team, but I believe you should reward your players for what they've done and what you believe they can do. Now if they don't think you, it's like, well, you know what, this was an isolated incident. They know what's going, They know, they know what's going on.


Come on now. Exactly what's going on. They know what's going on. I know what's going on. It's, I like, like I said, it's, it's, it's not easy. It's not, it's business. It's business. And it's, it's multiple people involved in, in in business. And. we all trying to get to one thing, but like I said, they gonna do it with me or without me. You gonna have a better chance with me. We just leave it at that. Yeah. You just leave it at that Control what you can control, which is your frame of mind and the work that you put in to be ready to go wherever that may be. You know, I'm be ready, you know I'm gonna be ready. You know I'm gonna be ready. That one I, They know I'm gonna be ready. Come on now.


Brandon Aiyuk really appreciate you taking time by This speaker. Whoa. Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What about our one-On-ones? We can one, we can one-on-One hoop. We can one on on hoop. We can one-on-one hoop. Nah, I play DB though. No, you don't play db. What you Talking about? I was Dr. Wait, wait. Brandon. Aiyuk was drafted as a DB and they switched me to receiver because the DB room was full. I was, I was a DB too. And I play and then I moved to receiver. 'cause I need that. I need the pill in my hands. Okay. No. So you, so you wanna play basketball one-on-one? Yeah, I'd rather, I rather hoop. I I rather hoop. I rather hoop than do like that man. But you going but you gonna lose that. I just grab new, I just grab some new, I just got some new hoop shoes I just grabbed.


Shout out to Adidas. I just grabbed some A one, some A one. I'm trying jump out the gym too, so I'm about to go. Who? All right, bet. That's gonna be my first content for TikTok. Me beating you in basketball. Yes sir. Yes sir. Brandon. Brandon, when he say he was drafted, that means he was running behind someone. He was drafting off them, you know, to try to get a, you know, he didn't want to exert that much energy. He was not drafted in no db. But I wanna take time out right now. Thank you for joining us on Nightcap. We really appreciate you giving us some of your time offered insight to your game, what transpired during the season, the Super Bowl and BEST OF Luck on this contract, bro. Bro. Well deserved, well deserved. Whatever you get, you deserve it. You've earned it. Yes, sir. Appreciate that.


Appreciate you having me on here. Be I been, anytime I'm come back anytime I watch it in my cave all the time. So I was honored to pull up and talk to y'all. Chad, this is my first time TA talking to Chad. Chad Oto. Yo. Yes sir. Yes sir. All Right, baby. I love you, man. Chelsea, back. Tell Mac, Mac his favorite uncle said what's up. For sure. Will do, will do. Alright, Appreciate that, Brandon. Thank you, man.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the Stores, whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Ocho. We gonna get right into it because we got a special guest that's on the line for us. Guys, let's welcome Heisman Trophy. Winner, LS u's on the draft is Thursday and he's gonna hear his name called very, very early in that process. Let's welcome Heisman Trophy winner from LSU, Jayden Daniels. jd, what's up? How you doing, bro? Jay? What's good boy? What's happening man? Chilling, chilling, chilling Right here. I'm trying, I'm trying to see how you feeling, man, if that, that childhood dream is going to happen in a few more days. How you feeling, Man? Honestly, like anxious, like, you know, I'm just ready to get this, hear my name, call and get to work.


Has it hit you yet? Like it, it hasn't really set in yet, huh? Nah, it ain't really set in. You know, I've been everywhere, you know, flying back and forth, be on flights, you know, 30 visits, top 30 visits, stuff like that. So I ain't really had time to really sit back and really think about it. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Jay, hold up. Hold up. Jay. Why you taking all them visits? You like where y'all picking? Y'all picking 28. I ain't gonna be there. I ain't coming to see y'all, man. Stop playing with me. This once a talk thing. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta you gotta take 'em off. You Getting all the frequent flyer miles, huh? Trying to, So walk us through the process. Okay. You win the Heisman. Yeah. You are like, okay, I can't do any more at LSU.


I'm, I'm, I'm outta here. I'm go. Okay. So now you go through the process, talk through, talk us through, talk our audience through what's going through Jayden, Daniels mind, once he win the Heisman. Once you have the year that you have, what's going from that point? You have the year that you have, you are the 2023 Heisman Trophy winner. Walk us through from there. Hmm. I mean, once I heard my name, even before that point, I kind of like, after the Texas a and m game, I was like, man, I, I ain't got nothing else left for college, man. I can't do it. I can't play, I can't play in this bowl game. Right, right. You know? And I was like, man, I tell all my peoples like closest one to me, like Malik and, and Brian are, I'm telling them like, man, I'm out. Like I can't play in this bowl game, love y'all, but it's time for me to move on.


And then from there, kind of really just moved outta Louisiana, moved back to California, took like two weeks off, and then after our bowl game, got to work. So you started, so you go through the draft. I mean, so when did you, when did you, because obviously as Ocho asked you, this is a lifelong dream, and so now you're about to fulfill, this is not the end of one journey, it's the beginning of another journey. So what is your expectations? Are you going to be in New York? I mean, excuse me, Detroit. I'm going to Detroit. Okay. I'm going. So that's always been a lifelong dream to be there and to walk on that stage and give Roger Goodell that hug.


Honestly, it hasn't my, my lifelong dream being first I pick and hear my name. Okay. I thought about differently. But then once you in the process and you know, you can go high, I'm like, man, like everybody, like man wants a lifetime opportunity to walk across that stage, you know, hold that jersey up. So I was like, man, I can't miss off a show. Yeah. It, it is one thing that I, I always thought about. No, most of the time you just want to get drafted. But I know players in the back of their mind, they always, they always think about a favorite team that they always wanted to, wanted to play for. So as, as a child growing up, who was your favorite team growing up and how do you feel about your chances of playing there? Now I'm not asking, I'm not asking, I'm not asking where you wanna go. No. My chances, my chances of slim playing there.


Right. My chances, they're very slim. They, they got a qb, but growing up, my favorite team is a 49 ERs. So, okay, okay. You know, they got a team, so my chances are very slim going there. Right? Yeah. They, they messed that up, Jayden, when they traded up a couple years ago to the third pick, maybe they hadn't done, maybe they hadn't have done that. That might have been an opportunity for you. We never know. So now, now that you, so what is it, so your family's around you, obviously your mom's gonna be there. So what, what's it like to know that, you know what, I'm gonna be able to take care of my mom. My mom. I, I don't know if your mom's working or your dad's working, but you know, hey baby got this thing ignited. Everybody, everybody, Everybody All the way down. Yeah, man, both my parents still working, so it'd be able, not everybody looking at me, so I'll be able to, you know, it's, they put in all the work, you know, to get me to this point, to sacrifice and stuff like that.


So be able to take care of them a little bit. Not too much, you know, they still gotta work, but, but you know, whenever, whenever I get the chance to take care of them, man, I'm gonna take care of them. Once I get that second contract, then we can talk about Themselves. Second, second one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Retire and stuff like that. Yeah. Gimme three years. Gimme three years. Just hold over three years. That, that's a good one. Listen, you, you had an exceptional, exceptional season last year. Now from my understanding, you played so well due to your nutrition in which you ate before games. Yeah. Pregame meal was a omelet and two waffle. Two of them.


Now, once you get to the NFL, will you change your routine as far as nutrition is concerned? You gonna stay, you gonna, you gonna stay true to yourself? Hey, I, I'm, I'm in between man. I'm true to myself. Like, I, I can get away with a little bit, you know, I eat fast food still to the day, Wendy. Yeah, we, That's what I'm talking about. That's why you gonna be successful at the next level. Unc, you heard that? You heard him. He I'll steal you fat. I steal you fast, man. Let's go man. Well, I'm sure talk About, But ha have you talked to any of teams and have your trainer says, Jay, we probably need to put about 10, 15 pounds on you, not right now, but through the process over the next year Or so. For sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Most definitely. Like teams I talked to, they was like, what I played at last year, I was like around like 2 0 5. So they was like, you know, we just gonna put in, put on weight progressively, but we ain't gonna overload you. So, you know, your, your play start start to digress. Talk to us about the, the what you, you started out at Arizona State. Yeah. And then you go to LSU. What was your thought process of entering the portal and going to LSU and leaving Arizona State? Man, that was hard. You know, just being there for three years, you know, I got, I got love, much love for Herm, you know, I love Herm, Marv, ap, all those guys. So it was hard just to leave them, you know, I, I still to the day, I remember Marv was blowing my phone, like, come talk to me before you leave.


Talking to, talking to her before I left. I was like, man, it, it is hard. But one thing about them, they always respecting me. You know? They, they told me, if I don't got nowhere to go, I still gotta go home here. Right. So, you know, to this day it was a genuine love. But transferring to LSU man, honestly what to expect. I was like, I just need a fresh new start. You know, I want to go get, go compete against the best, you know, the SEC the boys in the south built a little different. So I wanted to go down there and play against them and play with them. And I was blessed enough to go to L-S-U-L-S-U was an opportunity for me. And then I was able to play on the biggest stage. Yeah. Was it, was it a shock once you got to the second, realized the difference from playing in the PAC 12 as opposed to being in the second once you got there, was, was it not, not a culture shock, but was from a, from a a skill perspective, was it eye-opening Man?


Yeah, I mean, I'll just say like the, the mentality, you know, you got, I was busting up to play with Malik and Brian, you know, and every day I practice, no matter who it was, O line, D-line receivers, linebackers, dbs, you know, they always talking, talking crazy man. And he, that's one thing, that's one thing about Malik man, he always talking crazy no matter what he thinks nobody can guard him. He's always open. Right. So, you know, he, he, he got the little dog in the, I respect that. But you know, all across the board, they all got the dog in because how they raised, you know, much uht have much to do football. So, you know, That's dope, man. You go to LSU, did you think this type of season was possible?


I mean, you had some high, I mean, you had some fantastic runs. Yeah. You had some fantastic plays at Arizona State, but did you think this Yeah, Man, honestly, I knew I, like, before I went to college, I was like, man, I wanna win a Heisman. Mm. But going, taking it back, going to back to this off season, I was like, man, I'm gonna win this Heisman like that. That was my goal. Heisman, I put it, you know, we working out in the weight room. I put it up on top of the, the rack, you know, the, the strength coaches put like a little a plaque for me, me and Malik. So Malik had Belinda cough, I had a Heisman once. So it worked out. And, we all, we constantly just looking at it like we had that goal set. Like, man, we, we trying to go get this right. And then we just started balling. I mean we, our chemistry, just a whole offensive chemistry man started hitting off And.


we took off from there. That's dope man. Hey, listen, obviously with you going to the next level, there are some great quarterbacks going to the draft. Obviously Brother, brother Drake May, Caleb Williams and some Michael Penning Jr. And some and some other players. What do you think separates yourself from the other quarterback? Excuse me? What do you think separates yourself from the other quarterbacks in the draft from your your, your own perspective? Man, I, I say, I mean, I can't speak for everybody, but I'm, I'm a competitor. I'm a dog man, you know, and then, and then my escap you know, I can, you know, you gimme a land, I could go 80, Right?


So I, that, that separates me, man. Just, you know, I getting to know those guys. I mean, I know they all got high football cues, but I would say just that dog in me, like, you know, this is all I know, you know, I grew up football. I, I was always doubted, you know, people doubted me to this day. So, you know, I, I, I take that, you know, and added to the fire at the end of the day. Yeah. So, but other than that man, you know, just my scalability, man, my legs. I know God bless me with those. So I gotta keep using them. So how's the visits gone? You go to these teams, you say you have up, you have 30 visits. I don't know if you take it all 30 of them. So when they get, so walk our audience out viewing audience and our listening audience through, what is it like for Jayden?


Daniels? Let's just say, okay, you go, you went to Washington and New England, Arizona, let's just take those three teams because they're in the top five. And what are, what is that? What are they asking you to do? Are they asking you to diagram play? They ask you, okay, what's this play from what you did in college? What's that process like? Man, it is kind of just like, you know, they want to, they want to kind of introduce you to the offense. Okay. You know, see, quiz you a little bit, get up and, you know, do, do a little cadence here and there. Learn more about yourself. That's kind of like, on those visits, they wanna learn more about the person. You know, they, they know about the football player, right? But they wanna learn more about the person, like your background, where you come from, you know, how was you raised?


Stuff like that. So that's kind of what I've been getting. And then from there, they really wanna see your football iq. Like what can you remember? Yeah. It's kind of like they, they, you know, they, they quiz you a little bit. So they just wanna see if you, a smart football player, especially being a quarter, you know, you gotta high have a high i football iq. So absolutely that. That's stuff like that that I kind of did when I was on visits. That's dope. As a, listen, I'm not male Kyber Jr. I'm not male ber Jr. I'm not, I'm not Cleo, but I have epiphany that for some reason you will end up with AP at the Raiders. Now I don't know how they going to jump all the way up to number two.


I'm not sure. I just think that's what's gonna happen. I'm telling you. So if you just so happen to be a Raider, I just wanna be the first one to get a jersey. I just wanna be the first one to get a jersey. I want you to sign It. So I'm, I'm gonna put it up back here and Oh, I'm, I'm excited for you man. I'm excited for you. I'm excited for you. I done ran, I done ran into you a couple of times, obviously. Yep. You know, you, you with my son over at, at a SU at one point. I'm, I'm excited man. It's, it is gonna be really dope to see you walk, walk across that stage, Man. I appreciate that. Since, since we're talking about the Raiders AP was the DC when you was at Arizona State, and this would be an opportunity if you were for, if you were, they made a move because obviously they're not gonna be, you are not gonna be there when they select.


So they're gonna have to jump over a lot of people to select you. What would that, what would you have a, you have, you know what it's like, you know, ap, you know, you know Yeah. How he is as a person. You know how he is as a coach. What would that be like to, to be re reunited with a guy that you was with at Arizona State? I dunno how they gonna pull it off, but I mean, that's above my pay grade man. But yeah, I wouldn't do it. I ain't trading, why would I give up that if you a Ational quarterback Jay? Yeah, I ain't giving that up. Hey man, just AP man ap just as a human being, as a, you know, he the right, he the right coach for that, for that team. You know, just him and the intensity it brings, you know, he challenges people.


He challenges me at 18. So I know, I know if I, if I was to go to a Raiders, I, I'm not saying I'm gonna go there. I wanna go there. You know, I wanna go wherever my name call. But if I was to go to raise, I know he gonna, as soon as I step foot, he gonna challenge me. He don't care how high I was drafted, none of that. You know, he gonna challenge me every day. So Have you thought about Go ahead, Ojo. Go Ahead. Oh yeah. I say when you think about what's very important for quarterbacks, especially coming out, coming out in the draft, you think about your situation at LSU, you look at your supporting cast that was around you, they make your job very easy. Malik Nabors. Yeah. And the rest of the receiving corps at number two, based on, again, I'm not male kuper, but they, they, they talk about Caleb Williams going first.


Obviously we'll be going to the Bears. The Yeah. The commanders are number two and I'm thinking you number two, period. Yeah. Look at the, look at the supporting cast that you have in dc They got some dogs over There. John. What? Jahan. Dotson. McLaren mc. McLaren. Man, listen, boy, boy, you gonna be in heaven. You, you gonna be in heaven. You, and I think it's, I think it's so imperative that you go to the right situation. So you have your receiving cord. Once you got a receiving cord and they with a bill around you and you can just be you. Yeah, man. But it's, it's going, I'm not saying it's gonna be a breeze, but I, I just know, I know the work you put in because it shows up on film.


So as a transition from college to the NFL is gonna be, it's gonna be awesome. It's gonna be awesome. Sure. Have you, have you thought, have you thought about the emotion that you could potentially feel when with the second pick or the third pick in the NFL draft? Second. Second such and such? It's gonna be second. Jade. Dad, I, You gonna cry? I dunno. I gotta, I gotta, man, you know, hopefully if I look at my mama, I know my mama gonna cry. My dad probably gonna cry too. So I dunno. Maybe if I look at them, they might gimme a little bit. Yeah. Nah, you gonna cry. You gonna cry. You gonna, you gonna be, yeah. You, you gonna be a meme. You gonna be a meme?


That's a lifetime, man. That's unbelievable. Jade. Much success, man. Thank you for jumping on with us tonight. We greatly, greatly appreciate it. Obviously doing what we do. We're gonna be play paying very close attention to your career, tell your family congratulations. Yeah. Appreciate and much success moving forward. Yes. Appreciate you Jay. Good to see you, boy, I love you. Boy, congratulations again, man. Man, appreciate you and gentlemen The Volume.


Here we go. Popeye's, here we go. What do we want? Popeye's Chicken Wings. Why do we want 'em? They're The official wing of watching football. What flavors are we going to get? All of them. Be More specific. Sweet And spicy signature. Hot roasted garlic Parmesan, honey barbecue, sweet and smokey Chipotle and honey Lemon pepper. When do we want 'em When We're watching the game. That's right. Gametime wing time. Woo. Let's go. That chicken from Pop's at participating us restaurants


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila For a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further, we've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway, You try to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.