
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Get ready for mission to Possible. The final reckoning, Tom Cruise strikes once again performing his own jaw. Drop his stunts from scaling some of the most complex and dangerous sequences. Cruise's dedication to thrilling action is unmatched with breathtaking locations like the Arctic, South Africa and the uk. This finale promises unforgettable moments, themes of loyalty, friendship, and sacrifice. Bring Ethan Hu's journey full circle. The cast is stellar, featuring Haley Atwell, Simon Peg, Ben Rains, Angela Bassett and more experience. Epic edge of your sea cinema. See Mission I possible the final reckoning in theaters May 23rd


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development Banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us, they are Washington. DC,


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled in one of the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself.


Member Week is here at Lowe's. Don't miss your chance to get up to 40% off hundreds of items like paint, outdoor and home essentials and more. Shop our exclusive deals happening in store and online now through May 14th, not a rewards member. Join for free today and get ready to save more Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details of lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change The Volume


From the play games all the way to the finals. Now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase score. Ready to place your first bet? Download Draftking Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus. Be instantly. Make it a playoff for us to remember with DraftKings. Download a DraftKings sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


What The hell? And You know what the dope part about it is? It's organic. Like you said, you ain't forcing it. Everybody fucking with it organically. They rocking with it. You ain't even gotta push it. It's on TikTok, it's on Instagram, it's at the game and it's dope. 'cause like you said, it ain't no I'm trying to beat this now we just putting the heat out and y'all gotta come and fuck with me on it. That's what I'm on. Nah, that's crazy. Nah, that's Hard bro. How, how did, what the hell they come about? Like what you, what was that process like making that song? Bullshitting? Bullshitting. The studio keeps saying what the hell, what the hell this nigga tripping? What the hell? What the hell? I said You know what bring here, because we were about to leave the studio like we actually walking out the door. I said Brenda, I got one more.


And I was like, man, just go see Hurry up, come on. And they played it all 'em came in the boot with me. That's how much we was leaving straight up. Mm. And I just say that shit in like five minutes and I swear I got it on video. Timestamp is five minutes. Damn You made that Song Five minutes bro. Five minutes. I was saying anything. Yeah. Hell Beyonce. Yeah. What, what Made you, What made you think Hella, what'd you say? Hell Burton. Hell, hell, hell, hell Bird, Hell listen. So I said what the, what the hell? The only one I came up with was hell Bryan, James, all them all them was saying say hell Bird, hell Berry, hell Burton. Hell Cyrus. I was, I was just saying what they were saying, the only one I came up was Helle Bryan James.


That is crazy bro. So, and that shit, that motherfucker going crazy And I see what the hell on. I said what the hell on? And then they I fuck with that. I do that. Yeah. What the hell on? For sure. Yeah. Hey What's crazy is seeing people change they names effort. Like all the songs, all the names it is people with they handles outta that shit. And it's funny as Hell. Hell yeah. That's people's shit. Now Did you think it was going catch the world like That? I did. Damn. How like how You know that though? Like that's My question. I just believe in myself. I just be believing in we got going on. Me and my friends liked it and we knew and I remember playing it, I remember playing it for G Herbo four months ago, four, five months ago.


Like man get on a remix because we had a remix to it. Like that's how much we had to remix five months ago. We knew it was going like, you feel what I'm saying? Right from the remix obviously isn't like gonna be more like crazy or nothing. But we had it already because I knew it was gonna go. I ain't know it was gonna go this far though. Mm. Can I ask You who you think gonna be On the remix? Justin Bieber. Damn Say Less Ddo got one big, Sean got one. Travis Scott got one? Yeah. Oh, thug got one. Oh He it's up. Aw damn. Yeah it's Up. No this, this, it's to the moon bro. It's up. That's what I'm saying. Like this, like this might be crazy.


Yeah this to the moon bro. That's A hell of a lot. Pretty guy. This shit keep going for you. That's on. Alright man, listen Show I'm about To make a remix. Look, let me Fly ain't even out yet and it's already about to go platinum. Just off that, off the gate. Just Up. Let me fly. You know what's fun like let me find, already gonna be that like number one song is drop without the remixes. Like I got it because at the same I was, I it's a, it's singles before you drop a album. Yes sir. So on that Monday will call the B. Yeah. Was Z Baby with Lil Wayne? Yeah them on them. That's on Lemme Fly. Oh that's already it because it's a single singles to the project. What the hell is like, You know what I'm saying? Like that's crazy. You starting off as hitters my boy.


But the Screams gonna translate to straight to the album as soon as it drop. Yeah They gotta come with that paper boy Already Platinum. Now Listen, they gotta come with that bag Now. You know we told you that he's a chef over here also. My man's got the bars as Well. Hell yeah. We got a song We gotta get you on a remix man. We got the kin Jerk. Whatever y'all Want. Let's get it. So now come on let's my boy hold on My Boy Sonny Digital, we going, You know get the song right 'cause he created, I made a song on the rack on Rex Beat. Right, right. Yeah This was years ago. Was years Ago. 2012. Yeah I was, I was the real what the Hellie for real back in the day. Yeah you said Man the ing Jerk. It's called Er and Jerk.


What that mean? It's the bottle like E and J the OG though. But yeah bro We Right here with it. We play it sound like music I'm putting you on. I, I gotta go Master Twerk and I mean shout to my dog Travis Porter. They putting it together for hell going I Got you bro.


I fuck with that bitch M So my nigga Rob said he gonna get on Remix er Jerk Fry you, you gotta do another version. Not gonna lie. You gotta help Nigga you gotta help. You gotta go, You gotta go rep Beside we got, We gotta find one with the name similar to it though man. You Similar right. Kin jerk Boot Er is like bottom of the like crack head outside a gas station. Like Yeah but see that's why we gotta go to the hood and shoot it bro.


But that's what we niggas was drinking. No one will get his. He had the bottom In his head. It was Listen you were drunk. It's no liquor in the bottle. 'cause it doesn't, I made it after the bottle was Hey on press, press this is funniest a listen, listen he he about blow up off the jail. He thinks this the video that's gonna do it.


My hey the funny, the Part about this shit is The girls who drink e and j you probably don't want them in video. You don't want them in the video. That's what I'm saying. He's talking about he gonna shoot a video outside the store bro these are crackhead eat chicks. Like this is, that's why I'm gonna just send it to you via email. I don't want you in the video. You two big for me. This like this, this I got a piss looker like, hey shit, like shit piss everywhere. Like yeah nigga fuck pull over nigga on the highway, fuck the, she don't have a car like this.


Me over man is fucked up man. Oh man, the Jerk make them girls Swe classy man. Tap in man. I wanna ask you this question, obviously, You know what I'm saying, super talented. What's more fun for you? Making the music or performing it? Making it, making it, performing it. Performing it when they know it. Okay. Because it's just like the image is unmatched. I don't, it match when you see the translation to what you, what you thought about in the studio. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So yeah, performing for real when they know it. What's that first time where you seen like everybody seen your song and you like, man can you, do you remember that first time?


I remember it was, it was them. A lot of people if they see this, they're not even gonna think. I I, there was the moment that I felt like that, but The Saints played, the Saints played the Falcons in Atlanta and Emon James had a Emon. James and Larry Murrow had a, had an after party and they, and they played V Island and the whole club sunk it. And I, I, I look at the video to this day and it just gimme the chills because man that show you how much sitting behind you and that's the one, that's the one time that I seen that. I ain't never seen that after that. I you a Saints fan, Brother Saints go o for whatever, how many games they play.


I'm a real doc. I used to be outside my Saints games selling waters when I was 10 years old I used to go get the whole pack of water and go and my grandma gumbo pot put the ice on my refrigerator in that motherfucker, throw it in there and go walk to the stadium and sell and sell water. All right nigga, how much was you charging? A dollar. Oh you wasn't even tax. Nah you wasn't, ain't Atlanta They taxing right now? Yeah, them $8 of water. Damn. I was a fucking water boy before Water Boys thinking about it. Atlanta water was Taxing. I was, I was in Atlanta not too long ago. Charge three 50. I said Them niggas so fucked up. They want you to give 20 Nigga said gimme two for 20.


Bro Said come on we with one water in their hand. He Said you the Benz bro. What's up? What's up? Beat it. Hey this broke as nigga ain't got no Ahoe ahoe shot dollar bro. Give all 20 kids. Oh God. I'll tell you something. Look. So we was, I was far, I was like two miles away from my crib. I only had like 12 waters on me and the college was on the end of the year trip and they tried to buy the water. My whole case. They said we got, we need 24, we 30 waters. Man we ran ran all the way home two miles go get them waters for them for 24.


Yeah I was, Y'all Gonna have to get out them water. You gotta get that out the bus. My uncle, my uncle had just got out jail. He, he had was done like 10 years. He can't home like y'all selling water. Oh we gonna get y'all pack of water, we're gonna get y'all pack. So he had bought us so many packs of waters. So we just had the business stock. Dang. Ran and got em Hustle. Just take that eight I had on me. I ain't going two miles bro. Two miles Crazy boy. When you gotta split that shit three ways. Yeah. Get On me. I, I I everybody gotta eat. If we go back to the grid Man, everybody nigga and you gonna selfish niggas That's me.


I I I'm selfish niggas it been like look them my waters nigga real. You got selfish nigga that you gonna have to fight behind this money. Go get that fucking water. Like you say you had, you had granny gumbo pot. Hey listen I got the treasure chest, You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna eat a little bit more to cut. I got the facilities and That part D too so I know them waters was ice cold. It was was cold. That fucking power was so heavy bro. Thank you. Thank you. That's what I'm saying. Y'all was walking in motherfucker bro. Oh my god. Did granny know you took the gumbo pot? 'cause I know black women don't play about them kissing utils in the, You know what I'm saying? You gotta, you gotta have that on Standby. The grandma grandma passed yet when we was sitting no water, she was still alive. She 10, she stayed with us. Oh Okay. Oh yeah y'all was locked in.


Shout out to girl. You still got that pot. You still got that pot huh? And this probably some heat coming out that pot. Oh that Pot gotta go. Got that pot nigga. And the funny thing about is in the black community, everybody got that pot as been Man everybody beat up that pot. All the dents at the bottom shit on me cook right On my mama bro. But You know if it's something in there is fucking fire. You ain't got question Cabbage in that bitch egg Nogging that bitch, that bitch is a univers eggnog Egg. Real shit. What I'm fed. I'm say my nigga is chef right. Yeah you a chef so Yeah.


Yeah but he can't cook for real. What the fuck This, this. No lemme stop. He always be doing that shit now. Where you want to go? No, no, no, no. Take it off. I cook better than you. Who or mine? I nigga I'll come, I was inside 13 years old making my own sauces. Nah I ain't gonna lie. Fired Up making real fried chicken like no and I Think you from New Orleans, you from the south. I fuck with that. But we can have a cookoff. Nah he can really cook. I ain't Gonna lie. Believe you, I believe you. We can Have a legit Nah we can do that one nigga throw down though. I ain't gonna hit one. Never trust a skinny show A skinny fashion for real nigga ain't stood up yet.


Hold My watch you all day. Yeah Look at him. Nah we appreciate y'all boys for sure got into the gang for sure. Nah Nigga like a badass Child Who need to be inside.


I fought with that like y'all y'all cool people y'all but, but speaking about the food man to me the Orleans is my favorite city. On earth is the best place. Don't be making up lines because I'm here. I Swear to God my favorite city without you. I pull up there just to eat bro. Yeah we say this my favorite city on earth. Start Right there. Yeah. To eat his favorite city. Yeah. Stop no to eat my son. I see his favorite city period. No I love no, no, no. He talking About to eat Eat. No, I love New Orleans bro. I've been to Orleans most of the time just to go. I love the vibes under there. The food is lying. I love new, what the hell to God bro. Love New Orleans. What the hell?


I can't really explain too much on here but we talk about that for sure. Oh for Sure. Give it to Me Orleans. That's for sure. I ain't gonna lie. I fuck with New Orleans food. It ain't my favorite city. But they food as Far New Orleans got the baddest woman in the world though, believe it or not. You think so? I'm telling you because they got bad hood shit. Mm. Like the, the motherfuckers who keep it real like a girl in New Orleans gonna tell you. Yeah dude gave me chlamydia. I cleared that shit up like I ain't never did it again. Like da da and, and I got two cheering but I take care of myself a baby that ain't nothing. He be breaking in my house sometimes like they gonna get you the whole rundown right. Oh they do that here? Oh yeah. I say I Indianapolis rob.


That's Conversation. Everybody Fucking, I had It class two weeks ago. It's gone. Here go my paperwork trying to go or not welcome to still we're the paperwork is crazy that that's not, yeah that's Yes nigga I this nigga man I love this nigga waiting for yeah we got ghetto ratchet shit here girl. This girl Don't lemme forget what I just said. Yeah Listen I was saying remind Be Indianapolis, check his Twitter Girl coach Funny as hell Man.


Oh man, that's crazy. Listen man, obviously man the music talented as hell man. We are huge, huge Lil Wayne fans here man. So what's it like man to get the man from your city on y'all song and it go crazy? What's that feeling Like? You know it's funny man. High school in like 10th grade we had a a camera class we used to be having to interview each other. They're like what you want to be interviewed as today? I said interview me as a rapper. They like How was your his song with L Wayne? I got it in my phone. How was your hit song with L Wayne? We made a hit song. Me l Wayne da da and I couldn't believe we did it and it was a video hard and da da shit like that shit like down the speed that shit into existence.


I'm 16 on hit 17 on here telling the motherfucker yeah I got his song with L Wayne. I never been in a studio. Damn in my life. Like damn that's crazy, crazy shit. No that's horrible how that shit come to like life. Yeah that shit feel crazy to me. It's a goat to me like You know. Nah crazy. Hell yeah Bro. That's Wayne like a lot of people You know I'm saying yore. They may not know it bro. That's Lil Wayne Bro. Nah Wayne fucker be forgetting he the reason we wearing skinny pants right now. That's a fact. Nah got face Billy video only had the red skinny legs on. Come on bro. Tats on they face. You feel I'm saying All that shit was Wayne. Wayne had influenced like Iverson had on athletes a hundred percent Facts. He The Allen Iversson of the end of the rap game.


Nah. Thousand percent. Nah, that nigga is him for sure. Is this somebody that you wanna work with that you ain't stepped in the studio with yet? I don't work with nobody who ain't work with You. Got your list is crazy. That's why I asked You got long Ass list. I'm just on some shit like man we gotta make all these nigga one work with us. Yeah, that's okay. There you go. Yeah. You feel me? Yeah, yeah.


Get ready for mission. I possible the final reckoning Tom Cruise continues to astonish artist his worldwide performing his own jaw dropping stunts that push the limits of action cinema from unbelievable nessy scenes cruises, unparalleled commitment to deliver and thrilling high octane entertainment is unmatched. And this epic finale promises to be bigger, bolder, and even more attest than before. For almost 30 years, the mission of possible franchise has redefined action movies, keeping audiences on the edge of their seats. And this latest chapter is shaping me up to be the most ambitious yet with colossal stakes, explosive action and breathtaking locations including the Arctic, South Africa and the uk. The film promises is an unforgettable journey. The story delves deep into themes of friendship, loyalty, and sacrifice. Offering a powerful culmination to Ethan Hunt's heroic saga across seven Iconic films. The cast is extraordinary. Reuniting stars like Haley Atwell, Simon Pig, V Rains, Angela Bassett and more alongside Cruz. This blockbuster cinema at its peak at movie made for the big screen. See Mission Impossible, the final reckoning in theaters May 23rd


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us, they are Washington DC.


So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are it back to the og cool rush cent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Your mental health matters and there are things that take place every single day that could test those limits. Therapy has evolved. It's not for quote unquote people who are crazy, but for everyday people who could use a little bit of help, like me and you, mental health awareness is growing but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent survey say they have avoided seeking mental health support due to the fear of judgment. And when you hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect you. It affects our friends and families. This mental health awareness month, let's encourage everyone to take care of the wellbeing and break the stigma. The world is better when people are healthy and happy. I myself can testify and say I have benefited from therapy as well. Sometimes having an extra set of ears can make the world of a difference. And listen, BetterHelp has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapist from a diverse network of over 30,000 likes and professionals. In addition, BetterHelp us fully online, convenient, also affordable, serving over 5 million people worldwide. And listen, if you give it a try and you and your therapist are involved the right way, we can get you with the right professional and no extra cost. We're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash club to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/club for sure.


Man. Listen, we all, You know what I'm saying, we a little bit older than you. We all grew up in like the like the prime, not play prime but like the certainness to like the south. Especially like New Orleans music. Yeah. Who influenced you early on in the city? Lil Wayne. Of course. Yeah. That's one of our goats. We got a couple like, like local rappers. I know people don't know but like, like Flame game flow. Nino, Calvin, I was on them heavy. Like C four trail, B mg pound. That's probably it. Like for real. Okay. I don't, I dunno, I nothing like nigga from the Orleans who I actually like I used to listen to besides them. What made you pick up a mic?


Just going through a lot of shit, You know what I'm saying? Like my whole life. Yeah I had, I really was in a dark place at the time. I was in inside on house. Right. And shit can't go outside. My partner, I had to be inside at like nine at night when my partner used to begin the studio. So he had pull up come get me, we go to the studio time I go back and sign shit till one day he was making a song. I'm like man this shit trash. He like man you make something. And I'm the one like I'm the one really from the project. I'm the one like, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm the, I'm the real one in in, in my friend group that's like the real trench one. So I wound up saying the real like in it was my life for real. He like man this shit sound crazy.


Everybody come back like nigga hard. And so we, they just kept going from there. All us kept going. What year was that? That was in 2020. Oh Damn. Damn That shit damn happened fast Now That shit happened fast. I made, I made a song called Boston Island 2021. Nah that's that shit. That was 20, that was one year after I, I started rapping. You started rapping during Covid? Yeah, during Covid. Damn. So what's that like then? Like if you, you said you started rapping in Covid one year. That one year you really just showing your friend up. Really like nigga you trash nigga I can rap for real. Nah, I ain't even trying. And then yeah to get on a record Virtual island and then have virtual, virtual island two And you, I'm looking on YouTube the other day you got 50 million views.


Nah fact though. Like What's that like in one year that had that kind of momentum? Man I don't know but I always knew I was gonna like make it doing something like that's all I know. You know what I'm saying? And I wanted to try to do everything. It was never, this was never my end all be all. Like this was some shit. I was just trying right quick. Nothing like you would get your CDL right quick. Do it for three months now you won't go work at Subway. Like, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's what this rap shit was for me. Like if it ain't work out quick, I was gonna just move on to the next shift. So I don't wanna move around too much but like, You know what I'm saying, obviously doing the due diligence stuff I saw, You know what I'm saying? Like you well vested like you got a, a lot of different things you worked in, You know what I'm saying? Like you said Yeah. Into that industry. Also some other stuff off all the rap. What's some of the things you are interested in and stuff you'd like to invest in?


I've been buying houses. Okay. I've been working on my clothing brand. We're supposed to be doing like a event for fashion week and stuff like that. I seen you, I seen you with that. Tommy Hilfiger you. Yeah. Yeah I got some artists. I got some producers. I got a cologne that I've been working on. I definitely peep that. What's the name of the cologne Man? Some metal. Okay. What else I got? You gonna send us something? I just bought a, I just bought a hookah lounge. Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah you got it right up here. Oh say less bet. That's what we doing in Say less to, We got the, we got one of the best hook lines in New Orleans right now. It's called the next. Like I'm not just saying this to say this, I'll show you I was rid of that so, and I on a hundred percent.


It's not mine. I ain't got no part in nothing. Like yeah I all the way in so I ain't gonna lie. I've been doing a lot of this stuff that like, it's really like, it is really like risk for real. You know what I'm saying? But everything is a risk. Everything is like, it could be an epic feel or epic succession. Like yeah You only gonna fight up. You take the Risk you feel Chances make champions might be for sure. And that's what I've been on. For real. Alright man. Diversify the bonds ain. Nothing wrong with it. Be here man. You said before the rap career man we, we learned some initial facts man. You know what I'm saying? You were in school? Yeah. What? Yeah, I went to school. Nursing school. Yeah. Nah, see y'all gotta stop that. I say I I can't. You went to college. Who went to college?


I went to college. Y'all, y'all know what the pre-req is? Yeah, I was still doing my pre-reqs. So when people say in nursing school, I'd be like, come on man. Like don't gimme that much credit. Like Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I, my pre-req for real. But I had, I really went to the army first. I went to the army. I went to the army straight outta college. Straight outta high school to get to go to college get, because I knew my mama wasn't gonna pay for it. Nothing. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I ain't gonna be in depth with FAFSA or nothing like that. So I'm like man, fuck it, I'll go through this, whatever. So I wound up doing that. I went to school and I actually started rapping like, like the, like I used to be making songs in my dorm like right before Covid.


And they kicked us outta the dorm and that's when I actually started rapping and I then we gotta go back and I just dropped out. I was like, fuck it. Rap started working to live. So You was at Southerner right? Yeah, I was at Southerner. How was That vibe on campus? I love southern man. Yeah. I had wind up. I ain't had nowhere to stay at shit. I was, I was really sleeping on my, in my, in my partner dorm flow. 'cause I had wound up losing my apartment and shit like that. And he out there, I was sleeping in, they in in, they in they dorm like You know in the dorm when we got the common area. Oh yeah. Outside everybody room area. Dirty as a motherfucker. Everybody, I was just sleeping in that every night I would get a cover or something, go put my shit on.


It's crazy that, that, that happened like that for me. But You know, it's dope though. They still with you and that's before that for, so You know that that's, that's that's family For sure. For sure. You ain't, they ain't no new niggas they been around. Nah, they're my niggas for sure. Yeah. Nah. Damn. Like to think like that. Ah. 'cause I remember that I went to college and I, I had the moments. I ain't sleep Where you at? The common area. I had a dorm. But to see them moments and then to see where you at now you go on stage and it's, If you, if you imagine that Yeah, like, like you can imagine it 'cause You know what a common area is. Yeah. Yeah. In the, in the dorm room. Like in, in the b this like man hell nah. Nah. That's what I'm saying. Like, like if you would, if I would've seen you and I walked by, I like what this nigga doing. And then couple years later I'm like probably at your concert.


Like I wouldn't be believing that's the nigga that was sleeping on the dorm. Yeah. That's crazy. And that's exactly how life went. Yeah. When was that time that you like felt like you finally made it though? I don't, I never did. I never, I still don't. Right now we got so much more to go to 2% of a hundred. Yeah. Yeah. Real talk. You know it's funny when they asked me like man you wanna do the podcast? I'm like nah. Like they want me there. Like I don't wanna go there if they like really don't want me there. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like So you probably won't remember you did a concert here and you came That's when I, that's when I was like, we was like fan. We was like, and we fuck that nigga. You came like you was late. Oh remember the fairgrounds?


And you still came. It was like people was leaving. You was like fuck it, I'm late. I'm and they ran back in when they heard your voice. We was there. Was there bro we were standing right there. We like you was actually obviously you was rushing. So we was like man we gonna get this nigga attention. We fuck with his music. We was gonna holler at him but you came on stage. We stayed there. They was like, he on his way, he coming, he pulling up. We like shit we ain't gonna leave. We gonna wait till bro get on stage. We gonna, we gotta see what bro talking about. We fuck with it. Yeah. It was a Crazy day because that's the first day we linked with skill too. Yeah. So we was like oh yeah we gonna get all like that's crazy. Yeah that's That concert knew was the one though because like this is a tough city bro. Yeah. And they get shitty when artists don't pull up. Yeah. So when they found out they like damn we done waited on Rob.


As soon as you came out doing your shit, they was running sprinting back. Yeah damn to get that. And I was like damn. He had real one was still pulling up. We still pulling up. Nah, straight up was there. I I wish I would've been me off for me 'cause I was so scared to come here like because I be wanting to feel wanted in places I go Ah nah I love Bro Man I just, I don't, I wanna go around. People fuck with me Fred. They like hell yeah they fuck. I'm like let's do it then we do it tonight. Nah. Yeah because really was debating on doing it tonight. I'm like man I'm just go back to my hotel because I be, I don't know. I be thinking nigga don't really fuck with a nigga like that but She is. Nah bro, Nigga my wife fuck with you. I tell her we about to do. She's like what the hell? I said, Hey ain't chill out bro.


Ain't chill out baby. I do too much now. You know what I'm saying? That's what I'm saying bro. I'm, I'm at the game, You know what I'm saying? They had you courtside I seen the energy. I'm like hey, we don't be too familiar with with people outside the city. Something for the, for the Pacers to show love for the Show Love. Right. Come on man. I Ain't gonna lie. I wasn't expecting that brother. That was crazy to me. Yeah, like because it wasn't just, it ain't just looking like that on social media. It was like that in the arena. Everybody like, oh shit. I'm like Yeah bro, Y'all know me motherfucker. Yeah You know when you do that let's go. Yeah They was in there the whole thing. I'm saying what the hell Is Yeah that's hard. I'm like what the hell?


That Was crazy to me bro. Yeah, That's hard. Yeah you see the pic right there? I got my boy to cut some jersey. Man I'm mad as hell because I, I told him take my picture again. Go all the way down. Go the way down Cookout go zoom in. Zoom into my feet. Your feet Zoom to my feet gang. Anytime Mike before me. You see what I'm saying? You know that again I to God's not the posted. You know what This nigga hit me.


You know you trying to get that, that that cookout play. Make sure it on too. I'm Saying whole time I had to put my phone in my mama. I'm like my hope, my phone look like a, I look like shitter. Oh we got, we got a, we got a special interest today to work. First of all, hold on. Niggas is out pocket niggas is late to work and hey man man the fuck you get that basketball. Oh Nigga that's my is oh my god.


Travis' at 0.4 a picture. My boy came with the headband. First of all he got, he do got the ball collector head band with the BBC ball and not before Christ Real BC Yo man what the fuck, where the fuck you get that jersey from? Shout to my people. Digs fall too. Had to get my boy mouth. I lost a bit. Oh you got the badge socks too? Yeah. Oh the na. Oh the Jersey socks is wicked.


Yeah bro, It a jersey socks The Jersey. So yeah. So shout to the, alright shout to Mel. This is for you bro. We, we had a bed last year and I'm, I'm owning up tour it bro. Man No undershirts class. Shout to be here. A man in his word man is owning up the bag. I didn't know it was going this far because I seen B Swift tag. You He said pay what you weigh. Oh yeah. I didn't know he was gonna show up like this man. Yeah man this shit cost but You know, I mean shout to a good old. Yeah you throw Some fresh white Ones with too. Oh what the laces? Where Did he called? White shorts nigga I've never seen white shorts. Well shout out to my guy at Dick's. He helped me get this but I forgot your name buddy Right off of putting it together.


Being my stylist for the day. The Personal shopper at Dix is crazy that, You know what's crazy when I walked in though he was like you you always coming here but I know what you're coming for. The pastry shit is over there. Damn. That's crazy. Yeah. So I'm like, he directed me to it. I said I need the mouse jersey. You got me right bro. That's what shout Man. Shout out to the white headband though man. Yeah. Who shout that This A good dude got a white head. This was a part of that as well. Man. Shout to my accessories bro. I fuck with it. I fuck With it. Shout to be here man. Man and his right opinion. His jacket as AAU season. I wanted to ask how y'all feel about like the state of like summer basketball because like it's so crazy now.


Like you got more famous kids in AAU than like people actually going to the league or like going D one. What's it like I know you, you pull up to every event. I know you've been live with it as a coach. How do you like keep your kids heads like okay I know this is summer basketball. I know it's lit. I know it's amazing but stay locked the fuck in. I love it. I was a a U kid growing up so I played aau. I love it And I know that A A U is where you get recruited for real. For real. Yeah. You gonna play high level talent, you gonna play people the same size as you if you 6, 8, 16, whatever it is. I love it. The only thing that I hate about a a U basketball is that for Indiana high school basketball it don't translate 'cause we gonna got shot clocks and all that shit or whatever.


But I love it though. I love seeing these kids be able to go out there, be entertaining, be stars, like build you a brand. 'cause now in college you gotta be a brand Max. So if you can learn how to do that early, at an early age in high school Yeah you still gotta put in the work. That's the part I don't get like people become famous and now putting the work and I not to discredit Mikey Williams or nothing. He playing for my dog Mike Bibby in Sacramento state. Yo C shout to Mikey Williams. Hope he get everything going but to have that much Fame and not live up to it right now. You know 'cause he going in even though he got into some trouble and shit, whatever. But that's the kind of shit that can happen 'cause you got so much Fame. Yeah. Like you start feeling yourself a little more and you feel invincible.


Yeah. It's like being in the NBA at a at a young age because when you feeling you in the NBA you feel invincible. Like nothing can go wrong. Can't nobody fuck with me, can't nobody do nothing. And that's when you get into that shit. Yeah. And if you getting that at a high school age, it's tough because a lot of shit go wrong in high school. Especially Now you got these kids getting bags in high school like real, real bags different now. Yeah Now that's why LeBron say keep the main thing the main thing though. That's a fact. That's his main reason for even saying this shit. That's a fact. You live and die by that. I like it though. 'cause the kids really a lot of kids don't really get to showcase they real skills in 'cause to me school ball it's not whack but it's a different brand of basketball.


Especially when you the star on the team like and it's a bunch of other stars around you. It's kind of hard. So to see these kids get their own au team and rock out, I'm talking about the kids that work hard not the yeah we ain't talking about bullshit obviously. But yeah I fuck with it for that though. And I credit even for you 'cause like obviously you was cold but like at high school like pike was loaded, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You played team ball, you did what you're supposed to do. But like hey you gotta show like I'm really this I can show my full arsenal. Yeah A a u is a place where you like you show, you show your true game at high school. It's too system. I ain't gonna say system 'cause some people let you hoop like my senior year I got to hoop, You know what I mean? But it's like a pecking order kind of. You know what I mean?


Yeah. So you, if you play a A U and you getting off at 15 u, you doing your thing, you showing your skillset. You might go to your high school and it's gonna be a dude that plays 17 senior or whatever. You might not get that same love. Yeah. People know you cold but you might not be able to get to do all the shit you do in AAU in your 15 U team. 'cause this dude 18 and he might play 17 U-E-Y-B-L you play 15. It is a difference. So You know it's a pecking order in high school. Regular high school basketball. But A A U is just where you get to show your real true self. You playing at eight in the morning. It ain't no practices, it ain't no scouting reports crazy. It is just hooping and just seeing who just got raw game. But a lot of it don't translate.


That's why the coldest people in a A u they don't be that good in college. Structure. Structure scouting reports force some left force some. Right. That's why it also matters where you choose to go to the next level too though. Most definitely. But it also matter what you play high school basketball. Because if you play a A U and you cold right And then you go to high school basketball and that team let you do whatever you wanna do. We got the best player in the world and he get to just shoot fade away threes you could do whatever fuck you want. They lose. They, it don't matter. It's a high life for this kid when he go to college and college coaches, they gonna tell you everything you want to hear to get you there.


Yeah. Once you get there they don't give a fuck. Yeah some people recruit kids just so they don't gotta go against them. There's definitely learning curve for sure. So then when you get there and it's like well you knew how I played. Well motherfucker we thought we could mo you. We can't mo you. Fuck it, it's over. You lost a year. Yeah And everybody hit that transfer portal and all that shit. Now your career didn't start off on a rocky road because you ain't had no discipline from your high school coach a a u You never gonna get that discipline. It's, it ain't enough time. Yeah. Nobody gotta hold you accountable. Y'all play at eight in the morning. You play for a team that's based out of California. You live in Utah or you live in Indiana?


Your team based outta Indiana. You live in Cleveland? Yep. You ain't coming to no practice, you pulling up to the games, play do your shit and leave. No, that's that's for sure ain Nobody really giving a damn about the wins and losses. No, come on now it's hard. Average of 30 during high school and having to go to college and average four. That could be a long, that's what's gonna truly gonna happen. 'cause your coach lets you do whatever. That's why. And not to even speak on Pike, but that's why we try to simulate college atmosphere and simulate like, hey you gotta learn how to play with other good people and do all this stuff because when you get to college, you ain't getting 20 shots. Yeah. It's a senior or a junior or now a 25-year-old who been doing this for six years. That's cold facts. You ain't about to come in as a freshman and get 20 shots and, And I l he get paid 1.2 million.


He's definitely getting 20 shots. Ain't no way you can check right from his Touches, bro. Let's let's be realistic out today. Yeah. Not for sure man. Hey you season kicking off man. Can't wait to pull some, some, some events man. We be outside today c shout to our, what's our new segment about to be called the morning show on the rise. On on The rise man. So show these youngen some love man. It's a lot of talent out here. Need some exposure. We gonna do our best to make sure everybody see it For sure. Alright man, we told y'all one more time before we get outta here. 5 17, 5 20 day. Pull up back now Man. Look at this nigga going crazy. You know what I'm saying? Be here. Tap in My boy. I told y'all bro. Deandre Hunter Brian Pumper. Travis Hunter S four. Right. You know the fucking vibes. Get the bros out. Four. I did wanna say one more thing before we leave.


Say it bro. Yolanda's husband's name. Hey, you was talking about she has a husband and she Married. Yeah, he's he's he's the father of her two youngest who she did all the tests with looking for. I told you. Look, you both a Jeff t lock it in. Fuck it. I tried to look at you or a fucking loser. Tyrell. Tyrell. The one I was saying about Tyrell Parker. His nickname is Mr. Pretty toenails Mr. Pretty toenails. And on that note, we will be getting the fuck outta here talking to Mr. To, but we we, we would've got cancer. No, go ahead. Hey temp. No. Fuck no. He's he's clearly a pimp. Y'all a of he a pimp. He's clearly a pimp.


They got married in a purple suit. He got a purple hood. Oh, he's a gangster Mr. Pretty Mr. Pretty toenails. Yeah. He's damn, he's pimping. I feel like he might be the reason she's not sure. Barbara said a prostitute is crazy. I mean what? She probably just like the fuck babe feel. She, he might be the reason she's not sure. Lot of times that's not no fun in that when you live that life, a collection of Live the life you wanna live. We getting the fuck outta here. We're here now. Yeah. Tell tell the motherfucker You're on a road. Go ahead Out Yeah out. Why you talking to fuck one nigga 17 times opposed to telling the girl to fuck 17 niggas? I mean shit. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm encouraged that too.


Like I'd rather you fuck one nigga too many times. I mean no we do of course. But I'm saying a lot of girls love two shoes bro. She could have played. Alright, well we out here. No, no, we talking what do we She's Thomas train pbs.


The Volume some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington DC


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause? And the use of oral contraceptives? Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh optive mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. Refresh Optiv mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop aisle at all major retailers


Here at the Almond Joy factory where tropical vibes are abound. We use soft, fresh tasting, coconut, the crunchiest, almonds, and delicious chocolate candy. Ah, but do You know what our most important ingredient is? Sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes you don't. Almond choice got nuts. And something, something even way better than that with almond, you're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.