
This is an iHeart podcast.


Meta AI is the personal AI that's tailored to you now with its very own app. It's built to get to know you, offering helpful answers and inspiration, looking for something to add to your bucket list. Meta AI goes beyond traveling the world. It remembers your basketball fanatic and suggests you attend one of the playoff games. Just start typing or speaking to get the answers you need, wherever and whenever, because meta AI is your personal ai. Download the Meta AI app now available on the Apple App Store. And Google. Google Play.


Some stands for So others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington. DC.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypno, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


This Father's Day at Lowe's. Score free gifts for the greatest dad. Right now get a free select DeWalt craftsman or cobalt tool with purchase of a select battery kit. Plus get a free Warner two foot aluminum ladder when you buy an eight foot fiberglass ladder. Shop these deals and more this Father's Day at Lowe's. We help you save valid through six 15 while supplies last. Selection mirror is by location.


The volume. All your favorite street niggas that died had their funeral at Friendship for free. Your favorite street Facts, your favorite trapper in their wedding? Yeah. Wedding. Yes bro. The same nigga that got married in here died at this motherfucking too. He didn't die there. I'm just saying when it was Tom mama know he did. Yeah, I know mama. Oh some real shit. This is RIP so his his his brother gonna be mad at me. But this is a real shit, bro. Went to his funeral, bro. On everything. His wedding picture, You know when they, when you die your casket, they got all your cool pictures around you.


Yeah, bro. His picture from his wedding was there. Bro. It's sad. It is crazy bro. It is. I I, I, I know stories like this and my collage make it better. Honestly. This is my time. Don't put my wedding picture up here. This is about me. Alright. This we didn't both go so the guys though. This is dark. But what, what do you wanna wear when you, when you get fresh in your casket bro? I gotta have to put on bro. I Gotta have, bro, How you going Sh just put up, just put a shirt on me. T-shirt? Yeah That's it. I'm talking about bro, this a t-shirt and some jeans. I'm cool. Okay. I ain't trying to get fresh. He said Keep the bottom.


So you just wanna act the door shirt up. Have y'all seen those at 95? You just want a t-shirt Don? That I just want tee you bro. I don't want no suit Bro. What you wear? What? Because that people don't sweat. But I know nigga be hot. Burn me up 95 burn up. Yeah. Pre at me bro. Yeah, burn me up. I'm I'm dead. I don't give a fuck bro. No, I don't want nobody pay all that stuff for no fucking funeral. I agree bro. It's a waste of money bro. I'm dead bro. I don't care. I want my girl to kiss me on a lips bro. She not gonna a lip Send me out here with a put your tongue in. Gimme a little tongue Dude. I'm trying to save money like I'm nothing bro.


Fact, and I'm gonna tell everybody before I die I'm spending every, if I got, if I died I got $7 million left. I swear to God and like at 94 I'm going crazy. I'm gonna buy a Lambo. I'm buying everything. I ain't leaving nothing for nobody. You gotta Get how you live. What if I got some kids they gonna get I'm leaving. You still at that old Damn, We gonna leave a hundred bed hundred. I ain't my mama dad didn't gimme nut. See we trying to change the cycle to In pocket. Yeah, he's outta pocket at 94 bro. You better hope you still sing to do that type of stuff. Oh, if I ain't, I'm gonna write it down. I I want to buy Lamborghini bro. Once The motherfucker I start changing me gone just yeah, gimme the poison.


Yeah bro. Nah bro, I'm, I'm trying to lift. I'm 90, I'm gonna do everything in my power. Give me the lean bro. I'm saying but what if a motherfucker gotta change you and pick you up. Right. Yeah. You Ain't gotta do that. Don't come over here. I mean how are you gonna function bro? That Pay somebody? Yeah, when I become a nuisance I don't need my kids. I don't need no cousins, no nephews, nieces. No, I don't give a damn who it is. I don't want nobody doing that to me bro. Lifting me up every day bro. Changing my diaper dude. Because I want, I wanna be, I told you I want everybody come to my house and I just wanna talk a bunch of shit to 'em. Like boy you ain't gonna be worth shit. Look at you. I I want, I just wanna sit there and just talk bad to everybody. That's no that's gonna be Mike at 91st and he Gonna be like, he gonna be like ghosts at the end of power with in the last episode.


He said You know what, you always needed me. That's why he ain't gonna be shit. He disrespected everybody. That's what I want. That's why T smoked that nigga. He disrespected Everybody. Y'all see why I get married the nigga at the end we told at the table that's Mike at 90. Damn. You Know what I'm saying? I'm gonna go crazy. That's one of the best scenes in movie history. I don't know if y'all seen the Taraji Henson movie on Netflix. Please watch it. We'll talk it next episode is crazy. But that's one of the best ISOs of history. He sat at that table with e every but he's all niggas snitching on me from my side. Bitch be we gonna have a time tonight For The clip nigga. What gonna wear though? What you wanna put on? Oh I'm gonna be 90. I I'm gonna retire my Hawks jersey. Oh yeah go burn That Could never Give it up man.


Wait. Zero double zero zero Okay. Zero B With a shirt on under no A Headband look like that nigga soaking in the bathtub. What a dead nigga look like with no shirt on? That nigga probably look crazy. Nigga Look like did pull underneath that motherfucker costume. Nigga. I Wonder why motherfuckers turned gray nigga. My uncle was gray in the motherfucker. I said damn nigga I ain't do so like that. My uncle was light-skinned man God bless his damn Kenny. I said damn. Hey nigga. They said Fucka bought me fool nigga Look until sweat shit nigga.


Hey man, What's wrong with you? Hey speaking of film shit, did you see the Davis brothers joke here? Albright after the fight somebody got some junk. Yeah the boxers. Oh Yeah I was, I said, I said that's some Jeff and Mooch shit right there. Oh no for sure. Oh yeah. There's no fair fights when we around y'all can cancel Christmas. If you ever think y'all about a fight 1 0 1 0 1 you a damn fool and don't let our friends be there. Oh yeah but I don't, I don't, I ain't into no confrontation no more, no vibe now. But I thought that that was hilarious. He's sitting you my brother him we gonna see you. Yeah. Facts. Did Y'all get the chance to check out the Bees and Lynch One-on-one? Unfortunately I did watch that bro. Yeah it went how we expected.


I knew it was too much fouling bro. I watched like 30 seconds bro. It was but god damn bro. Michael Beasley put on a clinic bro. When Kyrie Irv says I would never play him one-on-one, that is a sign bro. Right. Too. He can do everything fucking 6 9 6 10. One of the most gifted basketball players. ISO one-on-ones you've ever seen. Beasley is like that for sure. Yeah he he one of them get into Your spot still the nigga fouling you like that bro is wild. Insane. But You know what, shout out to everybody who hooped the under car stuff was fire as well too that I know a lot of people was paying for like the 10 Gs. I like the next chapter man that's dope. That's a prime example that the NBA should adapt some of that. I'm not sure how they gonna do it but that would be dope to see 'cause you'll get some of the stars and people we don't think is all stars or superstars a chance to really show how good they are.


If y'all ever got a chance to interview Adam Silver, what kind of stuff y'all Think you talk to me about about changing the Allstar game? You like that it would depend upon if the Patriots win the chip or knock because if we win then You know say my question list will change. Okay. I'm gonna start there. Well I just wanna ask you what made you even start messing with the NBA? Like what, how was your journey just entering the NBA? Because I'm like how do you even sign up for something like that? I probably asked him more about like retired player stuff. Hmm. Like how we could do better even though I know they trying to bridge the gap like when people retire like setting up payment plans for 'em to get to their, You know, their retirement money.


Yeah but I but You know people get your pension at like 55 but niggas retire like 31. Yeah. So I'll be like man I know they got a bridge plan now but I just wonder like what they would do different. Yeah. Oh on the same token I'd asked about the Tony Snell situation. That's like something that's very interesting. Somebody was in a unique situation that close to getting that. Especially with his, You know what I'm saying? Coming out saying he's autistic and then trying to take care of his kids with specific health plans. I would really like to see like what's the plan in motion for that. Like you said you return a lot of people turning to 30, wait until 55. I mean of course you don't want say gonna be gone but that's a long gap. That's 22 years. Yeah that's a big of a gap. But how do you sign up just to start working with the NBA bro?


Yeah. What kind of connections you gotta have? I know he got a law background for sure. He tall as hell. I know Mike. Mike. Shit, I wonder if you had a jumper back in the day. I also asked him like You know I think for me I think it should be a rule where like once you get your second contract that you like every year, whatever it is, you gotta put a million dollars in a plan. This will be mine. Like you gotta put a million dollars in that plan in an investment portfolio where it can grow over time every year. Oh yeah. Till you retire. So if you retire with six, $7 million you can have six, $7 million to last you till you get to your pension.


Yeah that's far. Yeah I, I would do that. I mean even though you got people that can do it for you a financial, but I would rather it be with the NBA so You know ain't nobody stealing from you. Yeah. Because that's a lot of things that happen to players they get with financial advisors, they be stealing and doing all type of crazy shit which is crazy. Yeah. You talk about bees or no bees deal with a lot of backdoor with his finances as well and you look at shit like Tim Duncan, like Kareem some of the best players that ever played this sport, You know mean got fucking robbed. Yeah. People like, like and they obviously they made millions on millions and millions but just see the greatest people of all time. They get tricked a little bit too. Yeah. Antoine Walker still buying all them properties and stuff. But that's still a crazy story bro.


Yeah. But I think that'll be, I think that'll save a lot of people and it would help a lot of people like Yeah because you don't even know like when you playing basketball you don't notice that. You not saying if they took it from you, you wouldn't even notice it. Yeah. How we gonna take a million? Hey nobody would care. Okay. Nah. Especially if you doing it for that. I think another question I ask him how he feels about the media because we've been seeing a lot of stuff going on, especially with this final series. I mean listen, I'm grateful, patience win a chip but this is lackluster shit and I don't even think it has anything to do with the team's plan. It's like the coverage with them transitioning is just been like blah, like this don't feel like the finals. I wanted to ask you about That. Like how do y'all feel about like now not having like finals shit like on the, Well that was people court was falling.


Hurting themselves. Cool. I'm I'm understanding if it's for the finals court they said that the cow, yeah they said it was a, it is a hazard. I'm fine with that. Y'all be playing fast. You don't nobody get hurt. But I see y'all do advertising that you can put that shit at least for the broadcast. Maybe if it's not on the court y'all do everything else. And Toronto Rapers had a fucking hologram so they could do the fake shit. Yeah they did a hologram behind the bass, which was weird to watch. But you can do something bro. They could put the fake shit down like they was doing. But my biggest thing is like I told y'all about this series and that's not me hating the markets are so small. Like even though it's a, it's probably the best you could get as far as basketball. Like these two teams mirror each other. It's a great basketball if you are a basketball fan it's a great series to watch.


Yeah. But if you just an average sports fan, it's awful. Yep. Right, because it's the market's just too million. You're not really familiar with anything in Indiana. Nope. You are not familiar with nothing with OKC. You might know the players but not really. Like people still look at LeBron's the face of the league and he is but that's what people still look at like yeah some people just like basketball 'cause they like the Lakers and Kobe Bryant, they don't know shit else and don't care, don't care about nothing else. So when I seen that it was gonna be Indiana OKC, I was like damn the ratings gonna be down. But for basketball peers this is the best we could get even to the broadcast team. Like I know they defensive about Doris bur it's just like shout out to Richard Jefferson.


I think Richard Jefferson is dope. He's funny as shit. But like yeah we miss the day of Mark Jackson and fucking coach and Mike Bri like those, we look for those moments. We don't got that right now. And all you get is a lot of consumers who just BD product and then you look across the board from different media. Like y'all not watching these games. I know everybody don't watch these games as impossible but y'all don't even have the energy to like speak highly of the game. Y'all just shit on everything. It just, the NB a's changed so much. 'cause you don't have stars or stars. Like when, like I said, when you had Kobe he was like a star of stars. Like Yeah if you didn't watch basketball you still knew who Kobe Bryant was. That's a fact. Regardless of like LeBron, if LeBron was in his finals, this would be a whole different story.


Yeah. Because if you don't watch basketball, you still know LeBron James is. That's a fact. And that's the thing we don't have in this now this New generation. Yeah, that is. Yeah. You gotta kind of know. Yeah. You know because Kobe then was in movies, TV shows, all kind of Stuff. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like LeBron got Space Jam, all that shit, whatever. Yeah. But like I was thinking the other day, like if Tyrese Halliburton in the basketball world, if he got traded, would it stop everything like when Luca got traded? No. Nope. If SGA got traded, you think it would stop everything Like when Luca got traded? Nope. Nope. Yeah. Nope. You think it would stop? Yeah. I don't think it'd be the same reaction.


The people of OKC as big. But think about it though, how many stars have already left OKC? Yeah. If it was like the first time, bro, that didn't give a fuck really? When Katie left, even though he went to the war, everybody was shitty that he went there. It wasn't the fact that he left there, it was the fact that he went To others. That's the up trade SGA bro. That's the MVP. I think it Depends on where you go to, because I think the Luca trade was so big, not just because Lake he left but because he went to The RS I think. I think him just getting traded period. Like it would've been big. It was, it was ridiculous what traded him. Yeah. But like you said that Lakers but gonna the Lakers major and LeBron, it was just like that Amplified SGA went to the Celtics. Yeah. It would be, You think it'll be big? It would Go, it would go just as big.


I don't know. Depends on who they did. Like if it was like SGA for Jason Tatum, everybody be like, what the fuck? Yeah that. But I don't think it'll be a such a, oh I mean they'd like, oh they, I mean I see what you're saying About the trade. They'd probably be like, I mean this is crazy why they did that. Yeah. Like Yeah, I see, I see What you're saying. It would still had those NBA world in a Yeah and a choke hold. Choke. But when Luca got traded, this thing was like I Was a global Affair. Yeah. This was like global and I was just wondering what that happened. And maybe that's the feeling we un got in this NBA final. Yeah. Right. Because you look at it now, bro, everybody's wondering where Kevin Durant's about to go more than this's about this final, they look like what Cooper Flagg is about to do. They look like what the Spurs went with number two, pick where Giannis might go. Yeah it is.


People are more Victor win Miana wouldn't kick it with the monks and shave his head niggas is like, oh he about to kill next year. Like yeah. All the things, the off season. I'm telling you whoever wins it don't matter if it's Pacers or OKC the next week that shit gonna be out the cycle bro. They like, all right Summer League what cool flag about to do. Yeah they kind, they kind of shitted on this finals and it's, it's nasty as a person who loved Ball, it's like damn man this is like, this is good shit. But it is just not the right markets. Yeah it is the pinnacle, bro. Like this is supposed to be, they treated this shit like All Star weekend bro. It's, I've been there though. 'cause our finals was like that when it was US, Milwaukee and Phoenix. Yeah It, it was the same kind of situation and that was good bro. That was Good basketball. Yeah. But it was only like, it was only fire to people who watched basketball.


Like it was only good. Like we didn't, it wasn't lit. He saying there ain't too many of these dudes walking outside now and everybody going crazy. Hell nah. It wasn't lit. But like I played when Lin Sanity, I told y'all that's how I thought the finals was about to be like Lin Sanity. Yeah. Like when I tell you it was them there 700 cameras under the rim when he was just warming up. That's what I thought when I seen the final like we gonna go to the finals like nigga I'm gonna get an endorsement deal just for being on a team. Yeah. Yeah. That shit was not like that nigga we was walking that motherfucker. I'm like damn, this feel like damn feel like regular practice man. It's a couple more interviews for people. He was damn near like, like Mike though. He was just so popular.


Yeah. Ain't nobody been bigger than that bro. He had A T-ball like run bro. Yeah. Like nobody's been that big. That might not ever happen Again. And You know what's nasty? That's the reason why. Why I've been complaining about tickets. I know it's the finals but bro it feels like a Tuesday game in Gaines Bridge bro. Why am I paying five more times for this bro? This is crazy. Y'all don't even want to gas the product enough for me to feel like I'm getting my money's worth. Yeah, that's where I agree with you on that. Like yeah, Like y'all not even Anthony. Yeah. You go watch first eight niggas like oh yeah that's cool. Alright man, what the Cowboys gonna do? Like god damn like he's talking about and when they was talking about Aren Rogers more than they was talking about the game, I was like damn, that's crazy. Disgusting bro. Honor the game man. It's a lot of people who give a fuck about the game that y'all don't highlight. Man, we gotta look into that more for sure.


But I do think K about to be a Spur. I think that's that that that he do that he gonna, that's gonna fuck up. Katie gonna be a spur and they gonna keep the two pick and it's gonna go Crazy. Oh yeah. That's gonna destroy the NBA. It's gonna make it fun Though. That's gonna be fire. It's gonna make it fun. You Gotta bring the energy back bro. Devin Booker is rumor to get an extension for two years. It's over a hundred plus. It's looking at possibly like about 1 20, 1 25. I As you should sit down, I am a, I'm a son for life. Yeah. Yeah. I love that. I I seen that the Detroit Pistons are going, going after Miles Turner. Yeah, they, the phone is broke. Stop calling. No it's not. He a free agent. All the phone is broke.


That ain't a free Agent. That's what I'm saying bro. It's not Can you cu him with Miles Turner? I like it. I don't like the energy. I like it. After we win a chip we gonna pay miles to a hundred mil for three years. Yeah. Already Said we the luxury to him Regardless. That ain't gonna be enough money. If y'all want a chip oh Miles, a hundred million for three years, that ain't gonna be enough boy Miles. You don't even like Coney do like that bro. You, it's the same place we can get you some buffs here. My nigga Detroit and Indianapolis is the Same, not the real ones. Mike got the real was he here? We can, we can make it happen. Nah bro. Them fake the Tmobile bus. Yeah These technically ain't Buss because See I told You I ain't gonna What type Versa. Versace or they, I Mean not it's still Cartier but it's just old Buffalo.


It's cool Shit. Mike Tmo.com $31. Respect. Yeah The shipping included. If he go there though, it's the same type of weather. Oh it's the same shit. Yeah, But if he get a four year deal They got a Pacers have to pay for 1 25 4 years. 1 25 for Miles. Yeah. Come On bro. We got, we got some, You know what I'm saying? We got some. You gonna have some Here. Give Miles, give Miles Turner 150 million bro. Mm. Listen You are fucking up our salary cap. No, Give him one 50 or let him go be happy. Honestly if we win a chip and you go get one 50, I'm not mad bro. It's time for him to cash in bro. It Is time bro. Time to cash in One 50 right now. He is deserving of that bro.


He About to be 30. It's time to cash. Y'all trying to stress me out bro. I'm trying to win the chip and be happy. Y'all trying to tell me I got half is Bryan is my starting five next year bro. Chip or not bro. Chip or not? Y'all gotta pay Miles bro. Yeah, chip or not Y outta pocket. If He going to Detroit, Jalen Durer better be a pacer. That's all I'm gonna say. I don't even like this talk. But if he's going to Detroit then Jalen Durer has to be a pacer bro. Thomas Bryant, you the new starter. Hey my nigga Thomas Bryant, corner three specialist bro. Good. I will not speak no more name bro. Thomas Ain gonna sign Thomas Bryan to a three year 12. Thomas Bryan get your three year 25. He can get the three years 12 in Detroit. I love that. Him and Isaiah Stewart would be great. Five for that team. Nah Bro, My mines going to Detroit. Nah, mines ain't gonna that Be fired though.


Why wouldn't y'all give him one 50 DJ like what's the beef? 3 1 50. Did you see what we for four years? Did you see what we pay everybody else on our team? Aren. Nesmith is a guy's gift bro. We pay him about 15 a year. 11. 11 excuse? Yeah. Ni hard is what? 1819. And they're both locked in for next three years. Two. No, his contract kicks in. Yeah. Oh okay. Yeah, but he signed a, he was signed a very team for Lead Deal. I think it's like 16. Yeah, it is very, very affordable. My nigga OB took me, You know what I'm saying? Nice little cut to stay with the gang bro. We can't pay you more than Tyrese or Pascal. He ain't paying me more than Tyrese. Tyrese 200. Yeah. Yeah. But one 50 is tough bro. He gonna get like 1 25 though.


He deserve it though. On me. He deserve it. You put a banner up bro. You've been a consummate professional. All the shit you had to deal with and put somebody of your name when we had you ands bonus together, knowing y'all didn't like each other, he deserved to get paid for sure. He a hundred mil for sure. We been a great teammate, great locker room Guy. Yeah bro. Held down the franchise. Yeah. Had him in trade rumors every day. Literally bro. I remember going into that practice facility like I fuck with my, that's when I really started tapping in with my, I said bro, they put you on a train block every year bro. And it's not your fault Bro. Like come on man. Now what? What y'all, what we do now? Man, pay my money. That nigga Nap York and said yeah we don't really mean Miles Turner. That's just a hey. Yeah. Get this, this nigga the fuck outta here. He got fired in year one. He started Whiling bro. Yeah, I remember y'all did have that coach.


Yeah, Nate York and bro, he fucked everything up bro. That's a wild reason why Vic got this linter he got. People don't know that bro. They was dealing with a psychopath coach Bill left. He fucked up everything in the organization bro. Oh, Billy Banno? Yeah bro. That that was, that's my, he called me the other day. I can't talk about that on camera. But that's the reason why Bill Banno left bro. 'cause Bjork was on some fuck shit. Bill Banno, he called me one of the best defensive coaches in the NBA bro's assistant bro. Fucking it up. Hold on. No, not Billy. Hold on. You talking about damn Burke. Burke was gone. Yeah, Burke was bottom. Oh. That's my nigga. That's my nigga. Both of 'em. But Bill Beo left too. Bill Bayo was a great Banno called me. He, he's a crazy, crazy motherfucker man. He's solid. I fuck with him bro. He's in Miami. Wild Charles the Billy Beo man.


Hey he is a wild boy man. Yeah, he be sending, if he clips on a podcast, like look at this shit. Hey he is a wild boy boy. I know we got it out here. But you see that the, the TIR came straight from up top. Dolan said no, no, nah, nah. Leon watch out. Yeah, sneak the fuck outta here. Damn that was all Dolan. Yeah that was, that was a Dolan car. They said Dolan said, I'm not talking nobody about this because You know you can't fire a coach without your Yeah. Yeah. He Dolan said no. Damn. I heard the other players were like, some of the players said they wasn't gonna play for him. And that's crazy bro. Like bro, he didn't play job a thousand minutes bro. I've never complained about being in the game. At least you gonna get paid fucking with Tibs. That's what I was, I'll give you a chance.


Wow. Man, I wish I would've caught Tibs when I was like 26, 27. Yeah, well should have been different. Yeah, well You gonna play 40 minutes a game. You gonna get some stats. Well yeah, If You look at the, the Tree of Contracts paid from Tibs, bro. I better not see no smut on Tibs name, bro. Oh. You can't say nothing wrong with Tibs with me. Tibs changed my life. No facts. But I I see though. Why You know some players just can't adapt to that though bro. But y'all was saying you need to switch it up, You know what I mean? So they probably feel like how You know how y'all felt about it? Tib just needed an offensive coordinator. Mm. That's all. Come be a defensive coordinator for us bro. We love you all. I need offensive.


I'm turn up bro. Offensive coordinator. You and Rick Carlisle bro. Y'all, y'all will create happy. I don't see, I don't see him sitting down so Tibs bro. You got 30 men coming to you. Man. Relax man. I'm gonna call you. You be like Jeff, you're a fucking guy. When you talk about me on that fucking show, I fuck with T Man. They were just like, we don't want Jaylen Bruss to get hurt Lady E Row. That's a lot of people say, they was like, we don't want him to run JB into the ground. I'm like man, which y'all want man? Yeah. Y'all think they gonna keep OG Rick on the staff. Man, y'all been seeing a lot of Rumor said they invite, they said he had a too big of a voice in the locker room. I'm like yeah, he is the best player of daddy nigga he's supposed to have pop his shit. That's interesting. I don't know. I don't, I You know they my guy so. Oh yeah, I know you. I ain't going mob top for sure.


Yeah, I ain't gonna do that. But I hope he's still around. I ain't never try to get nobody. I love to see him on the stand or if He ain't shit, go somewhere immediately And take Jalen with you and keep Him Jaylen with you. Yeah, y'all gonna play All right. Nah Jalen go ahead and pull your weight bro. No, he was firing to coach your son though. Yes bro. In the N-B-A-I-I hate daddy ball like with just amateur shit but like in the NBA. So watch your son put on a performance like that every day. I gotta, we gotta interview Rick. I'm wait, I'm gonna wait till all this shit down, down. I'm gonna call Rick and just be like we to talk, talk. I Haven haven't talked to him about that video too. Oh Yeah? Yeah. We haven to talk about The video, video Geo show. Hey CJ Miles saw the message tap in Brody. You know what time it is. We gonna see CJ coming on the show. He text. Yeah he texted me. He told me he was gonna come on the show.


Yeah, he pulled up. I mean he on hot ass on the Twitter streets also. I was in spaces with Joe today. Shout to my dog button. He said he ready to be here. He said he been, he been in the gym, You know what I'm saying? He ain't smoking no more. He said he ready. You know what I'm saying for this ones, what's up? He trying to be sober now. He ain't smoked a lot of shit. This probably still in him. Told Told you what? Don't leave. I told you what, don't leave you. Oh I'm good. I'm good. The B here button one is on the way for sure. Man, that is hilarious. I'm gonna kick his ass bro. I can't wait till we go to New York so we can set that up though. Yeah. Oh go to New York soon, huh? Yeah, quick.


I think we can set up ones for him and Joe. That's what we're trying To do. Oh yeah. Jadakiss wanna workout too. Oh yeah. Jadakiss said he, he wanted to put y'all through the workout. Oh be doing. I'm not doing it. I'm not doing that. I do it. We do everything else though. You can do most stuff now. You've been working out for four months now. I know I can do it a little bit but nah nah, I'll work out with Him. That'd be far.


The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance. So we can play some bets on these games man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA. For sure. We ready to tap in man, what you got for me? Be five to get $300 in bonus bets. Man. $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Yeah, I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the I Oklahoma City Thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm gonna using that bonus bet to put it in for my Indiana Pacers. We going to get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time bets on DraftKings. $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Don't Miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings. Put in promo code Club five 20. That's again promo code Club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me but hey you bit that $5 and you get $300 back on that bonus bets for sure. Only on DraftKings the crowd is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Meta AI is the personal AI that's tailored to you now with its very own app. It's built to get to know you, offering helpful answers and inspiration. Looking for something to add to your bucket list. Meta AI goes beyond traveling the world. It remembers you're a basketball fanatic and suggests you attend one of the playoff games. Just start typing or speaking to get the answers you need wherever and whenever because meta AI is your personal ai. Download the meta AI app now available on the Apple App store and Google Play.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're route and we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving like your occupation or education. When you take the test drive using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the route app drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions. Apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for the towels.


This man over here B him. He was very early on the KC train very early on the shape. Praise for sure man. He is he big right to to cheer for this team. Man. Big high. That's why I love that joke you just told. 'cause we we won it the same but that's what You're on The 2 2 2 2. One thing I got you Facts. So I was started becoming a fan like yeah. When he was at Kentucky but when I started seeing him and with the, he was with la Okay. Yeah. I started seeing him change and shit and I always told him like he a basketball head for real. Of course he played it but You know what I mean? Once he got to OKCI was like, I felt like that was like the James far leave KC. Sure. Like I felt like he was gone change franchise. Yeah. Yeah. That was a changing moment in his life. Obviously when it first happened in the summer where I think we were at summer league and I was like ba because obviously he had a good rookie year.


You know what I mean? You're in la your agent's in la you're settled, You know you're living there. It's la it's hot and bam. Okay. CNF obviously had first like damn. But then I'm telling you about 29 seconds later, I was like she we're both in the OK C in Vegas together. I was like yo this is, this is it. This is the, this is the, this is the TSN turning point. Yeah. This is still, your life is gonna start to move because yeah, you're doing well in in LA and yeah. Docs playing you and you're starting at one point of the career. Well guess what? They weren't really letting you go. You had Patrick Beverly bringing up the ball. You had Lou Williams bringing up the ball. You had Avery Bradley bringing up the ball. None of those guys in pointers. Yeah. Coming outta Kentucky. He was a real pointer. Yeah. Ball on his hand. So I don't see how you come from that to come bring up the ball and go run to the corner and shoot three and be a three in D.


No motherfucker. Now it's time for you to really be who you are. Yeah. So you got to, okay. See now still playing behind Chris Paul. Come remember Chris Paul was still there. So they played like a staggered one, like a combo one a little bit. And that if you remember, I dunno if you guys remember, people were still wondering is he real one, is he a two? I dunno if you remember that. They were kind of saying, is this guy a two or he a combo? Right. And people weren't really sure because he was like I said, kind of playing combo wish in LA second year he was a combo behind Chris ball but he learned obviously a lot off of Chris Ball, right? Yeah. Yeah. A lot of shit. So now Chris Ball's gone the second year and that's when you really see the real shape. But I knew that no disrespect from day one 'cause that's what he was all his life. A point guard with the in making decisions. It's not just since he's scoring shade's the top of you that's really gonna read and react, You know he's not gonna, that's why they say you can't speed him up and stuff like that.


But yeah, it's because he, the games rules stole him for real. He's really not making up his mind to do anything. I'm gonna see what the defense does for, You know what I mean? I'm gonna read and I know You know that as a point guard. Yeah. Read And react and put you crab dribble. You know what I mean? Like the best do that. You know what I'm saying? And a lot of guys that get sped up because they're making up their mind saying, oh I'm gonna euro step in from now. Like you can't decide to fucking euro step until you don't bite on your fucking and then you say okay, I'm doing that. If you ever hear Shane talking about, I heard him say it a couple times, he say, and that's why I know he really is on what I'm on. Where it's like he say I, the thing that makes me the best is I don't know what I'm gonna do. You know what that means. That you're just really reacting. I can do anything but I'm gonna wait to see what you do and I don have to do, You know what I'm saying? Simple. Yeah. I think that's why it makes it so easy for him to score in the NBA.


'cause he's like the smooth we talk about all the time. He's literally the smoothest. Yeah. Smoothest Score in the whole league. He don't even look out his sweat when he out there hooping man. Yeah. Effortless. Yeah. He act like he too cool for school. Yeah, I know that. I know all about that Motherfucker. He's the coolest motherfucker. I know that. Do you think like everybody was like preaching, shooting threes when he first got in the league? I know, I'm sure every people still talk about him shooting threes. Do you think Chris Paul coming to that team and like him shooting that midrange like that help shaa like A hundred percent. A hundred percent. Chris ball, same thing I'm talking about the crab dribble. Even the, I know you guys are probably touched even the free throw merchant thing, if you remember Chris Ball, the type of gotta get into the lane, you reach out your hand to Yeah.


Grow up into you. But that he more, no disrespect, do that more than Shay. Shay's not really free throw merchant drawing foul. He's he's he's using angles and change your pace. Yeah. Right. I'm gonna up fake when you get in the air, you're done. We all know that. What the fuck you doing in the air? Yeah. Once you go down, I'm gonna go up and you're coming down on top of me. Am I drawing a foul? Well yes, because the fucking rules in the game have fouls in them guys normally drawing fouls just change rules. Say all the fouls up the game and we'll play fucking football, basketball Do that too. We can do that too. And we just fucking just don't call no fouls on me and I'll close line you and if you fucking close line you back on duck and every single week there's rules motherfucker. Yeah. You can't just foul, foul people. Right. So he is not free to merchant. He's actually just changing pace. There's that He's in a change your pace.


Stop me. You know you're gonna blow into gonna catch you in the air angle. It's angles, it's change your pace. It's change your direction. Nah, fuck it's brains, You Know. Nah, I, I understand it but I know fans don't like it because when you got that much creativity Yeah, I can make you foul me at any point, any point have many point I can make you foul me when people got that much creativity. You Gotta be disciplined on defense. Not to cut you big man, but you gotta be disciplined on defense. Yeah, Because I remember I'm doing the same thing. This is what I tell people all the time. If I'm that guy that's making you foul, I fix mic. Sorry. Nah. You know, Sorry, I'm drawing you into those, in those, into those those spots where you gotta foul me. Yeah. On defense. I'm not allowing you to do that. Yeah. You get what you're, I'm saying. So it's on you now to stop fouling motherfucker. Nah, James Hart that same.


He needs a free Merchant. Just play defense the right way and don't foul me bro. That's James Hart. Don't foul me because that's good defense. You know what I'm saying? That's it. Same thing. James Hart. Why didn't You a part of that to your game? I did, I used to go to the free throw line a lot. Oh, okay. I I did all that. Stopping behind the screen and letting people run into me. Shit. Throw your butt out. Yeah. Rip through hands. I, I did that. That's how I guaranteed I was gonna have eight points again. I swear I knew that. That's guaranteed fucking money man. When I, so That was a guaranteed aid. Yeah. When I wanted to end then at the end of the game, You know, if it's a close game they foul. I used to run and get the ball and just hold it like get a bang. I try to get extra points. Right. It's part of the game. 2, 3, 4 points at the end of the game, Man, win the bonus. Nah, I already know.


I, I think it's genius what he do. I wish more people would do that, but yeah, they try to take it out the game for my guy Trey Young Trey Youngs to do it. But yeah, they took that out the game a little bit. But KD and them used to all do it, the rip through three Get free throws and like I said, man, you just can't get caught with your hand in the cookie Judge once you, alright, let's just say it is a little bit of a free throw drying thing once you realize, I told, I told my kids that adapt to way they, they call the game. So even you realize to dude you don't do that no more. You gotta fucking, like, You know when a man comes down, you keep your hands, sorry, you keep your hands big, right? Yeah. So you don't, once you do that, it's going to be a foul or when it's not a foul. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But if you discipline yourself, if they keep you not go down and reach and all these things, there's no foul call. No, that's you're not getting know they ain't calling fouls that aren't there is what I'm trying to say. That's actually calling fouls that actually happen.


Just stop fucking falling us off of this merchant. Take that doors bur No, for sure. Outside of, You know, nephew and your son, who's some other players that you like in NBA? Kade Cunningham. Mm. Some young guys coming up. K Den got that slogan too. A too man, a man's my guy. Fuck with him Every shout To ae What's I like coming up. Some young killers Dot Fuck with dot because of the way he just plays every, every blast plays like his last, you don't got that. You don't got that motor and that energy. Like a lot of kids could use that and just have a career.


Yeah. They're not, You know what I mean? I fuck with Katie and I like how he's his whole career, You know what I mean? You know? Yeah. Certain things obviously, You know, different parts of everybody's game that, You know, you you you're picking you like, but You know, I like those. I I like those are the most guys that I, I I I think right now playing, I don't, I don't have a deep bag because of guys that I, I can pick out in my head right now because I'm also focused on Nik and Shea. Absolutely. All I can think about is Nik Nik iss my favorite player so is shit. Yeah. So DJ DJ think Lou DOT's a hack man. Nah, Lou Doris one of the best fans in NBA, but right now man, I'm hating right now. If I wasn't going to get shot, I show love. But I gotta hate right now man.


You know what I'm saying? Shout to the thunder. But Lou Dort and Caruso be of habit. No. And I'm tired of seeing them. I cannot wait till this series is over, man. No, I get it Bro. I get it bro. Those guys are fucking pestilence people's life bro. That's, they be locking up, they blitz everything. I love that shit because I always taught like, it's so funny. Even when Quila, she were growing up, I was more big on defense. Anybody that knows us when we were younger, I was always like, move your feet. It's that no hands. So like it's crazy how they're, they're, they're always offensively good but defense is a thing. 'cause You know, everybody wants to play offense. Everybody, the one thing that people don't do is play defense. They don't rebound. So I was always being on those things. Do what people don't want to do to get what people don't have. You have to do what people don't fucking do. So you're gonna team player, you're gonna play defense better than everybody.


You're gonna move your feet and guess gonna, you're gonna rebound. Yeah. You're gonna rebound the ball possess out. When you see the ball go up, you're not gonna look at the ball. You're gonna look at your man, go like this when the ball goes up, you don't look at the ring. You find your man box the fuck out, dude. Those two things like are think there we go right now a kick can get to the league, You know, after, after 14 points a game. It's not that crazy hard even though it is, if he made up his mind to do it, like how Rodman and those motherfuckers. Mm. You know what I'm saying? It's a, it's a extra career out there that's like a spot in the NBA. You know what I mean? Just like defense go play defense. Sick as fuck. You can get there. Yeah. Because everybody can hit a fucking jump shot from the corner of three. And so you can always be a three and D if you just play sick. D you get what I'm saying? I'm saying nah, I get that. That's A fact. And you get paid cash.


Hell, everyone wants to be fucking dunking and the ant man stuff and I get it. It's fucking sick. But that whole flash is just for the flash. It's like a, it is like a life, You know what I mean? It's like the glitter and the G sometimes fuck all that shit through the grimy shit. The lunchbox shit. For sure. That that, that shit pays too, Man. We just watched Mitchell Robinson have a research of his career off rebounding. Right. Didn't score the ball, rebound pass it out. He about to get paid that you make a free throw ain't mess. They hacking him. It don't matter. We sending him in the game. 'cause you get extra possessions. There you Go. Yeah. I mean, look at him. He's just to probably like, You know, you, you are not gonna look at him. This guy that you gotta find like a diamond in the rough. But it's someone that, that's his, he made that his niche. Yeah. And if you do that, I, I just think it's so obvious, but I see, I guess sometimes I see things that people don't wanna see.


You know what I mean? I just look at it like, bro, if I was gonna make a U right now, I'm gonna turn into a wicked rebounder. I can bring, I, I can teach him everything else after that. You know? Know what I'm saying? Because you will get better at everything else. You know what I'm, but if I make you like 14 rebounds in a game, I'm gonna, you obviously gonna be your free throw shoe's gonna be better obviously gonna be hitting a 15 foot jump shot. I'm gonna get you left, right finish at the ri I'm gonna get you the drop steps, turn, spin, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm gonna get you that eventually. But if you can gimme 14 rebounds, that's all you can do right now. I'll work with that. And then what's his ceiling bro? That's an Allstar suit. Mm. Yeah. I gotta ask you this question. Obviously OGU pops, you seen him growing up as they progressed their game at one point. Did I stop playing one-on-one? Oh for sure. A long time. One point a long time ago.


Long time Ago. At one point he caught you was just like, okay, I gotta leave this alone A long time ago, but I'm not gonna lie, I took him on over there and he had a summer camp and I took him on the other day. I'm not gonna lie, but it was like a little friendly thing. You know there's some footage of that. But ain't nobody gonna see that man. Ain't Nobody gonna see that man. I think I fucking have the guy tied up right now that has to footage. He tied up in the basement. They gotta have the footage. Nobody seeing that. But yeah, 'cause I'm gonna tell you what happened so I can at least tell you what happened. It wasn't good. Like he, he made a move and I kind of fell so that Oh You got, you got, You know that I gotta leave it right like LeBron delete the kit. I delete the camp videos. But before, like I said, I'm big on defense. One time I ripped him and all other time we met up and I almost blocked a shot. But see after that he had like got about nine shots in a row and then after that it was just like downhill from there.


That Was recent. That was recent. But that, that doesn't count too because now I'm done. If you go back like about when you were like 13, 14, that was the first time we asked him when the first time he busted my ass and said, I said I'm done. But 14, that was again, it was endurance because I could still play but I keep On So you got tired. Two minutes wheezing, bro. You know what I'm saying? A lot of stuff in my chest. You know what I mean, Did you ever play coach? She 1 0 1? Yeah, I beat him like I was like 14. Okay. Is that the last time I played too? Yeah. I, I quit. I never played him again. He put me on. That's crazy. He put me on punishment. I won't play. No. Didn't play him again. He was like, alright, you don't wanna play me, you can't go outside. I was like, I don't care. I was punishment for a month, bro.


You, you still not play though. I'm not gonna play you no more. He was gonna post me up. That's crazy Bro. I used to bang them still. It's, it's real man. I remember those days and I used to fling them around. Like those days changed real quick. I was like, no. Like I said, that day when he crossed me up and I, and I fell, I could see him saying Yeah. From when I wanted to. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like he was giving me back all those days when I used to bat them up, You know what I mean? For sure. And You know he, the master of the cap was like ij, he gonna fry that up with a crazy lyric underneath it. No, no. That's not coming up. No. For sure. Sure. We archiving, we always talk about them, You know, so our golden days, we grew up playing basketball outside and now you got all these kids with professional trainers and stuff like that.


Obviously coming from you. Somebody who has put kids in the NBA, how do you feel nowadays when you see so many kids who go to like, basically like mechanical workouts, everybody has a trainer. Like what's missing? Do kids need to go outside and play basketball? They just need born fobs? Or what do you think the kids could probably work on to make their games better? There's some of the output we're seeing right now. There's a couple things like back to kind of what I said with the, just finding a niche that nobody ain't doing. You know what I mean? Like if you're trying to get, really get on, make a team, even lemme talking about the N nba, they start off just trying to make a team go rebound. You'll be the best re on the team. The coach might put you on the team, be the best defender on that team. Coach might need you. Like a lot of times there's been times when you, the coach needs to win a game and even the coach is on this political shit and playing his son. Now the game's closing.


You needs to win. See him Johnny go because guy can lock down the best score. Yeah. Then he hasn't played Johnny all game 'cause Johnny can't score. But now he needs someone to stop this guy. He's f finger in John. He finger in Johnny. You see what I'm saying? So just be those things that people aren't number one. That's the first thing. And then a lot of, a lot of the the the grassroots stuff. The fundamental stuff, I think people are trying to, like I said, they're going to the gym, shooting a bag of threes trying to dunk. And that's not what you work on when you go to the gym, I don't think. I Think you work on like, You know, form shooting your handles footwork, You know, endurance. Like a lot of stuff. It sounds a little corny and cliche, but that's how we grew up. Yeah. That's how our stuff was. And I think it just works. That's why Shaa, they killed their like throwbacks if people say that. And I think they are the way they play, she's naturally. Yeah, you can dunk over.


You can know, but you probably won't see like a atman high language sha you're not probably see Shay dunk over four man. I I Which he probably has the athleticism too. Right. You know what I'm saying? But it's a different style of game. Right. So you'll see one dunk every six months, two every six months. But you, you're gonna see a like fucking every game up and under, You know what I mean? Below the rim shit. See that's, I think that's just all school. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And that's the difference in, in the, in the fundamental training of the game now. Which is why you see a lot of the Europeans and first team all NBA last two years, just do the math. It's not a lot of Americans, no respect to the Americans, but I think the game is getting a little bit fundamental away from it's more bigger, faster, stronger. It's not fuck that go back to skill. Yeah. And, and and fundamental training.


And that's what the guys in Europe and France and all those other in Canada because we're humbled with this, we're happy to fucking just be in the room with the NB guys. A lot of, a lot of the, the American side now it's like we're here and we're all a little bit entitled to be here and it's our game and You know what I mean? So we already, we're already in the room and no, you gotta fucking do more right now 'cause the game is catching up to you guys. Nah, that's just facts. You can be mad at me. You're just, lets just do the facts about it. Let's just do the math and see if I'm wrong. Most Definitely. We talk about all the kids all the time about And you got Yeah and you got what was in there, the friends Wendy Yama killer and you got shade careful guys. I don't know. It's trending way Wicked. I dunno if you guys wanna season 2028 in la Canada's gonna be ready in 2020.


You think y'all be, you think y'all beat the US? Well I say we're ready to go. I don't know. Got whip got boy They got, they got Jamal, They got new. It's gonna be different from 2020. Nick, They got wig. They don't At All a big statement Right now. But y'all, y'all gonna be a Force. Just know we're coming. You know what I mean? So we're getting metal. We didn't metal this one? Nah. Okay. I'll say up front for sure. We're medling. Yeah. Okay. Y'all, Y'all guard play crazy. Good guard. A thousand percent Wicked. It's gonna come down to our bigs. See how Zach, Edie, yeah Zach. Ed develops something. I think he'll develop then you guys will. Oh it's Christmas. Zach, Edie ain't gonna be able to come out the game pops. Yeah Tim, Tim's going ahead to we, we gotta do something with a little bit of wishful to get how we do this.


But we talked not respect, we talked Into Nah, But Toronto for sure is on the map. I think my first respect to Toronto, I mean no disrespect to nobody, but I think Wiggins, Andrew Wiggins, I was like damn, he, he was special. He was the first person. He was the first. Nah, he wasn't the first one That made it to the pros. That was real like high, high, high ranked. Yeah. From Canada. Yeah. Yeah. Nash. What you mean the ranking and Yeah, like Round, talking high. We had like a buzz For real. No, for sure. For sure. Sure. Because yeah, Drew Wig was the, he was another one I'm talking about protected from. He was about 1670 to be the number one pick and he actually ended up being the number one pick. Yeah. So you can say that for sure. Wig my boy wig. Shout to Wig man. That's my guy. That's his guy. Wigs mean big up. T do.


Yeah, T do Niggas What I wanna know about the music culture out there in, in Canada, man. What, what's y'all rock to man? In clubs or just barbecues? Anything? It's, It's, it's, it's, it's kind of mixed up. It's multicultural. You know, me personally, I, I deal with my like I like my rap, You know, from back in the day my reggae and stuff like that. So I'm mixed on both sides. But you can get whatever you want. But it's a lot of, it's like New York. Gotcha. Kinda like how New York would be or You know, but we're a little bit more Caribbean oriented too. We got the Jamaicans and the Antiguans and the Yeah. To the dad and the Guyanese. We got the, You know what I mean? Because like I said, you guys might be born over here and your grandmother, your grandfather would probably be born over here in America too. Right. You'll never find a black guy that's tell you his grandmother was born in Canada.


If you saw black guy in Canada, his mother was born in some, his grandparents were born in some Caribbean. You get what I'm saying? There's no, Oh yeah. I gotcha. Second, fourth generation Canadian black people, You know what I'm saying? But you guys got fourth, fifth, sixth generation black people over here, You know what I'm saying? So the difference. Yeah. So that's why we have that little Caribbean mix. People say I talk like this, I talk like that. I just talk like how we talk. It's a Canadian thing. You, I mean Got You, got you Done though. We, we trying to, I've never been over there. I'm trying to get over there and I just wanna make sure I'm seasoned before I get over You. Good man. You can roll with me. You all right man? Okay. For sure, for sure. I like this link up. I like this link up a lot. Yeah. Good. More than good man. Stop. Okay, cool, cool.


Yeah, I've been to Canada quite a few times. Toronto Yeah. Was one of my favorite cities. I know, I know. You know Toronto. I know You know good. Yeah. Toronto's a great city. Wonderful city. There You go. Oh man, That's what's up. So we already up to one man. What, what do you think we need to do to finish this series out? Damn Justs about like I said man, everybody do their job man. It's not even as Rocket science here. Okay. Just, you don't do your job. And what is it right now? Just do what you normally do bro. I'm might actually do anything more. Nothing outrageous right now. Now what scares you about the Pacers though? That you can't play around with them. You can't just, You know you'll get up by 15 and they're gonna come back. Yeah but you always, you have to step in their neck bro.


When you get them down there, literally that's and hold them there or wake out and try to do something like minute heroic shit. That's not where we're on. So last game we did it. Okay. But I didn't like our last game that we won the first half. We kind of didn't win the second because we're up by 19 or 20 half time by 17 that means we didn't win the second half. So I'm trying to win every quarter. That's my thing. Nah for sure. What did you, how did you feel after the game won? 'cause I mean that 20 point they was up 20 and for Tyrese hit that shot. Ah. Watching on tv like the era went out the gym Wanna bring about my stomach. Like You know, I can See what he, Okay.


20. You probably coming back. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Talking shit man. Nah, nah, nah. I just know like looking at that 'cause we all was watching it like we were all at the crib and we like, all right, 20 point win for the OKC, we ain't gonna PI tonight. He hit the shot. We all call each other like, yo we gotta go downtown. Hey sad. Yeah. Like No I feel that I a hundred percent agree with that man. Like I said man, first friendly competition bro. If it wasn't like, if it wasn't like that, like even after we lost, I walked up. Remember the arena's right there. I'm sitting in the hotel, right? I walk out, first person I see is fucking a daddy. He's like, yeah man. I'm like fuck bro. Yeah we good man. We can't lose just blessed. But guess what, You know saying fucking the camera on me.


I mean fuck, I can't even move my mouth right Don post it like, You know, getting hard, You know what I mean? Bro. We got this man. If you win, I win. We win together man. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? 'cause it's real facts man. But we gotta put on this, it is a competition bro. But like I swear, I swear to God, if we lose, which we won't, I'm gonna be happy. I'm gonna be happy for the loser. I'm gonna be happy for the loser. Nah, That's a good for sure. Another happy for the Loser. Another tough question. How did you feel last year? Because we all feel like SGA should have got the MVP last year. What was your reaction like last year when we, we got the results? Yeah, I was like, number one, I kind of knew it. You can tell by the way is the connotation is going out throughout the year and You know, you can just, You know, you just, You know, to kind of know if You know ball who they're gonna give it to.


So I, I wasn't like, oh my God, they didn't give it to him and he got robbed because I kind of knew who they were gonna give it to, number one. Number two, when you do things every day, if you wake up and brush your teeth every day and fold your clothes, if you really do it every day and someone says to you like, guess what? We're giving out awards for waking up and brushing your teeth every day. You say, oh fuck, okay, I hope I'll get it. But you're really giving them out. Well then guess what? You're gonna get it next year bro. We're gonna get it tomorrow because you really do this bro. Yeah. I am not trying to say she does this. Nah. Right. I'm saying yes, it was, it was, it was a little bit, a little bit let down. He didn't get it. We didn't think we're gonna get it because I knew the fucking connotation and the politics of this shit. Well then you, you, you think about it, fuck, I can do this next year and I can do it the year after that and I can do that.


'cause I really do this. Some guys like, You know, some guys have a good year and it's like, fuck man, that's his greatest year. I don't think this guy's ever gonna fucking do that again. And I, and it is true, some guys have that peak year and they never, but I'm telling shit motherfucker, I need 34 next year. You're shooting like what, 37, 30 6% from three. I need to shoot 42. So that means you gotta get in the gym some more. Like there's always somewhere you're doing great. He the MVP on right do better motherfucker. You know what I'm saying? So you gonna go in the gym this summer, then come back and shoot like 39. He always gives a little bit. He just gimme what I want. He always gimme a little bit, gimme like a 39 40. Yeah. And then two years he's gonna 42, he fuck up Jordan's numbers. He's gonna, she's gonna give you like 36 a game one day. Mm. And people don't understand what I'm saying. I'm in Toronto telling people he could do people look mad man, like relax your son's MVP.


This is obviously before he's MVP. But I've been doing this every year saying like 24.5 a game. What the, You know, I'm from Canada, that's supposed to be great. We're happy to be in the N nba. I don't give a fuck about that. Nah. Yeah. I need to do better. Right, right, right, right. Our whole be better every day. It doesn't have to be large increments. It can be smaller increments. Yeah. Just get better every day. As long as you progression. That's what I have to do. The shame now because it's, it's always harder now because he's the MVP. So how do you motivate him? How do you tell him that he's gotta get better? How do you like daddy? You're nuts. But he's been, I've been doing this in all my life. So he said he already knows I'm nuts. You know what I mean? Here he goes again, he's on the season. Tell me to do better. Three things tell me that I should add 50. Yeah. That's motherfucker. You had 42 in the first half, you start fucking 50. You know what I'm saying there? How much games, like he does stuff like that, You know what I'm saying?


I'm like, yeah, you should add 60. You know what I'm saying? But you always have to give him that to make him feel like saying, sometimes they say, yo, that's this guy, you can't please this guy. But I'm okay with that. Right. Because then you reach for the moon and all that stuff, you're falling down a little bit lower. You're still on top of everybody. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But you have to push guys like that because he's that talented, he's that blessed, he's that intelligent. He's the right guy for the job to push. He can actually do it if You know, You know how they say God only gives you what you can handle. That type of thing. Yeah. I'm not giving that kid more than he can handle. People might have told me that when I was younger, You know I got that one. Or you Think you're pushing them too hard, You know what I mean? No, no. If you hear these kids talk one away in the room by themself, they're very, very smart at nine years old talking about gal and this and that and clothes. They guys are sharp. You know what I'm saying? So You know, they know things so you gotta push them like man to talk to them and deal with them.


Nah, that's real. We Was worried about it this year because You know what I'm saying? Obviously we went crazy hell of a year. But we started hitting the joke there and of later in the season, it was like his best statistical season ever. And me and B him was just like, hey man, ain't nothing more he can do man. Last year y'all snubbed him. Yeah, he came back better this year. Team set the league and wins. What more can he do? So I'm happy he got his just due appreciate, I know he's gonna keep accomplishing things but he definitely deserve that MVP this year for Agree. I agree. And I, like I said, it's just something that we do consistently. His whole thing is consistency. I think in life, like at your job, whatever you guys do every day, basketball, whatever you do to be good at something, you don't really call yourself good until you can do it consistent. Yeah. So if you have a great day is what I say at something, but you have a bad day the next day, then you have a good day. So you have a, you're not really good.


Your inconsistent motherfucker, You know what I'm saying? Consistency is what we rate. It could be the best rapper, Drake from Canada, hell shout out Drake, blah blah. Obviously. Obviously he's the best rapper. Why though he keeps putting them out, bro. Mm. So you guys can debate that. But who does it as often? Who does it though? Consistently. So consistency is a serious fucking thing, bro. Once that goes back to Shaa. Okay, getting Snu this, if they sn shade this year, what would, what would that mean in our life? It'd be disappointing. But that means we're not gonna do 33 a night tomorrow. We're gonna do it something very similar. Yeah, yeah. Next year. Because we just is what we do. No, you get what I'm saying? Like who's not picking shade or not because he's my son, but if Shay wasn't my son, I say his kid's probably average 31.5 next year.


Six assists, seven fours, three steel. Like it's what he does by this at this point. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I, you almost look at it like, okay one of these girls, I'm gonna MVP that, You know what I mean? But they won't give it to you every year. True. So stop be this year, give it to you next year. What does it fucking matter? I just gotta keep doing what I do in control. I can control. Yeah. I was just gonna be shitty this year though. I ain't gonna lie. Yeah, because he was going crazy bro. He was talking about like, man, he could just get 30 every night, but he like be he joker. Damn had a triple double. I'm Like fuck. And It was really on the Brinks bro. Bad because what Joker doing, I tell people it's crazy what he doing. Well he was Downplay. Never Ever downplay what jokers doing. We're not gonna see that again.


Never. Right. But watch this one now guys, watch this one. When do we get to take the criteria? When have we ever gotten to take the criteria of wins outta the MVP award? We've never done that. We've never done that. I'm, I'm a baller guys. You guys can't do that to me. We've never took the criteria of wins is, and you cannot be 19 or 20 fucking wins Behind the fucking Shea. Yeah. Behind the MVP 20 wins. He still get it. Wins has a, he had a great year. Yeah. Shaa had a great year. Watch this. No, you wanna say his hair's a little bit greater than Shaa because all these crazy things you do but Sha well Shakespeare is still great. Yeah. Now you gotta go to wins. Yeah. Now you gotta go to wind guys and that's what you, that's what you gotta give it to. That's my argument. You can say a lot of other stuff too. There's other, other arguments but wins is too much of a big criteria and they've never given out it out without saying fucking wins.


The wins has never been like wins is a major factor. I Did. If you take that out now yeah. You might say okay here 50 50, no your ad wins, it's like 75 25 just like what it was most definitely. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I don't think it's that close. No. Obviously we know you probably look Biased. Can't be fucking 70 18. Is there, are we trying to win Talk If the objects of this game is the win, that's all. Yes. Okay, well I don't want you on my team as no mvp. If we can't win, I wanna win. As we winning for pop All we're gonna win tonight Plays.


I'm trying to secure my back, but come on man. You good, you're good. Don't watch that. You're good. He said we threw Back already. We aint, We clip right. The ones crazy for Oh man. Obviously, You know what I'm saying? Toronto bias. What was the energy like? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? The Kendrick situation. Man, I was in Philly, You know what I'm saying? Being a ground zero with that. Yeah. We ain't worried about that. We All bone man be offing all bone and I don't even worried about it man. Like I said, I like That. It ain't no question. We do our thing man. Yeah. We're not worried about nothing of That. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. That's hilarious man.


Before we got outta here, man, please tell the people about the no flukes organization man. Oh, For sure. For sure. No Flukes is a movement. No flukes means never opting for less unified knowledge, equal success. That's a foundation I have back in Toronto where we help at risk youths getting what they need to survive in life. Basketball skills, opportunities. We have a, we have a league that we take after hours ball we call it now, where we take kids at from from the hood at eight o'clock at night, bring them back at one o'clock at night. They play basketball in the league. The league's like almost like a, like how we do have a men's league. So we keep score like the NBA leading score, leading assist this or that. At the end, every week we get 'em prizes for whatever accomplishment they make and we, and we, we check our retention rate to see who's getting better, who's getting worse.


And we just, it's just a, a fun little Safe place. Yeah. We call it like a safe place for these kids at nighttime. Yeah. But that's just one thing we do. We had an event coming up July 26, 27 called Shoot Your Shot too. So last year, we'll shoot your shot one. We did a three point competition with 10 to 18 year olds. A winner of those competition. You got to go against NBA players and we gave them a jewelry and no flukes, pendants and all that stuff for the winners. We're running it back bigger this year on July 22, 27. That's dope. So that's what we, that's what we into man. We're just trying to change lives every day, one day at a time and make these kids know they can, anybody can be like Sha and Keeler Tomas, You know? That's my sir. That's my Smith. The younger son. He's a fashion designer. Yes sir. And he's gonna be doing his thing too. You're gonna hear about him. He gonna change the world in his own, his own little way. Yeah.


His, His highlights been on the time I recently too, You know what I'm saying? Pop, You know what I'm, I tap to him for sure, for Sure. Good, good. I have to bring him up too because You know he has, he comes with my Cs, You know him with my Cs, You know, straight up. Shout To Lydia man. Yeah. Hey man, we can't wait for the pod to drop, man. Great. And greatest basketball dance Pop Shane is coming out on Father's Day. Yeah, yeah. We, we, we get my boy on it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll be on there man. Basketball dance. Yeah, I'm gonna be on there talking about shit and I see, I see what he doing. I see what he doing. I see. I like his Tyson a six. Let's get it a wire in the field. Come on now it's re in the field. What the fuck.


Come on man. You know the vibe. Shout to the OG for slide through man.


Time for Boost Mobile. You know the vibe's. $25 unlimited talk text data nationwide for the first few. Must be here. What's the Vibe? $15 only baby. Come on, tap in man. Nationwide. 5G. 5G is All world. You know what I mean? 5G Nationwide. Tap in for sure. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time. Club five 20. The volume


Some stands for so others mighty and I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled in one of the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hi, I'm Danielle Official from Pod meets World. So for my two boys, I got Samsung Galaxy Watch for kids. And I'm not saying I'm kind of jealous of my kid's tech, I'm saying I am definitely jealous of my child's tech. This thing lets them call, text and explore all from their wrist. No smartphone required. And don't worry, you are still the boss. You control who they can talk to and yes, you can totally stalk their location in real time. Get Galaxy Watch seven on T-Mobile. Now Kid ready with a new paired line. Visit T-Mobile dot com to order yours today. Parent and child must have a Samsung account and Google account with Family Link requires initial pairing with a compatible Samsung smartphone and qualifying wireless plan with LTE Service activated. Please check with your carrier for more information. Trusted contact applies to compatible apps. It does not restrict communication through third party or other communication apps. Emergency services and contacts remain accessible. Location sharing is dependent on network connectivity and device being recently active T-Mobile terms via 24 monthly bill credits. When you add a qualifying paired watch line, see additional offer terms on T-Mobile dot com.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering IT pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify. This is an iHeart podcast.