
Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes Unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best Describes the Jets season? Look no Further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista, and NFO Network's, team of experts the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, the 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 and bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions. Terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch Right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices. Views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Hey, Trey Porter just asked. Yeah, he said Ocho. Is it really true? You took Viagra doing games. Yeah. Half a pill. That's all you need half a pill before. Why You try to be out there on the foot field with wood like that? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You not listening. Listen, you gotta think. Stay with me now. Stay with me Baby. I'm I'm I'm with you. I'm with you. I'm think about it. Think about Viagra. Right. You understand what the pill does. I understand what it does. Yeah. We know what it does now. It's, it is an enhancement. Give one up your talk about 30, 30, 45 minutes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But listen to me, it's an enhancement with the increasing blood flow to improve performance horizontally depending on how you do it.


I don't know what you do at home, but it to improve. Yeah. Yeah. They work too Ocho. Right. Stay with me now. But if you take a half a pill and take it before a game with a little bit of Red Bull, it increases the blood flow, which enhance turns into almost a added performance enhancer Sense. So you, so you got, so you got a boost. So you got a boost with that energy drink and the blood flowing. Bingo. And I'm out there, I'm out there going crazy. I'm out there going crazy on half a Viagra and a little bit of Red Bull.


And people are like, God damn, I can't stop, I can't stop Ocho for nothing. And then you know how I am. I'm talking the whole game. I'm talking the whole game. So the increasing blood flow, it has me moving times 10 to what I would regularly be moving without it. Mm. And that's what people don't understand. That's what a Viagra come into play. Yeah. Yeah. You probably taking them now. You probably had, when you had that 12 hour marathon says you probably popped like seven, eight of them with the blue diamonds. No, I was just, I was, listen, I was just, I was just playing about that. I was just playing about that. But this, this hit real 'cause this is, this is one of the reasons why I feel I I I'm one of the best ever. Because you what, what you can't do, what you can't do is you can't tell the hi the history of great NFL receivers without talking about Lil Ocho.


They asked me talking about o Ocho, do you still take Viagra? Oh, I don't need it no more. I don't need it no more. I, 'cause I'm not playing football no more. I'm not playing football no more. And listen, when it comes to, and I don't, I can, That ain't what, that ain't what they made. You do realize that Viagra was a blood pressure medicine. Right? Oh yeah. You right, you right by then. And then they found out, they found out. It gave the side effect. They like, Why, what? Yeah. Well I listen, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't took it in. I ain't took it in years, shit. It's been what, 11, 12 years. And most of the time, you know, I Can either confirm nor deny. Huh? No, I ain't gonna lie to you. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you the truth. I'm talking about me. I ain't talking about you right now. Talking about me. You take it. I can either confirm nor deny Neither.


Well, I might, I might have dabbled once upon a time, once upon, you know what I'm saying? Don't you? Hey, I'm, I, I, we family. And I can tell you and the people that's watching, I can see you family because you done subscribe to us. So I'ma give it to you raw. Oh no, don't do that. Ooh. Raw for real, Paul. My Bad. My bad. Raw Bad. My bad, my bad. I meant Will, I meant tell the truth. I meant tell the truth. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Stay With me. I meant tell the truth. I'm With you. I don't, I don't wanna lie.


Like in my, in my, in my relationship, in my marriage, in my union, you know I don't need no, no, no, no pill. I don't need. 'cause you ain't getting nothing but three minutes anyway. You know. But she has to. Nah, you won't. But see, but you want, you want, you know that, that first time Ocho, the first time you meet a bad one. Oh yeah. The first time you want a bad one. Yeah. Oh. You know, you wanna, you know, you Trying to show Off, huh? Yeah. Yeah. 15. Hey, Pull out all the aside, but hold up. Listen. And sometimes you, I the first time, you know what you gotta do? You get in there, right. And sometimes they catch you off guard. You be like, oh shit. So you gotta slow down. You stop and you hold the conversation real quick. You don't do that. Well, you know, first you got your first time, you know, you, you, yeah.


Oh yeah. Tear you out. You know what I'm saying? So you, so you pop, well, you know, you pop the first time you pop one, you put it on real good, real good. Now, the next time you go back, Ocho, I went back Ocho. Yeah. I ain't have, I ain't have that diamond in my system. Okay. And you know, so I didn't do it quite like I did it the first time. First Time. Right. So I would go, go back for the third time. Right. You know, she hit me with Yeah. She said bring that penis you had the first time I saw you. I time I, I want that second one sometimes.


Man, it, it happened to the best of it. It happened to the best of, yeah. You know what, Chad? You say, why you always open? Nobody wanted, wanted to tackle that. That why you was always open. What? What? I ain't gonna tackle you either. I was like, Hey I'ma, I'ma wait till you run past me and jump on your back. I ain't tackling you from the front. I'm sorry. Ocho. People don't understand it. It wasn't, it wasn't nothing like that. It, it was just, it It was. But You say you was running on three legs? Yeah. Yeah. I, I was. I was, I was. I was, I was. I mean, I'm, I'm not, I'm not, not gonna get into that because I don't wanna, I don't wanna piss my baby off. 'cause I know she Yeah, don't Do that. Don't do that. Yeah. I want to piss off. Yeah. Yeah. Don't do that. Don't your real friend.


The doctor just donated $500. Man, that's too nice In a row. Oh. What, what kind of doctor she is? What kind of he what kind of doctor here? Because you know I might need a little minor surgery. Here. There. What kind? Can you help me more? Can you help her brother out? Hold on. Lemme finish hitting the Holy Ghost now. Hold on. Hey Boy. Unc, lemme tell you something now, if you don't stop playing. If you don't stop playing and slid and them dms, Ocho, Ocho. Hey, where you at? Where you go? What you doing? Put more diamonds in. I, I what?


but they say laugh about th they say laugh about two hours. I'm good. Can you put that up on just carry on Ocho. Carry on. Don't worry about me. I gotta ride. I gotta be riding, don't you? Boy, she not Boy. Listen, let me tell you something. God love to cheer forgiver. I told you yesterday.


Don't ignore the signs. Don't ignore the signs. This ain't, this sign ain't red. This sign is green. That means you need to go, you need to look at the name, save the name in the chat, jot it down, send a DMO Instagram and do what you need to do. Order my steps in by way, which I wanna walk. So the cup continued to runeth over. God said, when a man finds the wife, he find it a good thing. I don't know. I don't know what else you need to see. I don't know what else you need to see. Unless you want God to come down here and slap you across the head.


The signs is right there. Lemme See. The sign is right there. Lemme see if I still got it. That old script. I can feel this old script out. Yeah. You know, I keep a script, I keep a script on it For a 30 day, for a 30 day. I might have to get that old liquid. You know, they got that liquid. Not at a hundred milligram. They'll put a couple of drops up under your tongue. O Joe. I wanted to test it out. Ocho, I wanted to test it out because the doctor say, he say, Mr. Sharp, this, it's a liquid. It's a little bit more, it's a little more potent. Okay. Than the the tablets. Right. For Ocho. I said, I don't, I said, you sure doc? He said, yeah. So I went to, went home and I was going over the bridge and the bridge was crooked.


Right. I dropped a little drop in the water. The bridge straightened out. I didn't out. Oh, this what I been, this what I'm looking for? Yeah. There. I, okay. Hey man, listen man, I just, I mean, it, it, listen, it can't be more no cl it can't be no more clear. Clear. I don't, I know. Used by you. Used by Nhan. Okay. Necon. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I I use lumify so I can see real good and, and, and I can see what the man upstairs is doing for you.


I, I can see it. The people in the chat can see it. Yeah. Yeah. That what I've been, that they, they mad at me. Yeah. Yeah. Go go ahead and do what you need to do now. You know, go ahead and do what you need to do. Get them training wheels off of you that she could Hey, that ice, that ice, that, that ice Timeout time. That Ice that that ice. That ain't how you do timeout. Time out like this. Yeah. Okay. Now, okay. Yeah. I need a full time out because this is a 22nd time out basketball. I need a full time. As a matter of fact, I'm ready burn all of three of mine Right back to back to back. Because time out. Time out. Timeout. You know the NFL you can't call back to back time, back time.


Right, right, right. Hey, you know what, on your, you, you know, you, you got me leaning. Yeah, I know. I see you blushing. I see. Yeah, I see you blushing now. But, You know, dark-skinned brother, we be blushing. Don't nobody even know. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, I can listen. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm darking you so I I know, I know how you feel. I can, I can see it on the inside and it, you, it's okay to be the aggressor sometimes. It's okay to be thirsty. You know, everybody want to be cool these days and pretend like they're not thirsty. You know? If you not, if you not quenched, it's okay. Be the aggressive. Sometimes you gotta go for what you want. My grandma always told me a closed mouth. Don't get fed.


In order to have or get somebody that you want, sometimes you gotta take initiative. Take initiative. Yeah. Yeah. Sis, I appreciate you sis sis. I love you, sis. I love you. And I thank you. I love you. And I thank you And. We thank you And. We you gonna be the plus one. We gonna make it happen. We gonna make it make happen, man. You Hey man. You know. Hey man, Jamaica, you be The Bahamas a beach. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Everybody all, all, all white. All white. I'm, matter of fact, matter of fact, I forgot what to tell you at the wedding. I'm coming in. I'm coming in on a white horse.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm riding a black one. You go, matter of fact, you are what you hooked me up with. Yeah. Let's go. That's, that's the kind of talk I like.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show. Now. You're on it. How does it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I be hate, I hate me. Hate when the kids will come over. Hey, your kids go, your kids go catch him. You know? It is hard. It's hard. You know, we we got, we got too many kids to be, you Know? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. We, you know, we got, yeah, it's, it is, it's rough around here, You know, but I keep, I, Hey, I'm in my room. I keep, I keep the, I keep the door closed. Yeah, yeah. Keep the door closed because you know I got you. You know what I'm saying? They coming there, you know, see something they, they ain't supposed to see. Yeah, I know. I know what you're talking about. Yeah. I I've been there before. Yeah. Catch the old, catch the old man trampoline. Hey, Go Ahead.


What you gonna say Ocho That? Listen, I was just getting ready to say I know it, it is inappropriate. Your kids ever caught you Ocho? We, we, We a family show. Oh yeah. They Caught you by accident. Yeah. You think you, you think you locked the door? Did you, did you lock the door? Yeah. And you turn and you hit a squeak at the door and you, and you stop. And you pause. And they just got that look, bro. That goddamn damn dope. Yeah. I got side of here, man. I got called two Ocho. I hate that. That's, that, that's a bad feeling. Yeah, that's a bad feeling. You, you feel. But, But you know, he came, he came here adapt today like that. God, that yeah.


Ain't slow now, but it won. It does slow down a little bit fast. Like I was, but hey, you know, man, you know I had, yeah. You know, man, old diamond Ocho, because I've been on them diamonds. I've been on them diamonds and not when they first came out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ocho. Well, I I'm talking about Ocho. I'm talking about, I was like, whoa. I, I got, I got, I got. I gotta try that. I gotta, I gotta try. Oh, Oh, Ocho man, the first time. Yeah, I talking, I, yo I'm talking about, I'm young. I'm talking about about twenties the first time. Ocho. Oh. You would take the thing way back then. You Take it back then say I wanted Ocho.


You know what I'm saying? I want to be Right. Right, right, Right, right. Because it The first time Ocho. Right. First time, you know, you got, you gotta leave that impression. Yeah. Ocho, I popped that thing. Yeah. Yes sir. So you don't Ocho I get up to go to the bathroom. Yes sir. I come back. She look up under the bed. She look all in the closet. She walked the hall. I said, girl, what doing she, who in the hell you by yourself? Oh, yo. She the bed in the closet in the hallway. She said, Hey, somebody helped you.


Ain't no way. Nobody, no one person did what you just did. Hey, man, you gotta tell, you gotta, you gotta tell me. Send me a prescription. I gotta your prescription for them things. Get that liquid. They make that liquid. A little straw, I think hit you quick. Wait, you put, you drop it on Underneath. Underneath. Where the, where the mortality gonna take about 30 to 45. Right. That leg will hit it, I think Right away. Get right in, right into transmission. Harder than the times of 29. What? Yeah. Y'all looking out there. That's the great Depression. That's what happened the year the great Depression happened in 29.


That's how hard them things had you. Right. Okay. Right. Ocho. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm I'm gonna try that At the end of year. That's a thousand. Lemme see what I can buy for a thousand. You gonna owe me a thousand. I, I'm trying to think what I can get for a thousand dollars and what can I get, what could Unc get for a thousand dollars? 'cause I'm gonna have a thousand at the end of a year from you. I bet you won't. That's at least, that's 13 diamonds. So you, You sitting here, you sitting here really thinking the Raven gonna beat the bango next year with a healthy jbo row. That's 13 diamond. I can get Ocho 12. Wait, that's how much thing cost? They 80 pill? Eight $80. 80, 80 to hundred a pill.


Oh hell, boy. Listen, I be, I be walking around with Ed. Oh no. Oh no. Hey, you be talking about Dickson. That's the only Ed I want. That's the only Ed I know and I know other Ed You talking about Eric Dickson. You lying to me. No, I'm talking about that, that you know that commercial that come on doing the I exactly what you're talking about. Yeah. I ain't paying who paying, who paying $80 for a pill? A a guy that's trying to get a mean one. A guy is trying to give mama a mean One. Ne ne never that mama, mama go get it from somewhere else. No, she ain't gonna get no, no, no. Not stay in my house. I ain't got no problem with it going against somewhere. But she ain't Finn be laying next to me and somebody else put me up.


Excuse me. And man, man, you, I want, I been chat man. I'm about to start talking like I'm at the barber shop. Man, please, My bad. That, Listen, that's, that ain't about happen to me. That's why The people here listen, Unc, you know how am when it come to money, man, you ain't who paying $80 for a goddamn pill just to do something. That gonna last two minutes. That don't make, that's damn Sense. That's too many long, man. Hey, ain't nothing like that excitement. You ride the rollercoaster when you was a kid. Got on a Merry-go-round. All they did was Yeah. Ride around. Had a thrill of your life. Nah, more than two minutes. Nah, you get the right one. Nah, it ain't, it ain't happening. As a Matter of fact, It ain't, You can't even get it wrong.


That's, that's something. You know what, ain't no such thing as no bad sex. It ain't anything bad. They bad sex $80. Yeah. You, you don't remember growing up and you, you been with somebody who ain't had no goddamn rhythm. They throw everything off. Yes, they is bad. Yeah, they, it is bad. I'm talking about bad. Like what, what, But I just thought that's what, that's, that's what, Hey, that's what you say. Let me leave. Right. Don't, no, that's what I say, Elcho. That's what I say. Don't nobody move with me. Hey, you ever, you ever seen somebody on the dance floor and you be like, yeah, where the hell is your rhythm? That happens, that happens horizontally all the time. Well, I can't say all the time 'cause I but Eight people. But, but I mean, but if you want all four, you can't mess up on all fours.


Yeah. Don't nobody boo. I want nobody move with me. Uhuh, Uhuh, Ocho. Mm. How did we get here? I don't know how we got. That's you talking about you didn't wanna pay no money. Oh nah. Oh, we was from, we went from $500. Oh, you talking about the okay. My bad. My bad. Yeah. Them down. Hey, what, what the, what the price is? Look the price up right quick. $80 bitch. Man, I'm, I'm good. I don't care. I don't care if they call 500. I, I'm good. I ain't shh. Listen, I don't even pay my own. I don't even pay my own bills on time. You think I'm paying $80 for a pill that's supposed to help me in the bedroom?


Child, please. It ain't happening. Hey, It ain't happening. Captain. $90. 90 per pill. 90. Hey that thousand dollars. That thousand I get me nine pills. Nine pills. Listen, 11. I get 11, 11 pills. 990 Keep You not gonna get it from me. 'cause the Bengal ain't losing to the Ravens. Next. Hey what? And you know OI go to the, they talking about you wanna put it in the bag? Yeah. I want you to put in the bag. You want me to walk outta here with it in my head so everybody can see what the FI got. Yeah. Put it in the bag. What you buy, buy, buy it with Pride Now. Need to know with pride.


Talk too much. Hey, I saw Shannon, Sharpe at CVS. He had them. He had them. He has them. Yeah. Buy your business man. You better put them in a bag. As a matter of fact. Put them in a bag. In another bag. As a matter of fact. Oh Joe, I buy stuff. I even need, Hey, you know what, can I get some mu snacks and let get a, I got my three things so they don't Extra, just buy extra stuff just to Hide. I can buy stuff I don't even need. I got music in there from 2020. Listen, my grandma always said if you got the hide, you don't need to buy it. If you got the hide, don't Need buy it. Nope. You don't need about you like calling my name wrong with you.


Man. Don't call my name. You order somebody, your script ready for pickup. I be looking around like, hey, Hell no. But that, that's funny. That's funny. You man. Man, be crazy man. Why you calling man? Y'all know me. Y'all done seen me that many times and I done picked up medicine. I had both hip repaired. I had, you know, I had a, I get hives. Yeah. So y'all know me. Y'all ain't gotta call my name. Y all y'all gotta do is sorry. Your or your or your prescription is ready. That's all y'all gotta say. Is it y'all? They gotta call my name and they gonna talk about unit $90. Man. Like yeah. Like who, like who on, on earth in they Right.


Mind would pay $90 for that. The government. How much? Look up and see how much the military spent on Viagra. The military is the biggest, the biggest of it. No, The military. The military. Because what they, They ain't got no business to do. They, they ain't got no business to be doing anything horizontal. They supposed to be focused on war. Yeah. Hey, hey, they ain't fighting. Every day. I'm thinking about war. I'm going, I'm going in the battle. That's why I put in my sister. I in my sister, I'm going in the battle. Yeah, we are. Huh? Pentagon, 84 million. Everything on The Pentagon spends $84 million annually on Viagra.


Oh, the Pentagon. What the hell they got going On? What the hell? The defense department that's for? That's for the military. Oh. They ain't even talking about cis. Cis might be better. They don't call the headache. And it last about two, three days. Alice. I Don't know. I heard though. I read about it. I don't know. OI Wait. Yeah, listen. Yeah, you sound very well Informed stuff I shouldn't Read. Nah, you sound very well informed. You use that too. Okay. They spend 294 million on Ed Drugs. Condoms? Yeah. Drugs. La Vira. Oh, LA Vira. Yeah. Yeah.


Now La Vira. I heard La Vira don't work that well. That sound like a drink. Yeah, I heard La Vitro. They don't, they don't really work that well. Listen, I, you know what I, I dunno. Ocho, I just heard that that's what somebody was telling me. I dunno. This dude, I was talking to this dude, I talked to this dude about three, four years ago. His name was Shannon? Yeah, his name was Shannon. He said, man, man, I, if I was you Unc, I wouldn't get that. I was like, all right. Yeah, but I don't know nothing about that. Listen, I ain't number 30. Yeah, I ain't number 30. I'm young. I ain't, I ain't got no problem. I'll holler at you in 30 years. Hey, hey, hey. At you. Hey. Lemme ask your question. You was fast, but you still worked on your speed in off season, didn't you?


Yeah. That's a good one. Yeah, That's A good one. That's a good one. That's smooth. That's smooth out. That's smooth. That's smooth. That's smooth. Yeah. But I, I, I'm sorry baby. I don't, I don't, I don't know that guy. I don't know the guy, man. They be talking about that them medi, that Lara, that Cialis. Yeah. Bad. but they say, they say that now, Viagra, you can't eat, say you gotta have a empty stomach because you know you want everything to, you know, you know, go to that area. Right, right, right, right, Right. But with that Sea Islands you can eat. You go out to eat, go to dinner. Right.


Soon as that thing soon. Does that thing go, you know, you about to go home, Right? Yeah. I had Oti You get, you take it early, get it in your system Need 30 minutes, 30, 45. Right. Okay. Okay. I'm, I see I'm not there yet. I'm not there. I don't Please take medication as directed. Right. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not there yet. I'm, I'm not there yet. But when, when that time come, I'm, yeah. Yeah. Me though Joe. I I I'm gonna do my homework. I mean, And you know, it come with side effects as you know, if you have an erection that lasts longer than four hours Right. You Gotta, you call medical. I'm gonna call about four, five other people. That's what I'm gonna do.


I dunno about you, but I call her calling doctor. Well, the doctor better be Karen, better be Quita. Her name better be her. He better be Tatiana. Her name need to be Valerie. That who my doctor better be. Hey, if I record for four hours, you gonna, I call You. Get that four hours worth of Yeah, it gonna down. Hey man, you shot out, man. That what I gonna do. Well you feel, you feeling good today? Boy, you, you feeling good tonight? Now you feeling good tonight?


Lainey Ray. Hey guys, congratulations on 700 k Ocho said his stripper name was Twix. Yeah. Shannon, if you had a stripper name, if you were a stripper back in the day, what would your stripper name be? That's a damn, that's a good one. They gonna call me Black Diamond 'cause I be shining. Okay. I like that Black diamond. Okay. Coming to stage one. Hey boy. Hey listen, them days when I used to dance, the right track was crazy, man.


And now I, it was crazy. Grades, days. I listen, I, I it's all about survival, man. Where I come from, it's about survival. So you do the thing necessary, we need to survive it longer. It, it doesn't put you six feet under or don't have you behind bars. And I did what I had to do and, and dancing in 1997. It built character. It built character for me. And, and not being shy. It, it helped me learn to speak in public because obviously, you know, being in the nude in front of women, it helped me be able to speak in front of large crowds. And it just, it just, it just made me different. Made it made me different. And, and I got a better understanding as well.


Always as a dancer. The women, the women of size, the women of health, the big bone. They tip good. They tip good. 'cause I, I'm 20 19, 20 years old in Macon. Goddamn, $2,500 a night on a weekend. But that's a, that's a lot of money, boy. Hey, Faye said, guess Faye said my name if I was a stripper would be Blue. Diamond Phillips. Hey, that's a good one. Blue. Diamond Phillips. Man, y'all need to stop with that Ojo. I just, just wanna know what that freedom For. Well, I, I wanna be a member of Mile high club. So I'm gonna have to get, because obviously I can't fit, I can't fit into a Delta bathroom, so I'm gonna have to rent a private jet.


Oh yeah. I'm gonna have to a private one. Nah, You, You can't do that. I got why I can't do that. You can't, you can't do that. You'll get in trouble. Hey, How about get in trouble. Listen man, you be, hold on, listen. You Gonna, they, but you end up on the no fly list. You ain't gonna be able to fly on no earth, no Airlines. I'm a private. I'm gonna get a private plane. Don't Joe. Nah, I don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. 'cause think, think about it. Think about it. Think about it. Rent a private Yeah. Private jet. We talk about 20, 30, 50,000 depending on your destination. Yeah. Just to get something that you can get for free because it's you. Yeah. Ain't worth it. Oh. So I would've become a member. Ocho, that's on my bucket list. You asked me the other day what's on my bucket list.


Okay. I say other than, but that's a little too much. That's what I wanna do. Yeah, but that's a, that's a little too much because you gotta think about it in hindsight, when you, when you put it all together and think about it, you actually paying 20, 30, 50,000 for some cat. We, we can't, I can't, I can't let, I Wouldn't let you about Even though Much I'm on the diamonds and I talk about if, if I, this is what I'm gonna do. Ocho, this is how I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna wait like a whole month. Okay. And then I'm gonna get on them diamonds. Right. Right. Pay taxing down the runway and get up there. Okay. You can right now. I'm done.


30 30. Y'all turn this thing around. We ain't ain. Left. Ain. Hey, Hey man, you shout Out man.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Yeah, John, make sure you got the whipped cream boy. Grab the whipped cream. John. Nah, don't do that John. Don't do that. Don't listen. Ocho, Listen. First time you gotta have a lasting impression. Grab the whipped cream and don't forget the toes. Hey, go. Hey, going to get one of no more diamonds in your system. All them diamonds on me. She'll mess with you now. Get them diamonds on you. Hey Blade, you gotta get that diamond on you. You go to put that diamond in your system by 30, 45 minutes. Don't eat nothing for about because you want that thing. You want all of it. You want the whole hundred milligram in your system. Hey, it's like, I don't know if you kicked cooked the Turkey before.


Put that diamond on you, boy. You got it. Light. Light. The Turkey burn the oven. Three 50, get it ready. Y'all know what I'm talking about. That thing be harder than prom wood. You know you went to the prom, you about to get that. Yeah, man, Ocho, I'm telling you man. I'm telling Ocho. Put that prom wood on the, Hey John. Hey man, I don't know. Hey John, I'm telling you. Listen to me now. Don't be fun. The Ocho you put with that diamond in your system. Yeah, 30, 45 minutes. I be hey every time. Don't, you don't wanna waste it so you get a good sense. So I kind of how the, how the knife going because you know I be, you know I'm, Hey lemme tell Ocho.


Lemme tell me that thing. You know I had a thing in my pocket right here. Have right here. You know we talking. Hey, you a little kid. I this Ocho I how to Hold. Hey, sneak it sneaking and put it in. Had a thing. You know that little pocket, that little g pocket got that little pocket. Right? Right. I, that thing sitting, I had that thing sitting up in there. Yeah, How you put it there? Hey girl, how you doing? You know, look, show man.


You about to get the arm, you about get the, Hey, you know that bacon arm and hammer? Yeah. About the hammer. Ain't hell No. Hell no. I, that thing on, That's a good one boy. That black, that boy, you, you ever heard of that, that, that, that, that, that rhino pill from the gas station. Yeah, I heard about it. I ain't try, I might need to try that. Huh? Well listen now Because you know rhinoceros, you know that's why they caught the horn because it's been, they said the rhinoceros can have sex up to five hours. Yeah. So the Asian, they they take the horn, they blend it and it, man, I don't know who wanna have man look here.


I know me. I don't know if there, I don't think there's a woman out there that want to have sex for no five hours. Listen, she might not want to, but she done been through it. Huh. Man, ain't ain't nobody take that kind of pounding. Ain't nobody take that kind of pounding No. Five hours or Joe. What, Who, who? Five hours. Man, listen, listen too many intervals. No, I, no, the rhinos I'm talking about. Here's the thing. You Talking about the rhino? Oh, I'm, I'm talking about me. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, No. Oh yeah. Five hours too many intervals at 99 miles an hour Pressure. God dang. Jack Rabbit. Yeah. I don't, well I don't play. I ain't got no time. I ain't got, I don't got no time. I ain't got no time to play.


About three hours at 99 miles an hour. Too many intervals had the time of life. Baby. Ain't, that's Spade Baby Ojo. You remember that? Yeah. Yeah. She know. She remember. Okay, I got that spa. Hey Ojo. Yeah. I got a spa. I got Spade Wood, I got two and Impossible in a 24 hour span. That's all I got for you. Two and impossible. Two, Two and impossible. Impossible. Don't hold it to that because don't hold me to that because it might get cut after the, after, after the first one I might got cut Ocho and I'm done. That's all I'm saying. Ocho. That's all I'm saying.


I mean, And they talking about Ocho. I mean come on now. Yeah, They be talking about oh, shadow. Oh that's, lemme ask you a question lady. Lemme ask you a question. Ocho. If you put a hotdog in the microwave for two minutes, what's gonna happen to it? Gonna explode ain't it? Okay. That what I, that's what, how did I was in there for two minutes. Hotdog exploded. Boop, daddy. Not what I did. I mean come on. What from me mad at?


Oh now work with me. I'll never tell you wrong. When you Right. Listen, you got, you gotta redeem yourself on. You can't go out like that. 'cause you said listen, you can't go out like, 'cause you gonna end up in the group chat. You don't want to end up in the group chat. You want, you want everything said about you. They ain't gonna positive, they ain't gonna tell nobody because they don't wanna listen. They ain't gonna tell nobody to group chat by Black Hammer. God, they don't. They wanna keep that on the R for themselves. I bet that. I bet that. All right. I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm just making sure I don't, I don't listen, I don't want you, I don't want you with no bad reviews like Yelp. I don't want you to know what bad, no bad reviews. Hey you ain't be, you ain't even talk about my goddamn co-hosts like that.


Hey, not only, hey my stars not only are they logos, they're ratings. You know the, you know what I'm saying? Stop with O Shit. But they be Ocho. You should be happy. Yeah. A man trampoline you for 45 minutes. Mm Oh. Something wrong with that. Huh? So yeah, that ain't it. Something wrong with you Man. Come on now. Now I can understand that the along you go, if you going multiple rounds, obviously you know it gonna take you a little longer. But I'm saying Something wrong with you. A Something wrong 45 minutes.


Man, look here. Who The hell? Un unless you clocking out at five o'clock and you work for Bang Brothers. Whatcha Doing? Joe? What You trying to prove? Oh, you know I, hey I turn, Hey I turn to the side like this. You already about to go. If you ever see a, I'm sitting on the couch. Yeah. I turn to the side like this once I turn back around at that point in time. Yeah. Ain't no turning back now. but they be, I mean that, but Ocho a woman should, if a man, if a man look, I mean sometimes you get excited and you have Yeah. Premature. You know what? Right, right, right. If you got that, if you got that, ooh, we if you got that F up.


Yeah. That's what's supposed to happen. Yeah. Yeah. Spo yeah. Most, most of the time they do. That's why, that's why you got the, you got the double back. You got the double back. They give, they give you five minutes, give you five minutes to recover Ocho. I promise you with that, with that diamond on me. Yeah. Nothing that's That real, that bad look here Ocho. What? That made the real, that made the real I'm I'm talking car, I'm talking about car bumper. You old car that had that steel back in the day. I ain't talking about that old, that rubber, that rubber bumper. Yeah. I got, you know babe, I need to get one of them blue diamonds.


Man, look here man. You Hey. Re don't let it. Do you like that re Nah, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna try that. I'm gonna try that. I mean, you, I mean I, I I got to, I got know so I could, I could be able to talk about it with you. So I'm listening to you and your experiences. I wanna know what that's like. I can't, can't be left out. I got, I got to know. I'm, I'm gonna figure it out though. Where, where I get it from? CVS or Walgreens? Just have your doctor write you a script. Oh, I need an old prescription. Yeah. Okay. I got, got They. Hey man, they ain't high now. They about, they about 800 pill. Who They about $8,000 pill? Nah, I'm good. I'm good. That's all you had to tell me. I'm Good. Hey Ocho, Ocho. Hey they pass Id when you put that diamond on?


They pass Id right here Ocho. You get grab it. I gotta grab an Oscar and a Tony. That what they advance out when you put that diamond on them? I Elijah Yo Cho. I swear God they give you that right there. They giving out trophies. What? I'm gonna get me one 'cause I ain't never won. Shit. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get me something Man. I'm Gonna get, I'm gonna get me something. This corner Black Diamond. Lemme ask you a question and, and, and, and MMA five minutes Title fights. Yeah. Five rounds Boxing. Yeah. Three minutes. Three minutes, 12 rounds.


Hey, I, hey Ocho, I ain't gonna lie to you. I scheduled it for 12. Probably gonna make it out the third. Probably gonna make it out the third. Somebody getting Ko don't somebody getting ko? Somebody getting Ko. Don't I tell it like it's, I'm coming, don't you? Hey, hell bad please. Hell nah. Hey, after they outta trouble, Hey, you get one of those on your, you straight. Hey, hold on. We'll be back on. We, we back on Saturday after the playoffs, right? Yeah, we off tomorrow. Right.


Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you off? We off, we, we back. You and I back on on Saturday? Yeah, On Saturday. You know what Saturday? I'm a, I'm gonna make, I'm gonna get that. I'm gonna get that Blue Diamond Saturday. I'm gonna tell you how it went once we finished talking about the game. Okay. Yeah. I got you. Hey. Oh bad. I couldn't die. I, man, I was like, I was like a drug. I couldn't fuck you without it. Right. I was afraid. I see. I I don't want to get addicted now. I just, I just want, I just want to be able to No, She gonna get a, she gonna get addicted. Yeah. Yeah. All right. We, we gonna, we gonna work on that. I try to blow. Yeah, we gonna work, we gonna, You know, I heavyweight, I heavy. I ain lie to yo I heavy Guys.


I know 40,000. Hey y'all hit that like button. Hit the subscribe button. I know. All 40,000 now. We appreciate you. I don't want you to think that we're not appreciative of that. You're actually watching and listening to us in the chat, but hit that, hit that subscribe button. I know, I know. If we can just get, if we can get like 10, 15% of y'all to hit that subscribe button right now, I would greatly, greatly appreciate that. Nah, I ain't on them blue diamonds tonight, man. I man, y'all what? Your ball them diamonds all the time. Hey. Yeah. That, that's gonna mess, that's gonna mess up Your liver there gonna mess up your liver. It is. I don't know. I'm just, I just hear that all the time.


I did hear that. Talking about, I, I did hear it talking about they go it mess with your eyesight. Talking about you might go blind with them diamonds. For real? Yeah. I be, I think like, Hey, well you gonna, you gonna be, you going, you look like Ed James. Hey Di, I ain't gonna say, I ain't gonna say no joke. Yeah, you Can't sing it. You can't sing it. You can't sing it. No, No, we can't say it. Hey, I mean, look. Hey, it ain't stop Stevie. It ain't stop Stevie from doing, doing shaking the cover. It didn't stop Ray Charles from shaking the cover. Yeah. Oh boy. Ray Charles was loose with it, bro. Yeah. So what, what that mean? If I can't see Het play, I the Hey There ojo?


Nah, I got, listen, I got, I got the, the perfect, perfect scenario, perfect scenario for, for the next players. Josh Hart. I know you're gonna see this Jalen Brunson. I know y'all gonna see this cold tub. I know you already do that. Anyway, cold tub before the next game. You got, you got a few days to rest, contrast back and forth before the next game, after doing the cold, cold tub. You do your shoot around whatever. I know you're not going, you're not going bet is not gonna push you hard before your next game. Right Before you play again. Hit the cold tub right before the game. Take a half a Viagra, take a half a Viagra, and I guarantee you it get the blood flow going.


That explosion and you feeling fresh like it's the beginning, beginning of the season. That's exactly how you gonna feel. I'm telling you it's gonna save you. I boy, I I used to do the contrast before what I, but what he came over, you know, I contrast, you'll get hot, cold, cold, hot, Hot, hot, hot, cold and back forth. Oh yeah. And you get that fresh, you get that fresh blood flowing, flowing through the body. Hey. And you, Let's go, let's do, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. Hey, Hey. The people in the chat that probably don't know that have never played sports at that level, maybe if you played in high school, don't understand what it feels like when you get in that cold tub and that hot tub. You contrast back and forth and you get, you get those chills, you freeze everything up and you get in that, that that hot tub and everything released and you get back in the cold and do it back and forth.


I I used to do it about maybe three times. Yeah. And when it's time to go out there and run again, boy, I sw for God. It feel like you never ran a day in your life. Yep. It feel like you never ran A day in man feel so flushed, so ooh, it feels so good. Brand new. Yeah, man. Yeah. But again, If you, if if, if, if Josh hard, Jalen Brunson, I know y'all gonna see this. Add the half a pill, add half a Viagra. I'm telling you, the increase in blood flow is going to help the lower body extremities to increase explosion, athleticism, lateral movement, all that shit. I promise you, I lie for you before I lie to you. Try it. The Volume


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another Season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista and NFO Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.