
If you are a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, it can turn up the heat literally, but don't sweat it. Grainger has you covered. Grainger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse, hvac, maintenance, and even better, they offer access to experts and fast delivery. So you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com Or just stop by Granger. For the ones who get it done.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant, and Akbar Baja Bila. For a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


the 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. Draftking Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draft King Sports book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions. Terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right there in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices. Views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Monica, we had a dis, a very healthy, that's the term I like to use. Yeah, our healthy discussion this morning. You said Shannon, I knew I was in trouble because you normally call me unc when you call me Shannon. I was like, oh, here we go You. You Said Shannon and Stephen a this deserves a more nuanced conversation. You know how television work, you got the top of the hour, you got the bottom of the hour, you gotta get in and out and you got a lot of people I wanted to get 'cause we reached out to you earlier today asking could you come on? You said yes. So I want to give you an opportunity to what you, what you wanna say Ocho Before y'all go. Being that y'all have a better knowledge of the game of basketball, whether it be NBA or WNBA as someone on the outside looking in that was able to watch y'all this morning.


I want to tell you that was peak elite sports journalism as far as conversation is concerned, there're gonna be so many different opinions. Whether wrong, whether right Monica, I ain't know you could cook. I ain't know you was a chef because honey, you was cooking this morning. You hear me? You was cooking unc, you had your points. But the passion. Yes, the passion and authenticity, Monica that you spoke with today. Well I'm talking about man, bro, I was on the edge of my seat. You had, you made your point and then Monica, you and Steven, they going back and forth and I'm sitting on the edge of my seat like, man, what is going on? That's was, listen, that was peak elite.


I'm talking about elite television. So anytime there's any, any type of NBA topics, WNBA topics, if the execs at ESP knew what they were doing, they need to make sure they had that same, that same trio and all along with Molly because that that, that was great. That was fabulous. I'm just saying like all, I'm not saying it because you on the goddamn show tonight. 'cause you see I'm cursing. That shit was, that shit was fucking fabulous. That was, that was a tv. Thanks. Well the thing is that ocho, that when you do television and Monica attest to this, you never know what you're gonna get because you have so many, you have sometimes two, three, maybe even four people and it's an opinion based show. Yeah. Monica had her opinion.


I had mine, Steven, they had had his. And so Monica says a topic like this deserves a more nuanced conversation that we don't have to worry about getting into a break. So if Monica needs to talk 15 minutes straight, we can allow Monica to do that. Monica, the topic came up basically as Caitlin Clark. Is the NBA or are some of the players in the WNBA have a personal vendetta? Are the envious, are they jealous? Are they, is there resentment? I think the term resentment even up ugly showed his head up into the conversation. So I wanna turn the floor over to you. What point do you want to reiterate? What point did you didn't get an opportunity to make that you would like to make now the floor is yours.


Well, so let me, I'm gonna take y'all. Two things happened to me. I actually went to the Liberty game on Friday and this episode sort of speaks to the growth of the game. My fiance and I, we just take the train home 'cause it's easiest. We're in New York and there are a couple of white boys. One of 'em went to Auburn, his brother went to University of Missouri. His girlfriend was with him, another young, another young white man in, they're playing their late twenties. One of 'em might've been in the early twenties and it was a black woman that clearly just left the liberty game that sat across from them and they just spark up y'all this spontaneous conversation about women's basketball. And yes, it was about this particular play and it was a little bit about this guy and Angel. It was Caitlyn and it was about the liberty. And I'm looking at my fiance like, this is crazy.


Like we're just on a train. Right? And folks that you might not think are watching the WNBA pop into this conversation and they're both engaging. They started talking about Auburn and the Tuskegee and I was peak ear hustling for the record, but they was loud. So, But I say that to say OCHO and Shannon, I get that we are at a special place when it comes to women's basketball and the growth of the game and all of the eyeballs. I think what I was frustrated by in our conversation earlier is that we can hold more than one truth y'all. Yes. Like the idea of some players being jealous Yes. That that probably exists. But I think in Kaitlyn's debut since or since she has made her debut, there's been a large and loud clamor.


A push or push. Yes. That is Kaitlyn versus the W. Okay. And that is unfair. Okay. To me. Yeah. Jealous. Sure. I mean would you be jealous if somebody that got 28 million a shoe deal or whatever the deal is before you step foot in the pros, right? Yeah. I just need us all to do a better job of holding room for multiple truths. Jordan, as a rookie Joe, right? Aunt LeBron as a rookie, like when, as a rookie, when you look at guys that have gone on to be great, I'm sure they would not say their rookie years were cakewalk. Now in the case of LeBron and if we use wi this year, they have physically dominant and powerful statures. Right? And so maybe that has allowed them to skirt some of her. But Kalyn is the guard coming from college, right?


She got get her weight up. The W has to continue to allow her to be one of the leaders of this platform as Angel Reese has also been, 'cause I know that's gonna be a hot topic tomorrow. And so my whole thing is just it. It doesn't have to be either or it can be both. But the prevailing idea that it's the W versus Caitlyn and that these women don't understand the power of the eyeballs and the audience that she's helped grow the league to, that's just unfair. And that's what bothers me. Mm. Go ahead Ocho. Listen again, from the outside looking in, I have come to enjoy watching W-W-N-B-A now as a new fan, I had the opportunity, Monica, to see the dream play the wings, I mean, yeah, the, the, yeah, the the wing.


Yeah. Dallas. Dallas Wings, right? Dallas, Dallas Wings. And in Atlanta, maybe two or three weeks ago, and I, I've, I haven't never been in atmosphere like that from the game to the enthusiasm with the crowd, the dj, everything was jumping from first quarter, the fourth quarter. The halftime show was phenomenal as well. So the engagement and the experience that I had at that WNBA game, when the dream played the wings, that's what I'm expecting. Now. I have a chart with the, with the misses where we starting on the east coast and we're working our way up to the west coast. I'm starting with, I'm going to another dream game, then I'm gonna make my way to Dallas. And from Dallas I'm gonna Chicago to see the sky.


From the sky. Then I'm going to LA to see the sparks. And then we going to Phoenix and then we going, we gonna finish off in Vegas. Okay. Now I'm hoping, based on the experience I had in Atlanta. Yeah. And in that, in that stadium, I'm hoping the rest of the atmospheres are like that too. Obviously the game of basketball is good. I've come to learn all the players now I have a bunch of jerseys that I, that I bought for my road trip. I'm hoping, I'm not sure how, I don't know them personally. I'm hoping they'll sign my jersey so I can put it up here in my man cave. And like I'm, I'm locked in now. I'm locked in and, and, and watching y'all this morning solidifies everything because obviously I'm a new fan. I'm new eyeballs to it.


And I think, I think after this year they will almost, I'm not saying they're gonna be able to compete with the the NBA. They will us from a an exciting standpoint, what's going to happen next. Okay. Also, lemme ask you this, lemme ask you this because this where, turn to Shannon from me this morning. I just wanna mush him. Give you a hypothetical outro. Come on, come on. Now lemme take you back to your playing days, right? Okay. Okay. Okay. Boom. This new corner. He, he BB bop, he all this big fat contract. Yeah. You about to square up with him. Outro.


What are you gonna do with a squaring up against, across this from somebody who was supposed to be all this and all that for the future of the league? Oh, he finna get this work. What? So honey, he, he, he finna get this work. You hear me? He finna get this work. You ain't Mr. Beat when you said that Ocho. Oh yeah. All of a sudden some in the media have have allowed this idea of roll out the yellow brick road, roll off the red carpet because this is your cash cow. Why that idea has caught so much steam. Blows my mind. Oh, okay. Agree. 'cause we're still talking about competition, which is a beautiful thing that y'all both have made millions Off off. But lemme ask you a question though, Joe, to Monica's point. Yes sir. That hot shot corner, he's a top five pick.


Yeah, let's just say for the sake of argument, he's standing there, you gonna roll up in the back of his legs. Oh, I see. Oh, I see, I see where you're going. I see. No, no, no. Don't see what I'm saying. Just like you fired off. Hey Monica, I need you to fire off. Would you roll up in the back of the Yeah, I'm be trying to Use my technique. Don't be trying to use my, Nah, you know, you, you know, I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't take no chief shots. She know that. Okay, See that's, So that's it. I'm gonna stay with Shannon's example because now you back to Shannon 'cause you gonna my nurse Now Ocho you're not gonna do that and tell me what percent of the league you probably think would probably agree with you As far as not doing that. Not Yeah, no, no, nothing dirty.


Probably probably about 98% because there, there's a, there's, there's a 2% chance that's some that really don't give two, you know what? And they'll do it. Okay. So I hate math. In fact, my fiance laughs at me. He calls me a mathematician all the time. But let's just just roll with me for a second. We got 11 games. Yes. We got one incident. I I think that's a little less than 10% of the events so far in which this has happened to have a conversation. So I just, I just want us to hear out that competing, because you have been deemed the next step is a part of competition, man or woman, right? I, we all agreed that Kennedy Carter had a bad look. We all agreed that was a bad look for her. And I'm not making excuse for that.


I think the thing is also Monica who did the look given her track record and who the look happened to Ocho I used the argument this morning, Trent Green got hit in the pocket in his knee and they didn't train the rules. 11 years later, eight years, nine years later, Tom Brady got hit in the knee. What did they do to the rules about hitting the quarterback below the waist? Ocho They changed the rule right away. So I I I think Monica, to your point, had it not been, had it been someone else that doesn't have the track record of Ms. Carter and if it wasn't on the person who she did that to, I agree with you. I don't believe the outcry would've been what it was. But it was Chicago who it was, And I, I'm gonna actually add this.


I think the fact that it wasn't called a flagrant on spot is probably what helped elevate this conversation. But that And we talking about bad officiating across the N bba. Do you know what I mean? So yeah. Literally Shannon, we get the call this morning that we gonna lead the show with this. And I'm like, this is the most non-story story I think we've ever led a show with. Because to me it's just not that big of a deal. Hey, it made for great people. That's not, that's not what Twitter, that's not what was treated. That is saying though. And you know how, and Monica, you've been in TV long enough. You know what, what leads Yeah, people like man, y'all, y'all do is talk about the cowboys. The cowboys. People want to talk about the cowboys, right?


People want to talk about Kaitlyn Clark. All of a sudden, to a large, a larger percent want to talk about the WNBA, which is good. What is bad is that they're not talking about the WNB in a positive. When you're looking at it in this situation. And I get what you, I get what you're saying. You're like, yeah, it is a nuanced conversation and two things can be true. People want to compete. This was an isolated incident. There's not a whole lot of incidents where people are clothes lining Cland Clark tripping or shoving or, and doing petty things of that nature. So let's look at this. This is what it was. This happened. But lemme ask you a question. Tell me, You and I we talked about it like, damn, we, our teammates, y'all saw the girl get clocked in the back like that Ocho you know, in football you do something to one.


I got especially one of our main guys. Yeah. Oh, we got, we got get you back Monica. But we gotta make it look like it's a part of football. Okay. Right. And I think making it look like a part of the game is a huge thing. But I'm gonna tell y'all story. In college we played Louisville And, we actually got the rule changed in women's college basketball. 'cause Louisville used to take a lap around the court, around the whole court. We were warming up. Hold on. And y'all home stayed. And y'all They did it everywhere. They did it at George, at Georgetown in McDonough Arena. We were on our side warming up. I'm not gonna name any of my teammates 'cause I still love them dearly. Somebody, somebody tripped up somebody from Louisville and a brawl ensued, right?


Oh, we made it, we made it to Sports center in a little, it was like w like now Monica is not a fighter. Do you know what I did in that moment? You scrap? No, I grabbed the basketball and said, y'all stop. We got a game saying to you. What I'm saying to you is, if your DNA is not, I'm, I'm a go, I'm gonna force. So I'm Finn to scrap. That's not a switch that you can just turn over, turn on you. Right? If I had, if I had, if I was on the baseline And, we would, I was actually in the tussle then I'd have had the fight or fight, right? But I was shooting a jump shot. I looked down, they was scraping and I was like, oh no, we can't do this.


Right. So this idea that the personalities on the fever squad, all of a sudden it go flip, turn into enforcer. It's not fair to who they're, they go pick their teammate off the ground, they grab her, they encourage her to calm down and take a deep breath. We're not in their practices. I don't think that this is, oh they must not love her. Like I think we might reading a little bit too deeply in it. And y'all, they've won two games out of the 11 they played, they got some real things to worry about in terms of trying to win versus trying to fight. Yeah. But lemme ask you a question. Could it be a situation if they were had a better winning record? It's like, man, y'all talking about this team, y'all talking about this person and she's shooting 40%.


They only won two game. Y'all talking about it like she's stew. Y'all talking about them like they, the the Connecticut son or the ACEs of somebody. Come on now. Do you as, as, as as women, do you guys, because I know, look, y'all keep talking about this and they ain't done anything, do y'all, do you hear that and get fed up? Like, hold on bro. There are other people out there playing the game too. Now, come on. Now I know that this is not journalism one on one OCHO, but I'm gonna flip it right back to you. Yeah. We, When you were competing at a high level, if somebody was appointed next up and na team was not the needle wasn't moving in the W column and you felt like you were better then and it had earned more accolades and attention, then what, what, how was you gonna respond?


Yeah, I'm trying Me, anybody, anybody that had a name, I'm trying to embarrass 'em. 'cause I'm trying to elevate my name. Yeah, That's the way, that's the way I, that's the way I, that's the way I went about it, Monica, is that I wasn't gonna do it. Now all I needed to know, and I told Ocho Ocho can attest to this. All I needed to know, are we playing snap the whistle or snap the after the whistle? I just know I, so I just need to get in the right frame of mind that how we gonna do it. Because if we being nasty, I just need to know at the start of the game, okay, we gonna be some nasty mo foes for four quarter I'm down. Yeah. I mean, listen, even, even though, even though the fever of only won two games, we have to, we have to understand the Cowboys, they haven't won in th what, 30 something years?


Yeah, they still move the needle, the Lakers, they haven't won. Well, the 2020 championship, I'm not, I'm not sure if we count there's an asterisk behind that. But again, the Lakers, they moved the needle, the Yankees, they haven't won in the World Series. I'm not sure in how long, but they moved the needle. Caitlyn Clark, she moves the needle. Angel Reese, she moves the needle. I mean that just, that just the, the makeup of it. And that's the way it will always be. And it's gonna be like that for a long time. I, I wish people would get comfortable with that and that that's the way it's gonna be. And you created, you created a different demographic, a different set of eyes, and, and they, they're going to enjoy the game. And now I'm excited to watch the WNBA because I wanna see what's going to happen next because I don't, I have no idea.


I have no clue. So Ocho, I love that. And this is where I continue to stay more than one thing can be true. They have absolutely moved the needle. And I think Caitlyn Clark Andres both are gonna be all stars and superstars in this league. They are both rookies, right? And so I quite frankly, the idea that she would see less than true competition, again, obviously we are excluding non-basketball and dirty plays is not only disrespectful to the rest of the league, but it's disrespectful to her. She, we talked to her two years ago in Dallas at the NCAA championship game, and you guys have probably all seen the features at this point, grew up playing with her brothers with the ultimate competitor. And so as a competitor, you wanna buy square up across from you and take it lightly.


You're trying to go proof yourself. And so for me, the fact that we've lost that at the root of this thing, we are talking about competition and women competing at a high level. That is the part that bothers me the most. And then there's 28 years of this league being established, and in the last five, the needle has moved. The charter thing has been in motion. You gotta shout out, Mark Davis, the Vegas owner, Joe and Clara si the liberty owners, like people that have really helped to put the pressure on these women receiving professional level treatment. Has caem expedited the process? Yes. But there's also been a groundwork that has been laid. And so I just encourage all the new folks like you, Ocho, come on in, come on in and watch.


Come one. Come on, Grab your notebook, take some notes. Or you start bumping them gums. That's all I ask. So lemme ask, because when I look at Caitlyn Clark and people look at her and they're like, well, what about all that trash talking she was doing in, in, in college? What about all the stuff that she was shoving people down in college? They saw that. And so now her talking trash in college might intimidate some folks. You come to the w these are grown women. These women got kids, these women 25, they 28, they 30 years of age, they don't care. And I think like I, and like I said, Monica, I you, oh, you got the name. If I tear you up on the court, right, they gonna be talking about me.


You know what? I think there's a, there's a learning curve as a rookie, my rookie year, I was talking trash in college, my rookie year in the NFL, but I ain't say nothing. I, I didn't, I didn't say nothing. I didn't even talk to the media until I got acclimated to the game. I understood the game and the game started to slow down for, slow down for me. So when year two came and I started talking, once I figured it out, it was a wrap. I'm sure at some point Angel Reese already talking sis sister, she hey, she, she letting it fly. As soon as Kaitlyn Clark gets acclimated to the game and it starts to slow down for her, and she, and she picks it up. I guarantee you she gonna be back to her talking, her talking ways.


I'm sure based on what we saw at Iowa, I think Go ahead, Monica Ojo you spot, you're spot on. Right? And but I think part of what has made this such a hot topic is that when a goat, like she swes, who was a multi-time gold medalist, a four-time, WNBA champ and umpteen time, WNBA All star, the woman to have her first, the first woman to have a signature shoe for Nike. When she said there was a curve, it was, she was hating when Diana Tara Rossi said, yeah, there's a curve at the Women's Final four. She was hating and I think, or the new fans, I get it, y'all rolling with y'all girl, you protected whatever, whatever. But that wasn't hate. That was people that have been here and watched this league.


Those were truths. And that is okay, that's part of all of our journeys. You gonna hit a curve at some point? Yeah. Especially for a guard. See people look at, I say, bro, y'all expecting her to be Candace Parker, where she comes out as rookie of the win rookie of the year and MVP. Yep. Canice is six four. Kaitlyn Clark might be what? Six foot Monica. So you're asking a guard to do something that is dominant big in college. Hey, Candace Parker was legit. She could rebound. Got your double digit rebounds. Got what? She was a 1910. She was a defensive player of the year. She was tremendous. And I think everybody, you look at Kaitlyn, she led the nation in scoring at about 32 points a game led the nation of in assist. So automatically people automatically think, well, she gonna come in and do the NBA.


Them women will not let that happen. No, you play harder against someone. It's just nature because you know they can embarrass you. You not Finn embarrass me. You're not finna have me on Sports Center, especially now. And I know EF fear really covering the WNBA. Oh you, I'm not finna be your highlight package. It ain't gonna happen. Monica. I'm sorry, it's not, I just, when this conversation come back up, man, I'm not around. I just want you to keep that same energy because that's all of it. And to me that is beautiful. That is the point of competition and it should be celebrated. Yeah. Angel Re had some comments today. Yeah, take a li take a listen to the sound. What Angel res had to say today. It all started from the national championship game and I've been dealing with this for two years now and understanding like, yeah, negative things have probably been said about me, but honestly I'll take that because look where women's basketball is.


People are talking about women's basketball. You, you never would think that we'd be talking about women's basketball. People are pulling up to games. We got celebrities coming to games, sold out arenas, like just because of one single game. And just looking at that, like, I'll take that role, I'll take the bad guy role and I'll continue to take that on and be that for, for my teammates. And if I wanna be that, and I know I'll go down to history, I'll look back in 20 years and be like, yeah, the reason why we watching women's basketball is not just because of one person, it's because of me too. And I want you to realize that a lot of us have done so much for this game and Kennedy has been here before obviously, but there are so many great players in this league that have deserved this for a really, really long time. And luckily it's coming now. Yeah. Talk your track what you talk about, man, you watching the game 'cause of me and she ain't lying because I'm one of them to talk about.


Huh? Thoughts on thoughts on her comments, Monica? I love it. I love it. But, and this is where we talk about you're not gonna turn into somebody different overnight. Angelice has never shied away from the mic. She's willing to wear that villain label, however unfair it may be. But she gets it in the macro. And what I love about Angel, even when she announced she was going pro and vogue, she speaks about the macro and she does that deliberately. That is not just, oh, I'm gonna just throw in the women that have come before me. Right? And I think that is important and what makes and what is endearing about watching her. But she's absolutely right. The girl, I'm sorry, I don't know her name, but the girl streamed a sky's preseason game on her phone, y'all, and had umpteen tens of thousands of viewers that were Watching.


I think it was like two, wasn't it? Like over a million? It probably Got a million, But you know what I mean. So there is a demand and she absolutely has been a part of creating that, that demand. She's a huge part of this rookie class as well.


Reilly, You need parts, O'Reilly Auto Parts has parts need them fast. We've got fast. No matter what you need, we have thousands of professional parts, people doing their part to make sure you have it. Product availability, just one part that makes O'Reilly stand the part, the professional parts people Oh, oh, O'Reilly Auto Parts


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions, get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders your loyal viewers show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Well, we, we can't, we can't let Pat McAfee, I guess he watched us this morning. He, he was, he had some coffee. He probably had an energy drink. Do we have his sound? We we, we can't play it. Sound who? Monica. Well, I know you heard, I know you've heard it. I heard now I think Pat got a little bit too amped. He forgot. Like, man, this live this, you know, normally we have a conversation like this, Monica, you and I, you and your girls off air, but we got a microphone. And. we got And, we got a camera with a red dot going. Yeah. So what did, what, what did you think when you heard PA start going? So I didn't actually watch it, but I read the transcript and all the articles that came down.


Okay. Honestly, y'all, my first thought was, okay, here we go with this not being about race, Right. From a person who is white. Right? And again, this is where I say, and I, and I'm, I'm speaking honestly clearly concisely. This is where I say multiple things can be true, right? I wonder what this would look like if Kailyn Clark was black. She is proud of who she is. That's fantastic, right? But this is where all the layers of this conversation come in, right? The WNBA is a predominantly black women's league. Correct? There it's also a, largely a queer league, right?


And the gender, sexuality, race, it's hard to parse this out of that conversation, at least for me as a woman because I can't walk away from any part of who I am, right? Yes. And so his point about the other white chick in the league that have been buckets, sure Stew, the MVP is won multiple DT championships with the Las Vegas ACEs dt obviously we had a conversation about her as a go, right? But to act as if there is no space to sit back and just wonder, again, all I'm asking for folks that have just joined is to open your mind. Ultimately, you may disagree and that's fine, but you should be able to have, be able to hold space to evaluate all the pieces that seem to be at play.


Now if you decide to pick up three instead of six, that's on you. But you gotta be able to sit back and acknowledge all the pieces at play just out of, out of respect for humanity at large. I would say, Monica, you said something very interesting and you would know better than I, but I, I was, I was thinking this but I never said it. But since you brought it up, let's go here. How much do you think predominantly black queer helps or hurt the WNBA? That's a loaded question, Shannon. I think the W in the last few years has done a great job of leaning into who they are. They are not hiding who the, who these women are. And these women, these women Are, are not Hiding who they are. One thing about this rookie class has been their willingness to share their lives.


But I had a chance to catch a great documentary This summer, a courtesy of the W-N-B-A-P-A. And I'm blanking on the name of the documentary and I apologize, but it highlighted John Quell Jones, Brianna Stewart and Chinette Neka Neke, right? And as veterans in this league, J's been an MVP, Neke has won a title and been an M-V-P-M-V-P Stuy obviously has been a multi-time, MVP and won championships as veterans. They talked very honestly about opening up their lives, right? Because that was a big choice for them. And one of the commentators, Lindsay Gibbs in that piece talked about being able to enjoy this league and celebrate these women even more when you get to know them, right?


Right. And I think that star power of this rookie class growing up with social media, Caitlyn has 2 million, angel has 3 million, right? They've already been used to sharing their lives, right? And so I think the w has leaned in on who they are. But as new audiences are getting to know these women, hopefully they find a way to strike a chord with them beyond just being basketball players. And so, candidly, I'm not a hundred percent sure what happens in marketing meetings when you begin to look at who you wanna partner up with, with the WNA, because like we started this conversation, gender, race and sexuality are parts of conversations that you just cannot escape. The documentary you're talking about is called Shattered glass. There it BAP story.


Thank you. I'm, I'm glad you had this conversation because at the end of the day, you like, people are like, well go market, go market. But at certain time, you know, certain, certain demographics you're trying to market too. 'cause like when we go out, okay, we have to pitch, okay, who are you trying to, who are you trying to reach? We, we club Shehe. Nightcap, we might not be able to reach who an advertiser or a sponsor try to reach. So it doesn't make sense for them to give us money if the people that they're trying to reach are not watching nightcap, not watching Club Shake Shack, right? And so what you're saying, Monica is like, okay, we got to appeal to the people that you're trying to reach.


But to say that gay and queer people don't buy healthy and don't buy auto insurance, it's just not true to say, right? To say they don't go grocery shopping or buy cars. It's just not true. So they are people, they might have chosen an alternative life that's outside of the norm, whatever norm is, there's a new definition of norm now. But I believe that you can reach people because everybody that watches television, they're a consumer. You buy something, whether it's food, whether it's auto insurance, whether it's whatever the clothing, whatever the case may be. I mean, you purchase something And when, when it comes to marketing and branding and WNBA and those that are queer are part of that community in general, that community always sticks together, always sticks together and support each other.


So the marketing on that end should be easy anyway. It's common sense, especially when it comes to the higher ups and the execs that are sitting in positions of power. That's a no-brainer as far as when it comes to marketing and branding and doing it that way. Now, if they, if they want some ideas, you know, from the true number one marketing brander himself, I can, I can guide them in which way to go and know how to do it Like that. Simple. That's what I Did. You might need to get some boardroom tables. Ocho Monica, lemme ask you this because you know, a lot of times Black, we used to have, like, who was in that room? Why are you talking trying to, you know, market the blacks and there's no blacks in the commercial. Would it help if there were queer gay in the, that could say, Hey guys, they they have purchasing power.


I don't know, I'm in California, man, they shut down. We hope. Gay pride is a big, is a big thing that, so somebody drinking beers, buying cocktail and buying clothes, Monica, I'm just saying somebody doing that. Yeah. And, and listen, the marketing has improved, right? But if we wanted to get into the weeds, and gosh, oh man, I should have pulled up all my research because there was a, a wonderful article done, I wanna say about two seasons ago that looked at what demographic still of, in terms of represent the WNBA still got the lion's share of marketing opportunities. And it was largely straight white women. Now in two years, I do believe that there have been improvements made in that area, okay? Right. And I, and like I said, the WBA has leaned into who they are.


These women are leaning into who they are. They, there's a number of queer athletes out of W that I could think of that have had commercials and are currently in commercials that are still airing. And it's beautiful to see. And so I do think that things are changing, but just like in society, y'all, as painful as it is, right? When we start having conversations about this societal totem pole, people, especially women that sit at identities, shout out to Dr. Alfie, my girl that have intersectional identities often don't have privilege. And so they're minimalized a little bit, or not a little bit. They, they become minimalized. And so that, again, that's a whole nother loaded conversation. And I'm not trying to tell anybody that they can't be a fan of this player or that player, but as you join this WNBA fanfare, welcome it's room for everybody.


There have been 28 years of groundwork and there have been numbers of opportunities of research, right? Like, and then when you look at the demographics of this league, like just keep your mind open to what is the reality of someone else's experience that may not look like you. That's, that's the part that's frustrating to me in this conversation. Y'all like one to hear ex athletes say, oh, just let her do whatever. And two folks that aren't taking the time to just do a little bit of digging about what the WNBA has been, how powerful these women have used their voices, what they stand for, because it's beautiful. Yeah, It is. And thank you for opening up and sharing that with us. I mean, you know, you being around the game, you playing the game, you, you being a a, a woman yourself, you are better to speak to this and OCHO than I because you are in that situation.


There's no better person to speak to about a woman than a woman. And so sometimes, you know, as men, we try to sit back and try to, I don't know what it's like to have a baby never had one God, I I don't want them kind of problem. So, so I, I like women when women talk about women issues, yeah, I can have an opinion, but I'm just speaking at it from a man's point of view. And sometimes we only see things through the prism in which we are, you know, if I'm looking from a mountaintop, I don't know what it's like in the valley because I'm on top of the mountain looking out you being a woman playing basketball, playing in the WNBA, who better to speak to issues like this than a person like yourself. But how often do, how often when things like this do the WNBA, the pa do they have you speak to the women that's coming into the, how many times do you go out and speak to women's group being who you are, being the platform that you do have?


Are you given those opportunities to speak, speak up for women? So I was gonna let you rock with this on, but I gotta I gotta check you one thing on my resume. I decided that I was done after college and wasn't about to dabble in the W Oh you, I did not play in the W but okay, I also, I'm gonna have to get with the Chad Ochoco agency to get me some more speaking engagements where your, Whatever you need. Listen, listen, I, I I have a marketing firm, a branding firm. So anything you need, just, just holler at me. I can, I can, I can get the ball rolling. I got you. Yeah, I, I all jokes aside, I have had the opportunity to speak not just to women's teams, but like last year I had a chance to talk to rap with the Los Angeles Rams, right?


And just offering a different perspective as a member of the media. I do know that our friends and colleagues, Lachy Robertson and KO Guke led a great media preparation session for the rookies coming in this season. And so the w and the PA are about giving their players resources as are the NBA, right? And so the league is just continuing to grow. And when you talk about its male counterpart, it has a 50 year headstart, Right? Monica? I think the thing is a lot of times in people's like, well I think the thing what really got it trending at the end is that, well, Steve, you said Stephen a you had this platform and you're doing it now, but you probably should have done this a lot sooner. Me, I'm gonna address that.


But I have club Shesha and people are like, well, why did you have more women? I've reached out to women that, that play or played in the WNBA and I get no returns. I've had one lady, she's not a, she's not a professional basketball player. Two days before she's like, I'm gonna have to reschedule and now my team can't get ahold of her. So I tried to, to give women, 'cause I, hey, I got a nice sized platform. So I want to give you an opportunity to share, tell whatever story that you want to tell. You want to talk about your upbringing, you want to talk about your life as a professional athlete, you as a, as an entertainer or a celeb have at it. But it, it is not as easy as you think Monica, because a lot of times women, no, I'm about to stop you right now.


I believe you, but I'm gonna also say this because I had to think twice before I said yes. 'cause I seen some night cap clips, okay? Yes. And you do have to ask yourself, is this a safe space? Right? And so I'm I Shannon, I believe you when you say you wanna have that conversation, right? Yeah. But I think because of the opportunities to brand for women are a little bit, hold on, let me get my words right. The opportunities for women to build their brands are so heavily scrutinized, right? That you probably think more dutifully before you say yes to an opportunity depending on how it fits, right? And if you feel that the space is safe.


So I don't know why people are saying yes or no to you, but honestly, like if we ain't had this thing this morning, like I, I would not have thought of myself as a nightcap guest just based on the clips that I've seen and I met, I mean, I've met TRO in person. If I obviously met you in person, I think y'all are great guys. But like right. Ah, I'm not gonna tell y'all what go down goes down in my bedroom like Uhuh, right? And so you do just wonder if spaces are safe. And so as you continue to grow your platform, I would encourage you maybe to offer the topics in advance. And you may have done this already, right? Yeah. I always ask any guest, is there anything that you're uncomfortable with? I ask a question. You can, you can also say, well Shana, you know that question that you asked me earlier?


I talked about can you not air that? Boom, we take it out. Yeah, I Got you. Because I, I want you to be, most of the time when people come, they're speaking their truth. Now if I ask you a question and you tell me what went down in your bedroom, how is that, how am I being messy? You could have said she now, you know, I ain't gonna answer that. Now I'm savvy, but I dunno if you might feel a little pressure to keep up with people. I know y'all get a little wild here. Yeah, we, we. But see that's the thing. They come for the sports, they stay for the stories. Yeah. So, you know, you know, it's, it's kinda like Monica a game. Let's just say for the sake of argument, I'll let you into the arena for free, but I charge you to get out.


Right. You see what I'm saying? That's what I Now listen, all all jokes aside, I do wanna address the end of that clip. I genuinely was surprised by the reaction and I did not intend to make it personal. But when I look at Stephen a and my relationship with Stephen, a, he had Honcho or ESPN as far as I'm concerned. Yes, absolutely. And I have been in this women's basketball space for so long and have been privy to many a conversation, pushing and pitching and asking for space. So from where I sit, if SA says, let's talk about it, it's gonna be discussed. Right? Right. He and I have had a conversation tonight. Okay, cool. There are things that play that maybe I did not consider when I made that statement.


But what I do stand by is that the way that the WNBA is being covered in the last, this season just started in May, this particular season is at a different fervor tenor than it was three years ago. Now, whatever, whatever factors go into that, be that as in May, but three years ago we were not having these conversations about the WNBA as we are now. And that is just a fact. Yeah. Well we wasn't having this conversation three months ago. Fair enough. But, but but you said Monica, it's never too late to do the right thing. Absolutely. And and I think that some people would be like, oh, nobody was talking about like you, I heard you at the end of that show, you lucky Molly had to go to Greg. You talking about stop Monica, you proven his point because nobody was talking about Kayla Clark after three years ago.


Heard your old Southern SAS back there. Now this is where, this is where we have to really argue and and tussle with this idea of cart before the horse or Yeah. Or or horse before the cart. Right? And I know we don't TV work, Shannon, just like you said Ocho, we'll talk about the Cowboys, you can talk about the Lakers. Like there are these things that hit. And so I understand the idea that the WNBA may not have been drawing the same numbers that it is now three years ago. But again, two things can be true. That doesn't necessarily mean that those women prior to the arrival of this rookie class were still not worthy of coverage. Right. Go follow right now. Chana, C-H-I-N-E-Y, that's her social media.


Is that Twitter and ig? That's everything. That's both of them, right? That's everything. All that's everything. Very, very, very simple chia we had, we were trending again, it seems like every time we have you or Monica on y'all start trending. I don't know what it is. So we was having a very nuanced conversation and you, you shed some light as being a number one overall draft pick coming up in the system. The under 18, the under 20. You was in the rotation playing overseas, going winning gold medals for America. Your sister number one overall pick an MVPA champion never being selected. So you provided a lot of insight that a lot of people are not able to provide.


So Stephen a and I took the approach that, look, we think Caitlyn Clark, the 12 best players, she goes, she stays, we believe the, the, the Americans, the women will win the gold medal. You like, yeah, I understand Stephen Han, I understand the marketing aspect, we understand the eyeballs that she would join, but you had a, a very different approach of why you don't believe that she was selected and you didn't have a, I don't think you had a problem with her not being selected. So I wanna O Ocho and I wanna open the floor up to you and let you go into great detail because you know, when you're on television you got get to the top of the hour, you gotta get to the break or you got four or five people.


And even though we have three people, we're gonna open the floor up to you. Chiney tell us what's going on in this situation. Sure. I think the hardest thing is that oftentimes when we're in a debate format, people are more concerned with entertainment than the truth and the truth that I have a lot of lived experience into why she probably was not selected. And I said it before, it's largely based off of experience. I don't know if people realize that Earlier this year team USA almost lost to Belgium. It took a buzzer beater by Breonna Stewart to win. The rest of the world is coming. I don't know if you followed the US women's national team. You saw what happened with the men. I know we didn't send our best squad over there, but over the last summer, yeah, you saw the international competition.


If you look at the NBA right now, who was dominating the league in some regards the last few Years, foreign Europeans Players, the game has changed. And I really do give a lot of credit as it pertains to basketball, to the foresight of the NBA. The NBA has wanted to make this a global game. I'm Nigerian, the only other professional basketball league outside of the NBA and the WNBA is the basketball Africa League who just had competition and championships. They're really putting their work into growing the global game. But at the end of the day, that helps every everyone rise. And I think people haven't realized the level of competition is so fierce that you don't wanna take a chance of at at this iteration potentially maybe having a player that has no familiarity with the roster, no experience at that high level.


I think the youngest player on the roster is probably Sabrina Escu, who's a first time Olympian. But we've seen what she's done in the league there, the previous Olympians, they've all had nine si at least nine players have had Olympic experience. So like if you look at what they constructed, they know that the world is coming. And then I think at the end of the day, like we are people that are all fans, right? Like the reason why we have the jobs we have is because we love sports. We love it at the highest level. We appreciate the moment that the women's game is at. We want that moment to carry over. But it can't come at the expense of what the Olympic mission is and it's too medal. And I think that's the one thing people are sort of missing in all of this.


The goals of team USA by criteria is to assemble the best team, a team where your players are set up for success. And I think based off of the popularity of Kaitlyn Clark, people think that that shouldn't matter. But that is the central mission. And I don't know if this is like this certain circumstance is setting Kaitlyn up for success, her not playing with the team, her not having experience out there as much as the other women. It just is a, there's a lot of factors that go into these types of decisions that are the reality and not like our dream for what we want the women's game to be. The women's game has always been the most competitive league in the world. And then you whittle that down and now this is the most competitive team in the world.


That's what it's consistently been. That's the reason why they've won seven Olympic gold medals straight. They don't wanna deviate from that just because of what people deem as popular or what people deem as, oh, this is a move for business. The business that they wanna handle is winning on the floor. That's always been Team USA's priority. And I think because of the expectation that surrounds Caitlyn Clark, people think it should shift. Team U USA said, no, it's not going to, because that's not what we've always done, But ojo. But I, I think, listen, I, I agree with what she said. I think Caitlyn Clark will have her time knowing the player, knowing the player that she has been based on what I've been able to see when she was at Iowa, based on what I've seen so far. And her short stint in WNBA, she likes the fact that she wasn't picked.


It gives her something to strive for. Like she said, they created a monster. This is something we wanna strive for. And being able to represent your country at at some point, if it's not right now, if on down the road, obviously, again, the resume of the ladies that are part of team USA are those that have chemistry together, they play well together and they have an extensive resume of work, a body of work that they put in, which is why they've all, they've all been assembled like the Avengers to represent our country. Can ask you, do you, do you believe that the 12 best women are on this team? Absolutely, I do. Now, there are some areas that I am concerned about, and let's get personal for a second. Okay guys, because you know what's hilarious?


It was hilarious. Everyone woke up so big mad that Caitlyn Clark did not make the team because everyone's looking forward to her having the spotlight. And the biggest moments, this is how I felt personally when I didn't make a team couple years back, you, this is how my sister felt as the only MVP that never made an Olympic roster. It was heartbreaking. It was devastating. And y'all don't have blood in the game. I got blood in the game. Now I understand. I understand that Caitlyn has the eyeballs and at no player who has picked up a ball has ever had before. So I'm not saying that my circumstance or my sister's circumstance should have been anything different, but I just think it's funny because I'm like, y'all really care for the right reasons, because you wanna see the game grow.


But I do think there's a difference between women and men in, you know, in, in the WNBA and women's basketball. Our approach to the game is to honor the game. To respect the game, to play the game the right way. For so many years, people have been critical. Our league has been joked about for a long time. So many people come in with preconceived notions about what women's basketball is. And yes, Caitlin is a part of changing that narrative. But that doesn't mean we change our entire sport. That doesn't mean mean that we change the integrity to which we assemble rosters to go win Olympic gold. That doesn't mean we change how we compete on the floor. And I know you were talking to me about competing, like that hard foul wasn't competition.


You know what Kayla said? Kayla said the next day, this happens in the heat of competition, people lose their cool, but we keep it pushing. You know what I'm saying? So like, as women, we have, lemme tell you something, and Ocho we have not played for the paychecks. We are playing for the legacy. We are playing for our reputation, right? We are playing because we are upholding the standard to which women's basketball has dominated, even though so many people have been critical of us. And so when we keep that same energy when it comes to picking the Olympic roster, people are like, oh, you don't what, what? No, what's good for you? Y'all didn't care beforehand. But we are consistent in how we approach the game. I'm telling you like, I don't know how many times I have to say it. I like for people to understand it.


It's hard because like today, I sit on air and I'm like, I've been in those rooms when I'm about to get cut. You know what I'm saying? I've been in those rooms watching people make their dreams come true. It is a process that is sanctified, it is a process that is honorable. It is a process that Caitlin has accepted herself. You know what I'm saying? She, I don't think she has much choice. She doesn't have a choice, but you're right. But she, she did have a choice to react to so many different things. But look at how she reacted to that one. Yeah, I think the thing is she was always gonna take the high road, they, they hard file. Oh, that's it. In the heat of the competition. Oh, there are a lot of great, you know, the thing is, is that she has an image to uphold and a lot of times saying the right things when you, when you could have easily said the wrong thing.


I think that's a part of it. Like you, you could have been like, hold on, I'm, I've come up through the ranks playing 16, 17, under 18. I was the under 20 and Hold on. So y'all talk about experience. I've got international experience now. It's a problem. Your sister? I'm an MVP, I'm a champion. Oh, now what's the excuse now? Nah, you know what's crazy because the conversation was about marketing and this is how you need to know about marketing. I'm like, bro, we've been suffering from other people trying to market our league and not accepting the authentic nature of the competitors, the athletes that we are right now. You think we don't know about marketing. We've been shaking down the roof to try to get marketed the way that we want to. We want people to see the trash talk.


We want people to see the competitive fire. We want people to challenge each other. We want people to see us as the badass female athletes that we are. But now it's like, oh, you guys don't know. We've been fighting to be ourselves for so long. And finally society has the eyes to be like, oh, this is women's basketball. Oh, this is hoops. The problem is, is that some people have come in just through the lens of one player not understanding how the entire ecosystem works. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yes, I do. That's the Frustrating part. That's the frustrating part. But we accept it because we understand that growth is necessary, even including all of these growing things. The funny thing when I think about it, obviously me being a new fan to the WNBA and just learning about it, obviously going to a dream, a dream game me a month ago and seeing a few players play it now, becoming a little bit more knowledgeable about the game in itself.


I'm enjoying it. I'm enjoying the trash. I'm, I'm, how are the vibes in Atlanta? Tell me, how are vibes in Atlanta? I've never been to the club. I haven't been to the club since like 1999. But if I had to give you an, if I had to give an example or an analogy on what it's like, that's what the dream game was like. But on top of that, the Dallas Wings, the Dallas Wings and dream game was exciting on the court. Forget what was going on off the court because off the court made what was going on on the court that, that much, that much even better. So I, I was really excited and I'm, I'm, I'm hoping unc, when we go on our little tour, we can, you know, every seat we go to, there's a WNB team, WNBA team. So I'm hoping we can attend a game so he can, he can get the, that that same experience. Wait, this is nightcap, right?


Yes. So a lot of people see me on air and they understand chanas facts and figures. People don't really know me. I don't share myself too much, but I feel like this is the right format for me to share myself. You said you haven't been to the club. I'll tell you a story about the club in Atlanta. So, you know, you guys know me, I'm like a wholesome Lady, right? Right. Yes. Okay. I'm a wholesome lady. I don't do too much. Y'all don't see me outside too much. But you know, I did secure something. So you know how I So you had Yeah, yeah. You went I got it. You what? I got. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. So this is one of the things. I went to Atlanta and my teammates, they'd be moving around, they'd be outside. And one of our games at that time was like 9:00 PM so we didn't finish until maybe 11.


And I was looking on my phone, I was like, y'all game's over, we got the dub. I was like, man, I'm hungry. I need something to eat. But everything's closed. One of my teammates from like, oh, I'm, you know, I'm from out here. I know where we can go. It's always open. I was like, okay, cool. The city, I just trusted her. I just trusted her. Was it, was it Cheetah? Is it called Cheetah? Is That now a magic city? Was it, it wasn't Magic City. You got the cheetah right down the street on Spring Street. Thank you. That's where I went. She said, look, it's always open. I was eating my post game meal. We, and then looked up and saw cheeks. Like that was, that was my post game meal. So, yeah. When you say you don't go to the club, I don't go to the club either, but I still end up there because Right. It'd be like that Sometimes that, that experience is not, I've been trying to explain it to people, but words, words don't work.


Words don't work. It's like trying to explain soccer to people you'll never understand until you are actually in the stands and you are able to experience it yourself. So w Oh, those were the best wing I've had by the way. I had a, those are, That's what I try to tell people. People think I'd be lying when I say, because they be having five star chefs. They be having chefs that work at fine restaurants and and casinos and things of that nature. No, they really be putting it down in there. Yeah, I Like it. I learned it. I learned it post-game. That was my post game Meal. But here's what I've tried to tell him. Everybody vibe ain't like Atlanta. Atlanta is a different vibe. You go to the Hawks game, you go to the dream game, you go to the soccer game, you go to the stadium, Mercedes Benz, it's a different vibe.


So everybody don't vibe like the eight. So you expect like every arena that you going to, it's gonna be like a club setting. Nah, they got barbers, chairs, they got everything going on up in the eight in the stadium. Yeah, That Is true. You not is, So today, you said feeding the ecosystem. I remember like when they came out with the, with the, the team in 2004, they put Melo, they put D Wade, they put LeBron. I'm not so sure at that time that we could make a case that all three of those guys were one of the best 12. But they understood that LeBron and his popularity probably needed to be on that team as well as some of the other guys.


And so growing, growing the game, like you said, once the dream team ha, the original dream team happened in 82. In 92, the world started like, oh, okay. And so that grew it, I can't recall, but one foreign born female player, Lauren Jackson and I'm know, I'm sure you know who that is. Yeah, of course. That we can consistently say that she was a top five, top 10 player in the WNBA. Has the world really caught up? Do they have, maybe they don't send them over here to the WNBA and they just play on their club team, but has the world really caught, caught up to us that quickly? Oh, absolutely. I think so. I mean, if you, you look, this is the first generation of players that have the benefit of learning from YouTube.


When we grew up watching sports, how do we learn from the backyard going from our coaches. I had to go to AAU to listen to a coach that was just a parent of a daughter that was there. Now people can watch the games globally. People can watch the skills and go practice it instantly. There's more infrastructure to support sports. And then on top of it, we have people in the women's game that are not showing up for the WNBA taking seasons off just to practice with their national team. Because they understand that being on your national team is where you can really build your own marketing too, right? Like this is a place where you can be a star. Whereas in the w, maybe you are a role player. So you have teams. There's a woman named Emma Messman who plays for Belgium, I believe, who is one of the coldest people in the WBA y'all.


She's like Luca in a way. Wow. Like she doesn't play faster than she needs to. She's gonna get her shot off. And she's just efficient. Now. She's not like a guard. She's more of a forward, but my point is, is that she's cold. She's been playing with her team for like two years straight. That's why it took a buzzer beater for USA earlier this year to beat, to beat them. Because these women are competing year round similar to us, but they also have the chemistry. They've been playing together since they were babies. Now that's one of the things that we have the benefit of having so much talent that sometimes talent overwhelms. But nowadays with the different international rules, with the increased skillset, just with the overall chemistry that these teams have been playing with forever, it's a little bit more challenging than we ever expected.


That's why like no one really says that USA winning or even whether it's the men winning, which we saw last summer, is just a walk in the park and assumption you have to go out there and earn it. And I'll lastly say this, I think that women's sports, you know, you know what that's saying, you have to work twice as hard to get half as far right? Right. Far. Like for people to really get the viewership, to get the respect it feels like we always have to be perfect. We always have to be on, that's how women operate, not just in sports. As a broadcaster, I always have to lead with the facts and the figures. I have to keep my feelings to the side because the moment I show my feelings, people are like, oh, what does she know? Why does she feel like she can speak on X, Y, and Z?


That's just the nature that we're in. I'll say this, and Ocho people see you before they hear you. They judge you before they know you. So you have to go out there and be perfect. Why should we play loose and fast at times with the rules of who should be on the squad, which could compromise the integrity of the game? When we know that we're being criticized regardless, we just have to be consistent in our pursuit of perfection. That to me is what it's like to be a woman or to be a female athlete. That is the challenge that we're always up against. My sister always said, why are we catering to a group that only came just for this certain moment and not came to see the beauty of the entire landscape? The beauty of the entire ecosystem.


We will accept, we will welcome, but we will not conform to something that has not made us better individually. What made us the best is that we go up against the best each and every night. You know what I'm saying? Right. So there's be things that make the way women approach sports because we are constantly dealing with criticism different than men. And I think it's okay. I think it's perfectly okay. Do what do you say to the people that says, okay, yeah, they might have not been here before, but they're here now. It's kinda like, you know, we have this, okay, you are 30, you're 30, 31 years of age, and well, you got married at 30 31. And so if somebody said like, dang Shana, they probably would saying, what's taking you so long?


It doesn't matter when it happened. It's that the fact that it did happen. And, we understand that Caitlin Clark came with a different, with a different lens than anybody in the history of the game because of the NIL situation, because of the marketing brand that was behind her And. we know why. We don't have to get into the, the, the, the, the, the nuances. We know why because it was a perfect storm. Yeah. But how, how about we take this perfect storm and why it's spinning. We let it sweep up everybody that's in its path, which is the WNBA. Well, I think the difference here is because she has gotten everything that she has needed in some regards with this is the first time that she, per se, has been denied something that people are surprised by.


Okay. She got number one. She is the face of a new franchise. She's honestly, unfortunately, considered by many that are new to this, the face of the WNBA and one of the most popular faces now in American sports. Right? I'll say this, And, we talk about the, like, no one Asia Wilson has a, a choke hold on the league. But the way that we talk about Kaitlyn, I wish we could switch the dynamics. Yeah, but it's what it is, what it is right now. She is gotten a lot and no one's saying that she won't get it. They're just saying that right now while all the eyeballs are there. Yes, you feel like there's a great expectation, but I don't think you wanna, like, there's a reason why she chose going to the WNBA instead of taking that big three content contract.


Yeah. That's, it's because she wanted to honor and respect the integrity of the sport and the competition in which she plays. You know what I'm saying? Not everything is like, what is delayed is not denied. She will be an Olympian if she continues on this trajectory. Has she been set up for success? Is this team being set up for success or is being popular more important? This is the one group that does not really move based off of popularity. And I think that's what people don't really understand Clearly. Clearly. Well, Janae, we gonna thank you for just stopping by. We know you only had a brief moment and, but thank you for joining OCHO and I on nightcap later than gentlemen Janae er kay, my colleague at ESPN.


First take. Thank you for joining us. Goodnight. And see you soon. Always. I'll come back. You got your, I feel like I can be a young auntie around here. You, but we can kick it next time. We can kick it again. And thank you. Today.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweet, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal view of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Ocho. We got a special guest joining us. She was the fifth pick in the 2019 in WNBA draft out of Notre Dame. She ranked second in the WNBA scoring behind Asia Wilson at 26.4. We're excited to have tonight. I I've been practicing this and I hope I get it right. Are Kumba Wale? There you go. That's how you do it. Yeah. What's up? How y'all doing? Re what they Doing? Thank you for joining. Hold up. I see you at the Atlanta game. Huh? Hey, I said I saw you at the Atlanta game. Hey Man, listen, miss, listen. Nothing but love. Nothing but praise for your game, obviously. It was, it was my, it was my first time going.


It was my first time going. So then I think we had nightcap that night, right? Huh? Or, or maybe the following night. And all I could think about in being that I watched the NBAA little bit, the first thing that came to my mind for a comparison to you based on what I saw with my own two wives. Because can't nobody tell me shit. Yeah. I say, I say, listen, she look like Kyrie Irvin. That's it. That's the only, that's the only, only thing I Can say I do get. Hey, you. So you know what I'm talking about. Listen, I I I mean, I I feel you. Yeah. So, so you should know, you know, I'm going with it man. Listen, I it was, it was a joy. It was a joy watching you play. I'm coming to see y'all play again in Dallas when we, we have, we have our tour coming up in Dallas and that What's up? Yeah. Have a game. I think the day before in August or the day after.


But either way, I'm coming to watch you again 'cause I need the autograph. I need a picture. I'm trying now. I'm trying not to fanboy right now. So I'm trying to play a Come on now. Don't Even care. I don't even care. I don't even care. No, I appreciate that. Yes. Let's go. So, so lemme ask you a question. What do your friends call you? Do they call you req or they call you ao Re or Ake? Don't nobody call me ao. Okay. But that it's cool but not call me ao. Okay. Alright. Req, look, there have been a lot of discussion. Everybody was talking about Kaitlyn Clark being snubbed or not being selected for the, the US team, women's team to go play the Olympics in Paris. I think one of the biggest snubs were yourself leading the league and scoring. Everybody knows what you bring to the table. Can pat the rock as, as Kyrie said, you can score.


When the list came out and your name wasn't on it, what was the first thoughts that go through your mind? Well, the thing is, I pretty much had an idea that I wouldn't be on it. So there's trials and stuff that go on throughout the years and previous and you do it and you see the vibes. And I mean, me being, me being me, I just felt the vibes. Like honestly when it comes to that stuff, it really doesn't have much to do with your game. It's really about who they feel like fits with the team. Which, okay. I mean that's on the men's side too. You know, you could have said Kyrie could have made it and stuff like that. Like they, the committees say they look for people who, you know, I don't know honestly, but I could already tell like that wasn't the type of vibe they were going. So I actually took my name out the pool like months ago. So when the list came out, I know everybody and who brought like Rodriguez should have been, I knew I wouldn't be on it.


Now that's not saying, I didn't think maybe last year I would be on the team and I was good enough to make the team. But when the list came out, I knew I would not be on that one at the time. 'cause I took my name out the pool. And with the pool it's, it's a big commitment. Like if I know that they're not picking me, I'm not going, you know, keep getting texted, keep having you up all your time. That's what I'm saying, keep having people pull up, keep going to these trials when I know the vibe. So me being me, I'm like, I'm not about to give y'all my time if I know the vibe. So. Right. I knew, I knew for sure when the list came out it wasn't, but like I said previously I did think I was good enough. But hey, you know, it's objective who they think should be on the team. Everybody's great in the WNBA. So who they chooses who they choose and I can't really control that one. And you know, you know what, and I, and I have a question. I'm, I'm sure the people that make, or the people in positions of power that make these decisions on who they're going to assemble on the US basketball team.


I'm sure they are basketball heads. But when it comes to this decision making and decision process, do you think it's politics that comes into play into this? I mean, It's politics. The Key one, the key words I heard you say is the vibe and understanding the vibe and it be about a vibe or anything. It is about assembling the best team to represent our country. So I, I know I don't, I don't wanna get you in any trouble, but can you really talk about, you know, the, the politics side of it when it come to the, the decision making process for them? Yeah, I mean I can't really speak, speak to USA basketball in general, but just when I think of women's basketball and just however many years I've been playing college and pro politics has always surrounded it now.


Okay. Whether that's, whether that's USA basketball, whether that's all star teams, whether that's first team and stuff like that. There's politics even with the men's, like there's politics in everything. So I'm gonna just leave it at that. Right. What are your thoughts about the discourse surrounding the WNBA? We hear a lot of talk because it's look, the the, the league and a lot of, there's a lot of comparison between Caitlin Clark and Angel. Reese being the, the, the bird in magic. Coming into the WNBA And. we know what they did to the, the NBA because all of a sudden they took the finals game off the tape delay. There were, there were this new and it was a perfect storm because you got magic in Lakers, you got bird at Boston.


The most heated rivals. The most fiercest rivals. And they go there, so to speak, speak to what's, what's going on with the WNBA. And it seems like these rooks are getting a lot, get a lot of credit for what's, what's happening in the dub. Yeah. I mean they, they're bringing a lot of attention. I think they should be getting credit to the point where they brought a lot of attention to the WNBA and the narrative that we don't, you know, appreciate That is crazy. 'cause I love it. I've been hooping. So more people watching the better, like I've been doing what I'm doing now. People kind, kind finally catching up and you know, you gotta give credit to Angel. You gotta give credit to Kaitlyn. 'cause they brought a lot of fans from college. I watched the Final four and I was at Dallas 'cause I live in Dallas. So I went the year before that.


And just how, how many people was there was crazy. Like it was insane. And I played in the final four, I won a national championship and it, and I thought a lot of people were there. So this one I'm like, they just bringing fans, fans, fans. So we appreciate everything that they're bringing now. It's not saying they're the best women's. I think that's where people are like, no, They're not even Close. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like y'all now, now seeing Stewie, y'all seeing Asia, y'all seeing just players like that. It was like they've been dominating for 6, 7, 8 years and these new players will do that at a certain point. But right now I think just the WNBA we, like, we appreciate everything that y'all bringing, but we, it's not gonna be easy. Like people act like people are supposed to sit down and, you know, put out a red carpet. Like it's, it is gonna be hard. It probably will be harder because of who you are. But that's just what comes with it. Like, that's like saying Bryan, like people shouldn't check him 'cause he, the grade is like, no, they gonna try even harder.


And that's just what happens. That's just, you know, competition. Are are, are the fans getting popular confused with best because two things can be true. Somebody can be popular and not really good. Right. And somebody can be really good and not popular. So are are the fans, are the fans getting those two things confused, Reek? Yeah, I feel bad for the girls because they not, the ones saying it, it's the fans. Like, I'm, I'm not understanding where the delusion is coming from. Like Kayla and Angel have not said nothing like they the best players to come in the league. They just say that they just wanna come. They know it's the WNBA. They know how hard it is. So they probably like, can y'all be quiet a little bit because y'all making it harder for me on the court. Like, y'all putting the target on my back. So I know nobody blames them.


Like it's just the fans and what they bringing. But I think they learning now that this league is hard, like they seeing every night people that they've never even heard of killing or guarding and doing stuff like that. So they, I think they gonna catch up more like, 'cause now it's new, it's something to talk about. They want a storyline, but at the end of the day, like the league's gonna keep going and the thing's gonna keep being the same. So they either going waste their breath every day or they just gonna enjoy basketball. Oh yeah, I heard you shutting down the, the Cris like physicality. 'cause a lot of people are like, well physicality in the dub is not good for basketball. You like, oh whoa, whoa, whoa, jive. Whoa, Whoa. Hey listen, it it's a male. Male or female. It don't matter the sport. Right. It's a contact sport. Yeah. In order to play it the right way there it has to be some type of physicality involved.


Yeah. And people are being selective with what they're calling physical. Like if we gonna talk about, now we're talking about the rookies. So if we gonna talk about a hip check that's not basketball, but if we talk about somebody holding, being stripping the ball and they might fall to the ground, that's basketball. There's a difference. Nobody's saying the hip check is being physical 'cause that's obviously a flag and fo and that's wrong. Like, but it happens like, 'cause I watched the whole play so I seen, you know, Kalen talked to her after that. So it's like, if, if you gonna talk to somebody, you gotta be ready for something no matter what it is. Like, not saying the person's response is right, but what they respond is what they respond is how they feel that you coming at them. So that's different. But like I said, I'm, I'm not the type of player to do that to a player. Like if you gonna talk to me, I'm gonna show it with my game. But like people gotta get confused, dirty and physical 'cause it's gonna be physical and there will be some dirty, but that don't mean we're all dirty.


It's just some plays might be dirty, some plays not just like men. It's like Draymond might choke somebody out. Draymond might Pat ba don't forget Pat ba Pat ba might Yeah. He might get into so too. So it just depends really. It's like individual to the player. For real. It's not the whole league. Right. I like it. I think I like it. Go ahead. You got something Mocho man, Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm just excited for, for the W-N-B-A-I, I'm excited for the path is going. I'm excited that it's dominating the headlines the way it's the way it hasn't in the past. 'cause if it did in the past, then I would actually know about it. And as I continue to learn the game, as the game continues to grows and just, it is really, it is really dope to see. And a lot of people, a lot of people they try, they try to tell me, oh man, why do you go to these games?


It's really boring. It's not the same as watching NBA. They Don't know. They don't know And say, listen. And this is the funny thing, now that I've, I've been able to experience it and I've been to a game or two, now I can sit here and argue with people on Twitter all goddamn damn day. Y'all, y'all y'all, you see y'all fucking lied to me. You told me it was nothing you told me with nothing. Like so and so now that I've done my homework and had a chance, experience what it's like in person now I can go to bat and then the goddamn product on the court. Nice. It e it evens up with everything else. The pundits and the journalists have been talking about. There's a reason why y'all making a noise. Y'all make it now. Right. We got some hoopers. I mean you could see it, you see the highlights, you see everything. Like we got some hoopers.


It's every night. It is something honestly, and I I mean I play against it obviously I'm a part of it, but we got some hoopers in the league for sure. Yeah. I I think you guys req is that you probably have to be a little better with the basketball for the simple fact. You can't jump over somebody from the free throw league facts. So you gotta find a, you gotta find a way to put the ball in the ba in the basket without being seven foot tall without having, without having a 42 inch vertical. So your game, your skillset, the way you shoot the basketball, the way you get from point A to point B, it has to be pinpoint because you got obviously the strength and the athleticism that a man possessed. Women just don't have that. Right Facts. And in the WNBA, honestly we hold defense like the NBA hold defense probably the last three minutes, last two minutes of each quarter, last three minutes of the course.


Like other than that they scoring 40, 50, 60, 70 because they just switching everything. I'm like, if we was switching everything in WI probably average 40 but we trapping, we you get trapped at half towards you gotta do a lot. Like you gotta do a lot. NBAI just be watching them like y'all got it so sweet. I, although they do gotta play a lot of minutes though, so I probably wouldn't be holding defense either, but still Right. You know what aren't Joe, and I wanted to say congratulations. We heard that you just got engaged. Hey I did. Yeah. Congrat. Congratulations on the engagement. Lemme ask you this. Were you nervous? I was, and I had a game that day too. Like okay, I had a game they was setting up. I had 35 though. I went crazy.


I went crazy. Let's go. That's us up. We lost though. So, but I mean Oh, on. I think. Good. I got a bucket. I oh, you Have 35 of y'all lose, right? I know, right? Yeah, we, we in a tough position right now. We missing two Allstar. That's not an excuse, but we, we going through some growing pains. I'll just say that. Okay. But we'll be all right. But yeah, it was dope. It was, it was, it was amazing. I definitely was nervous but once it happened, like it was everything I ever wanted. So it was definitely dope. All right. That's dope. Listen, congratulations on, on engagement. I am also a wedding planner amongst other things that I also do. I am also performing. I performed at yeah two weddings. Two weddings last year. So if we need someone to, to perform I can also dj I Got Oh, you DJ too?


Okay. Yeah, I got, I got everything wrapped all over. I'm Gonna run the track then run to the dance floor. Bingo. Pretty soon. Pretty soon. Rick, he will tell you, you know, he'll minister, he'll, he'll Get Do your bow for You. Why was that? Why was I just getting ready to tell you I'm a junior. I'm a junior ordained minister too. So if Junior is crazy. Yeah. Junior. Yeah, junior. Junior is crazy. Check this out Rick. I heard you had you a sneakerhead that your hu game is crazy. Yeah, I, I got a lot of shoes and thankfully I'm a Nike athlete so you can like, once you get that, you really can get anything you really want. Like, but I got a lot of shoes for sure. Give gimme gimme your top five shoes that you have in your collection. Dang.


I mean I got the UNC off whites. Okay. Yeah. Top five. I don't know. You got, you got any of, do you have any of the EZs remember when, when Kanye was with Nike? Do you have any of the yeezies? I got the runners. I don't have any of like the red boots and stuff. I know I got the black ones like some tan ones but I can't wear 'em like they just on ice 'cause I'm Nike. Okay, okay. Yeah. Okay. You got some 50 boots? Yeah, But I don't wear 'em honestly. I, but the thing is I be in slides, like if it's something tough I'll wear, but most of the time I'll be in slides or Yeah. Nike running shoes. So, hey, I also heard you, one of you, one of the top five best dressed, I would say that coming to the game Would say nah, nah, nah, we not finn to do that Pull up game.


I agree. I agree. You agree? Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Agree. And you be, you be putting that shit on. You be putting that shit on there. I appreciate That. No, I tried. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I tried. So, so if you, if you top five and you say you not two, three or 4, 4, 5. So who, who your other, who your other four. My other four in the league right now. I'll give Tasha cloud. Okay. Yeah. Tasha Cloud. I give Skyler, I like her style. Okay. Okay. Kaliya Copper, she got a smooth style. Okay. Tasha, Kal, copper, Skyler, Ika. And then who, who are the fifth? I get Diamond, the chips. Okay, okay.


Okay. That's what's up. Yeah. So you like, do you like, do you like sneakers with all your outfits? Nah, I mean I used to be like super Sneakered up like Nike, Nike, but now I just do like some loafers or some like shoes that ain't got really no label, but they just, they, most of my shoes been covered nowadays, you know, I'm on the flare pants right now. So you might not even see the shoe. Hey you, you talking about bell bottles, you got the Elephant bottle, you not Facts. Facts. So lemme ask you a question. How long does it take you to put together outfit? Do you know? So okay, your next game, do you have your outfit already picked out or is it like last minute like Yeah, usually the night before.


Like I already already picked out what I'm about to wear for the game tomorrow. So I'm not stressed because you know, the game days it'd be a lot going on. I don't got time to be looking and it take a long time to pick an outfit. Like unless I, you know, have somebody help me with an outfit if I'm picking my own. Like, it take me a long time so I gotta do it the night before for sure. So can we tell the difference between an outfit a Aric picked out as opposed to someone helping her pick it out? Can we tell The difference? No, because I got style. So whether it's a stylist or whether it's myself, it's all, it's all in one. I say when I use a stylist it's collaboration because I'm not just wearing what you give me. Like if I think a shoe go better with that, I'm gonna wear that or a pan go better with this top. Like it's usually like five pieces we talk about it. But if it's full fits and I like really, really like it, I'm gonna wear the whole fit.


But we usually talk about it. I'm never gonna wear some like, like them NBA players, they got $2,000 on they look a hot mess from top to bottom. That's never, that's never gonna be me. That's never gonna be me. So lemme ask you a question when you go, so, so what, what are you, what are you trying to accomplish when you go to the game? Obviously you wanna be stylish and you know, for the, because now every, like everybody def entry into the game is damned as important as what happens in the game? It just depends. Like, it really depends on the time I had the night before. Like if I'm really about to tap in, it depends on city too. Like I like New York arena, like I like Phoenix, so I might wanna get more dressed up like, or if I'm in LA or something. So it depends on the vibe of the game too.


But if I just felt like getting dressed, if I'm at home, I'm gonna do that. So it's, it's never really like a rhyme or rhythm, it's just whatever to be honest. Do you always get dressed up? Do you, is it ever like, will you go out somewhere that you might be seeing or four Togs might grab you that you are not always to the Nine? Nah, no, I'm, no, I'll be in sweats like majority of the time. Like the most time I'm dressed up is the tunnel. Like Okay. That's what's I like. If I got somewhere to go, yes. But I also don't go a lot of places. Like I be at home, I'm a homebody, I like to be at the house. Right, right. So what, so what can we expect, Hey, you mentioned that you guys going through Rough Patch, you gonna get key players back, you doing your thing.


What can we expect from the, the wings moving forward? Inre Fun basketball, I mean, exciting basketball. Like I'm, I'm a flashy player type so I like to entertain, you know, I like to get a bucket. Yeah, I like to, I like to keep the fans engaged but I also like to win and compete and play with my team. So definitely, hopefully a lot more wins. But anytime you go to a game you gonna get some exciting, so definitely fans need to look forward to that. Who we, who we like competing against. Who we, who we like. When you like you going schedule, like okay, yeah, I know everybody gonna be watching that game. Whether it's, whether it's, whether it's The ACEs and Kelsey Plum and Chelsea Gray and Asia Wilson or it's the Liberty it sco, it's Jean Quel Jones. It's Stewart. Excuse me. Whether you go now normally it's Seattle 'cause they got them guards, they got Sky Nick.


Yeah, that's what we play tomorrow actually. Yeah. Okay. Oh, so that's shame. And Jule, we be having, last time we played each other last year we had like both games like 30 and 31 time we had 41 and 40. Like we be going crazy And, we both went to Notre Dame so it'd be competitive, but it's all fun. Even Skyler, like I love playing against great guards. Like, because one, you, you cold, I'm cold. We about to see who the cold is tonight. Like we about to see what's going on. And I love when we guard each other too. So it's really like we gonna check each other And, we gonna score on each other. So I'll probably guard ju tomorrow. She probably guard me. So it'd be fun, you know, playing against her. So I love playing against her and other players like who get up like, yeah, I'm about to lock you up.


Like I love that. Like I love when people come at me competitive 'cause I know what I have. I'm never, you know, scared to back down for anybody. Yeah. We just about to see who gonna be the best tonight. Like So you, so you, so are you a so are you a trash talker? You be in your bag like that. It's like, yeah, that's, that's one that's a bucket there baby. Yeah, but I don't talk to people. Like if somebody talks to you, oh you don't, okay. No, I don't really talk to people. Like I, I'd be more worried about the rest than anything. I'm like, that's a foul. Like I'm yelling at the ref. I'm not really yelling at the players, but I don't really, I don't really trash talk. Like if I hit a good bucket, I might say at person, You know what, you were going dancing with the Stars, what would that experience like? It was crazy. I was more nervous for that than anything. Like you think it's not, you think it's not bad until you get to that little stage and you gotta do something you're not used to in front of all these people.


Like oh yeah, just that like it was, and then the practice, it's like we had to practice like three, four hours a day. I'm like, oh yeah, I, I gained a lot of respect for dancers after dancing was, I'm like, y'all really? Like, that's a lot. It's a lot. But it was fun. I met a lot of cool people, but it was a lot. Yeah. Dance Dancer was the Starbucks is awesome, obviously I did, I did Season 10 Dancing With the Stars with Cheryl Burke. And I always say it was a great experience. People always ask me about it. I say it's very humbling, obviously facts, her being a professional dancer and them critiquing and judging you as a professional, not someone that's coming in learning we Perform. You know? So I mean, it, it was, it was very enjoyable. The funny thing about it is, I like it about the show, the whole point of the show, to me it would be taking people with no background experience in dancing and watching them get better week to week.


Right? But my season, I had to go against Nicole Scherzinger, who was the lead lead singer for the pussycat dos. And what she does for a living is entertaining and perform in front of people. So I'm like, well why do y'all have me going against someone that already dances for a living when it comes to their respective craft? So it, it made no sense. But I know we, we, I did fairly well that season, so I I I really wasn't tripping. Well, at least you did good. That's all that matter. Everyone please go follow Enrique on our social medias. That's Enrique Aba Wale on ig at Enrique o Capital O on Twitter. Thank you for joining us. Appreciate good luck the rest of the season and I Gotta see both of y'all at a game, both of Y'all.


I told you I'm gonna be there August. You know what? If they're the game when we're in town at the, on the tour, we'll Swing through. Alright. Be. I'm gonna hold y'all to it. Alright Juan. Alright. Appreciate y'all. Good to See you. Yep. Thank you. Thanks for coming on with us tonight. Yep. The Volume


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look No further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista and NFL Networks, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.