
What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You Mix Homesteading with Guns in church. Voila. You got straightway. He Tried to save everybody.


Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then There's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume,


The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. Draftking Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch right there in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime app actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices. Views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


And see Ocho. I'm a, I'm a guy, I'm a very realistic guy. Look, I didn't like playing in the rain, but I we don't use rain as excuse. Right. Because everybody, everybody is always practiced in the rain. And guess what? They gonna send checks. You gonna go get that check on Tuesday in Ocho? Yeah. Come rain come Before they started doing direct deposit, I always got my check Ocho. I need to see it. I I ain't get no direct deposit. Ocho, I ain't have no direct deposit. I ain't have no direct deposit till I started working for Fox. They told me they wasn't gonna send me my money. I had to get direct deposit prior to that. I had Oh yeah, I had to go upstairs to get them checks. I need to see my money. What you wait, Hold on, hold on, hold on. You, you didn't get direct deposit so you went and got your check and what took it to the bank yourself?


I took it to the bank by myself. Nah, that's too much, huh? Hey, that's too much Man. I mean, one job I had, I had deferred a lot about my a I deferred a lot about one, one time Ocho. I had like $2.2 million. Right, Right. I had it for like 30 days sitting in my drawer. The Broncos called me. They was like, Shannon, did you receive that check? Right? I was like, Yeah. I said, it's in the drawer. They was like, do you mind cashing it? Oh yeah, I forgot. I forgot all about it. But you paid, I put it in the drawer and forgot all about it, don't you? Well you tripping. And it was like 40 days and they asked, they called me and said, well do you mind cashing it? Right. Hey, even that's a lot of, they like, hold on, we wrote something for 2 million a damn big cash.


And they said, well, you know, that's, you don't, that's funny. Don't worry about cashing it. We've, we gonna issue, we we gonna reissue you another one. A new one. Yeah, Yeah. Can you go cash that one when you get it? I was like, okay. I I'll do that. Man, listen, it's, it's a funny, funny story and I've, I've told this story all the time and people always ask, man, how did you manage, you know, to have a career and have no injuries. And the funny thing about it is, I had home remedies that I used and people, nobody believed me. Nobody ever believed me. No, you never had no ankle sprain. Yeah, I sprained my ankle before but what I used to do for me is I used to, I used to get urine. Y'all stay with me now.


I used to get urine and warm it up. Where that urine from? Where it from? Who? Who? Whoa, whoa. Time, time out. I, I need to time out. I need a quick explanation. Who urine yours? I used to get No, I I I get mine. And if it wasn't enough, if it wasn't enough of mine, I would have to get my teammates urine. Listen to Hear you. I'm listening, I'm listening. This is this, this is what this, it work wonders though and get enough urine to where I can, it's enough in a bucket that I can warm up. I put, I put my, my, my ankle that's swollen or the one that sprained warm it up really hot. Sit my foot in the urine and the heat and the toxins from the urine would absorb all the swelling, all the swelling out.


And I swear if I sprained my ankle, even if it's the highest, if I sprained my ankle on the Wednesday And we played Sunday. By the time I got to Friday, I was able to do that fast walkthrough practice on Friday and play the game fully healthy Sunday. No, I'm gonna have to miss that game. If I gotta stick my foot in the bucket, the urine, I'm gonna miss that game. Listen, There's a reason. Listen, you can't make the club in the tub. Yeah, but you Can't make the club in the tub. And that's one of the reasons why I, I had, I played a, a full career with no injuries. 'cause I always had little remedies that'd get me through. You can't make the club in the tub. And if it's p it ain't me. I just got you on your own. No trophy. No, no. Oh no. All that stuff they do it. Oh no.


There ain't no, ain't no big pee going on. Ain't no pee. Oh no. Ain't no going on nowhere. I get, I I can't do that o now they got, I got look here. I, I done, I done had, you know some we got that the squirrel. Hey, hey what she say? If it's p is What? If it's p it ain't me. I gotta let you have that one Ocho. You gonna keep that remedy. Oh you should, you shouldn't have told nobody that. Now I've had some, I've done the red clay, I've done the DMSO, I've done a lot of hometown remedies. But That, that DMSO your mouth smelling like God damn shit. Yeah. That ya Yeah. Well Play with that DI don't play with that DMSO boy.


Oh no, I, I bad. You don't know how much how much A-D-M-S-O I've used, I had a old teammate that jump together. I don't know if you probably know jumpy, but jumpy man, I don't know what this joke was. Sprained his ankle and his, that joke of ankle, about the size of a grapefruit. He had this stuff in a bottle. He say, he say he got it from home because he guler. I'm talking about he geechee I'm talking about Geechee Geechee. I'm talking about like, he probably only like one, two generations that got off the boat in Charleston. Yeah, he that he that kind he that kind of geechee, he that kind of guler. Right. But Ocho, me and Burns, we watch him, he rubbed his stuff on his, on his ankle and then turned it up and drank it.


Boy, what, what he had in there. I don't know what it was, but he was able to play on Sunday. He would cut, he would, now I know I'm country, I'm like I'm corn carbon or outhouse country. Right. But he he way more country than me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Way more country than you. Yes, yes, yes, yes. And that's saying something. Yeah. Yeah. Man jumping man. But he was, Hey man, he was a great dude. I love lady jumping. So what, what are some of your draft draft combine experience? I, I really can't remember much. It was so long ago. I do remember that I did run into some bright, bright, bright yellow, yellow tights.


Which is, which is weird. I ran a four or five of the combine for some reason. I didn't know, I don't know about that because John Clayton said you need to work on that speed. Yeah. Yeah. And I I I Wasn't So that wasn't four five E Exactly. Listen, I wasn't slow. I ran, I ran a four five and I stumbled. I stumbled and still got, I still was able to gather myself up and still run 4 0 5. But then when it was time for the drills, I aced the drills. And then obviously when, once you, once I put pads on, as you can see I play four three as opposed to what my 40 times said. Which is really weird. I was nervous. I was nervous for one. Obviously having to display my skills in front of all the owners and I, it was a new experience for me. You gotta understand, I I hadn't been at the, the division one level.


What? I was there, I was at Oregon State for four months and then now all of a sudden here come April, I'm at, at the freaking, what's the name? Whose stadium is that again? The Colts? Yeah. Lucas Oil. Yeah. But I was at Lucas Oil Stadium and I'm in front of all these owners and it was like, oh my goodness, I'm excited. Like, I'm almost like, I'm, I'm thinking to myself like, holy shit dog. You almost there. Like you really finna get drafted. I don't know where I'm getting drafted, but the fact, the fact of the matter is I'm here at the combine. I'm, I'm gonna get drafted. So there's a little nervousness in me and I didn't run a good 40 time, but it didn't matter. 'cause when it came to doing the other tests, I aced all those as far as running routes, cone drills and all that other stuff. And the rest was history. 'cause you know what happened on Sundays, it was on a Was called.


That's incredible. There used to be a show. Come on. I think it was a B, c. Yeah. And it was called. That's incredible. I know you don't remember 'cause I was a kid when it came on. I remember. That's incredible. They would, they would do, they would do like, like he raced the horse. Right. But I but I You forgot, remember I remember I raced. You didn't see why I raced the horse You lost though. He beat the horse. I won. I won. Tell Ash to pull it up and show you real quick. Listen, that's how, that's how I know. I was really honestly on, if I wasn't nervous that the combine, I would've ran probably 4 1 4 2. Like that's the kind of ski that I What you Nervous for? Huh? That's what you do, right? No, no, no. That's not what I do.


Because that, it was in an unfamiliar environment. It's like when you go on your first date, you know the butterflies in your stomach. You know how you nervous. Yes. That's how I felt because it was, it was unfamiliar for me. I didn't know what it was like to go to the car combine. I didn't play at a, a big division one school for four years and, and I'm used to the crowd and all this. It was, it was all new. It was all Did you play with, did you play with a college football? Yeah. Okay then. So all that other style. I'll throw that at the window. If you play football, you can play football. I went to, I went to division one four months. I was four months I was gone. Yeah. That's It. That's what you needed. I yeah, I know, I know. It wasn't Lucas Oil, it was the RCA dome. I get it. But we we're saying it was in Indy. Right, right.


Yeah. Y'all man, y'all just wait, Is it they getting on you about that? Yeah. Come on chat. We know. Chill, chill, chill. Check It be Indy Chill. It used to be the combine used to be regional. So whatever region you in, you ran there before In, before, before they brought it all to Indy. I think they brought it in Indy like in 87. Right. 86, 87. I think that was the first to come by. Hey, everybody used to Complain. Everybody used to complain about the surface being spongy. Yeah. Being spongy. Until, until somebody tell them guys we, there's always somebody that was gonna run sub four three. And it's like, ain't nothing wrong with the turf. I mean, my year we had JD Williams a DB outta Fresno State. He ran 4 2 9. What? Oh yeah, he ran 4, 2 9.


So what Could he, could he cover? Yeah, if he had a a a a bed sheet over your bed. That was only, that was the only thing. He was coming with a bed, with a bed sheet. It's all, it's all about controlling the speed and understanding. Leveraging man and position. I'm sorry, jd. He came by back here in the draft too. You was first round pick from Fresno State Buffalo? Yeah. I could talk, I could talk about that all day man. All day. Damn. We Ain't pulled it up Christian Cole. What, what, what did Christian Coleman ran? I know CI think Christian Coleman ran 4 1 9. Listen, I know I, I beat that Horton in. I beat that horse.


And you know some people say Oh, you got a head start. Well hell, he got one more leg than I do. What you expect? Yeah, Actually. Well he got two more legs than you. Nah, nah, nah. Unc stay with me Now. He got one more leg. He Got a leg too though. So he got five legs. You only That? Yeah, yeah, yeah. He got, he got five then. So he still got you by two. You caught that fan. That was a good one. That was Good. Man. You know what Ocho my draft look, I had, I had some Pegasus, Nike, Pegasus. I read about 40 Nike, Pegasus. Wait, You, you supposed to be lightest possible. Pegasus was heavy wasn't he? Yeah, Ocho man. Hey bro, I ain't know nothing about that bro.


I ain't have nobody to Go. Gotta have Waffle shoes. You ain't have no waffle shoes? No, bro. I ain't Ocho I ain't know nothing about that bro. I ain't go. All I did, all I did, I ran a hundred meter sprints. Get ready. I ain't do no shuttle drills. Right. I ain't do no vertical. I ain't do no standing along. I ain't just know I ain't, I ain't know nothing. What You read? So I just, I think I read like a 4 6 6 and a 4 6 7. Oh yeah, that's fast now, but for your side. But you, you But all I know 20. That's moving now. All I know is that when we went to, I went to the blue gray game, which was on Christmas day. It was in, in Montgomery. Montgomery, Alabama. And then when I went to the east, west Shrine.


Right. It was at Palo Alto. I just remember calling my brother and they had, you know lot. I said, ain't no receiver here better than me. No receiver better than me. That's What you told them. I told, I said, ain't none of 'em better than me. None of them none, none, none. Zero zilch. We went one on one-on-one. We had the one-on-one drills. Right. Cook. Everybody, Everybody Cooked Them. Hey, speaking of, I went to the Senior Bowl. I'll never forget one of my favorites will always be one of my favorite players. You did always one of my favorite players from Mississippi State, that goddamn Fred smoke. Okay. That goddamn Fred smoke, man. One of the greatest personalities. One of the greatest human beings I ever met. Man. I don't get to see him as often as I'd like.


But man, every time I saw Fred, man, it, it was always love when we played, when we played Minnesota. When we was in Minnesota. You talking about talking some shit, man, we talk hella shit, man. Before the game. I love Fred Man. Ocho. What Up? Oh man, man, Ocho, What happened, Man? You know what they gave you man, check this out. Ocho. Yes sir. You out of a 100. What do you think my combine grade was Out of a hundred? Yeah. You Yeah. Probably 68. I got a FI got a 37 Real A a size.


They gave me one out of a hundred speed. They gave me 62 out of a hundred agility they gave me 10 out of a hundred quickness. They gave me 36 out of a hundred overall rating. Who's your overall what? What'd they give you? My overall was 37. You see, Hey, is there a way can Jordan, I thought you was hell when you as well. I was sick that day. Hey can, can, hey can Ash find mine? Hey look at this, y'all look at what your boy, look at what day gave your boy is Gave you a F Find Ocho. We go, Hey.


Hey. Now think about that. You see now see they based everything run jump. All I know is that I got, I'm number 2 67. I can run upstairs right quick and get that gold jacket. I'm 2 67 in the pro football hall of Fame. Yeah. Now lemme tell you who's in my draft class. Emmett Hall of Fame. Cortez Kennedy Hall of Fame. Real deal. When You say our Hall of Fame? Myself, hall of Fame. Johnny Randall. Hall of Fame Greatness. Johnny Randall was undrafted. He was? Yes. Ah, Ocho. Why you over there Kiki kid. That's what you got a F two.


You got a 37, A 38. Hold on, Hold on. A what? You got a 38? Hey but hey at least I got, I got one higher than you and that F Hey listen, hold on. Hey, that f, that F on that stand for fabulous because that's exactly how it turned out. Fabulous. They got, they got, they got you at at 40. They got you a four six steady long up. They got you 120 inches. Yeah. That's good. No, that's 10 feet. Oh man, I don't know Size. They gave you a 46 out of a hundred speed. They gave you 41 out of a hundred agility they gave you 43 out of 160.


They gave you 50 out of a hundred. Now that's how you know they don't know what the hell they talk about. Agility. The one thing I'm calling for, man O Joe, we was some slow but O Joe, you know what? We might as well go ahead and chalk it up. We was some smart, the man, I'm mad. Hey, gimme the name of the person who motherfucking made that goddamn grading system. Man. Hey, don't go back and run it because you gonna be worse than you worth 20 years ago. Oh, I could run. I could. Oh well. No, no, no. Listen, I've been training for boxing and soccer right now so I could run, I could run by the four six right now. Still. Who The, who the fastest. Who the who has the fastest 40 time as a boxer? Because it don't matter because you can't run fast. And that's square You.


Man, they got me. How the hell man, look here. Ocho was just meant to be How the hell they got me at 37, you at 38. That that kind of hurt. That kind of hurt a little bit. That kind of, because that's, that's how they really felt. And they thought about me. Man I got a FI ain't seen an F in a long time. Damn. You shouldn't have showed me that. Yeah. F that A both of F. That A, they might that F stand for fantastic or fabulous. Yeah Man, they got flunk failure man. How we gonna get, how we gonna get a 37 outta 38? This Is the problem. The people that they have in positions of power that are judging these players don't know what the hell they talking about or what they looking for.


That's why they need they, that's why they need my eyes. They need my eyes at the combine. Mr. Call say, Hayes McClendon donated $10. I want to give you Ocho Munch Bank for putting in work. Putting my question for both of you is was dbs. Okay? What DBS gave y'all fits in your day playing? Well the guy I think that made me the come to player I am is Albert Lewis. Mm. Long six two, he was six two. Could play inside, could play outside, came from Grambling State. Feathery. He constantly gave me a different look. I made, he made, he made me, he forced me to become what I became because I knew if I could beat him, I could beat anybody.


Right. And so he had the most impact that says, okay, in order for you to be what you think you can be, you have to consistently beat him. Right. And I knew I was legit when he was in Kansas City and the Raiders signed him. He was their number one. He was their number one free agent. Because I was cooking the Raiders. Yeah. I couldn't, they had nothing. Nobody could do anything with me. Tac Eddie Anderson, none of them. Washington, none of them. Right. They couldn't see me. I cooked them all. So they went and got Albert. Right. He slowed me down, but he ain't stopped me. Stop me. He slowed me down. But he didn't stop me. Right.


Which Michael asked Better safety. Steve Atwater, Troy, Paul Malu, Ronnie Lock. They're all different. Different. Completely different. Because you do realize Ronnie came in as a corner. Ronnie was an all pro at corner. Yeah. So people don't realize that he moved to safety. He was, they were, they were, they were different. Atwater was a true, strong safety. Strong safety. Like Brian Dawkins, Like B Dogg, like, and although Troy, they did, Troy was so skilled, he lined up everywhere. Everywhere. He'd be at the line of scrimmage. Scrimmage. And he supposed to be in the hole, or he's supposed to be in the 2D.


I'm like, bro, why? I mean he, I was, my last year was his rookie year because he had Ed, if I'm not mistaken, came out the same year. Yeah. No, ed ca. Yeah. Ed, no. Ed came out out last year. Troy came out with Detroit. Did they both come out in oh three? I think I played against Ed one year. I think I played against Troy one year too. It might have been. Did one come out in oh two and one other came out in oh three or both? Came out in oh three. Both came out in oh three. Troy. Troy came out in oh three. Ed came out in what? Oh two. I think Ed came out in oh two. Because Ed, I didn't play with Ed.


I left, I left Baltimore after the oh one season. Right. And I think, I think so what year did Ed come out? Oh two. Ed came out in oh two. But for me, the best safety that I ever broke down, that I ever played against, that I ever saw with Ed Reed. Yeah. For me, for me it was Ed. Ed and Troy. Ed and Troy. Unbelievable. And the, the, the, the, the fact of the matter was they did things, I call it exotic coverages. They did things that were very confusing that no other team could do because of the way the defense was constructed. There was no weakness. There was no weakness in the secondary. There was no weakness at the front line. And they did some of the craziest stuff. Just like you mentioned, Troy, we don't know what the damn coverage is.


'cause everybody at the goddamn line of scrimmage, everybody, and as soon as the ball snap, everybody run into where they supposed to be. And you, you gotta hold the ball 'cause you don't know what's going on. And previously somebody asked a question about what DB gave the most fits. Yeah. And for me, it really wasn't a, a db in itself outside of s what s outside of what Rebus did. Rebus. But early in my career, the good, the good battles where I had the, I had the, I had the, you know, tie my shoes tight. Ike Taylor, Lee Boden, who else, man? Who else Chris McAllister used to choke you out? Not, not listen. Chris McAllister like, you got, you gotta be on, you gotta be on, you gotta be on your a game. I had to be on a game every time.


I mean, tho those, tho those are some that I can remember. Those battles were really, really good. They were really, really good with them. It, it was, it was back and forth, back and forth and forth. Yeah. The, the, the thing for me, Ocho is that when we played physical corners, was not getting to a physical battle with them. No, no, no. Now I'm gonna Lose that every time. Right. But see me, I wasn't gonna lose it. But then I get, I, I, I forget trying to go out. I'm supposed to be out trying to catch a pass. Right. Instead of just beating the hill up out the db. And a lot of times, like we played James Hasty and Hasty, I know you gonna see this him, bro. I just, we like, I mean, sometimes I would just go out there as like, Hey, I don't even wanna catch the pass. I just wanna go out there and fight it. I just wanna go out there and try to run, slap over the top of him. I wanna throw, don't even throw me. No, don't even throw the ball my way. Don't even look to me because I ain't looking to get open.


I'm just looking to run right over. I'm just gonna run. And when he don't move, I'm gonna put my helmet right up under his chin. Right. Oh, James Dc Even though we homeboys Yeah. It was just something about like, okay, I know he wasn't gonna be dirty with me and I wasn't gonna be dirty with him. Right. But bro, Kansas City, just like, bro, you at Kansas City. So I know we homeboy, I'm gonna throw that itch out the window for the day. But today I ain't gonna cut you. I ain't gonna cheap shot you. But you know, you gonna get this work though. Oh yeah. And if I get a chance to crack back, I'm gonna try tole You Gotta get him outta down. I gotta get, I Ocho, I gotta get it.


But they were so different. Troy probably was the most athletic. Yeah, most definitely. Ronnie probably had the most impact. But, but see the thing is, is that when they played back then Ronnie would've been suspended. I mean, you could hear people like Ronnie was hitting people like Ward and it was hitting people And man, they would've been out, out the league suspended. Yes. They would've been out the league. Ronnie, You you see Kareem Jackson, you see how Kareem Jackson is about to miss six games again? That's the way Ronnie la Yes. Oh, you want, let let's talk about Ocho. Let suspended him for hitting Jo Joshua Dobbs. It was a 31 and they ran a quarterback power.


Kareem Jackson comes and he'll send me his chest with his helmet. I saw it. I saw it. Ocho, You are not afforded the same protection as a runner, as a receiver, as a quarterback in the pocket. He's a runner. It's 31. You no longer get those protections. So what do you do? What, what do you do On 31? I'm not gonna let you fall forward. And he's like, I'm not, if I hit him in his leg, he gonna fall for the first down. He said, I'm gonna hit him in his mouth. So as a defender, what do you do? Because they've handicapped nothing. They've handicapped the game. The the game to, to a point where it makes no sense. Where you just can't, you can't do anything. You can't. And my pushback is, as a runner, you are not afforded the protection as a receiver in the air or a quarterback that's in the pocket.


You don't, you are a runner. Right. So what am I, so how am I supposed, especially Ocho, we coming this way. It's 31. If I tackle you at the legs, what you gonna do? You gonna fall for the first down, Fall forward for the first down. I'm trying to hit you up top to keep you. That's why like guys tackling the guy around the, around the legs on the one yard line. Right. He gonna fall in the end zone For a touchdown. Exactly. So I'm gonna try to keep him getting that first down. I'm gonna hit you in your mouth and you a runner. Yeah. Duck. Unbelievable. The advice I got for a quarterback. When you see a safety like Kareem Jackson come barreling down duck. Yeah. Makes no sense. You don't Wanna get hit slide.


I don't know what to tell You. Makes no sense. Not not, not in that situation. Not in that situation. No. He's a runner. He's not afforded protections. Right. Of a defenseless receiver. He's not afforded the protection of a quarterback that's in the pocket. He's running the football. He's a running back. You would've never, the question is, would you have called that play if it was a running back? No. Because that's what Joshua Dobbs is. The moment that he had, he had, it's like a power, quarterback power. And he tucks that ball in his arm. He's a runner. He's A Runner. He's a runner. That's crazy. And if and if it has, And me too. I'm a runner too. And I'm trying to run through his ass, Paul, but I've tried to hit it.


That's what I, oh, he coming. I'm trying to hit him dead in his mouth. Yeah. You not gonna get this first down. It's gonna be forth down. Y'all gotta go fourth on fourth. But I'm gonna hit you. Yo, I'm gonna hit you down your chest as hard as I can. You gonna get, you get fined. You get suspended too. Ocho. Because what you telling me, if your quarterback, if you are a coach, don't care any more than to have you run it. If he not protecting you, why should I, Should I? Exactly. What did Tom Brady say? It's not the defensive player job to protect the offensive player. The offensive players. Yeah. Yeah. So, And the funny thing, that's What you think Of you, what the, what the NFL is doing is the NFL is now putting the defensive players in harm way. Because now you're gonna start trying to tackle in a way that you can tackle a way that you haven't been able to play all your life and start trying to do something you're not supposed to do.


Right. And you're gonna hurt yourself. And you remember Ocho hurt yourself when they started by the heads and guys started hitting guys in the knees and tearing the Acls. Yeah. Tearing the acls. You can't win. You can't win for losing. You Can't, you can't, Can't win for losing


O'Reilly. You need parts O'Reilly Auto parts has parts need them fast. We've got fast. No matter what you need. We have thousands of professional parts. People doing their part to make sure you have it. Product availability. Just one part that makes O'Reilly stand apart. The professional parts people, Oh, Auto parts


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer. One of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, you know, there a lot of bets going on, man. There done been bets between teammates. I mean, not teammates. Yeah, but hell, I I I ain. Teammates, friends. Yeah. Yeah. But nobody know that I be nobody. Nobody know. Nobody knew hell, I bet Al Alpha Williams 25,000, but I would have more touchdowns that he had sacks. Golly man. Guess what? Who, who won? I, I broke. I broke my collarbone week four. He broke, he tore his Achilles week five. So we settled. I went to, he wanted 12. He so I said we, we could settle. Right? He had one sack. I had no, so we settled what you had to pay him. He said, I tell you what he said, I want $12,500.


Right. Guess what this joker wanted what he Wanted. Don't say food. Susan B. Anthony dollars. Susan B. Anthony. Yeah. He wanted those quarter. So I had to go to the bank and get, because he wanted inconvenience me. He wanted my pride. Oh. So When I Got put that order to the bank, can I get 12,500 B? Anthony, do you know how hard it's to get those damn things? So he made it difficult? Yes. And they was heavy as hell. Hey, let's go. I, Hey listen. I I like to bet though I like it Because that's the way we betted. Yeah. So like, we bet in the locker room.


I didn't, I didn't want your money. I want your pride. Yeah. I want $500 in nickels. Man. Sean, come on man. I want you to take your ass to the bank. Ask the cashier could you get $500 in nickels. And when she ask you say Mr. Such and such, why you need 500 on Nichols? I want you to tell them I lost the bet to 84 mm. I get Buffalo Nickels, I get a hundred dollars in Buffalo Nickels. I get $250 in Dimes. Right. That's what I wanted. I wanted, I wanted a a a a, what is it Kennedy? Half dollars. We call 'em Kennedy 50 cents. Pete. Yo. I wanted those. Yes. Silver dollars. Yes. I want your pride Ocho. Everybody making money. Yeah. Yeah. So what is it for me? Okay. You lose a thousand dollars.


You gonna bring me a thousand dollars cash? No, I don't want a thousand cash. I want coins. Pennies, nickels, dimes, Buffalo Nickels, Susan, b Anthony Quarters, Kennedy, half dollar, Kennedy 50 said what we call him in the south. Golly. You know Wecho, you know we gamble everything. We had a little poppy shop basketball thing. Yeah. In, in, in the locker room. So we, we betting per diem. Hey bet everybody got their per diem lined up The role per diem. Yes. Yes. We bet. Role per diem. Man, look Me, And, we getting ready to go to practice.


Right. Me and my home, me and my homeboy Burns. He like, we got, so, you know, we, we been there for a week. So I went upstairs, got my check, got his, I said, because we like to bet. Don't even look at it. Put it down. Okay, fine. Bet it is. Bet what it is. So I put my check down, he put his down, we shoot, we gotta go to practice. We come back, come on, let's get the ball first. Hey, hey, hold up me and burn shooting this. He shoot, he missed, I make it. So at that point in time you get to open the check and see what it is. Right. So he opened my check. I opened his, his was like $1,400.


Right. Mine was like 70,000. Woo. He said, homeboy, you'd been throwing up. I said, oh hell yeah. I but that's, but that's the chance that you make. You don't look at the check. You just bet. Yeah. I'm cool with that. Y'all Beall bet than me. Boy. I ain't Oh we bet. Everything. Oh we bet everything. Oh, boray in between you up played in between. Nah, what's that? In between? In between? Is That what the You take two. You take two decks of cards. I flip one, I flip both cards up. Yeah. It might be a ace. It might be a five. You gonna say a in between.


If it comes in between the ace and a five, you win. If you get hit on the edges, you get double. You have to pay double. So if it's a Ace or five, you pay double. Ooh Man. I don't know where that is. We played on the way to Super Bowl. Right. Asked the guys what park got like 50 grand. 50,000? Yeah. Oh we took Super Bowl. I took, oh hey Peter. I'm sorry. I gotta give up this information. Oh. But we took, we took, hey we took four sub bowl tickets off Willie Greed. Ooh. Four sub bowl tickets and 10 grand. I know he were Hot. I know he was hot. I was very generous.


I know he was hot. Ocho. I want do old school car. 71 Chevelle. Yeah. I said man give me five grand. I can't, I said, because you go home and tell your wife you lost this car. It's gonna be problems in your house. It'll Snap. Yeah. Give me five grand. We'll call it Eva. And Mike used to tell 'em, say look, y'all gambling with 84. Do y'all know how long 84 been playing? Right? 84. Okay. I don't really like you guys gambling 'cause I don't want you thinking about your lost 20,000, 30,000 Right during the game. But like, if I rock with you, if I want a big sum of money off you, I'm like, bro, go ahead.


Hey, just give give five grand. We'll call it either. Yeah. But I wanted nice black chrome rims. Just got it. It'll probably worked about 20, 25. Yeah. I said, man, gimme five grand. You go cool Boy. Hey boy. Yo, listen, We Gamble. Hey, when, when, whenever the gambling went on locker room training camp. We on break. Man. I'm, I'm, man, you know I ain't, I ain't around none of that bro. I ain't got You Spending money spending Shit came about Ocho. You go ask anybody that played in Denver. No sir. From 19, from 19 95, 96.


Right. All the way it it, they closed it down when I left. When I came back it came from there. That's where we gambled. We played cars, we rode rolled dice, they played video game. We drank, smoked all that within Club Shaik. That's how it came to be. Yeah. I don't see, I don't see how y'all do that man. And people in the chat that gamble people just in general. Like even when y'all was playing, even former teammates of mine, there was, there was, there's such an excitement and passion and joy in people's faces when they gamble. Hear from. And me being from Miami, watching people gamble, playing spades, playing, playing t playing get, get like me with the quarters. Yeah. Back in the day we was in high school watching, watching the dope boys play C low.


Excuse me, I hate, I hate to say that word, but watching the boys play C like what, what are we doing? I'm not doing nothing or losing my money to anything where I can't control it. Like if I'm, I'm losing money, I wanna be in control of it. I don't want any outside variations of what I'm doing. That cause me to lose my money. I can't, I can't do it. And then I, I, I remember I going, I went to the casino with rail and I'm talking to the man. I'm saying Sir, are y'all gonna stop the man from continuing to gamble that much money at the high roller table? Why are you allowing him to do this? That's what we do here.


Yeah. Why you think no? Oh no. I gotta have it. We gamble O Joe, we gambling. Why you, why you think we don't have no windows? What the fuck you mean what the windows have to do with anything? Ain't no clocks on the wall. Ain't no clocks on. 'cause they want you to lose track of time and they pumping in fresh oxygen. Listen, I learned all this just not too long ago without, when I was in Vegas for F1, you know? Yeah. I'm like, man, y'all better. I ga Ocho, we gamble. Yeah. Y'all Every night, every, there was not one night in Denver when I was in training camp. Right. That we didn't gamble. Yeah. Ocho. We was going to bed. Like, we gotta be like, we got practice at nine. Right. We ain't go to bed till like two o'clock, three o'clock in the morning And y'all going to practice on four, five hours of sleep.


Yep. And and the last night we stay up the whole night like our, our crew that normally, oh, we gotta, you gotta stay up the whole night. Oh. Oh. We had a black a we had a blast. Oh. And the last and the last night. The rookies. Yeah. Got to get a mocho. You Got, you got 'em. Yeah. I remember them being What? Man, look here we go to the store. We get like 25 pounds of flour. We get like 8, 9, 10 bottles of syrup. We cut the pillows open. Right. We got the tar and feather. Mm Oh not the tar and feather.


Yeah. Fire extinguisher. Oh. Do you know how hard, you know how hard that is to get off? I do know. Oh no. Think about how many guys came with Ben, with Ben with pillow feathers in the head and on the stuck on their back and on the neck. Hey. Because you know I was cool. Hey, you know, hey I get the key, I get the master key in there asleep fire extinguish 'em down. Book it up outta there. Oh, we did some damage. I Knew they were hot But you know what Mike said, Hey, hey, I don't normally do this but I know, you know, probably 84 has something to do with it.


Right. And this team. Oh Man. Or if some stuff popped off, they already know. Right. Mike knew team building. We got this covered. Right. Hoo. Oh we, oh, that dorm was a mess Going crazy. Yes. Yes. Because hey, got together Mocho. It's a part of it. Welcome to the Broncos. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Most Definitely. That's what I miss Ocho. See that's what I miss. The fun. That's what I miss. The talent show. Like we, did y'all have a talent show like the rookies had to put on a talent show?


No, but hey listen. That that Hard Knocks y'all had Yes. Before we did ours. That talent show, boy, when, when Buddy did Ray Lewis and Buddy did and Buddy did you? Boy, I was in tears. I'm talking about in tears crying. That was good. Oh yeah, that Was good. Oh we had, we had, we had a talent show. We had a talent show in, in, in Denver. But I, you know, like I said, I I ain't really know. Like I said, I mean when I was in college we didn't really do the stuff like, like, like rookie stuff. Hazing, they ain't cutting nobody hair, stuff like that. I mean, I'm trying to think what we did to the rookies Because it got me, I mean it was, it was all all fun.


Like I said, I didn't wanna let nobody cut my hair. Right. You know what I'm saying? I and I ain't do, we wasn't doing anything to demean anybody. We wasn't gonna cut your hair and foolishness like that. But I'm sure there was some things that we did, but that was all a part of it. I, that's what I miss. That's what I miss. If they could just let, and I was like, Mike, if I could just go back, I ain't wanna do meetings no more. That's what really got me outta the league. Yeah. The meetings. I said, Mike, just let me practice. Let me show up to practice. Right, Right, right. Let me play the games. Your boy good. Yeah. You boy good. I said, but that's funny. Ocho, those were the days, bro. I wish I could get those back. I wish I could do that. Obviously I couldn't play anymore. But I just want to go hang around the just go hang. Not now. I'm just letting my guys I would like, after I left for like three or four years.


Yeah. I just wanted to go back. 'cause a lot of the guys that I played with were still playing. Man. I said, man, I wish I could just go back there. They like sharp, man. They ain't the same without you because you Ocho. You know I kept it live now. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Everybody want to get on bus too because that, you know the coaches, everybody bus, you know, the owner was on bus. Everybody. Hey Sean, what bus you getting on? Because you know we gonna keep it crunk. We bagging on somebody. Somebody wants some bull drive today. Oh you, oh you oh, oh. They, oh, y'all get on the, the, the outfits. What I got on the dude so bad. I made him, took his outfit off on the plane got fine because Mike say I told you gotta work.


Made him take it, come up at it. It was that bad. Made him come up at it. Well shoot. But to today, today's NFL players boy, it's, oh, they, They it The it's a fashion show. Yes. Boy, it is a fashion show. I made him come up. I I made him come up. I Oh they, hey sharp man. You see what such Hey Sharp, come look what such and such got on. I got to get him. Oh, I got get him. Yeah. The only person that you could not get upset about the dress was Ed. Ed McCaffrey. Ed McCaffrey. That joke coming out there looking like a four H camper. He gonna have on khaki pants. Yeah.


And a blue blazer that he got folded up. That he taking out his duffle bag. Right. That every what Easy Ed got on Every time And some and some and some Doc Martins Ed don't care. Ed don't care nothing. So we ain't even bother Ed. It had that got to the point. I was like, why ragged on Ed, ed don't care. We need, we need to give people to actually care that if we rag on them. Yeah. Oh. Oh. I can make Hey, me at the back of that plane. Yeah. Make 'em come slam up out of it. Ocho Back of the plane with Where is that? I remember that. I remember, I remember going to the airport. You know everybody gotta meet at the stadium before you Yeah. You had to get on the bus.


Remember everybody used to bring Popeyes. Oh yeah. That was the rookies had to bring, rookies had to bring for the rookie. That's right. The rookie. The rookie, the rookies had to bring Popeyes. I, you know, I, you know, I came with my my own. I came with my own McDonald's. Yeah. Man, them joke man. Them jokers have you go get man, they go get rib, make you go get ribs, man, you gotta go get fried catfish All type Of stuff. Man. Big Ted, big Ted Washington was, was on my team. Were you man. Ted had them rookies go and get Popeye's, mac and cheese. Fried catfish. Right. Oh, they come on dude. I remember them days. Yeah. But see this is before your time. See we used to could drive right up, park our cars and get right on the plane. Plane back up, out for real. And we take Yeah. We never, we didn't have to go like my first, my first four or five years, we didn't have to go to that port.


Go to a private hangar. Right. Park your car, walk right up. Get right on a plane. Oh, I ain't never heard of that boy. Yeah, that's new Man. Oh. Oh. That, that was, that was lovely. Lovely. And then, you know, you had to start, you know, had to start getting there on time because Mike was gonna leave you, Mike was gonna leave you if you wasn't number seven, number 30, number 84. Right. Maybe a few others because Mike, they asked what, what such and such like, oh, we hold a plane. We got, we can, it's a charter flight. We leave. We want to somebody else, anybody else. But I wasn't gonna be late. I already already understood because I know guys' looking, I'm not gonna be late.


Horse attic just donated $20. Ask us to recall the hardest hit we've ever taken. Hardest hit. Ooh, I I know what mine is. Who, who? Somebody caught you. I got. And I know. I bet, I bet you, I bet you got caught on the slant too. Either slant or seam. I got caught on the override. I got two, two Resty Soul, Orlando Thomas. I ran a far cross. Yeah. And checked this out. What made it so bad? He picked it. So I'm go, I'm looking for the ball like this. Ooh. He jumps up knee catching me in the chin. I'm I, before I even hit the dirt before hit Wait out cold.


Ow. Ow. OUWT. Ow. Pig it. But you know back. Yeah. But you know, back then, Ocho, they, hey come to the sideline. Hey, Smelling salt, Little smelling salt little, you know, Hey, how many fingers I got up? You know, they ain't do, but one or two you. Hey. Right. You got a 50% chance. Oh two. Okay, you good. Go back in there. And then my and I got hit by the Raiders. I, I, I forget the linebacker's name. We were in a, we were in a a two tight end set. Right. Tiger said 12 personnel. And normally I'm playing, why normally I play Tiger, but I'm playing. Why in this situation, Chamberlain's playing the tiger.


They walk, they walk the back. The Sam backer, anytime they walk the Sam backer. What you thinking? Ocho on another tight end. I'm thinking, man, Man. Yeah. Obviously that's the only reason he walked though. Check this out. So he, the tiger tight end's gonna run a goal. I'm gonna run a flat. Mm. It's cover two. Don't tell me the corner sat, The corner is the, is the Sam backer The quarterback didn't see it. Didn't see it. He's thinking the same Ocho, he thinking the same thing. I'm thinking they walk the same. I'm like, I'm finna o Ocho. I see that. And then Ocho, you know what I'm thinking?


I say, Ooh, ooh. That mean the mic gotta cover me. I'm gonna, I I catch this flat route. I'm turn this thing up, Up. Ooh. Oh yeah, you, you, you hard Ocho you head on him. Yeah, Man. Ocho. I did this right here. Yeah. Ocho. He hit me so hard. He knocked my helmet off. Man. Wait, you, he didn't knock you out though. You got up. Yeah, I got up, I got up. I don't know how I got a couple of legs. I got hit a a, a a dude O Ocho. I done took some licks.


I took one, I caught a shallow cross. Ocho got a block and turned up. And by that time I had a fractured my eye socket at the end of 95. So I was wearing a shield. Right. Ocho. I caught it. I turned up. I didn't see dude, the safety came, hit me dead on the side of my head. He said, they say, Hey red, that a way to bring the wood. And I'm thinking to myself, I'm laying the ground. Said what Wood? He brought Ocho, he cracked my shield like a windshield. You know how hard it was to crack a she got, he cracked it. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. That's why he cracked it. I, we were playing the, we were playing the, the browns. We were playing at home.


I'll never forget this. And a lot of people remember this is the era. During the time where I had the blonde mohawk. I mind you, I'm in my prime now. I'll never forget. Two two by two by two. Two by two set. Okay. You know when you got two receivers on one side and it's third down slant coming. Yeah. Oh yeah. Double slant. Double slant is coming man. I run the slant. Carson, I don't know if the ball might have slipped outta Carson hand by accident. Maybe a tad bit. I the ball was too high. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar couldn't have caught this ball. What do I do? You jump for it. I still jump anyway. Trying to go get it. I'll never forget this man. Brian Russell. Brian Russell, the safety for the Browns at the time hit me up under my chin.


My helmet went flying one way. It's blood gushing my jersey. I'm knocked out on the field. I'm knocked out cold. Wow. Like knock out cold. I think he played for the bikers too. Ocho check can see if Brian Russell played for the Viking, because I think he got me too Ocho. He He did. I think he did. No Unc Unc. Listen, I was knocked out. I'm talking about knocked out. Like when you in the boxing ring and somebody knock you out, you sleep. Yes. But I was, I was asleep on the field then. I'm not sure what happened after that. In, in 2000? In 2000 2, 2, 2, he got me two Ocho. Oh, That was him. Listen, He, hey, he got, he got a unnecessary roughness. He talking about my bad. I, I said, what you mean yo bad? You dirty Mofo.


Listen, he put his helmet right up under my chin on the scene route. Yes. I had I the stitches You could still see, you could still see with a gas. I had a big gash. Then after the game, the media wanted to interview me. I'm still concussed, like if, I'm sure if when they edit this And, we talk about this. You could see me after the game. I'm still concussed. All I wanna know is, how did Lee Biden do? Like, you could tell I'm still woozy, dude. Yeah. I never, ever, ever, ever been hit like that again. And that, that obviously that's the hardest hit because I didn't see it coming. Yeah. The stuff with Ray Lewis, the stuff with Ray Lewis and stuff. I see. I see those hits coming. So you're able to pinch, you know, You brace a little bit, pinch Your body or you embrace for it that Brian Russell hit nothing like that ever before.


You and I were both on the show. We start, I was in Baltimore in 2001. And. we kicked off Hard. Knocks. Yeah. You were on the fifth and the seventh season. Yeah. Talk about some of your experience with the cameras and having to try to offer the fans a glimpse in a day, in a life of a player that's in training camp, be it a veteran player. Well, listen that, that was one of the best experiences to me. Obviously, allowing people to see what it's like inside, inside of training camp. Seeing the way, the work ethic that not just I put in, but, but my teammates. What goes into day-to-Day practices, our schedules as far as meetings, obviously the, the cutthroat part of the business, obviously. You know, when it's time, when it's time to get cut, cut. Yeah. But it, it, it, it, it was fun.


It was very fun. Just, just being myself, being authentic. Being being my ag my AIC organic self. And I, I I, I really enjoyed it. I really enjoyed it. It was the birth, it was the birthing of child, please. One of my sayings and kissed the baby and some other stuff like that. And it just allowed the people to see a, a different side of a, a different side of us outside of seeing the finished product on Sundays at one o'clock. And what I like to call the politically, the politically correct interviews that we do on Sundays after games. I think that, that, that's Hard Knocks is really good. 'cause it shows a different side of all the players. Yeah. It gives you an opportunity. The players getting ready, the meeting time, how much meeting time, the prep work guys getting massages and the guys getting in the cold tub and the guys doing things to get ready because you break it down, you break your body down.


Yeah. And then somehow you gotta get it back together for the next day of practice. And, and, and, and, and the, and the difficult side, some of these players dreams will go unrealized. You made it there. But this is as far as it goes. And the realization that my dream of being a an NFL player is not going to materialize. And now I've got to branch back into the real world and get, you had a great run. You were probably a, a pretty good high school player, good to great high school player. Had a good, had a very good, excuse me, college career. But that next level isn't going to happen to you. And sometimes watching the guys, because you get, you get close to some of the guys, you see how hard and how much work they put into it.


And then to realize that, you know what, it's over now. Yeah. Listen, that's a, that's a tough job. That's a tough, tough job to do, especially for coaches. And when you get there, when you hear that knock on the door, you know, and it say bring your bring playbook, man, that's man, that has to be one of the worst feelings. And the fact that obviously Hard Knocks is cut it out. I think, I think they cut out that part where they, where they show people getting released now. Right? They no longer show that. Yeah. I don't think. No, I don't think they, but listen, listen, it's, it's, it's, it's honest. It's, it's just, it's just the truth of the business and it's just, it is just the way it is. Obviously my childhood dream, it wasn't even to be an NFL player. I wanted to be a veterinarian. I wanted to be a marine biologist because I love dogs and I love killer whales. But the fact that grandma, obviously with football being my outlet and something for me to do based on the area where I was in, because it's either you're playing sports and there's no other route.


I definitely wanted to be no academic scholar. Unc. I can be honest with you. I, I'm just gonna be honest with you. Your grade you got in prison. Hey, listen. But listen, listen, grandma is the reason I was able to make it, man. And, and that day when I saw that name, when I saw that name go across that, across that ticker. Ticker. Yeah. She, yeah. She was the first one I went to, man. And I told her, I said, mommy, we made it, man. She told me, listen, listen. Just the beginning of your journey, right? This was, it is beginning and then, and then it starts all back over again. It's a, it is an entire different set of goals that I had to set and conquer. Yep. You're ab absolutely right. And that's what a lot of times I tell the guys, I say, this is the end. This is the beginning. Oh yeah. So now this is step one.


You are here making the team. Now, is it just good enough that you made the team? What do you wanna be? I didn't wanna be a guy, just a guy. I wanted to be the guy. Yeah. I wanted to be dependent on, I wanted the guy, I wanted people to have my jersey off. I wanted people to like throw the ball to sharp. I wanted my teammates to say, Hey man, get that thing, man. Get that thing to sharp. Get that thing to sharp. Yeah. That's what I wanted to hear. It wasn't good enough. Like I'm on the team. Oh yeah. I play for the Broncos Bronco. Yeah. What position do you play? You know, do you start or what, what do you do? No, no, no, no, no, no. I I I needed people to know. Right. I needed what, when my grandmother turned the TV over, my, my sister would turn the TV on to the, that the channel that we gonna be on.


Right. That she knew her baby was out there. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe I saw my baby. He was, he had a good game. Yeah. So that's, that's for me, that was my goal. That's what it was. Not just getting to the NFL because I'm always dreamed. But now that I'm here, I can't go back. Right, right. Listen, I had no choice to go back because like my grandma told me, I got in trouble at Langs University and I got thrown outta school. And I told you, I came home on the plane and she said, I washed my hands with you. I've done all I can do and ship me to my mama. There was no coming back. So once I made it, once I got the opportunity in the NFL, there were no more doors. There were no more doors.


I could walk through us. I had no choice but to make it work. And of course I get drafted by the Bengals. At that time, we were the laughing stock of the NFL. And you, I got my homeboys in the hood. You know, we in Liberty City, we celebrating like, God Lee Ocho, boy, you went to the Bengals, they laughing like, listen, gimme a year or two and it won't be so funny. I said, gimme a year or two and I will do all I can to make sure we're not the laughing stock of the league. But I will make us fun to watch again. I will give that city and those fans something to be proud of. I'll make people happy and feel okay wearing jerseys, Cincinnati jerseys outside of Cincinnati. And I think I just did that.


Obviously, you, you, you, the end goal is to have a Lombardi trophy. But that's a team. That's a, that's a, a team achievement and accomplishment. I wasn't able, I fell short of that. But everything else I lived up to. But going back, what was I going back to? The reason I fought so hard was I didn't have to go back, go back to visit. But I wasn't going back to stay. There was nothing. There was nothing. There was no gravitational pull. And that's what I didn't understand. Ocho. I had guys, I had teammates in college when I got to Savannah State in 86. Yeah. And I remember there were guys in 80 even I can remember guys that were very talented, but they like, man, sharp. This ain't for me, man. I gotta get back home. I mean, be, it was a girl that, I mean, I had a couple teammates that had girlfriends back home and they were homesick.


You, you Serious? Timeout. Are you Serious? Yeah. Da dead ass. Yes. They had to go back. I had, I had a teammate. I had a teammate. That was so good. Yeah, he was a a, he went to, he got, he was, he went to the league. I ain't gonna call his name 'cause I'm not gonna embarrass him, but he wanted, he wanted to come back and hang with his homeboys. He wanted to come back and hang with his homeboys. You dead ass. He was, he was good. He was his feet, his feet was as good as any DB that I faced. I'm not saying he was the best DB that I faced even in league, but his feet, the way he could get in and outta breaks the way he could flip his hips.


But he wanted to be with his homeboys. Help me, help me understand. I've been playing the game of football since I was four years old. Having a dream, obviously, of reaching the childhood pinnacle of my dreams of being an NFL player and getting the opportunity to do, getting the opportunity to do so. And his first thought was, I wanna go home and hang with my homeboys. But see, that was your dream. I'm not so sure that was his dream. He happened to be good at it. He was good at it in high school. He was good at it in college. But I mean, at, at a certain point in time it come, you have to make up your mind. How good do I wanna be and do I wanna make this a career? Right. Because, you know, once you get that level, everybody, everybody was all conference.


Everybody was an honor mention All American, but death got a BCUs. And see, the thing is Ocho, and this is what I tell people, whenever you come to the Broncos or whenever you came to the Ravens, whatever award you won, we had to see was it deserved. Whether you was the BCUs, whether, whether you was the Thorpe, you were a Heisman trophy, you were an all American. I needed to see why. Right, right, right, right. Hey, that, that's hard to picture, man. That's hard to picture. I'm, I'm trying to wrap my, my head around. Even though, even if that wasn't his dream, to be able to reach the pinnacle of being one of the 1%, like, how do you say that? And want to go back home. Go back home and do what? How many homeboy you had in high school? That was, that was better than me.


I had Oh yes. Whoa. It dropped out to smoke weed or dropped out to sell dope. Listen, I know, I know people, I know people gonna see this. That's from, that's from Miami. I had so many people from Miami Central, from Miami, Northwestern Kely High School. I can go, I can go through so many high, so many schools where people were much better than I was. I was decent. I'm a, I, I'm, I'm like, I like to call it, I was a late bloomer. I was a late bloomer. There were some dudes that I I knew were going to the NFL that were much better than me. And for whatever reason, I don't know what happened. Obviously I, once I left the college, you know, we all lose track. At some point we lose track of each other. But dude, they're people that I looked up to in high school to this day.


I can name 'em off. I wanted to be like them growing up. Magic Benton, marquee Cooper, Cedric Cherry, Snoop Menace, Lynn Coleman sent, sent, wait, hold on, hold on. No, it's, I can, I can go. It make, I got chills. Just not right now. Think about some, some of them dudes, man. Tutu, atwell. I, I can keep going, man. It is so many, dude. I I want to be like all em boys Now look up to them and one of the rea not, not Cedric, what's role? Damn. What's his name? What's his name from Norlan Man. Samari? No, not, not Samari, because Samari played with me. Remember Samari was a senior? Yeah, I was a freshman at, at Beach High. Okay. He, he played receiver at Omar role.


Okay. Omar role played play, re play receiver. Like I wanted to be like them. And one of the things that kept me going was watching them play when I was younger. And I just wanted to make it, I just wanted, I wanted to be like magic. You know? I wanted to be like, man, oh my goodness. Tyrone Butterfield, Ronald Washington, all these dudes. Like, I'm like, oh my goodness, I wanna be like them. And I think the drive in me wanna be successful like them is what got me to the NFL. And still to this day, I ain't seen these boys in so long. But this is one of the few times I've been on the platform to tell them they probably gonna see this man, I appreciate y'all. 'cause they is part of my motivation. I just wouldn't, I never saw 'em to be able to let 'em know.


Yeah. I, I think a lot of the best part about Hard, Knocks, let me get back on subject with the Hard. Knocks. Is that, yeah. When I had my bad, when f No, no, no. We good. That's the one thing that we do. We get to talk about what we want to talk about. I mean, hey look, people, you, you tune in for the football takes, but you stay for the stories. But I had go because I, I, I thought like, kind of like after we did it, it kinda like a lot of other people wanted to get the limelight. I give Brian Billick, I give Ozzy an op a credit for this. It's about the players. Yeah. So Goose, myself, rest in peace, goose, race Rod. It was about us. And let us give us an opportunity to show our personality. Because a lot of times it is about playing pranks.


It is about playing jokes over one another and doing things. I wish you could, like, if they could have a a when we would, when when I went back to Denver, How we used to steal teammate's car drive him off for like driving him like a mile. You could see it in the distance. We take, we lead a, we lead a car running with the doors open. Right? Yeah. So now you look up, down on the hill, you look up there like, man, man, it's sharp man. Why you do that, man, I don't know what you talking about, bro. I'm at practice how your car, how take your car way up there. Right, right, right. And leave it on running with the doors open man. And then when they get out the battery dead, you know what I'm saying? Or we would take their clothes. Right. Dip 'em in the cold tank. And when they get out, put 'em in the freezer.


When they get out, they steal. Man, ain't nobody did this, but Sharp. Nobody did the pro why Sharp did everything. Why I gotta be the guy. Y'all blame me. They got me good in my rookie year. I'll never forget. I had a, I had a IS 300, IS 301st car ever. First car, obviously I didn't have, I, I didn't have a car until I got to the NFL. I had a little small little IS 300 and they turned my car on, rolled the windows down and somebody took the fire extinguisher and they sprayed Off Spray fire extinguisher and let it off in the car. So when I woke up the following morning, the entire interior is all white. So now I come out, I come out, I'm 38 hot.


I'm like, yo, I go to co I go to coach. It was Dick Lebo at the time. I go to Dick Lebo. I say Coach, coach Lebo man, somebody playing around with my car, man. I just got this like, what, what we doing? And then he explained to me how it goes. Rookie on in the NFL. You're a rookie. It a part of the hazen a part of the routine. Yep. Boom. Same day. Same day I go to practice my clothes. I wore to go to practice. I come in, they soaking in the cold tub. Yep. They done put, They didn't put my clothes in the cold tub. Yep. So now I'm hot and I wanna fight. And then until I find out it's the goddamn D lineman, it's the goddamn, it's, it's the goddamn D lineman playing jokes. Yeah. I ain't want no part of that.


Yeah. I ain't want no part of that. So I, I mean we Do all I understand we did all kind of stuff. I mean, we guys, we like okay. You know, got, because we like to wait till the last minute. We already got our path, you know, got our pants on. So we know we gonna grab your pads like the lake. So we gonna put, we gonna put powder or we'll put water in in your shoulder pad. So when you reach up there and pull em down. Yeah. Dump it on you before I nail the locker shut. So I go by nail nail the locker shut. Locker shut. They can't get in it. What about the baby? What about the baby powder? The baby. Oh yeah. In your helmet? The baby, The baby powder. The helmet. Oh, you put the helmet on. Oh, we put, oh, we put a warm snicker bar in your helmet.


Yeah. And you put it on. Oh, you be out there sweat, chocolate and everything, man, listen, hey, but that was the, I mean, look, that was the get through. But you, but you knew who to do that to and who not to do that to Who? Not to. Oh yeah, Because it, it, it definitely, it definitely cause a fight now It, it get ugly now. It Definitely cause a fight. It get ugly. So you think, you know, you knew who to play with and who not to play with. Shannon. A y'all have y'all had to take your, take a dump while y'all playing? Or had a teammate almost during the game? Nah, I mean, normally guys got like, guys like, like in the game we pee on, guys would pee on the sideline.


The, the trainer just come hold a bag. We move in front of a piece of equipment. And, we just pee on the sideline. Oh yeah. If it was, if it was raining, the offensive lineman guy would pee in the pants, just go and it's, it's, it's wet. You don't know, but nah, nah, nah. Hell nah. What's wrong with Sean? Nah. Oh yeah. Guy would just pee on the sideline side. I pee on the sideline a number at least 10 times on the sideline. Yes. They just, you just go in a bag just, they just hold a bag and you peeing it and the, and the, and the crowd get to see, we kneeling down. They don't know. Oh wow.


They, but you what I'm saying, but no, nah, hell nah. Nah, nah. But no, we, we just run to the back. We just go to the back. Like, because most of the people before the games, they nerves kick in. Whatever Red Bull or energy drink they took in then about to run through they body. Yeah. So the game, they, they running in the bathroom now. We was in those woods. I, them guys had to go to the bathroom and they come back with no shirt. They didn't had no toilet paper. They used their shirt, they used their shirts and they come back and have to work the rest of the day with no shirt on. But that, that, but not, not in the game. Yeah. Nah, uncle but NBA players bougie. We had players that wouldn't even use the restroom at the facility.


But see that's, that's that them the kind of players I'm talking about. Yeah. We wouldn't, them one ain't done. See I can't, yeah. I can't just go anywhere. Nah, they got their, me personally, I'd rather go, I'd rather go in the woods than go in the gym. I'd rather go in the woods than go in the airport. You mix with me. What's wrong with you all? Nah man, I like to be free. I take off all my clothes. I go to the bathroom. Now I take off everything I got thrown in the floor. I don't want nothing. I don't want nothing wrong. My ankle, I wanna be free. Oh man. Yeah. So I'm just like, yeah. I, I butt naked clothes piled up in the floor.


Like we had hold y'all up there laughing. I dunno who, who, I dunno what I ain't. So I'm the only one that take off all the clothes to go number two in the bathroom. I'm the only one. Yeah. Unc, we not, we not six uncle. When we was six years old, we did every thing I, when we were six Unc, we did that. We gonna do that as a grown ass adults. Unc. We trying get, you trying to get comfortable. We trying to get in and get out. But, but see here at the thing, no, Gil, that came from when I was growing up, we had to go in the woods. So you had to take off all your clothes 'cause you didn't want to get nothing on your clothes. So you took off all your clothes, you put them in front of you and you went to the bathroom.


So as I got and I got an opportunity to go in the bathroom, I just took all, I just thought that was just a natural progression. I took off all my clothes. So if I go to the bathroom, I take off all my clothes and put 'em on the floor and I go to the bathroom, do what I do, put my clothes, put my clothes back on. I take off my shirt, my short, everything Unc in that hair like this. Yeah. You let me go about. Yeah, no, for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, yeah, yeah. I take my pain. By the time you get off your clothes off.


We done finish and got outta there. This man, Gil, Gil, I'm telling you, when I first, I, I had this one. Like, I would, like, I would, I, I don't go to the bathroom. Like if we upstairs, I go downstairs. She like, where you going? I'm like, I'm going to get something to eat. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I go to the bathroom. I don't tell her what I'm going, I don't tell her what I'm gonna do, you know. But I, I have my clothes piled up. Hey, I'm comfortable. Go come back upstairs. He like, dang, I ain't hear, I ain't hear you open the refrigerator. I said, yeah, I just got some cookies or something. Damn. But nah, nah, nah, nah.


Not, not in the game. We ain't gotta do no number two. But nah, I see. Hey, somebody, am I the only one? I ain't the only one. I ain't the only one. Yeah. Yeah. But no, I, I take off. No, I take off everything. Shoes, socks, shirt. Yeah. I got on Nothing. I gotta be, I gotta be, I gotta have it in all, I gotta be free. I gotta be comfortable. Hey, that's funny as hell. I'm not gonna lie. That's funny. I'm not even gonna lie. No, I don't fold no clothes. I just, I just pile them down. Just Throw 'em right there in the finish. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta Wait. Can you help me, give me, gimme a little bit more context and understanding how is the video board affecting the kicks in any way?


He said, because the stadium, it used to be there was no board. And so the win the kickers took into effect took into account the, the win. But this kicker is a rookie. He never kicked without the video board. So what is he taking into account? Oh, okay. I I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying. He's struggling. I think he's made, I think he's missed four of his eight field goal attempts. Ooh. And so he's struggling. And so when you have the longevity that you have with Ben Terry, right. Who's one of the two, one of the two best. I think Tuck, he and Tuck are right there. Neck and neck. He's just had more opportunities in bigger moments. Right. Right, right, Right. Can't get, you know, the, the Tuck rule game.


He kicked the game with, you know, the Gametime field goal and the game winner and the Super Bowl. He, he's walked off two Super Bowl Clutch. Yes. So with that being said to, to, to, I'm just trying to figure out what kind of adjustment is he making the kicker needs to make when he never kicked in the, the old sta the stadium without the board. Well, no, that's, that's funny that you do say that. I'm, I'm sure obviously in New England, in New England, that win is, is gusty at times, especially this time of year, actually from this time of year all the way up until up until January. Right. It's, it's going be windy. So what does a kicker need to do? What does he need to do in adjustments that he needs to make as a, as a kicker? Myself, you do know I can't kick.


So I, I can, I can make a a, a testament to This rocks with a bull drive. That's what you can kick, kick Rock. I want you to go outside tomorrow. When you go outside to get in your car, I want you to take your shoe off. And the first rock you see, I want you to kick it with your big toe. Why you are you really? So you don't know nothing about my resume? You don't know I was back. You, so, you know, I was the backup kicker for Cincinnati, for the pa for 11 years. Right. You do know that, right? You, if I ever got hurt, I would back up. Good thing he never got hurt. So I didn't. So you don't act like you ain't seen me kick a field goal in the game and kick off when he pulled his groin. I could kick off. Who can't kick off? Everybody kicked off in high school. Let me, let me, let me state this one more time.


So you've never seen me kick in a game to make And. we And we won the game based on one of the field goals. I kick one of the extra points. No, no, you didn't see that. No, No, no. I saw that in the preseason. Huh? So wait, what? Preseason regular season. What does that matter? It's still in the game. They Did. It's in the game, right? Ocho. It's Really, it. It's in the game. It's game. Are We doing That? But let me, let me tell you what the kick needs to do. What it needs to do is what it needs to do. Understand, understand the win, understand the trajectory and which is coming off that scoreboard because it's gonna always be the same no matter what. When you kicking that way, facing the scoreboard, all you gotta do is adjust your steps, adjust your steps, your alignment, take your finger, do it like this, put in the air, understand where it's coming from, and make the proper adjustments that's necessary.


And always kick away from the wind three to five inches when you kick and it will always veer back to the middle. Boom. Problem solve Over. Joe, why would he take advice from you? Would you take advice from him? If he telling you how to run a dig? Why He tell you how to, why wouldn't he? Okay, go ahead. If he was telling you how to run a speed out or a bang eight, sir, would you take advice from him? I listened to him, but lemme, can I finish? Let me tell you something. Okay. Why wouldn't he take advice from me? Because I'm, I played, I was a kick in NFL and I'm perfect. I'm perfect. I had perfect execution. I was Justin Tucker before I was, I was Justin Tucker before Justin Tucker, My hand.


I was Robbie Gold before Robbie Gold. Lead me on Me on, Let me stand, Let me stand. No, I, I'm tied. Oh, I'll tell you, I'm taking advice from people that did this or coached this for a living. That's, I did It for a living's. Not what? I did it for a living. I did it in a precious situation. And I was clutch. Don't take that away from me. Don't take that precious moment away from me. That meant a lot. That meant a, that meant a lot to me. You drove a call with a clutch, so you had a manual. So you have, you had a manual call. Okay. Okay. So did you grind the clutch or mean, do you know? I mean, listen, you know how to drive a stick. Listen, It might not be important to you, but the fact that my number was called to come out and kick a field goal to win a game, whether it was preseason or not, it could have been in, it could have been Madden.


I don't care. I was clutch and I'm one for one in life.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How's it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis, on the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


But you know, you, you know what it would take to get the NFL players to come together like that. It'd be very difficult because I mean, there are a lot of players, you know, that, that when the off season come, they've already run through really all their money. They, they really run through all their money. And a lot of people in the chat, you really, really don't understand. This is like, they can't wait till it gets in the season for those checks to start rolling in again. And the fact that it doesn't matter that you're getting paid twice as, or three or four or five times more as opposed to when we was playing. If you making more, you spending more, you spending more for sure. Yeah. You spending more, they, it, it don't change. And sometimes it's goddamn almost like living check to check.


Even if you making millions, that shit happens. That's why the percentage of us, when we're done playing within two years, huh? Two years. Once them checks stop rolling in, boy, you ain't got no money left. I mean, how many, how many big, how many Cuban links you need, don't you? Okay. You get your one, you get your, get your little, little bracelet and master your chain. You straight, right? Yeah. Do you need five Cubans? Yeah. Do you need, do you need a house in Miami? One in Houston And plus, you know, you gotta have a, you know, you gotta have one. You know, one you, oh, so you know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I already know got I already know you at I'm I'm with you when you Right. I'm with you when you Right. And they got a G wagon.


Yeah. They got a coloring. They got they, you know what I'm saying? I'm just saying You can only you, you is you can only drive one. You can only drive one. Matter of fact, this is, this is a good scenario and a good case in point. Think about this, Chad, stay with me real quick on this one right here. Think about everybody from Shannon Sharp's era. Now think about all the players from my era. Show me any of the players from my era or Shannon Sharp's era that are still living the same exact lifestyle as if they're playing the game of football. Think about it. Driving all the nice shit, all the big, it's impossible to maintain that lifestyle when checks of that magnitude stop rolling in.


Yeah. There's nothing else in this world where you can, you can make 650,000 a week. No, nothing. It's impossible. You could make 250,000 every Monday, 350,000, every, every, It's nothing. Every it guys making these guys making 3 million a game. Yeah. Huh. And the funny thing about it is, is you make it through me in a game and you think, you know what? It's always gonna be like this. So you're spinning unconsciously, Unc, Unc having fun fashion cars going here, trips, you know, you got a bunch, you got, you got a bunch of chicks. So you know, you tricking off as you tricking off as well. You, if you break your homeboy with you before you, they ain't paying for nothing.


Ojo. Oh, they got entourages. The entourages. That's a lot of miles to feed. Yeah. Ain't nobody paying for nothing. But when you look up, you in year six, when you look up, you are in year eight. Oh God forbid you have an injury. Oh shit. Ojo boy, listen, I tell Unc that shit go fast. Whatever you make, whatever, whatever I make, Yeah. I go and take half of it. I put it in the bank. Oh My. That Uncle Sam. I will Because I pay my, I kept, I pay my taxes quarterly. I got tired of writing three, $4 million checks at the end of the year. I said, nah, you take this, it's quarterly. Because it would hurt. It would hurt my pride to see I like, I gotta pay that much. I'm Like, What the, Yeah.


So what I do is that a, whatever I make, I get a hundred thousand, I get 200,000, I get half a million. Two 50 goal or 100 goal. Yeah. Or 50,000 goal. Right. I set that aside. Now this is what I got towards my expenses because Uncle Sam gotta get, he got exp I gotta pay. I got Uncle Sam. He got a big old house. Yeah. He got a big old house in, in DC the big one. And then he got another building. I think they called it the capital. And then they got the Pentagon And. we got all them beat them stealth bombers and those, you know, them 16 ma Hornets. Oh yeah. I, I gotta pay my part and all that. Right. I understand that. Definitely. Also Ocho, you gotta agent, he'll get two.


He get that. Who taking that three? He gonna Get two, two to 4%. Oh yeah. So Yeah, most definitely. You, you know what's funny? If we had somebody, I think the casual fan, you have to be a player to understand the casual fan. See the numbers at the end of the day and think, oh God, he signed for two 50 or, or 300 or whatever it may be. But when you break down the numbers and actually you get that chopping half with Uncle Sam take, then you factor in your expenses. Then you think about what goes to your agent. Yeah. Then you think about what you got left over. It shrinks. It does significantly, regardless of, regardless of what those numbers said, going across that tick on ES, espn, it's a different ball game.


It's all smoke and mirrors. I'm talking about the real, like what you can touch. But see, Ocho, the best thing that I did, I was, I switched agents. The agent that I have, he represented John. Right. I remember asking John, I said, John, who's your agent? He told me his name, Marvin Dema. I said, you think he'd be interested in representing me? He's like, I don't know, but here's his number. He gave me his number. I called him, Had a meeting with him. He says, I'll meet you at the Pro Bowl. He asked me what did I want in my future. I told him, I said, I wanna live the same lifestyle that I have right now. Yeah. He said, you have any kids? I said, I got three. The how old? I told him how old they were.


He said, do you support anybody outside of your kid? I was like, my mom. I helped my mom out. My mom was still working at the time. I said my grandmother, my sister at the time, my brother had just had just retired. I say, I take all that responsibility. Right? He says, go home, get me all your financials of how much you actually have. Get me everything that you spend and then I'll get back to you in 30 to 45 days. Brought him everything I had. He like, wow. I mean, you don't blow a lot of your money. I don't see boats. I don't see at that time Ocho, I had, you know, had nice cars, but I al al I never, I didn't have a car note, so I had paid them off in cash.


Right, Right. No trips. He says, this is what we're gonna do. He says, we're gonna do this, this, this, and this. He says, I want you. Right. He says, anytime you have a a, a, an appearance, he says, I want you to divide it up and put it in an account for each kid college. So we gonna do that. Every time you go do something, no matter how that's not yours. That's theirs. Okay. Boom. He says, now your contract's gonna come up, you know, Hey, we're gonna talk about this. We'll see what the market it is. He said, this is what we're gonna do. He say the first, you know it's half. Yeah. But I want you to take whatever you get.


Whatever we get, I want you to take a third and say I'm not gonna touch it for 20 years. Years. Mm. Okay. That was three years. We go to Baltimore. Y'all a free agent. Yeah, I'm a free agent, Joe. I'm a thousand. I'm a Thousand. You know, you, you, you know it's coming Seven time pro bowler, four time first team. Yeah. Seven seconded Pro Bowl. I'm on the market. Yeah. Whatever we get Shannon. He said, I want you to take a third and put it away for 20 years. You can't touch it for 20 years. Yes sir. I now, hold on, I want y'all think about it now. 20 years. I'm like, well damn. Yeah. Yeah. What if, what if something unforeseen?


You know, brother, mom, sister, he said, Shannon, I want you to put a third for 20 years. Man, Ocho. You know. So I went earlier this year and I talk, and I was talking to him and he said, I need, you know, gimme your financials. I brought him all the financials. Ocho, you know what he told me? He said, go buy yourself something. I said, but that Wait 20 years and you ain't touch it ain't Touch it ain't touch it.


You Already, I, I already, I I already know what it's looking like. You ain't got to tell me, Man. Please. You ain't Got, you ain't got, tell me Ocho. So that's why, that's why when, when Fox did what they did, OSHA was straight now. Yeah. Now Steven a plus They had, plus they had to do the payoff, the Payout. Hey. But O Steve a came by with his little light bulb. He said, Hey, I heard somebody over here need a little s sister. I, yeah. You know, I a little, you know, little car broke down right side of the road. Said, come on. OOO Triple S. Yeah. So now, so now I'm thinking, okay, I've got the kids and the grandkids.


Right. I'm trying to get my grandson kid and his kid. Right Straight. But there wasn't no fancy, it wasn't no going on No this and no extravagant stuff like that. No. My sister a Shannon get me a, I don't need, no. You know, I, you know what I did Ocho, I, I got my sister. I bought a, she told me she wanted a limited, guess what, you know the Southern, you know, they don't speak correctly. Right, right. I heard Expedition, she said limited edition. Right.


So at that time, the expeditions had just came out. I said, so I told her, I said, Libby, I got your expedition. She said, Shannon, what is that? I said, I wanted a limited edition. She wanted an explorer, but she wanted a limited edition explorer. Limited edition Explorer. I Heard Expedition. So I done went to the, I done went to the dealership and got it. John actually, Elway had a car dealership. I done went to the dealership and got it The wrong thing. I got the wrong thing. She's like, shout, I don't want that. But just so happened the dealership in my hometown, they had one on the lot. Right. So you just traded, you traded It back. Nah, she like, Uhuh. I want it, I want it, I want it. Yeah, I bet you do want, I bet you do want it.


So, but, but that was the, that was the thing. And so, and that Ocho, see I'm just wa it's like I've always been a provider and I understand that I'm the baby of the group and I'm, you know, Yes Sir. But I'm the, I take over, I took over everything because once my brother left, now I got all the responsibility. So that's my thinking. That's why family, I put family above everything. And I don't play about my family. My, so when something, if something's bother my family, it bothers me. Bothers you Because I'm, I'm close like that. And I gave my grandmother on a death bed. I got this. And when I say I got it, You Got it.


Hey my brother, hey, go to bed. Rest easy. You ain't never gotta worry about money. Let me go to bed. Sleep easy. You ain't never gotta worry about money. Hey guys, I wanna say this. My, my sister had the surgery, both of her hips repaired. She's already home. She's walking. She competitive. She just trying to beat me because I was, I was walking unassisted the second time in six days with her pair hip. Right. So she's trying to beat me. She done walked up and down the hall and she all around and everything. My cousin called me and said, I asked her how she was doing. She said, when I got there this morning, Le was already set up. She was already done giving herself a, I said, you see that helpful? That that's good kid just trying to beat me. She make me sick. That's, but that's, that's how am Ocho.


So I, I saved and people are like, well man, you bro, to what I make, to what I spend, the ratio is not even close. It's not even close. Oh, I, my, you know, mine, mine worse than yours, but my mine is, mine is always, it's always been like that. You know, that it's, it's a, it's a discipline that you learn very early. Yeah. Very early. Because we heard it Fargo, Joe, we, we've seen it. Yes. I've seen guys that I've seen played with man in this. They, they, they, they, they down bad man. Listen, I think it might've been my first year. Might've been my first year and I went second round, obviously 30.


I forgot what pick I went, you know, and I, I think my, my, my signing bonus might have been what? Maybe 1 5, 1 2, something like that. Lord, that Oh listen. And you, in Florida, there ain't no state tax. So you got, And you know, you know, you yeah. You know you, I you young, you young now. Yeah. And so I'm, I'm thinking I'm, I'm having fun. I'm having a good old time. I look up off season come, but I done ran through all that. Hey Unc, listen to me. Now I done ran through all that because I wasn't paying attention and I, I hadn't learned to say no. And Chad, listen family, y'all stay with me.


'cause I can tell y'all this and I'm gonna tell you where the discipline come from for me. Because it started earlier. After that first year Unc, the off season that came, we got into the middle of the season. We got about, we got about to maybe April or May, I'll never forget I was with Jerome Stanley at the time. But Unc, I had, I had ran out. What? Mm. You hear me? Lemme take, lemme take my glass off because you know I play a lot. Unc. I had ran out. I ain't had nothing left. So I talked to Mr. Stanley. I say Mr. Stanley may not have messed up. Do no problem. Boom. Dennis North cut Cleveland Brown's wide receiver.


And Chad, if anybody in the chat know Dennis North Cut, I guarantee he'll tell you. Dennis Northcut had to give me 150,000. Might have been year one. Maybe. Maybe. Yeah. It had, it had to be year one. 'cause I a, after that I was on point. Dennis, Dennis Northcutt had to give me 150 grand so I can get through the, so I can get through the season. Get was off season. And when them checks started rolling in, I shot buddy that money back Unc from that point on. Boy you talking about cheap. Yeah man, listen, I became so financially conscious of everything I did. Started going to Cliff's. I got that smart car probably in 2004. I treated myself the things that I got.


Nice. That was all. If it wasn't the commercial money, it wasn't, if it wasn't TV money, you know, all that stuff I had going off the field, I ain't touched no more NFL checks from that point on when I couldn't make it through a goddamn off season. Yeah. Basically Ocho. I mean, so you think about you got one five, you gotta realize I was making 63 my red mill pond. Woo. I was, I made 63,000. My rookie year mill pond, the rent was five. Hold on. First of all, you couldn't do like, you know how you gotta do a a a a rent. You gotta do a rent like, like a year. Right. But I, hold on. See I got, I got the apartment 'cause I couldn't move in boy. And this, this how I had, God was looking out for me.


My apartment wasn't gonna be ready. So I made the team in August. My apartment wasnt gonna be ready until the 1st of October. I ain't got nowhere to stay. Ocho, I ain't got no, 1st of October I got Ocho. I ain't got no Ocho. I ain't got no place to go. Man. Looks like go to the hotel. Hotel probably about 50 bucks a night. Ocho. Everybody know Melvin Bratt you met. Call him Fat Cat male. Fat Cat said Hey, I got him two, I got him the first two weeks Hump. Right. You take him the next 10 days. Bobby Humphrey. Yeah, Ricky that you bring it home. So I slept with, I slept with Fat Cat the first two weeks, then I went to Bobby Humphrey.


They dropped me off. Me. Mel took, because I ain't got, at that time, I ain't had no car just yet. Then I got my car in the process. I'm living with B Hump. Then Hump as a matter of, no I ain't got no car because I'm driving Ricky Deel. Ricky Det let me drive. He had a four by four based out, he let me drive, he let me drive his front runner for five weeks. I'm living with teammates. Yeah. So now, October, November, December, January, February, March. I gotta get six months. I ain't living there. So I'm paying a thousand dollars for a place I ain't even living. Mm.


I gotta go back and finish up my degree. I stay in this place called Royal Oaks. A and anybody in Savannah, you know Royal Oaks Ocho a thousand bucks a month. And I got a furnish it and I got a place to go back to Savannah State. Mm. So I paid for my own tuition. Yes sir. Now had the president had some of these presidents that's, that I've been dealing with, they probably would've say, well come on back. But I had to pay, I paid no problem. It wasn't no problem. Even though I wasn't making money like that, they just Oh, oh sure. You know, NFL people say you been paying professional professionals. This, you make a lot of money. But I wasn't had a cell phone. Now, I don't know if you know this Ocho, but people, if y'all know, back in the nineties they had a Roman charge.


So my phone, oh yeah, my phone was based outta Colorado. I brought the phone back to Georgia. Anytime I power it up, I'm roaming three, $4 a minute. And you know your boy big time at Ocho. You know I miss, man, I been out. What college your boy die. Where you at? Right, right, right. Yeah. I'm on my way. Hey bro. Hey man, what's going on? I called my brother. I said, bro, what's going on? He like, I said, man, your boy money jumped funny. He like, what you mean, man? Don't, don't, don't laugh, don't you? I said, boy, your boy money jumped funny. I said, man, you know.


Yeah. I said, man, I'm, I'm trying to go back to school, you know, finish up my degree. Yes sir. And you know, he said, well the first thing I want you to do is turn that damn phone off. I was like, all right. Right. Get that. Yeah, get that off. Because the bill was like, the bill was like, oh, got that bill like 12 for a sample. Yes. In, in the nineties. Now mind you, I'm still paying 500, 5 10, 5 25 at Mill Pond. I'm still paying. I got 12, I got a thousand, I think it was like 1,029 at Royal Low. And I had to go to rental center because I ain't got no furniture.


So I got rent furniture furnished the whole apartment, like 2 50, 300 a month. And I gotta pay to go back to school. I ain't got no money coming in. Ocho. Yeah. Hey, it's d it is diff Listen, I don't, I don't, I don't think, I don't think people understand, man. I don't think people understand. Obviously the money's a little bit different today, but again, the di if the discipline isn't there. No Unc I learned quick. I learned quick Unc. It took me one year. One year of, well five, I finally made it. I went through it. Holy, I'm back at, I'm back at square one. Yeah. And somebody else that had that been, had been playing, got to send me enough just to survive during the off season.


Oh no. Boo boo. I would never be in, I would never ever, ever, ever be in this situation again. Ever. I Remember like yesterday, man, I tightened, I tightened up real quick. Ocho. Hey Dennis, Dennis, Dennis North Cut. If you see this, I know you gonna see this boy, I appreciate you 'cause it's 'cause of you that got me to get myself together. So never forget It. My going into, going into my, going into my second year. My second year get ready. So now Ocho, I'm a, you know, first two years I made 63,000. I think I made 63 and then 73 got a 10,000 raise. And so by this time we, I got a, I ain't got no contract. Right. Got no contract, Ocho.


Mm. So, but I kept my place year round this time. Right. So I'm playing ain't got no, hey, I ain't got no money coming in. You know, I'm spending, you know, I'm going to Black College beat. We, you know your boy, you know your boy doing that thing. Oh, oh, oh. Freaknik your boy? Yeah. My brother called me. He said, look here and this the fir this is really the only time in all and all my years my brother's ever cursed at me. Yes sir. The only time ever he picked up the phone, he called me.


I said, what's up? You know, I mean, y What's up bro? Hey, what's up? We good? Yeah. You, You, you, you hype. I could, could tell by the tone of his, his voice of his voice. He wasn't in a joking mood. I'm like, what's up, man? Oh yeah. And this is what he said to me, verbatim, I'm not gonna go broke fucking with you. Ooh. Hung the phone up and hung up. That's the only time my brother has ever uttered a curse word at me. The only time. Right, right. Say no more. Yeah, say no more. Because I, I, Hey, what? Listen. Oh, Joe, because I was, I'm thinking, man, this I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, he's like, bro.


And you know, later he explains to, he say, bro, you don't understand an injury here, or something happened there that you not going, it's a wrap. You not going play in the NFL. If, if you were a doctor or a lawyer or had a normal occupation, your career is not going to be as long as theirs. And you needed to understand that. Right? Yeah. But he was the only one. And my sister would've called me, get outta my face. But that was the only time. And from that moment on, well, I ain't have no choice that I started having baby then. You know? Yeah. Oh, you ain't got no choice. That, that, that'll get, that'll get you, that'll get you. Right. The three words that'll get Your order Real quick. Three words. I hate three words to this day, and I ain't heard 'em since.


I love you, Shannon. I'm pregnant. God, God got be more careful, Carol. Okay, let's look at this. Athletic release. Their annual player survey players were asked about their favorite stadium to play in. Ooh, that's a good one. What do you think the, what do you think the number one stadium to play in was The number one? Yes. Mm. This was easy for me. I got it because it was my favorite stadium. Yo, you're number one or everybody else? No, it was there. It was at the, the players, current players anonymously were, were asked The favorite stadium.


Trying to think. I'm trying, maybe I'm thinking of, I'm gonna just go with the two loudest stadiums. I, that wouldn't be a favorite though. I a Arrowhead or, or the 12 man out there in Seattle. Arrowhead was number one. It was ah, that's a good one. That's good. US Bank Stadium, which is Minnesota Stadium. Right. Number two, yet it is loud. But to go there and to see it's a sea of red. Yeah. And they bring that bt OB two, B two bomb over, and it's just like hovering. And it is right there, but you don't hear it until it gets past you. And then it is rumbling. The stadium is actually rumbling and all you see is red. And when the, and the national anthem and the home of the Yeah, I, I remember that.


I remember that. It's a, it's a, it's a, you can feel the wind of all those people saying, jeez. Right. Feel it. And it just gives you goosebump and you know, you got to be on your best behavior. Now, when we played them your favorite, oh yeah. They're mile high. But you have to understand it was different because when I played them in the nineties, they were all the defensive team. Right. They were loaded. They had dt, they had Dale Carter, they had Dale Carter, dt, Neil Smith, James Hasty. They were, they had Deron Cherry, Martin Baylors, they, Dan Oo, Joe Phillips. They were loaded on the defensive side. And you know, they had Barry Ward Christian Corer. So Marty Schottenheimer was the coach. They run the ball.


You know, Marty wasn't gonna do anything crazy. Right. And then turn it over to his defense and the a and you see d they get you backed up DT running the end zone and do this. That's what y'all wanna see. And the fans go crazy. Oh yeah. He said, that's what y'all wanna see. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. They get you backed up Ocho, they get you backed up. It got so loud. They had to change the rules because Dan told us, we went there one time and Dan says, John, if you can't hear, just turn to the official and tell him you can't hear. Mm. Well, Why not go silent count. But that was before the silent. There was no silent count. Okay. Okay. We ended up turn, we at teams ended up going to the silent count, but they, the official would make the crowd, the home crowd quiet down.


So you could hear the snap. And they said, if you didn't quiet down, then start taking time out. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. NFL said, now we can't have that. Yeah. That's the whole purpose of having Home Field advantage. Right, right. Is to have your crowd get to it. So they changed the rule and then everybody started going on a silent count. Okay. Arrowhead was number one. US Bank Stadium. The bikers was number two, the least favorite stadium to play in. Where do you think the players voted? I'm trying to think. I, I, I, I would, I would go, well, obviously the Raiders aren't at the black hole, so they, they, it's nice over there. So the black hole wouldn't be Trying to think least favorite Fan.


I got both of these. Which fan base is really crazy. Maybe the Eagles. Eagles. Eagles. What About the Eagle? Eagles or the Eagles? No, no. Not the Eagles. Eagles. No. The Old Eagles, when I played the Eagles used to play at the Vet. Right. Which was turf. Right. It was concrete with basically a carpet laid on top of it. Ouch. It was terrible. Yes. The players voted. MetLife is where the Jets and the Giants play. Oh, that is a bad stadium. And FedEx and FedEx Field, 'cause remember they just had no cold, they had no hot water. Just last, just last week. So. Right. And the toilets And the toilet's been backing up from what I've heard. That's Crazy. But when I played, I would say Vet the Eagles played the old Astrodome.


They did, they did away with that before you got into the league. Yeah. Cleveland Municipal Stadium was a dump. Yeah. Yeah. It was dumb Ocho. It was bad. It was really, really bad. Yeah. The most annoying fan base. It gotta be Eagle. Oh, I Know you gonna get this. They, they crazy. The Eagles, man. The Eagle Eagle. The Eagles, the Eagles threw snowballs at Santa. You know, you know, they ain't rap too tight. They say say I ain't bring them ish. So they he deserved it. Yeah. Okay. The Eagles were number one. Who's number two? Number two fan base. That's really crazy. Ocho, come on now. It it, it is a good one. Because, I mean, the bills, Nope.


No. Most annoying. Oh, annoying. Oh, okay. Oh, the Cowboys. Thank you. Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Thank you. But, you know, but see, I came along, we didn't really know how knowing a fan base was because there was no social media. So there was nobody on Lion. Oh, y'all, you suck Cowboy Nation and, and Eagles fly, whatever, whatever. The Eagle, Eagles fly. 'cause I think Ravens flock, Eagles fly. There was none of that going on. So we didn't get it until you, until you got there. But every fan base was rabid For me. This is the way I approached De Ocho. I was so secure in my job. I'm gonna tell you.


See, I talked to guys and every guy that backed up me went to the Pro Bowl, Todd Heat, when I was in Baltimore. I left. He went to the Pro Bowl, Dwayne Carswell and Byron Chamberlain, when I left Carswell, went to the Pro Bowl for the Broncos. Chamberlain went to the Pro Bowl for the, the, the Vikings. But we had that relationship. I know they couldn't get my job. Right. I was secure, but I needed them. If something happened to me, I needed them to know damn near, even though they didn't have the physical abilities that I had, I needed them to know the team couldn't miss a beat. How selfish am I going to be to withhold anything that could help them? Because people helped me. I, I remember being in training camp and having a guy tell me the wrong route.


And I said, if I ever got in that situation, I would never do that to a player. Wait, somebody told you the wrong route? Yeah. As a, it's my joke as a joke. No, no, bro. It's cutthroat. We both low round picks. He's trying to make the team. I'm trying to make the team. Oh, okay. Oh, he on that. Oh, he, oh, he on that. Oh. And I said, I just wo, I said, Lord, if I'm fortunate enough to ever make it, I'm going to tell a lot of guys. I see guys coming in the huddle, and I could tell, you can tell when a guy coming in the huddle, he don't know what the hell he gotta do. I said, man, you a, you gotta come back So and so. Yeah, you, You hot now a you hot. Make sure you a, hey, you got this route. But if it's covered too, you gotta release outside and run and run the fade.


So I, you Ocho, you know, when a guy coming there, he don't know what the hell he doing. Yeah. So before and, and, and, and the thing that I like, they were patient with me Ocho. Man, I ain't know nothing. Lemme tell you. I'll tell you the truth story. Ocho, Dan Reeve used to send the plays in. He have replay, you know, I run a play. I'll come back out next play. He send me in with the play. So I'm tired now. I done got tired. You know, when you get tired, Ocho, you know, fatigue will make cows of a song of All. Yeah. So Dan got his hand on my shoulder. He said, tell me the play. I run in the ballgame. I breathe. And John, look at me. John said, what's the play? I said, I forgot Time out.


I did Don, you, I'm sorry. Oh, swear. God, How you forgot to play from the sideline Today, Joe. I forgot. You know, I'm running. I'm John. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I get in the huddle. I'm down, I'm down looking at John. Y'all look at me. Yeah. He's like, T what's the play? I was like, oh shit. I forgot. I did, man. I forgot, man. Yeah. No, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't wanna look over that dad. 'cause I already know he was cursing. He Was, yeah. He was hot. I said, oh man, Man, wasted time out, man. He wasting time out. Les Deco was the first coach that I took that I, that when I made it, I took him and his wife.


Then Brian Peroni came after Les after Wade Phillips staff left. Right. So now I go to the Pro Bowl. I bring bp, his wife Les and his wife Chris. And then I go to Baltimore. I make the Pro Bowl. I take Wade Harmon, my position coach his wife, right. bp, his wife, who's still at the Broncos, Les Deco. Okay. Put 'em up. That's live. Hey, I bring them them out there, fly 'em out, put 'em up at the hotel. And, we go do a dinner. I've just, you know what, I just want people to know. I've never, I've never been naive enough to think that I got to where I am by myself. Right. So I wanted them to know that I appreciate what you had done for me.


Right. Les Steckel was, he's probably probably first to Second Coach Hall, who was my high school coach. He drove the bus from my mom. He coached all my uncles, coached my aunts, and he coached me and my brother. Right. So he's probably, he's my favorite coach. But Les Deco's probably a close second because the relationship that he and I have to this day, he calls me, he calls me every one of my kid's birthday. Les hadn't coached me in 30 years. He calls me every birthday for each of my kids. Now he calls me, sweetheart.


That was him. Sweetheart. He always, every time sweetheart, sweetheart. I just want him to know. I wanted BP to know, I wanted Wayo to know, bro, these pro bowls, these all pros. Y'all help this. Yeah. Invited 'em all. Now some of 'em came, Les came, Les Stle came. I mentioned Les in my speech. BP came. Wayo didn't get to come because he was coaching at the time. Invited 'em all to the hall. All my 'cause I appreciate it. Yeah. I appreciate every, everything that I was, everything that I had of accomplished up until that point. As far as, as far as, you know, sports wise, especially football. Those guys had a large part to do with it.


And I wanted, that was my way of saying thank you. Yeah. I think what, what I did, obviously when I made the Pro Bowls and the, the fact that it was in Hawaii, I think the players today, they will never understand what it's like to make the Pro Bowl. And so what a treat it was to make the Pro Bowl back then. Oh yeah. It was an, it was an actual treat. It was an actual treat and a trip. Yeah. Yeah. Family, obviously. I, I, I took my, I took my, my kids, my family. I took my coach, my coach, who was my trainer during, throughout the all season, because he's responsible for who I was. He's responsible for the confidence. He, he's, he's responsible for the bravado and really making me into the player. I was, I took him all the time. Obviously my grandma and my mom and my homeboys out the hood, my homeboys out the hood, who I grew up with.


I wanted them to have that experience and go, go on that journey with me. So I took them, you know, maybe one or two times. Other than that, it was always, you know, my kids and my grandma and my mama. My, my my my sister. She went the first two times. My brother made it in 89 and 90, and she was done. She didn't wanna go anymore. Yeah. She was like, it's too far to fly. She was excited. She'd be excited for two days. And then she's just basically in a room ready To go home. Yeah. Ready, ready to go home. So she's worried about, she's worried about my grandmother because we gotta have one of my aunts to come in and sit with my grandmother. And you gotta realize, okay, California to Georgia, the three hour time difference. And there's another two hours, so it's five hours. So you thinking one thing and Granny is already in the bed.


And so by time and by the time you want to call us in the morning, you, you going to bed. And Granny is just getting up. So getting up after that point. So I never got a chance to bring 'em. My mom didn't really, didn't really care to go. Right. So that was, that was, it was just basically me and my, me and my coaches. I, I would take the coaches and, you know, a couple of times had a couple of teammates, which was, which were cool. And then in 2001, one of my last year in, in, in Baltimore to have Ray and Woody to go, that was fun. But it was always fun to get an opportunity to, to see the guys that you compete against and Right, right. Sit around and eat burgers and, and, and, you know, order the My ties and the blue Hawaiians and the drs and, and tell the stories.


And you get an opportunity to see Coach Belichick. You see a Peyton Manning let their hair down. Now all of a sudden it's no more coach speak. Now all of a sudden it's just like they're having a great time. Hey, sharper, you want something A but a charge A and now we trying to a man, what's your room number? Oh, I'm such and such. Oh, now you got it. Oh yeah. You messed up. You never give Nobody your room number. Never give you charge. Gonna be by, because I'm charging every a charge. The room 6 0 9. 6 0 9. Damn. What you want? You want burger fries? You want a drink? Yeah. Your wife, your kids need anything. Oh yeah, we get you. Yeah, I remember that. I remember them days. Oh, oh Man. Oh, they got your boy, they got your boy.


They got You. They got me. Yeah. Nah, What you call em? You know, I went over there back then, you know, it was third, the buffalo was heavy. Thurman Thomas, Bruce, Bruce, Bruce Biscuit, Cornelius Bennett, Jim, the Jim Kelly with Jim Kelly. I I'm like, Jim, you not a rookie. Jim Biden, everybody. Jim Kelly is the great, he might have been the greatest Provo teammate. 'cause he there for everything. I don't know what he was with the quarterback, but they just benevolent and they just Right, right. You wanna drink, bro. I don't even drink, but, okay. Okay. So, so you don't, so you don't feel like you, you a I'm turning you down. Sure.


I'll take one. Right. But it, it, it, it, it, it's, it is great. And that's the best part about it. That's the thing that, you know, going to the Pro Bowl meeting, the guys get an opportunity to sit around and talk and meet their family. Oh, this is my mom, this is my dad. And take the pictures with their brothers and sisters. And that, that was a, that was a great experience for me. Seeing people outta that element. Yeah. Yeah. Outta that Football element. Yeah. And actually the, I think the first time actually seeing Ray Lewis, well, me and Ray knew each other for years, but seeing Peyton Manning. Yeah. Seeing Peyton Manning being, okay, this is not the same Peyton I saw throughout the season. This isn't the same Peyton that does the interviews. Seeing Peyton Manning be Peyton Manning and not having to be politically correct.


Yes. Yes. Answering questions with a mic in front of his face was one of the most enjoyable moments. Like, oh shit, these dudes are normal. They know. They just, they just like, they just like me, you know, in a sense. Yep. And the fact that they always have to mask it. Once you playing football and once you putting that helmet on, like, ah, that has to be, that has to be draining to actually change like a chameleon and be someone, we just can't be you. I'm thinking, I'm trying to think, I think my last Pro Bowl, I think Tom Brady, Peyton Manning, and Steve McNair rest his soul. Might've been my quarterback. Wait, you was there.


Wait, what Year was there? 2001. Okay. Okay. My last year in Baltimore. Okay. 2001. My, my last year. My last year in, in Baltimore. Oh. I had some great ones. I mean, I played with Marino, Elway, Kelly, Warren Moon. Oh, Joe Montana was my quarterback. One year. Yeah. One year. I think it was Danny, Joe Montana and Moon. I had Elway, Kelly Marino. Oh, I, God dang. Hey, hey you boy. Hey. I went over to try to get me one catch. That's all I wanted to do. Get me one catch, let my grandma see me, catch a pass and Get out the game Outta that thing.


Yeah. Oh. Oh, Ocho. Lemme tell you what happened. One year in 96, my Jacksonville had beat us. So it was nine six. Jacksonville had beat us in the playoffs. And so it was me and Colts on the tight ends. And so Coach, you know it, Ben Coates. Yeah. Now, you know, it's only too tight. Ends And. we running double tight. We running too tight ends. Now we got, we got, I said, bro, why? I said, come on, man. Now mind you, I ain't got no contract. Right. I'm a free agent. Right. Man. I, and I say, I said, look here man, y'all need to stop running this tight, double tight stuff. I'm gonna play the first bingo, play the second I'm gonna take it, the third bend, bring it home.


Right. They kept running double tight. I went and got me two bags of ice and put on my knees. I said, Ben, you got it the rest of the way. I, he said, come on Sharp. Don't do, do I tell, Hey, sharp. Done. Hey, don't play with that money. Huh? I ain't even get my money yet. Don't play. Oh, no. Oh Man. As a matter of fact, Ani ani dawsey to tell you, he pulled his hamstring at the pro bowler. He was never the same. Wait, he was going full speed. Tried to catch somebody on the interception. I think he tried to catch time. Look it up. Jamani Dawson. Yep. Oh man.


But you, but you have to understand Ocho back then, guys would, I mean, you know, back then the winning, the winning prize was 10,000. The losers got 5,000. Right. Right. Right. So by the time you brought everybody over there, that 5,000 was gone. Oh, gone. Hell, that 10,000 was gone. That's gone. That's gone Now. Come, come third, come fourth quarter. Oh, Brucey Cortez saying, oh, They going, they going serious. Oh, They, they coming now. They Going, they come. They, They done been bulling for three quarter, three quarter. Not the money on the line. Yeah. They come That's, that's, that's how, that's how we was. That's how, that's how we was too. We was the same way. Yeah. Oh, it, oh, it was, and you know, in practice, you know, guys, you know, junior tee Time, tee time, Rest your soul.


Junior say, man, I wanna play tight end. Okay. Hey, he playing tight. He playing tight end. I'm playing linebacker. Coach Compton called a practice off because we had all the defensive players wanted to play the position offense wanted to play offense. And he's like, we not getting anything done. He called, Hey, take it in. Okay. Yeah. We booked him outta there. That's, that's all it comes down to. That's all it comes down to. When you finally find that franchise quarterback, all you have to do is bill around him because they, they had the weapons, he had the support and cast. You got the running backs. You got the receiver. His deontay Johnson, and, and got the Attitude is terrible attitude. The attitude is piss poor Ocho.


I mean, you, you, let's, let's, let's think about why they're upset. It doesn't matter. Understand why you just mentioned it. That's, I until you just said, you just said it out yourself. You just said it yourself. Ocho, we've all had Ocho. We've all been in situation where the quarterback was less than ideal. Right. Right. Right. But that's frustrating. So, so, because That's frustrating. I'm, because Here's the thing. I'm sure you got upset too, when your quarterback was listening to, well, you got lucky. Well, shit, you had goddamn John. Anyway. I did. I had, I had You, you, you was fortunate. Everybody wasn't as fortunate as you was when they played. I played 14 years. I had John for nine of those years. Yeah. And also John missed half a season one year. But I understand. But Ocho, here's the thing for me, I always tried to put on a positive because I didn't want the younger guys to think that behavior was acceptable.


Right, right, right. I always, I came to work. I ca now I I, I was a professional at all times. Right. I came to work on time. I went to meeting on time. I practiced hard. I did what I was supposed to because I wanted to show the younger guys, this is what it takes to be successful. You want to have a long career. You wanna win. This is what you need to do. Right. Yeah. I got frustrated, Ocho, yes, I want the ball. Yes. I believe I could help this team out of this funk if I were to get the ball. But I mean, I just wanna know what was pouting and throwing helmets and throwing water coolers. What the hell was that gonna help? That wouldn't make me ball. Yeah. It wasn't get you the ball. But being able to, it's hard for receivers when you get frustrated.


Yeah. And you sometimes your emotions get the best of you. You know, I'm, I'm trying to think, have I ever have gotten like that on the sideline? Yeah. I think maybe once. Yeah. Maybe once. Yeah. Maybe once. Because I, I was one that didn't wanna show up any of my teammates. I didn't wanna show up my foot. Exactly. So, so I was able to control it because I knew the camera was always on me. So I, I kind of, kind of kept it mellow, even though I was frustrated on the inside. Yes. You would tell. But my body language, when things weren't going well or they were allowing another team to dictate whether I can get the ball or not. And that shit really pissed me off. Yeah. That shit really pissed me off. That grind my goddamn testicles when they allowed another team to dictate whether I can get off or not. That bothered me. We did not game plan and have meetings for hours and hours and hours of practice and watch hours and hours of film to come out here on a Sunday and tell them, well, if you play this defense, we can't get the ball at 85.


That don't sit right with me. That just don't sit right with me. Because if if that's the case, then I ain't need the goddamn practice. If you gonna let them do me like that. That's just my mindset and the way I thought. You know? But I mean, that's neither here nor there. But I just, and, and the thing is, like, I, I, I'm a big believer in that showing up the quarterback also. Yeah. And that never, Never, that ne never that, never that, That, see that was the, the, the relationship that I had with John, I was never gonna show him up. All I asked him, look, gimme an opportunity to protect myself. 'cause I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do my best to come down with it or it's gonna be incomplete. And I'm never, I'm never, I'm never gonna give up on a plate. And so he did. He didn't like, if he missed you, you like, Oh, matter of fact, yo, I did that once the Carson, we were playing, we were playing the Steelers.


He overshot a ball. He overshot it or I, it, it was, it was outta reach and I was wide open and I took my chin strap and I snapped that bitch soon, as soon as the, soon as the ball, you know, it, it was, it was outta reach, man. I walked back, walked back to the huddle. That nigga Carson said, man, if you ever motherfucking do some shit like that again, I won't throw your ass the ball the rest of the game. That's what a a, that always say a you you like, you like, you like listen, you like catching football. No, I like, yo, he said, you won't get no more. Listen, I ain't never seen na snap on me like that One time I never forget we was playing the Steelers. And the fact that when we're playing the Steelers, the balls and opportunities I'm gonna get are already slim to none because they, when I come out the huddle, they are making the defensive play call based on where I line up.


So I already know the two or three balls or four balls I might get. I got to make the most Dude I got. Yeah. You gotta make the most of them. And when he missed that one, man, I snapped my motherfucking chin strap walking back to the huddle. And man, he came into my face mask and said, man, if you ever motherfucking showed me up like that again, you'll never catch a motherfucking ball again. I ain't even say, I ain't even, I ain't even say nothing because God, it was, it was a primetime game. It was the primetime game. Yeah. Oh yeah. Damn. I'll never forget it. I, I hope, I hope when we edit, I hope somebody could find that clip. Yeah. Somebody gotta find that. Oh yeah. Be a good reference. Yeah. John, John didn't play that. And so I always made sure I was like, Hey bro, don't do that.


Don't do that. That that ain't, that ain't what we, that ain't what we do. Right. So, yeah. I lost Myself. I lost myself though. That one time I lost myself that one time. But see, that's, that's, that's the thing though, Ocho is that I didn't show him up and when I dropped the pass or I did something right. Hey, showed up. We talked about that on side show up. Yeah. We talked about it. The sideline or we talked about that in the meeting room. He's like, Hey, I need you a little deeper on this one right here. Right, right. I need you block, you know, so forth and so on. We had a conversation because I know he didn't like me to show him up, but he knows that you hey, all that yelling and cursing Who walked by the talking like, yo, who walked by you talking to like that?


I know that. Why you ain't talking to me like, man, please. So listen, we had a, we had a great relationship, we had a great understanding of the things that, how we talk, how we communicated with each other, right. To get each other's point across. The Volume


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, you Wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What Happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I Am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and Church Koala. You got straightway. He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.