
This is an iHeart podcast. Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches and low or moderate income census tracts. Also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled in one of the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often.


They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself. Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today. Hey, when's the last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? Because we have all of the hi music, but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show.


I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI love This station. You talk about real stuff And Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all given a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa. What snap I? Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey, music station hot 99 5. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Another episode of the Humble Bag.


I'm your girl. Ashley Nicole. And I am Alexis Wehmeyer. And we are the Humble Baddies. Humble Baddies. Happy Wednesday Ash. Happy Wednesday la Welcome Day, hump day. Just I'm taking care of business. I had a me date, A solo date yesterday. Okay. Went to, took care of all kinds of stuff first and then went and just went to the beach, got service on the beach and just had wine and lunch and then the day, yeah, I ended with the spot, like good 90 minute massage.


Oh, it was just wonderful. It was something I needed for myself. And I feel so rejuvenated and better and I do this from time to time, but it, my body was saying, Lex, you need to take a time out and relax. I feel like from chefing it up on the weekends and staying in those long hours, it's turned into my, You know, I'm starting to have back issues and so like I'm learning how to, having back issues, but it's from standing, it's it's knife work. It's just moving around. It's constant movement. So my body's adjusting to the new change and so I'm fine with it. So now I know how to adjust myself, my posture and take care of my body drinking water as well as getting these massages.


I need them. So, so you doing this internship, this is no joke. Like you really in there chopping it up, like shing it up like, y'all gotta come see me this weekend. I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come, I'm out of town, out of town last weekend. I'm out of town this weekend. I'm out of town next weekend, but I'm coming. I'm coming. I just gotta figure out when I'm coming. But I definitely wanna come support you. I already, I've already had your food, so I already, You know, that's my friend. Well the good thing is this is technically my food, but not really my food. You know what I'm saying? Because it's the restaurants, but I get it.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it's a good thing to come, come out and support you up here and I can't wait. Like, just to see you in your element, see you doing your thing. I mean, I know you've been working so hard. I will run into you at Soho house, working on your homework and your tests and I'll call you and I will see you, You know, in the kitchen doing your assignments. So I know how hard you work on, on this and I, you're almost at the end. So at the end. So I can't wait. I can't wait to come and support. I'm excited. I'm excited. Thank you so much. And we missed you on Monday. Yeah, bro. You know, it's hard out here.


The summertime, You know, getting tricky with the traveling, but this weekend wasn't about me, it was all about my husband. They have a, an alumni program for the Raiders. He played for the Raiders actually only for one year out of his career. He played for 10 years, but he played for the Raiders for one year. And what's I love about the Raiders organization and they really take care of their alumni. That's dope. And I can't say that for any other organization. And You know, he played on four teams, so I know that's, I can't account for all the organizations, but I haven't heard of any other team taking care of their, not just their players, they're current players, but they're alumni the way that the Raiders organization does.


So they fly the alumni, if you play it for one game child, you what's a writer? All writer. They flag you and your caregiver. So if that's your wife, if that's your mom, your bestie, your cousin, them, whoever, they, they bring you out and they have a whole wellness weekend and they check you from the ruda to the tutor. If you need a mental health therapist, they'll set you up with somebody. I had a, a ultrasound on my heart. Oh wow. They're doing mammograms, they're doing hearing tests, they're doing that.


You need to make sure that You know, you're being checked out because You know, somebody got, they don't wanna go to the doctor. Right. Even though they, they have all these benefits and stuff, You know, provided for them men can be, You know, stubborn and not make the appointment. So I just love that they bring all of that to the facility and You know, they offer everything they need right then and there to get it done. And then it's just nice to, for the alumni to feel wanted because You know, the NF NFL's like, it, it stands for not for long. So chunk crime is done and them lights is all those lights are off.


So it's just a beautiful thing to see how they care for the alumni. And I mean, when I say there are legends there, there are players who played in the seventies, You know, it's all age groups and just to see them supported and loved on and educated. 'cause they bring, they have a expo, they bring people to teach them about, You know, not just their bodies but what's, how to deal with things. You know, it's just, it's just a beautiful weekend to come together and to support them in that way. So shout out to the Raiders organization. The Raiders for real. I like that. That's actually dope. Is this an annual thing? They do, it's an annual thing.


They do And, and then they also have an alumni weekend. So in August they bring everybody back out and it's more of just like a fun weekend where they, You know, set up different events and the guys can just hang out and You know, you can bring your loved one with you. And I do wanna say the ladies have a presence there. They do have, for the women ladies playbook. I know you, you met a a toy at, she was there. The off the field NFL wi was there. So You know, our presence is there, there we have a place there. We are supported, we are there to give support. So it's just all in all a beautiful, beautiful thing that they have going on.


And I hope the other teams pick up on it because all the players need it. That's amazing. You, you call it a caretaker that can, was able to reap the benefits too because that is so necessary. Whatever your spouse or someone like mother, whoever needs this, this, this, that weekend or You know, those few days, that's crucial too. So I think that's great that they're involving, You know, whomever that person chooses to be there with him and get some some treatment as well because it does take a village and You know, forget about Yeah. You Think you take care of, You know. Right. You're right. So I think it's important and it's beautiful.


You know, what they have going on, like to really think about every little thing like that is just amazing. They really do a great job. Great job with that. So that's what what I was doing this weekend, it was all about the Raiders and the alumni and I love it. Like I had a great time. I can't wait to go back in August where their alum, we go to a game and we just get to hang out and have a lot of fun. But it's in Vegas. The Raiders are in Vegas now. When we were there when we played for the Reagan Raiders, we were in Oakland. Mm. Big different. Yeah. I now you have Vegas, you get, you get Vegas, you get Vegas. So You know, a little Vegas weekend every now and then.


Cool. You know what I'm saying? I have a little Vegas here and there, but You know, it was just you two no kids, right? No kids girl. Oh, so y'all had a nice little weekend away. Yeah, I love that. Hey, good little. We went to all good restaurant wellness on it was nice. And You know, I was born in Vegas so it's like I don't feel attached to it in any way. You know, my dad was in the military so I was born there because he was stationed at Nellis Air Force Base. But I just, every time I'm been like, oh my God, I can't believe I was born here. Like it's just so weird. Like I don't feel any kind of like connection. I'm very much an Atlanta girl.


That's where I claim Yeah. Little crystal form while we were there at our hotel. So that was really cool. That little piece of Atlanta there. So it was a great weekend girl. It was look great. I love that. I love that. Well I'm glad you all were able to get away. I'm glad that y'all got your health checked out and your mind. Right. And here we are back again. So I love that for y'all. Yes, girl. So speaking Luda, the BET awards was this past, what was that last night or the night before? Last night, I believe. That's crazy. I feel like my days are just wish happened, ed.


But yeah, I filed little to Christmas there and he did the usher. They did a tribute and it was, I mean I thought the awards this year were, were very reminiscent. Is that the word? No, reminiscent of like, that's not the word Then what you thinking, what your, what's the word that you saying where reminds you? Oh, nostalgic. Mm. Okay. That's what I'm having to say. Nostalgic. It's just like reminding me of like a award shows back in the day. 'cause they did like the heart tribute. You know they had a little bow perform.


Yeah. Shows six and Apart. Yeah. They went up. Yeah, I like that. It was nostalgic. That is the word. It was very reminiscent of going back in time period when we were there and we were, yes, the videos. Because now our children are looking at videos, You know, on TikTok watch people. Nah, it's not the same anymore. They're watching streamers, they're watching video games, they're watching other people play video games. It's just, You know, this is what they do. So different now remember when used to 29? Yes. I couldn't wait to turn the TV on. I watch 1 0 6 Park and watch that thing down. The numbers ain't changed in so long. It didn't matter 'cause I needed to watch it all the way down to number one.


And that's how we learned how to dance too low key. You know, we wanted to know what, who was wearing the best sneakers, what the best jewelry was they were into, remember the jerseys, the oversized clothes and the fashion and You know, the newest trends like those, that's how we got our trends was literally tuning into that. And so I liked shout out to the BT war zone 'cause it does bring back, back like that essence of who we are. And we're so much, You know, we are r and b, we're soul, we're rock, we're hip hop, we are gospel, You know, all these all in country, all of these territories pop, You know, rock everything you can imagine and jazz and and all of that.


So we, I just love to see it because it is nostalgic how it does take us back. 'cause I love that they brought out like Kirk Franklin, You know, I feel like I was watching it with Asada, the parts that I did get to see and she's like, who's this? I'm like, oh, this is the education level. You know, because now our kids are going back and singing these songs that have been remixed and You know. Yeah, I know. My parents are like, mm, we've heard that before. Like, You know, maybe somebody remixed a Marvin Gaye vibe or something. But like, I feel like when our generation sample songs, we knew the original too. Like we heard our parents, You know, mostly from our parents though too.


Like yeah, we heard it. These kids, these things, they think they know everything. And that this is song through that that just came out like, baby, no, this done been remixed two or three times. Yeah, yeah. Tiny Bun. It's like, so, but it's like at the, at the other end of it, it's giving artists streaming, You know, again, their songs that were older too. Like I was looking at my daughter's TikTok the other day and she was re she had reposted like this song right now it's Gz and Acon, soul Survivor. And now it's like trending on TikTok. So it's like taking off. She's like, mom, this is a dope song.


I'm like, what? We've been there and done that already, but it's back. So here we are, You know, it's new to them and they're the ones streaming. So it's like low key. It's just like, it's help, it's helpful on so many levels. Right? It's the new way. Yeah. But the BET wars were dope. The person I did see, they did a tribute to Jamie Fox, who is well deserved after the year he's had. And just, I forgot like about his hits. He's a comedian. He, his, his songs as well as, You know, he acts so, I mean he's just a, I was just like, dang, You know, he is so talented and has Oscars so like this guy is is top love.


And I can mention he just came back from that whole health scare. So absolutely. I'm glad he was able to, You know, receive his flowers while he's still here. And that's what I feel they do because we definitely get overlooked. You know what I mean? Yeah. But yeah, that's good to see everybody. That's a good pick. Sometimes with the tribute, I, I feel like they're a little like overdue or like, like they think this is, but You know what, that was a good, a good pick for, for this tribute, for this award. You know? What about the, the fashion, the fashions are always a hot topic at the BET awards there were a lot of risky outfits. Some look like Fashion Nova, some look like, like, You know, I don't know.


They didn't take enough time. They, they didn't pay their stylists. They, they, they coined this year. Some of the people had a lot to say. Somebody said that, what's her name? Young Miami. They said she was given, oh no, the comment was, I guess she don't got them Diddy coins no more because her dress wasn't, You know, hitting. I didn't see young Miami's dress. But that was rude and not nice. True. But it wasn't given her dress was not Mm, I didn't see it. Yeah, I know who I can tell you who did look good though. I thought Kiki Palmer looked phenomenal.


Okay. From, from hair to toe. I also thought Latoya luckett looked really good. Those are the, they said I love that dress on her and her hair, just everything. So I like, I look at the full thing from, I look at the full image from hair all the way down to the toes, You know what I mean? You gotta see the full look. Yeah. I thought they were pretty dope. Tisha Campbell, they, the look, they didn't like her look either. They said she looked like that fish from that one kids movie. But they were also talking about how she recently got a mommy makeover and they were saying that she kind of maybe threw her friends under the bus because she was like, yeah, I told my friends to go get a mommy makeover.


And they didn't. And she named them, I think it was the, I can't remember who she said, but people were just like, why would you tell other people's business like that? Like okay, you got a mommy makeover, you don't need to tell everybody else business. And also they were on her, they were like, you didn't just have babies. So is it a mommy makeover or did you just go get a BBL? Which one is it? She look good. You know, I feel like everyone, especially in Hollywood, has some nip tuck maintenance something. Right. What the beautiful blessing is about it is you, you do what you wanna do to your body on your time at the end of the day. So whether it is a BBL, a snatch waist, some breast implant, some You know, facial, whatever you wanna do for yourself, do it.


I mean it is what it is. You gonna have people who gonna compliment you and you gonna have people who gonna hate on you. It just is what it is. But it's about you at the end of the day what your confidence. Confidence exuding. And it's about them coins too. You know what I mean? Like she, she probably is seeing herself on television. She is the public figure. And I feel like again, people are gonna be like, Ooh, she looking rough. She need to go get nip and tucked. Okay, maybe she wasn't ready for it at the time. Thank you Snap. Because she was putting her friend's business out like, oh I gotta like girls to go to feel the same. And also they were just like, girl, that's not a mommy makeover. Your kids are grown like mom, but I guess mom.


Yeah, no, it's just, you went and got your body there and you gotta be the L or or lipo. Just say that it's okay. Like say that my told was like lo like low key recently, like for example, Kylie Jenner has been more open about her pla plastic surgery. Like exactly she had. And I'm like, does that really make a difference to y'all? Like are y'all really gonna run out and say, oh I've worked the 440 cc just like Kylie Jenner, right? Yeah, they will. That's crazy to me. They will and their, their doctor's gonna be like, hmm, she has a different body. She has a different everything and, and no you can't have it.


We gonna give you what we can give you. That's so interesting. That's exactly the amount of weight that, You know, anything that these celebrities say have on their fans, You know, I, it's scary because what if she was like, You know what, I'm on crack now. Like I do crack on the weekends, so y'all gonna go be crackheads now. You know what I'm saying? It's just like whatever they say goes and it, if you are not teaching, You know, that's why you gotta monitor these, these, these, You know, these handhelds at times because it's harder out here for anyone in general now. Like people are telling you like, You know, I look up and people are getting news off of the gram now of social media and it's far from true.


People have this pop this propaganda, like all that stuff going, propaganda going on. I'm sorry, everything. So politics is now being involved and then this is how you're spending money. It's influencers, it's lifestyle, it's cooking techniques and, and this health scare and this way of accessing this. And now you can click and shop and then it comes right to you. So everything on this handheld device is becoming a source of everything. It's a therapist, it's, it's a, a moon tracker, it's a, it's a grocery counter. It's the everything you can imagine. So it's making people spend money and you spending the most money when you see advertisements.


And at the end of the day, social media is an advertisement. Yeah. Pick what you wanna buy. I just recently bought some Kylie Jr. Lip. See what I'm saying? It could be, it could be her lip. Like that's why do you think she was, became a billionaire was off of the influence of her followers and posts and, and also being in these places and then having like her lip kit, You know, became very popular that she had her lip kit. You know what I mean? And then we're like, wait, but we've been, we've seen your lips pre and now You know what I'm saying post. So we know that's not from these lip kits but most people didn't know that. You know what I mean?


So it works. Yeah. Had that lost and selling dream. Yeah, yeah. But You know, but yeah, You know, shout out to Tisha though. Like, do whatever makes you happy. She look good and I'm sure she seems happy and You know, it's best, it is probably a fuel from a lot of things too. 'cause she's also recently divorced from her husband of however many decades and life partner. So like this is a rejuvenation time. This is when you get your, your snap back and your mind right. And really get your, get your mind, you get yourself together. 'cause she now back out there. So be your best self back out there in the streets.


Yeah. I say for the most part, I think the men looked the best on the BET red carpet this year. I think the men really, they came with it and there were a lot of African designers as well and I just wanted to put that out there. I loved to see that. Yeah. I loved seeing KJ Smith. She accidentally gave out her the the gender of her baby. You know, kj, she plays on that show Sisters. Oh yes, yes. I did see that. I did, I did see that stuff being told everybody. She's having a baby girl.


So congrat to her. I mean it was a whole bunch of like little things that I just love to see that make the BET award seem just a little bit more like in touch, more personable, more, I don't know what we love as, You know, why we tune into BET. I feel like it's getting back to its roots, You know? Yeah. It's making everybody feel more human again. You know? I like that. I like that a lot. Especially it's just, it just a resurgence of how Poplar is becoming. And I I love it for us, You know, I love that I could sit with my daughter and explain to her who Ashanti is. You know what I mean? Like, I'm like, You know, all these people just like, who is this mommy?


But then there was a few, obviously like you Drakes and Kendricks and Party Next Door, Brad here, you got her first. The BET award at this show. Isn't that something? Yeah. Overdue and very much overdue. Yeah. So like here we are because You know, to me that's what really matters the most. Yeah. We talk about the Oscars, we talk about Tonys, we talk about the Emmys, we talk about Billboard awards, all these other ones. But to get it from your people on black entertainment television, You know, ran by for us, You know, all of these things. You know, at the end of the day we gonna take care of our people and we gonna always support us. You know, and it's time that we, we keep giving those accolades out and really putting us in the forefront because we, we definitely get for Forget Forgotten about all the time.


So we have our own platform, You know, they like, if if you don't have it, build it. So here we are having our own platform where you can excel and have awards and be recognized. I think it's awesome. I think it's beautiful. It was a good, good show. Oh, Kevin Hart. Kevin Hart host it. Yes. He's always hilarious. Always. He ly I love Kevin Hart. I think I've seen every single one of his stand up when he's coming to town. Like yeah, he is a good one. Not he's funny to me. Yeah, he is funny. I love that. See and bringing the bridging of the generations too.


They had Drew Ski and Kaa not there. So like Asada perked up when she saw that. She was like, okay, You know, I love it. They have both. They have both. Oh, I saw a clip where Castana ran into Wale like in the hallway or something and he didn't know who he was. And then Wale went up to him and looked like, yo, the people are like stripping. Like, 'cause you didn't know who I was and I not was just sitting there like, okay, but that's like embarrass one. Like if somebody doesn't recognize me, I play that off. Like I'm gonna act like, oh, You know what I mean?


Like, I don't wanna make it a more of a issue to me that's making me more awkward than anything. Yeah, that's so awkward. And he was micd up, so like in kind streaming when he said this, so you can hear, it's just, that was just embarrassing to me. But that's just another, You know, situation of where the two generations are crossing and, but I like the older guys, we gotta stay relevant, You know what I'm saying? So if Pastor and I dunno who you are, it's the problem. Okay. While by night he don't know many words, You know, to step up your cookies a little bits what I'm saying.


I would never address it though. I just would not, I would've walked off like that didn't happen. You know what I'm saying? I would've played it off. But yeah, I don't know. I thought it was a, it was a great, great show from the flip side, so I didn't get to see the whole thing. Okay, so moving on, let's talk about Elon Musk and Donald Trump and their little billionaire beef they've been having. So just Scott Tech roles were too rich to be messy. Elon Musk and Donald Trump decided to square up on social media.


The drama started with jabs about intelligence turned into a full on Twitter war and ended with Elon's tweeting regret like a man who finally read his screen time report. So what started this beef and how did it spiral into a billionaire pettiness? Well, we have two men that are in a power of position because of not just popularity, but also wealth and access. And now when you have two egos and these narcissistic behaviors now joining forces, it's bound to be some conflict at some point because now the diva comes out, the power of authority comes out as well as being bigger.


Yeah, pretty much. And so with all of that being said, very predictable that this was gonna happen to the extent that it's going. You know, it's like, I thought it was interesting how Elon became a part of the Oval Office, You know, meetings and just there. Anyway, so this is not a surprise to me just because everything in this presidency, especially with this president and when he was before last, he's always done things that have been going against our democracy and also laws and rules and regulations that have been put in place for, for before time.


So he's just inventing this a lot as he goes along. So with that being said, the disrespect that came with this, it's like what's done in the dark comes to the light. So this was bound to happen because not only did You know the president give power to this, You know, entrepreneur and scientist, billionaire, let alone gave him that, that confidence of like, you could sit next to me in the Oval Office and now I'm catching phone calls with the head of Germany and the head of Germany. This, You know, China and this and this and this, and You know, it's business involved. You know, it's, You know, an exchange of funds and some, some contracts going on. So with that being said, You know, the fact that he was throwing at them jabs, Elon was on x talking out, You know, You know, he's in them files.


I'd love to see it because, You know, president Trump was 100% saying believe the White House, believe the White House whenever we put out these statements, okay, we gonna believe this. All right? Because you were the one that vouched for this man. You were the one that had him up there when you were getting inaugurated. You were the one that has also put your name and stamp on some contracts with this man. And you put him out there in the forefront and introduced us to him on this level. So, You know what we gonna believe everything we see, all right. And not only that, I'm just, again, I'm not surprised. It's very predictable. It's, this is just how everything has been. And I feel some kind of way, like the fact that I'm just like, hmm, I knew this was gonna just, this is is gonna happen.


You know? I just feel like, let me just sit this one out. You know what I mean? Like, and just observe. I'm not observe this because, You know. Yeah, I think be careful what you ask for. That's it. Yeah. I think they're both, You know, they've always been who they are, You know, so we can't be surprised that now they're be thing and having little petty fight. But it's still so embarrassing. I I feel like every day it's just Trump does something like, it's just so embarrassing that this is the president of the United States. It's been embarrassing the last 160 days.


Whatcha talking about ever since that inauguration when he didn't put his hand on the Bible? It's been embarrassing for the days of, You know, people in power. We didn't hear from them like that. It was their people, their pr, their whoever. This is the president of the United States of America one A with Twitter fingers. Like what are we surprised? He's big Twitter, Twitter fingers. He's been saying you're fired and had these shows and his name everywhere on buildings and how we get here, pop culture president, it's our president. Before he, he was a reality TV star and whatever.


He, this is America. And he, I have Twitter figures. Like, I can't take him serious. How do y'all take him serious? How or how did we get here? You know, Elon like, don't y'all have something else to do? Like, ain't y'all business busy, You know, with some business, don't you? Your business is just the, the most powerful country in the world, the frank world of United States of America, that, that is Elon stop, stop went down so bad. I know people who went out and bought Teslas because why not?


It's cheap now. You know what I'm saying? Like, I mean, I don't know. It's just, it's all a joke. It's all funny. I can't take anything serious anymore with this presidency. I, I saw a meme that said somebody had their passport and a little sticky under on it. As soon as like you open it, it says, I, I apologize in advance, but I don't condone what's going on in our country. Let me in. I'm like that. It was crazy. It's embarrassing. There's whole, it's, they're protesting in LA and other things. Fire team and protesting and being put to the side and sprayed and rubber bullet.


Yes. Horrible. And y'all are, y'all got Twitter fingers. Y'all are really beefing right now. When Okay, that I, I just can't, I can't predictable and deflecting. Yes, but again, when you gotta believe people when they tell you they gonna do something. For sure. All right, let's move on to humble batty fan mail. Yeah. Okay, the wedding. Read that. What is this? That was cute but so was I Want me to read it?


Oh you can read it. Yeah. Wanna read it? Lemme read it. Read it. Sorry. I know you were, I thought you were Alright. The what? Okay. Humble Baddies mail about that time. Dear Humble Baddies, I showed to my cousin's wedding looking fine. Mm. Be face body on display energy unmatched. Halfway through the reception the bride told me I was stealing attention and said I should have dressed more respectfully. Girl, it's giving hater and heels. Now the aunties are calling me petty. Was that wrong for looking too good or was she just mad?


I was glowing harder than her highlight signed the cousin that whispered about but can't sit next to. Okay. So was the bride insecure or does sis low key cross the line? What? What you think? Okay, so I do think there is an etiquette for a wedding. Okay. So I don't Think you should outdo the bride. You know, I Think you should not wear white. I Think you should, You know, follow whatever dress code that they put in the invitation. So I do think there is, You know, a dress code that you should abide by. We should make sure that the bride is the attention, You know, grabber of the event.


Okay? Period. But if it's fine, it's fine. So it don't matter if I show up, You know what I say, I'd be cute wherever I'm at and whatever I'm in and however I show up. So if, You know, if I followed all the rules and the bride fill some kind of way, I think, and if they say something, it might be an insecurity thing because I know if I'm getting married I'm good. My attention is not on anybody else and what they got on and whatever beyond me saying, hello, how you doing? Thank you for coming girl. That's all the energy I'm really have for you. I'm not into like checking out and see if somebody else looked better than me at my wedding.


So if it got to the point where they were addressing other people, the family is addressing people for how they showed up looking great at their wedding, then I think that might be more of an internal problem. You know, I think y'all are putting too much energy into the wrong things. You need to take a better look at, You know, the situation, what's going on, what's important. You know what I mean? Now I did see the other day this video going viral. It was two girls riding in a car and it was the girl driving. It was her birthday and she was crying and she was upset because her friend in the passenger seat, she was like, girl, you look so much better.


It's my birthday. Why would you wear that? You know, you got more body than me. You can't be wearing stuff like that and it's my birthday and I'm not gonna have fun and da da da. Like she was really upset and crying like hysterically because her friend had showed up looking real good on her birthday. And You know, my friend sent it to me and we just kind of had a conversation about it and I was just like, You know, first of all friend was wrong for posting that, You know, reporting her and posting her friend in that very distraught, vulnerable moment. But at the same time for me that would've been the end of our friendship. You know what I mean? So I guess, You know, posting her being hysterical, it don't even matter.


'cause at this point we not gonna be friends no more because Huh? Like how you gonna be mad? Because I showed up in the body that God gave me for, I bought whatever, You know? Like I can't change my body. I'm gonna wear what I wear. You know what I mean? And it's your birthday. You shouldn't be upset with me because of how I look. I don't, I don't know. That's weird to me. And her friend was like really upset. Like she did it to hurt her. So I feel like, You know, situations like this is more there. There's some in internal work that needs to be done if you feel that pressed and insecure to say it because we all have our insecurities.


Like, You know, I'm a human. I've definitely been out with my homegirl and looked at my outfit and being like, oh girl, you listen this ain't it. You not keep tonight. You know what I mean? Like we all have our insecurities, we all have our moments where, You know, we wanna look better or whatever. We all have that. But when you like start acting on it and speaking on it and making it an issue, to me that's where it's a problem. And I think that that's something in internally that you have to work on. But like I said, there are dress code, there are etiquette, there are things that we as the world need to do.


Like girl code. You know what I'm saying? I agree with you as far as the this point of, You know, as a bride, well my first wedding I, there was a dress code and I feel like the whole point is to have a dress code and to have it respected. One, my dress code was very much unconventional. It was wear black or white and or the combination of both. It, it is what it is. That's a normal dress code. Like to tell people like, okay, I'm not at a wedding black usually. Okay, depends the, the, if that's the tire, but you don't usually see black, right? And then you don't see white because the bride has to be white, but, right.


I already had, I had four children already out, so it just, it was not giving white for me, but y'all be great. You know what I'm saying? So at the end of the day, like I had a dress code, but at the same time I was so confident in myself and what my dress was be, You know, what I had going on and my, my changes and things like that where I was focused on me. I know who I invited to this wedding. And the whole point was, I also know that I have some dope friends. You know what I mean? I want y'all to show up and show out because it's giving part, it's a festival, it's a party, it's a celebration. I don't have time.


I wanna make sure everyone's having good, a good time. They're having good food. There's great entertainment. I'm not worried about, the only thing I was worried is about is if you didn't come in the dress code meaning, You know, black or white and we low key, I'm gonna be real with you, I had some backups in the back just in case we had extra suit jackets and we also had dresses, like two dresses that were either, they were in black, so just in case if things were in different sizes. So just in case some things were popping off because respectfully, you gotta adhere to the, to the bride and groom's request. Now I'm not stopping a wedding. I'm not confronting anybody at my wedding unless they did something very foul to me or was not invited something.


Right. But I'm gonna have people handle that. You know? Second of all, I'm not letting that interrupt and really just kind of change my energy either about this person, You know, your girl is fly, You know, your girl got body, You know, you how she dressed. Like it is what it is. You know what I mean? Like, you gotta expect that, you gotta expect her, You know, to be herself and show up now. You know. So, You know, it's, it's really is about the, You know, the bride in the groom in this moment. People do wanna take away from that. But, You know, I'm not letting it, I'm not letting it kind of change up my mental or really my energy at all. 'cause Yeah, she didn't deserve, she doesn't deserve to have that moment now.


She, You know, spotlight even more on this young lady, You know what I mean? The, the guest, You know, I just think it was just kind of petty. But I, 'cause first of all, letting You know, they'd be expensive sometimes you got a, you got a bio outfit, you gotta show up babysitter, you might have to go outta town. Yeah. Guests any kind of way other than like, grateful that they're there, You know, as long as, like you said, they respected like the dress code, You know? And even if they didn't, I still, I just feel like it's tappy to, You know, meet a guest at your own wedding with any kind of negative energy because that takes on your day, You know?


Absolutely. Absolutely. I wanna, You know, bring attention to something that really don't even matter anyway. It's about, about planning about you and your new husband and you. Yeah. So yeah. To the humble, batty writer, share out. No, it's a no. You can't be doing that to your guests. You know, I would say that anybody else who's worried about something like this, you need to be confident in yourself. Always dress in a way that makes you feel confident. Don't try to dress like other people. Because when you do that, it shows you're not as confident. You gotta find your own style.


You gotta find something that compliments yourself, that makes you feel good, that makes you feel comfortable. And no matter what anybody else got on or whoever else is in the room with you, you just gotta worry about yourself. Okay? Don't worry about nobody else. Sometimes somebody else is gonna be look better than you and that's okay. That is okay. And that's when you supposed to be like, damn girl look good. And then she gonna be like, girl, you too. And then that's it. And then that's it. That's the end of it. Well, she asked you this then. Have you been have Ash, have you ever been an accidental main character at somebody else's event?


Ooh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well, it's awkward, it's strange. But also, You know, you can't help it if you're, if you, if that's the energy you get when you walk in the door, You know what I mean? You can't help that. And, but also I think it's a way of going about it once you realize like, okay, it's a different way to, to be, to, to handle that situation. I feel like when you realize like, okay, everybody's excited that this energy is here, You know, I feel like there's a certain way to handle it.


You know what I mean? You have to be a humble batty about the situation. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And it shows if you're, you have to be just be a warm, welcoming person. And I feel like then it radio radiates and it rubs off onto everybody else in the room. And then everybody else feels comfortable. Everybody else feels better. I mean, it is just really how you, that that's really what main character energy is. It's when you can walk in a room and make everybody else feel better, You know? Yeah. That's what I love. Yeah. I love that too. So yeah. That, that could happen. But it's all in how you receive that and how you reciprocate it at the end of the day.


Reciprocate that main, that main character energy that may, that humble bating energy. Okay. Reciprocate it. 'cause it can rub off onto the room. Like good energy, bad energy, all of that rubs off so reciprocated. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. Yeah. Okay. So is that it? Did we answer the question? Yeah, yeah. Question. I mean, was the bribe insecure or did sis low keep crossed the line? Both. Yeah. Yeah. There a limit to how fine you should look at somebody else's big day. You can't, you can't mute your, your energy, your aura or your fineness.


Please don't. Let's not, let's not. And, and, and I feel some kind of way if anybody who's a host said, You know what, Lex, can you tone it down? I'd be like, You know what, I'll tone it off. Yeah. About this. I'm not coming. That's weird. Oh my god. Weird. Think we're older too. I feel like we're older sis. And like, I'm only, I only expect like, Ash, I only expect you to come like ready. Like, I expect you to be tea. Like, I'm like, that's my, that's my girl. She gonna be dressing dope and you expect me to be on part two. 'cause matter of fact, if you're coming any other kind of way, something's wrong. You know, I'm gonna be like, are you okay?


I I want them to be like, damn, that's crew. That crew. Yeah. Who the single on or what's going on? I mean, that's what we want. You can tell those girls who only hang out with like, one girl is a 10 and the rest are like four and a half. We can, we know, we can see that. We read through that, that is the insecure girl right there. Because there was no way that you can be hair done, makeup done outfit, like, and your friends ain't put together because I know my friend now I'm gonna be like, girl, take that off and wear this. Like, You know, I'm gonna give you my heels, my clothes, whatever, to, so we can, You know, match my energy.


You know what I'm saying? Like, because I know if we friends nine times outta 10, you like what I'm wearing, You know what I'm saying? So I already know who your style, we know who you are. I'm at least, You know. So if you see a girl and she's hanging out with her friends and she's like the baddest one by a long like shot, like, then to me that screams like, you're a pick me. You wanna be seen your want, the attention, all of that. Yeah. Yeah. We can see that. And we don't like that. That's not being a humble daddy. No, we don't like that. Letting your hair, your girl go out with her hair messed up or something.


The makeup ain't right. Her lashes f or something, then you burn. Not a good frame. No. Period. So don't be that girl. And that's up here. Okay. People expect you to dim your legs so they can feel bright. I say it's, it's the wrong people. It's never, it's never the, You know, it's never your, your your inner circle. If it's this circle and they, they want you to dim it, You know, going back to what we said then they not, that's not the crew for you. I, I'd rather you tell me I'm slacking. Yeah. Like, girl, You know, tell me I'm slacking. Like, are you off today, Lex? Like, what's on? You know what I mean? Like, how you feeling?


Like, pull me to the side. That's, that's more the energy I need. I think we're also older too. Like, You know what I mean? We don't have time for that. We just happy to see each other and have a break or, You know, ready to, You know, have a good time, have a good meal and whatever. No, that's crazy. You need to get new friends if that's Yeah. That's a weird thing. That's weird. Yeah. Weird. All right, so to close up Humble Baddies episode tonight, who needs to be humble this week? Be, let's wrap this show in a Humble Baddies way by handing out this week's Humble Pie.


Who showed their ass online this week and who needs a reality check? Hmm. I'd say it's bittersweet. To me it was, it's Elon. Okay. He should have Humble Pie, but actually I'm okay that he exposing some things. Okay. So that's the bittersweet Humble Pie. I'm here for it. Humble Pie. Yeah. Oh, that's my calling. Lemme ask her. No, but I'm, I'm doing a podcast.


I got a question for you. I got a question. Who do you, who needs some Humble Pie this week? Yeah. Who's been showing their ass this week and needs some Humble Pie? It's always showing me. See I'm with mama the OG Batty. Yes. Always. I said the same thing. His ass. Oh, he right. Who else? Steven? What's the sports man? I can't stand. Steven, what you doing? Something Okay. About somebody?


Yeah. Okay, now Donald Trump and Stephen A. Smith. Y'all need some Humble Pie from Musk and Elon left. Yeah, because he mad. Don't take my toys and go home. Teddy. Hey childish, childish. Alright, thank. Okay, bye. Well thank you all for joining us and mama making a parrots. I appreciate that Mama. Dr. Roberts. Humble that is today. Yes. Yes. Thank y'all so much for tuning in.


As usual, make sure y'all like and subscribe and comment and follow. I'm Ash three Nicole. When everything except for Snap, I think I'm Ash three underscore Nicole, you can write to us at contact at Humble Baddies dot com and where can they follow you Le on Instagram at Alexis Meyer. Awesome. All right y'all, we'll see you next time. Thank you so much. Have a good night everybody.


This is an iHeart podcast.