
You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to different places for listings, pre-approval and financing. But Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. Everything you need, all under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Rocket on the Dream.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or March manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo. And the hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


Ever notice your dog slowing down and having health issues and wonder what can I do to make 'em better? Well, my friend, add rough greens to your dog's food for 90 days, And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black and venture of Rough Greens here, And I invite you to give your pup the Rough Greens 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coast and increased energy. By day 60, your dog will have a stronger immune system, less shedding, improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, And you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch your dog a free Jumpstart trial bag today. Go to try Rough greens.com. Use promo code, try rough. That's T-R-Y-R-U-F-F. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code. Try rough you discover the shipping. You don't have to change your dog's food to improve your dog's health. Just add a scooper. Rough greens.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. What did Keenan do? Mimic Prayed. What do you do? Mike Tyson wanna beat you up. Pray The Super Bowl Fox. Put that on. Put you guys on and stole the audience. Yeah, but Marlon say you got him in trouble. What you do? I think I did a gerbil joke with Richard Ge. Richard Gear, the Improvised that it was funny. We only lost one or two sponsors. The dad had already got the money. What you, what you mad about? But don't put us on live if you don't want it live.


That's what that was. My thing with SNL is this is supposed to be live And I don't feel no edge. Right? I don't feel this is so, I don't know. It's like methodical. It didn't feel like, oh, there's some danger. You Like, you like being on the edge. I loved being loved being on the edge. Right? You're not there anymore, You Know? Yeah. No, I'm older, wiser.


Hello. It's your favorite on Shannon Sharp here. And I'm a Row Spark sponsor. Women can sense confidence in how sexy they think it is. Therefore, worrying about an erection can affect your swag in the bedroom. Spontaneous sex can be hot and exciting. Men, you can feel like a superhero when you get hard fast. In those situations, Rose Sparks are a two in one prescription treatment for stronger, harder erections. They hit the bloodstream faster because they dissolve under your tongue. And getting hard, faster means more sex after they dissolve. They work in about 15 minutes On average, Rose Sparks connects guides with a medical provider a hundred percent online, so there's no awkward conversation in-person. Providers, if approved treatment shifts directly to your door. If prescribed new sexual health patients get $15 off Road Sparks Reoccurring Plan, connect a provider with ro.co/shesha to find out if prescription row sparks are right for you. That's ro.co/shesha for $15 off your first order. Compounded drugs are permitted to be provided under federal law, but are not FDA approved, and do not undergo FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing reviews. For full safety info, go to road.co/safety info.


Lemme ask you this, as a comedian standup, did you ever want, did, did was your goal always, before I make my other point, was your goal always to do standup and go to television? Because it seemed like there's a natural progression. You look at Richard Pryor, you look at Gene Wilder, you look at a lot of the others, You know Cosby, you look at a lot of standup comedians go that route. Was that your goal? No. I just wanted to be as funny as I could. Okay. Be on stage. And standup became therapy for me. You know, I, I've been able to solve a lot of problems in my life by going on stage. And I just enjoyed, like, talking about my foot. You know, I talked about my brother dying and, You know, just everything.


And I did stand up 'cause I had to. Okay. 'cause You know, you, I've been suicidal. I've been, You know, in very, very dark places. But You know, when you go on stage And you talk about it and people laugh And you go, oh, it's not that bad. What else is messed up in my life? Is that what a, is that what a comedian job is? Is to take real life events and make them funny? Even if it's, even if it's personal events. Like you said you were suicidal. Yeah. You talk about that And you make a joke out of it, or you see things going on in the world, you make it funny And you make people laugh and it forget. And for that, that set 30 minutes, an hour, 90 minute set, they forget about the problems that there might be going On. Yeah.


Your job as a comedian is to live until you almost die. To survive it and then cry. Then put a smile on your face and tell him why. Wow. That's what Richard did. He set the bar. Yes. Wow. Why do you think black men get so much criticism for wearing dresses in movies when whites have won Academy Awards for doing said same thing Because blacks is gay. No, I don't know why. I just think, I just think, You know, you can make anything an issue for me.


It's like, is it funny? Right. Right. To me, Tyler Perry in a dress all day, every day, I'm there. Right. Hell, Dirt. That's funny. I don't care. It's funny. So, You know, if, if, if you do it and it's not funny, then I got a problem with you. Right. Because you went through hair and makeup And you didn't Yeah. For that, for that long period of time. Yeah. And it wasn't funny. Right. White chicks hilarious. Yes. Big Mama House. Hilarious. I don't, I don't, I personally don't have a problem. Right. I don't know. I think we say it because we're crabs in the barrel sometimes And we try to pull people down. But You know, like you said, Dustin Hoffman won an Academy Award.


Robin Williams. Robin Williams won an Academy Award. You know, it's like, I I I, I don't have a problem with it. Are there many, any roles that you auditioned for that you didn't get, that you felt you should have gotten? Or there's a role that you turned down you're like, damn, I probably should have took that one. Every role you audition for, you think you should have got, but not on, You know, every role is not for you if, You know. So I had auditioned, not auditioned. They picked me to be in what that show me the money. What movie was that? Jerry McGuire. Oh, Jerry McGuire. Yeah. Yeah. Had a big meeting in New York.


In in, So you was gonna be Uba Gooding's character. I was supposed, yeah. I was, I was up for that. Yeah. They wanted me, I met with Tom Cruise and, and the, the, the director, what's his name? Cameron. Cameron. Crow. Crow. Yeah. And I think that's his name. And we're walking around Jim Brooks' apartment in New York, And we are doing the scene where he meets him at the mall and he's walking around like this here. And I'm on fire. My brain is just like, I'm improvising and they laughing And I, and me and Tom Cruise, I'm just like, and out of the corner of my eyes, see Tom doing this. You too tall.


Yeah. And I'm, I'm, I'm like, what? Is there something on my head? What am I, yeah. I don't know what's going on. And then afterwards, I didn't get it and Cameron wrote me this beautiful five page letter, and it's explaining to me like how talented he thinks I am and how great and wonderful and, You know, but You know, it was outta his control and it's fine. Right. Because Cooper laid it out. Do I think I would've gotten an Oscar? I don't, I don't know. But I don't, I don't even think for one minute about another man's success. I'm happy for him. Right. It's another brother chalk it up. Right. Another one did something good. But you were supposed to be like Batman forever also, right?


No, that was Marlon, that Marlon Richard Pryor about when did that, because we keep talking about it. And I, if I'm not mistaken, I think Mike Epps was, was like close to doing it and then something happened, right? Well, I was the original one that they picked, and supposedly Richard wanted me to do it, and Martin Scorsese was gonna produce it. And it was, You know, we met about it. They loved it. And, You know, just felt I could really, and then I don't know what happened, but it went from me to Eddie, to Mike, Mike Epps to Marlin to it is just Like, You know, are we gonna get that?


Are we gonna get the, the, the Byop of Richard Pryor? I Hope so. There was a wonderful script written by this playwright in New York. I forgot his name, very bad. Anyway, but he wrote this a amazing script based on Richard Pryor's book, prior Misdemeanors. Right. And it's just great. And then I don't know what the politics are, but it's a, it's a movie that needs to be made. Right. And Because his life is complex. I mean, I don't you, you can't sugarcoat it. It is what it is. His, his life. He lived it. I don't think it's his life. I think it's his ex-wife. Right. Okay. Who wants to make it her story?


Okay. Because I, I read her book A Fallen Angel, which was a good book, but Richard was abusive and she wants it to be more about that. And I met with Jennifer And I was like, look, Richard Pryor is Malcolm X with punchlines. That's how black people see him. Yeah. They would lose their minds if they made this movie about you. It ain't gonna fly you, You are a minuscule part of Richard Pryor Correct. To us. So you do yourself a disservice trying to make it this here, this that you have right now is amazing.


You should go with that. And then I never heard from her again. Wow. Bernie Mac. Bernie Mac was in more money. Who's Bernie? Like, Love Bernie man. One of the funniest guys ever. Oh Man. You know Bernie, Bernie Mack was, I was there doing in Chicago the Miller Light comedy. I guess it was comedy competition. Okay. Yeah. And they were given the winner, like $15,000. And Bernie won that night I was hosting. And Bernie, that was the same night that that Robin Harris died.


Oh, okay. Yeah. Right. And he did a tribute to Robin Harris, and that's how he won. Wow. I'm looking at this. You and the last Boy scout with Halle Berry and Bruce Will, how did, how did, how did that you and Bruce team up and come up with this? Oh, he didn't team him up. I got a call that they wanted to meet me in New York. Okay. And this is funny because I, I, I say, okay, I'm gonna come to New York. He was shooting some movie in New York, I think Howard Hawke or something like that. And they flew me out. The limo driver comes to pick me up at my house and he has a sign to sing Keenan WANs.


I was like, oh, snap man. Ah, okay. And I get in the car, get to the airport, the greeter Keenan Ivory wan, And I think they want Keenan. I get To my hotel, I check in under Keenan, And I get the, and I'm like, all right, I'm gonna just go for this. And I go and I'm, I go to the set and Bruce goes, gotcha. Ha. I was like, oh, you, so I was, I was like, I had a knot in my stomach because I was, You know, you don't want me, but I'm here And I just wanted to meet you. Right. You know, but they wanted me and they put me in the, in the movie. And it was, it was, it was, it was good to do a big action film.


Yes. You know, it's, it's weird when you, You know, when you do sketches, it's like five minutes and then you're done. Right. When you're doing a movie, It's three months. Six months. Yeah. Six months. And you just go, wow, this is Pretty cool. Big ass budget. We having lobster and steak every day for lunch. I'm like, man, this is crazy. How, how, how have you learned? I mean, is it a situation where you've ever been on set and you're doing something And you, and maybe someone in the movie don't get along? How do you suppress that and says, You know what? I'm here to do the movie. Damn you. Damn him. Damn her. Whatever the case may be. I'm doing this and then I'm gonna be out. I don't care if I ever see y'all again. It happens. And You know, you, you would see my family whenever we do something, it's always a party.


Right. And you come on the set of a wind project, it's a part. People hug each other. Yeah. And they laugh and, You know, and it is, all right, quiet. Let's, on the set, we trying to make the, the people behind the camera laugh and, You know, but then you go on another set and it's, and I've been on toxic sets Mm. Where you just go, oh damn, I don't, this don't feel good. Right. This, this, this. Like, this is, this is horrible. You know, And you okay. Being this kind of a asshole And you gonna maintain this for the rest of, for the next three months. Wow. I, I don't, I don't get it. And I, I've worked with people who just like You ready for it to be over, huh?


Yes. Ready to like quit, like, I'm out. Check please. Major Payne, is that your masterpiece? Is that your, is that your Mona Lisa? Is that your I love Major Payne. The funny thing about Major Payne, and, and most of the times with, with my projects, I worry about other people first I think about like, what are the kids, do they, do they know their character? I didn't figure out the character of major pain until the cameras rolled. So I was like, so there was a guy, we had to do like a work with a tech guy went down to Camp Pendleton and Yeah. And this guy named Captain Dale die and Captain Dale die talked like this, but he was always like this, that's how way he talked.


And I was like, that's interesting. But that's too, it's, it'll get, get on your nerves. And then the stunt coordinator was a guy named Billy Washington. And Billy had a over bike. And Billy talked like this. And Billy would he, he, he, he was real mean. He told the guy a stuntman. He was doing blank man. Right. He was on a gurney and the guy was opening up multiple doors laying on the gurney, but he had come up too high. So his head was hitting the doors going through and he was going, ow, ow. And at the end of the take Billy said, you want me to call your mama?


Get Your head back on that table and get the scene done. And the guy was, his head was bleeding. And I was like, this dude is crazy. So I took Billy Washington and Captain Dale die And I came with major pain. 'cause he had a over bite and he talked and looked crazy, You know? So yeah. It was, it was, I think people love it because it's so extreme and to torture kids is fun. Yeah. Right. You know what I mean? And to actually get away with it, You know, where it's funny to them and funny to me. And one of the greatest feelings is to sit and watch it with my grandkids. And they laugh. Right. And you just go, wow.


That's, that's amazing. But Orlando Brown was a star in your movie. He was very, very talented as a kid. But now seemingly going, going viral for all the wrong reasons. Have you, have you Touched him? Huh? He said I touched him. No. He be wild with it. Yeah. Have you reached out to him? Have you talked, have you spoken to him? No. I mean, he's, he's somebody else who, I love Orlando. We had a great time on major pain and You know, there were times, but, You know, sometimes guy gotta talk to you. Right. You know, And I don't know who's around him. I don't know. We don't have that kind of relationship.


Relationship. Okay. You know what I mean? I love him. I want what's best for him. But, You know, he, he need some like, Hey, come here Youngen, let's talk. You know? And I don't feel one, I don't know. I don't have his information. No. The other thing is, Y'all don't have that type of relationship, You know? And I don't, you don't want to get rejected. Right. You know what I mean? You don't know what's, when somebody starts talking crazy, you don't know what they'll do. It's not what he'll say. Mm. Right. Is what he'll do. Right. If I tried to reach out to him, You know what I mean? So I, I just hope You know that, You know, he finds peace. 'cause he definitely is not in a good place right now As being a top comedic, standup being a top actor.


Obviously in the nineties you had it going on. What, what, I mean, did you buy anything lavish? Did you, did you live, I mean, you say you broke your marriage up. So could you use living, you kind of lived file. I had A nice House. Okay. In a gated community. And Michael Jordan moved in next door to shoot Space Jam. Right. But my wife got that in the divorce. You, you go divorce, you go over check, check him out, you talk to him. Yeah. We became like friends. But I, You know, I gave Michael his space. Right. Because you don't go behind a gated community to be bothered. Right. Yes. By the dude next door. So, You know, we, we, we had a, have a friendship and, and it's based in, You know, love and respect.


Right. He's taught me a lot of things about life and how to navigate Fame and all that other stuff. But Yeah. She got the house. She got the house. You want it back? No, I want her happy. No, honestly, because it's, it's, You know, when you say it's over, it's over. Right. And you pay whatever. When you think about, You know, giving up, who Jeff Bezos gave up like 3 billion? No. 40 plus billion? No, that was the other guy who was the no Stocks. Oh. Oh. It was, it was over 40.


But that was just for peace. The price of peace. I like chaos of 40 billion, 40. But he gonna go make up. Yeah. But he got two C He got two 30 now. So he good. Right. But, but, but, but that, that, You know, as a woman, you gotta say somehow would give me $40 billion to get out of their life. Mm. Damn. I'm sure. What you had 40 billion. What's the, what do you think the dumbest purchase you've ever made? Hmm. Drugs. Hmm. Back in the day. Dumb.


But I've never really been an addict. I was just stupid, Hardcore stuff. Coke. I've done pretty much everything, but I always like getting up and going to work. Mm. So I never could get addicted. I didn't have time to get addicted to anything. Right. But now it's just like, you go, well, I'm glad I experienced it and, and I'm, and I'm done. Right. I came out on the other side. I don't need nothing. Nothing. Did it interfere with any time that was, was the drugs ever a a deter a a, a hindrance for anything that you were doing at the time? No. I was doing the drugs to do the things I wanted Do. Yeah. But if it's Like, You know, it is, it is.


I feel bad for people today because it's so dangerous. The drugs they doing could kill you. Yeah. They, I ain't never you, if you told me this could kill you, I wouldn't do it. Right. Because you don't know what you getting. Now. They lacing it with everything. And what do you learned about money? Money you see is money you spend and people always wanna spend your money When they see you. True. True. And, and the thing is, for me, money is not, money is a tool. Right. And I'm grateful to have some tools, You know, and to be able to help people when I can. Yes. But I, right now, I don't need nothing.


I have, I have everything I want in life, You know? And really, that's my peace with God and peace with men. Right. And then, You know, I got my music. I'm, I'm a vinyl freak. I love vinyl music. Oh, so you got a bunch of old 40 fives, huh? No, the albums. I don't have 40 fives. That one. Yeah. I have the al albums. I have some 45. But for disco, I used to dj, I still, I've always dj. Okay. And I've always had two turntables my whole life. Right. Since I was like 13 years old. You, you mentioned, you said money is a, a, a, what did you use? Tool. Tool. Because people look at money in different ways.


Me, I look at money. I like, it's not so much money. I like freedom. Freedom is what money provides. So, You know, And I think there are different things. I mean, 'cause if I could have freedom and still be what I am, be, You know, still not have to worry about anything because that's what, You know, you wanna get to a place. Like we were just talking about the 40 billion. See you get 40 billion, you can say f you I don't care. I don't wanna do nothing. I don't like you. Well you, I've been wanting to say this, this for the longest time. Yeah. But you got, You know, we live in a, in a et extra sketch society where you no longer free. So you can't rely on your money.


Okay. Because you don't know what's gonna be written on the next extra sketch. Right. Right. So you can't, I feel like I can't think about my money. Right. In terms of my freedom. My freedom is, You know what, what God gave me my ability to create, my ability to love, my ability to be disciplined and to take care of myself and those I love. Right. There was a viral clip. You did a standup special And you say you were talking about blacks making millions then and asked if there's still racism in America. And can you believe that video in 1990 we're talking about 35 years ago. It's still viral today.


Well, it's never gonna change. Like, But people, but you do realize, people think that people think what, once a black person get millions, hundreds of millions, that racism has dissipated. Which if you, what, what? Well, Damon, if you made a hundred million dollars, you worth $200 million. How is there racism? Right. Well, what happens is the more money you make, the less black people you see. Right. Money brings you into a new category. You move to a different house in a different neighborhood And you get different friends, your money, people that come around you to help you make the money. Right. Maintain your money and make more money. The complexion changes. Oh. You know what I mean? I like that.


That's what I love about like LeBron, You know, he's got, got His home, he got his, he got mad, but he got Randy and he got rich. Yeah. Yeah. So he kept, he kept that group Yes. Around him. Yeah. But unless you have that group, 'cause like you say, the higher you climb, the less you gonna see. And you're like, okay, well they don't treat me that way. So, so it's, It's gone. And it's divide and conquer. You know, at a certain point they sit you down, You know, You know Beyonce's father, alright, we got her from here. The Jacksons all right Joe, we got it. We got here. You know, you sit back and go, what? You know, Venus and Reno, we got him. You know, but it's, and if you want them to be successful, you have to kind of let it happen.


And then they hit new heights. But you become a liability. You know what I mean? As the parent. Well, where were you those nights? In the rain when we were hitting balls? Yeah. Lemme ask you this. When you are on top of the world And you were, you still are. I mean, you gotta, you live a great, like you say, you live a great life. You don't have any, you don't overly concerned about money. You have a family, you can still feed your family. You got grandkids. But when you were at that apex in the nineties, what was that like? It was a pain in the ass. Really? Yeah. Like being famous is like being a beautiful woman on a period.


Okay. Then you didn't explain it. Nobody, Nobody know the cramps and stuff that you, what's going on feel internal. They see the external beauty and they think you should be happy. And it's like, I'm bleeding. Right. Okay. You wanna know I'm bleeding. So what, what was, we see this external, we see Damon and then everything's like, man, major pain and more money and yada and yada. What was brewing inside that we couldn't see? Club foot. You know, my foot, I'm always in pain. Really? Oh, constant pain. Yeah. It's like a throbbing pain, You know? So, but it's, you get used to it.


They can't do anything for it. They can't give you like medication or shoot it up or something. No, I don't want medication. I, it's a reminder to be grateful. This foot took me a long way. You know, if I didn't have this pain, I wouldn't have this edge. I wouldn't have my perspective on life. I wouldn't have a, that fire in my, on my tongue. Right. So I'm grateful. But people can't see that. Right. People can't see that you are, You know, the internal conflicts you have, You know, with family and friends and people, You know that you tend to lose friends because you loan money and then they don't pay you back.


And then they get mad at you Because you asked for it back. Yeah. But I had, but not Even for asking for it. Just 'cause you look at them, I'm gonna pay you. Man. I'm, I didn't see nothing. Yeah. Yeah. But why, why is it, why is it like that? Why, why? I mean, I, if you come to me and ask me for money, I shouldn't have to go to you to repay it. You should be mad enough. You was mad enough to ask. Here you go. But I've learned name And I don't know if how what you think about this. I'll only lend money that I know I can lose that I'm not getting back. Right. It's a gift. Yeah. That's how I do it. I give, I give it because I already know. 'cause we gonna end up falling out And I don't wanna fall out. I don't want a 10, 15, 20, 30 year relationship to end over money.


So here you go. Yeah. Because I know you're not gonna pay me back. Right. Well that, I mean, that's what, that's maturity. Yeah. Is Like, You know, you just, I don't, I've, I've paid a lot of people out of my life. You mentioned like standup is, is is standup therapeutic for you? Absolutely. Why you stop. I used to have to need. 'cause I don't need it anymore. And you don't need therapy no more. No, no. I'm at peace. I really am. I'm at peace. And You know, the therapy is knowing that I can bow my head and You know, that God is hearing my prayers and, and seeing in my life my prayers answered. And it ain't for material things.


It's for the safety of my family. And You know, for me to have wisdom and to be grateful for everything. It's therapeutic. It is. You don't need to scratch that itch anymore. So now what do you do to replace what you gave up by doing comedy? I write. Okay. I write for sport. I, I drive my son crazy. 'cause every other week I'm sending him a script. Read this. So you think he, dad, I got a life. I have six kids. Come on man. Just read it. When you get a chance, read it. But I, I write because I I I do have a fear of going crazy.


Mm. You know it because You have so much going on in your Head. No. 'cause it run in my family. It, it's like diabetes. You gotta know. You gotta know that it's a possibility. Right. And the thing is, You know, I can't turn my brain off. Mm. I can't not think about these stories and characters that come to mind. So rather than have them up in my head scrambled, I put 'em on paper And I go, Hmm. Man, one day I make mo money off of this or sell it or something. But I had to get it out. Do you sleep? I do. I sleep wonderfully. How you sleep so well. And again, and it's hard for you to turn your mind off When you get 65.


It is easy. You just laid. All I gotta do is see the bed. It is beautiful. Did cancel culture scare you away? Cancel culture made me not really wanna do standup. I had this long conversation with Dave Chappelle. He's like, man, you need, we need you get back out there, man. We need, You know, we need that voice. Come on. And I was like, And I had done it again at his, You know, his him encouraging me to do it. But You know what, what? Today you can't be a shock comic. No. Especially if you're famous.


Right? 'cause Dick Hitch in your pockets. Right? So back in the day, guys like Sam Kenon and Dice Clay and You know, we, that's how I grew up. I grew up with guys that, You know, start trouble. You know, and they say, and, and it's like people, You know, they wanna talk about comedy. You got reporters talking about comedy. You don't know my world. You are not qualified to talk about comedy. If you ain't never bought a joke or told a joke, or sold a joke, or stole a joke, Or wrote a joke Or wrote a joke. You have no business talking about comedy. Okay? You ain't never been paid in burgers. You can't talk about comedy.


So I think a conversation about comedy and what's acceptable should be held amongst comedians. Right?


All your renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear. Now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage, LLC Equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 33.


Ever notice your dog slowing down and having health issues and wonder what can I do to make 'em better? Well, my friend, add rough greens to your dog's food for 90 days. And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black and venture of Rough Greens here. And I invite you to give your pup the Rough Greens 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coasts and increased energy. By day 60, your dog will have a stronger immune system, less shedding improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, And you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch your dog a free jumpstart trial bag today. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code. Try rough. That's T-R-Y-R-U-F-F. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code. Try rough you discover the shipping. You don't have to change your dog's food to improve your dog's health. Just add a scoop of rough greens.


If Dave Chappelle wants to talk to me about my act, I'm, I want to hear it. If Jerry Seinfeld, if Jay Leno guys who've done it. Yeah, I wanna hear what you say. 'cause you are gonna do it in a way to encourage Right. Not to just tell me you can't. I ain't never put on a, a football helmet and got hit by no guy your size and got up and did it again. What can I talk to you about football. Right. Just 'cause I watched some games, right? I could watch a thousand games And I can't tell you what a locker room smell like. You know what I mean? Right. I don't know the camaraderie sitting on that plane flying into bad weather.


I don't, I I I haven't experienced that, so I can't talk to you intelligently about it. Same thing with comedy. It's a conversation for comedians, not reporters, But Chappelle has been one of the few guys that have been able to beat, cancel culture because they can't take, because You know, normally, like you said, they hit you in the purse, but he's like, wait, I just put up a.com And I just go do it. I don't need Hollywood. I don't need to do movies anymore. So you really, you can't really hit me where it hurts me, which is financially, It's, it's, it's also he's a unicorn. Right.


And Dave has ra rode the wave Right. Of, You know, he didn't take any breaks. It's when you take the break and then you try to come back. Okay. Then they, they can hit you and get you because you, You know, he already knows how to talk to them. They're his puppets, You know what I mean? He, they bow to Dave Chappelle. Right. 'cause he is the only real voice out there in terms of holding us down. Right. Holding comedy down. So, You know. Yeah. I mean, but you can't be a shock comedian. You today, you have to have a conversation like, I could do standup again. Right.


But it's like understanding, you can't go on stage. You be able to go, man, I hate my wife. And then Now you say, I hate, And you hear women, You know, and it's like, but if you go on stage And you go, I don't understand women. Right. That's different. Now the guard is down. Help me understand. Understand why women, Like, You know, same Behave the matter in which Yeah. It's a conversation, not a proclamation. Right. Right. So yeah, I could do it, but I like going on stage and say, I hate, I wanna hate stuff. I mean, when verses was out, you like, you'd like to do a verses I was just having a conversation Right. With somebody on the radio and go, have you ever thought about a verses with, And I said Dave Chappelle, because I think Dave Chappelle is Like, You know, like He's the Meyer Heath on top.


Yeah. Who should I said, You know, the, I don't, I don't want to Right. Dog anybody here. Right. But Like, You know, I'm a great comedian. Right. So I want to do, I would do a verse against another great comedian. Right. You know what I mean? That's all I was saying. But they they took it outta context. Context. They took it outta context. Yeah. With Trump being in office, the PC culture, because now people feel very comfortable saying, doing pretty much anything. Are you okay with that? I'd rather know How you feel, what you think, how you Feel. Yeah. You know, I'd rather say, no, you don't have the job or say, no, you got the job.


Right. As opposed to no black person. You, we don't want you to work. Right. Right. So I I think it's, You know, we've lost our way, I think as a society and we're so, You know, I call it the ification of men where you don't, You know, it's like every, everybody is, I don't know, just Soft. Yes. You know, and it's soft about every, Everybody's scared to say how they really feel. Yeah. It's like, what, what, what's wrong with telling 'em the truth? Mm. Say it say the truth.


At least I know where to go or where You know where not to go. Joe Rogan said, you need better friends. You needed somebody to tell you say Damon, get your ass back on stage, man. You too good to be housed up, holed up in a house riding, put th writing and go do a set. I Y y I love Joe Rogan. I've actually stolen a joke from Joe Rogan. You stole a joke. Yeah. But you, You know how people feel about stealing jokes now. No, not, not on, not intent. Not intentionally. So here's what happens with comedians is like, you, this is why I don't watch comics, is because you are, you can't help but have that writer on in your brain go, oh, if he'd have done that.


Right. So the, the school I grew up in, if you watch the comedian do something on stage, and then you, after he comes up, you go, I got the, I got a tag for you. And you give him that joke that you wrote right in your head, because that's his Right. So when I was coming up, there was like, we'd go to this place called Caners, the little dive on, on Fairfax. And after the CU closed down, like two, three o'clock in the morning, Jerry Seinfeld would be at a table and Jay Leno and my brother and Robert Townsend. And we were poor. We were eating french fries, sharing some french fries. That's how broke we were. But what would happen is Jay would come over and go, Hey Kenan, I saw you do this joke.


And I was thinking, and then Kenan would get up and go and tell Jerry. And Jerry would come over and tell Arsenio, You know, and it was like a community. And if another comedian was on stage doing somebody else's act, they would yell up. That's Jeff Rio. Really? In the middle of your act. Yep. I was there the night Joe Rogan was gonna beat up Carlos Mencia. He stole a joke. Yeah. And he told, and, and, and, and Carlos said, Hey, it worked for you. And Joe was Just, I like that. I like that. You So stupid. I can't even hit you because you just really believe that.


I know you, I don't know if you watched the interview, but you've heard it. Kat sat down with me about a year ago. Oh yeah. The world heard it. And people got upset with me, Damon because they said, well, you should have defended this. You should have defended that or you shouldn't have. All I did was ask him a question. Right. I didn't know that there was so much animosity or beef between comedians. I don't think the world knew it. The comedic world knew it. Because you live in that. Like you said, you live in that world. So You know what guys, gals don't get along with each other. When you heard the interview, what, tell me what went through your mind. I laughed Because I, I, because Kat is funny.


Kat is one of the fewest comedians that, in one word, You know who it is, America. As soon as he open his mouth Yeah. Him, Wanda Sykes, Chris Rock. Yep. You know, that means you have a clear and distinctive voice. Right. Right. So when I watch a comedian, I'm watching funny, I'm watching what's going on behind his eyes when he goes, I'm, and he reaches for his drink. And then he starts and he's thinking funny. Right. He's really roasting these guys. Right. People took it, You know, like personal, like he's trying to, he was just having fun. Right. Got that liquor in him, had the fire going behind him.


Yeah. You know? Yeah. He was like feeling stuff. I don't think, I personally don't think it's that. I feel like we're a fraternity and there's enough stuff going on out there for you to be talking about instead of talking about what's going on in here. You know what I mean? Right. Because, You know, I, like I said, I I, I think it's funny, but everybody steals jokes. Right. You know, it's like, it's not stealing the joke. It's once You know it is not yours And you keep doing it, that's the crime. Mm. Because this is, You know, it's, it's funny how it works. The mind just works and it's grabbing stuff.


Especially for, You know, people who don't write jokes. Right. They just go up on stage and talk. Right. Kat Williams talks, You know, the Steve Harvey, You know, that's, you just talk. Right. It's almost like being an mc. And you go, Hey, where you from what you do? And the first thing that comes to mind is what you say. But sometimes you saying the first thing that came to your mind is somebody else's joke. Hmm. Do you have to give, if you steal somebody's joke, do you have to give them credit for it? No. You know, Robin Williams was a notorious thief. I ain't lying. His manager used to walk around with a checkbook and Robin would come off stage and comedian say, Hey, he just took me And you to write him a check.


$75. Damn. Because he knew Robin was all stream of conscious and he would steal mate. He was no comedians would go, I'm not going on 'cause Robin's here. Wow. You know, but it's, it, it happens. Right. But I always look at like comedy like this. If it's not the last joke I'm ever going to tell, I ain't gonna treat it like that. Oh, okay. You ain't take my wife or my kid. It is just a joke. That means I gotta think of something else. Right. You know what I mean? But for people to be all, You know, up in arms about a joke, really, what is the joke?


Did the joke end the war in, in, You know, in the Middle East? Right. Was it that powerful then what? You tripping over The creator from the Jamie Fox show, say he and Jamie, if I'm not mistaken, haven't received a check because he said the networks there, they're still in the red as if they're operating at a loss 25 years later. It's hard for, And I think a lot of people, when they hear that, it's hard for them to believe, especially with the success that the Jamie Fox show enjoyed. Well it was on the network. Yeah. Right. So I made a lot of money off of wife and kids, so I can't, I can't relate to that. Right. It's a different network though. So Jamie and You know, and living color too, You know, I get like residual checks for 39 cents.


I'm like, what? What is that? I'm trying to be funny. Yeah. Right. So yo, that saved the postage for that. Right. So, but, but that's what they send out. Now what happened with these upstart networks? WB was one of them. Fox was one of them. They got these sweetheart deals from SAG and AFTRA where they didn't have to because they were the upstart. Right. But they still, You know, operating as if they just started. Right. And wb, my brothers didn't really make no money off the Waynes Brothers show. So, You know, like I said, I made a lot of money from wife and kids. So that's why you wanna be on major network. Yeah. I still get checks not to rub it in, but I still get checks.


My Wife and Kids. What's your favorite memory? Because I mean, like I said, you would voted one of the greatest TV dads of all time Greatest Moments was the, the bond that I had with Tisha and George and Jennifer and Lil Parker. You know, it was just some of the best times. And You know, everything I do is family. So June Damon Junior was there and my son Michael and my sister, no Kim wasn't there. But like a lot of family, You know, on a day to day. And there's nothing like walking in and seeing, seeing family faces that look like you, You know, and now Is that conscious?


Absolutely. When you do things like that, you're like, I wanna make sure that that, that we are well represented. If I don't, nobody else will. So if you, if you don't make that conscious effort that, You know, you hire a producer who happens to be white because that's who the studio wants because they control them money and they wanna make sure that them money, You know, they, okay, that's cool. And then you tell him the mandate, I need you to hire some black folks. He gonna give you one or two people hair and makeup. And you go, no, that's not enough. I need department heads. I want camera, I want a cameraman. Right. I want, You know, I'm very like adamant about what I want.


Right. And You know, when you walk on And I understand all white sets, 'cause people wanna be, it's about a comfort zone, being comfortable. You wanna be racist and tell those jokes and then you look up And you see the black grip walking around. You just feel uncomfortable. You can't tell, you Can't tell your jokes. Right. Right. Okay. But it's the same way with us. It's like we bring in people and it's a family And you, you're free to Express yourself. Yeah. We wanna talk about eating oxtails. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Lemme but you had Ka Kat was on the set of My Wife and Kids for a few episodes. Oh yeah. Kat Used to open for me. I knew Kat was, You know, did You know, You know Kat was gonna blow up. Absolutely. That's why I brought on My Wife and Kids.


'cause he would open for me. Kat was one of those comedians. Like, I took him to Vegas. He got stand ovation, 20 minute set. Wow. He was powerful. Still powerful. Right. But like, he was like when he was young and he was all over the doing splits and sliding across the stage And you just go, wow, I gotta bring my A game. You Know what I mean? And I think, You know what most comedians, You know, respected about me Right. Is I never told them to not do material. Like, You know, it's customary for the opening act to go, Hey, is there any jokes that you don't want? I said, no, go. Do you Really? Yeah.


I don't, I don't want you to tamp down. I don't Want you to hold down anything D Ray, all of these guys. Nope. Just don't hold it in. Just go back. I just have to be better. Hold on. I'm reading that you have an Oscar worthy film with Kat, your brother, Marlon Terry crew that you won't release. Yeah. Why The myth? Oh, you, It's just, You know what, what happened was I shot this movie called Behind the Smile about this comedian who moves from Cleveland to LA and he meets his idol, who's me and his idol sees potential. He takes him under his wing and then destroys him because he's threatened by him. Mm. To the point where the kid blows his brains out on stage.


It's called Behind the Smile. And Marlin is absolutely brilliant in this movie, but I went to sell it and Netflix was the first place to come to me. This is before. So this movie was in 2000, like four or five. And they came to me And I didn't like the deal, so I just said I'm put in the vault. But that was the like, the only, I mean, we got great reviews And we did a festival up in Aspen and Dave Chappelle was like, oh man, that's my favorite movie. That's why I went to Africa. So, so what, so if they were to come back and offer you more money, would you let it go?


Yeah, I told, yeah. I told Marlin I I don't wanna go shop it, but if he can sell it, sell it, it's fine. It's a great, it's a, he's brilliant. Kat is brilliant. This is Like, You know, I got Kat Williams, George Wallace, what's his name? Bob, he died recently. Bob, Bob Saga. Saget is in it and Jim Belushi and yeah. It's just, it's a great, great cast. You got many, how many movies do you think you have in the vault that you've shot? Or you got scripts? Just That one. But scripts. It's crazy. I, I've, I've got Cabinets of Scripts, TV and film.


'cause I, I have to write, I have to just to, because it gives me piece and it also gives me something to think about that's like, so when I wake up in the morning, I'm thinking about my script. I'm not thinking about what's wrong in the world. Right. Thinking about these characters. You, you, You know, I got a production company. Right. Do you, I'm I'm gonna give you some if you want. I I gave you some. I just wrote it. Yeah, I do. Alright. You might need to look at that. Look at that, that film. Okay. I, I know some people that know some people. Well, let's meet some people Do some Things with some people. Papa's house your new show.


Yes. Brother, sister, granddaughter. I mean, you, you mentioned that like when you do something, hey, it's a family affair. Right. 'cause I'm gonna go to, here's what is wonderful about like, doing my show. So my granddaughter is actually in an episode. She's brilliant. Robert Townsend directed it. It's crazy 'cause Robert Townsend directed me in my first thing. Okay. And then he's directed my granddaughter in her first thing. Wow. Then my sister Kim is a director, writer. Sean is a writer. Damien directed an episode. Michael's in the writer's room, Kim. And You know, it's just like to walk in, it's what it does to me psychologically is I have to check my ego at the door.


Mm. Right. So I walk in And I gotta show them how to do it, how to lead. Right. And so, You know, my son is also an ep, but You know, he's kind of deferring to his dad. Right. But it's also like, my temperament is so that everybody feels at ease. Right. As Damon goes, so goes the show. Right. Right. And Junior also is Like, You know, it's like, no, we gotta be here on time all the time. You know, you're ep you gotta set an example. Right. When you say all your, so people in your family is in the room, how different are you intellectually?


Like when you write, how close, how similar are you? Like, you think like Keenan, do you think like, Marlon, does Kim think like you does Sean, Sean thinks like this. I'm like this, You know, and the, at the end of the day, I have veto power, so I wanna know what you bring to the table. Okay. I want to hear what you think. And that's every writer in the room. Everybody has good ideas. Right. But not every idea is good for this particular episode. Okay. But I want to hear 'em all. Right. Because for the most part, my brain works like this. That's it. Right. And, and either it is or it ain't. Right. Right. Either it's a good episode or a good story or it doesn't work. And my brain, because I write all the time, I can see it just in the pitch.


Okay. Yeah. That'll work. You know. But I I, we, everybody feels good about cre You know, contributing to the, these episodes. You know, I, we haven't seen Sean in a while. 'cause I, I was looking because I, I had never, I had never seen Kim, I, I think I saw you in passing, but to meet you at the NAACP Image awards, obviously Marlon a couple of years, many, many years ago. I met both of them. Is is, is he still writing Sean? It's amazing. Sean. They're working on Scary movie. I don't know what number six, but yeah. So since Marlon is in Papa's house, are you gonna be a scary movie? Probably not. I mean, you perfect with the foot.


You, are you done, are you, are you done with movies? No, it's not done with movies. It's just the, You know, that particular, You know, they be watching scared movies that I don't, that You don't really care for. Yeah. That And I, that, that ain't, And I don't play with demons because I don't want them playing with me. So, Look, I, I, You know what? I've never really had, because normally when I give my family money, money, but when you are working with family, how you negotiate with them because they be trying to, they be trying to upcharge you? No, well, family gets what they deserve. Okay. You know, they have fair market value, Kim and Sean, and, You know, it is the younger ones that come along. You go, you gotta earn it. Right. You know, so my son, he's a staff writer and he's earned it.


Okay. He's, he got three scripts in this season. Wow. You know, so you get paid for scripts too. Okay. You can't cheat the process. Right. You know, because then you, You don't wanna see the bad president do you? Because what if they're not working for you? Ain't nobody else going to be giving them money just because you was like, I want you to earn it. I want you to earn this. I'm not gonna give you what you deserve. I'm gonna give you what you earn. And once you earn it, that means you deserve it and I'm gonna pay you according. Well, the thing is, like they, it's the, the, the, the industry has a a set for what you get at each level. Okay. So there it is not on me. It's okay. You know, and they can't cheat him even if they wanted to. Wanted to. Okay.


Right. Right. So like next year you put in work and there's a bump for it And you get a different credit. Right. You know what I mean? So it's like, but I don't feel that I should go in and make them, make him a co-producer. Right. Okay. I probably could. Right. But that's, that's a disservice to him because now all the other people in the room looking at him like this, Bro, you ain't, that's not what you earned. Right, Right. So like my granddaughter is in an episode coming up and she had to audition. You make up an audition. She wanted to audition. Oh, okay. So she's a So Amara, she is a, a standin.


Right? And I told her, so she's doing standin for Essence. And I told her, I said, baby, this is an opportunity. When you are doing these lines, do 'em as if you are playing that role. Okay? So go home And I want you off page. After the second day, you don't have a script. You memorized it. Learn to hit your mark. Say it with enthusiasm. Say it like you replace essence. You're not, but if you act like that, you get in your reps. Now, when it's time to go, you Ready To go. You, you're confident. So she walked into that audition, killed it, and there was probably 20 other women. So I said to the casting, I said, listen, who do you think was better than her?


Nobody. And she got the part. Wow. Nepotism, talking to Mar Lamar said, man, look here. What good is it? If I can be in this position, if I can't put my family on, what the hell am I doing? You know the thing about nepotism sometimes, You know, You know, Keenan said this one time to the family, he goes to you talking to the next generation. You guys were born on the road to success. Why do you keep making detours? Ooh, I like that one. It's like, just show up. And they talk about we don't wanna do Wayne's project. What, What?


We can't keep doing Wayne's brothers. What? So go. All right. You go and see how many other projects you get, build your resume off of funny stuff. That's what You know is gonna happen. If you do a Wayne's project, it's going to be funny. There's levels to how funny it'll be. Right? But for the most part, you can say you did some comedy right. That you could put on your resume. You go do one or two lines in somebody else's stuff, you ain't gonna get off. 'cause they don't care about you. Right? You, I've always asked, I wanted to ask this my mom, because people ask why? 'cause I looked just like my dad. My mom, they asked my mom, why didn't I name me a junior?


And my mom says that wasn't gonna happen. LeBron says he kinda hate naming his son LeBron James Jr. Because of if you are someone Yep. The natural comparison you are, you have a junior And you and people automatically think you funny like your dad. Can you write like your dad? Right? King Griffey Jr. Deon Sanders, Jr. LeBron James Jr. What made you, did you think, did you factor that in? Like, well, no, I just wanna name him Junior. I didn't think he was gonna be in show biz. I thought he, he wanted to be an animator. Okay. Right. So I never, Like, You know, when you name him, you just, I got my son. Right.


You know what I mean? I want him to be named at to me. Yeah. I ain't thinking about, I didn't even know what I was gonna do back then. Right. You know what I mean? So, You know, he, he has jokes about being a junior. He says it's the most arrogant thing you could do Just to Name somebody after you. Like, I'm so wonderful. Look, I'm gonna make another me. And, but he was able to navigate, You know, a very tough road because at the height of my Fame, he started doing standup. Mm. And You know, 'cause I wasn't giving him money. You had a baby, you better, I can teach you the family business. You know. So I took him on the road and he would, he changed his name to something, Kyle Green.


And he'd go up on stage and half his Act Day Young, that Damon Son. So he just had to own Damon. Wayne Jr. Right. You know, but because he, he wasn't able to concentrate on stage because he kept hearing people You know, know, say you look just like your daddy, right? Oh yeah. You spit him out. He spit you out. Right. And it's just like, just say it, address it, and then keep it moving. Right Now. Be funny.


All your renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear. Now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash, it's gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage, LLC equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Ever notice your dog slowing down and having health issues and wonder what can I do to make 'em better? Well, my friend, add rough green to your dog's food for 90 days And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings naturopath, Dr. Dennis Black and venture of Rough Greens here. And I invite you to give your pup the Rough Greens 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coast and increased energy. By day 60, your dog will have a stronger immune system, less shedding improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, And you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch your dog a free jumpstart trial bag today. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code, try rough. That's T-R-Y-R-U-F-F. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code. Try rough. You just cover the shipping. You don't have to change your dog's food to improve your dog's health. Just add a scoop of rough greens.


The situation we saw a couple of weeks ago, Michael Jordan's son run into a, some issues, they had some, some some drug issues and things like that. I don't know if your your kids have ever been, I gave 'em the drug. How would you handle that situation if one of your one of your kids got into a similar situation? Here was my, by my family we a comedian. Right? Oh, so you don't wanna write us some new material? I kid you not. I got a phone call this morning from some dude who said he's a hacker. A hacker, and that he has some explicit images from some young, I think he said boys on one of my family's phone that he hacked into.


And I said, listen, we're comedians tell me who, 'cause I wanna write some, I hope Mitch Keenan. I hope Mitch Keenan. I need to know who the pert in the family is. And I said, you can't. And he was like, you think it's funny? I said, yeah, it's funny and go ahead and release it. It's funny. And that's how my family would deal with it. Am I lying, Heather? No, we're not. Yeah. Raising kids in a privileged situation because that's not how you grew up. And the thing is, we always, well, I want my kids to have so much more and sometimes we do a disservice to our kids because we give them more and they don't and they're not always appreciative because tough times create tough men.


Yes. Tough men create easy times. That's true. Kids that come from hard, easy times create hard times all over again. Right. So how were you able raised having what you have kids grew up with 50 times more than what you had. How did you get your kids to say, You know what my daddy has, but that ain't me. I'm gonna go get my own. You got starving out. You guys throw 'em out. You give 'em bare minimum. If you happy with $700 a week, okay, that's, that's gonna be your life. See how good that $700 I'm gonna keep you off the pole.


You know, I'm gonna keep you off the crack. Right. Because you can't afford it. Right. You know. So now, and with that comes opportunities Mm. To make and to I can give you a job. I can't give you a career. Wow. And that the thing about having like the next generation, they don't have that had a, You know, and that's what it take to, to really hit that next level that Yes. You know, I have that 'cause I miss meals. My kids never missed meals, Missed a meal. So they got and and and they wasn't eating. Yeah. You know, pig knuckles and everything like that. They eating steak. They eating lobster.


They eating. Yeah. Crab legs. They eating. They have snack. A snack. A-A-A-A-A, what do you call that? A pantry. Pantry with snacks. Look, ah, chips. Yeah. Yeah. We, I ain't had none of that. No. We had now later that you kept in your pocket and if you wanted to eat one, you had to sneak it out yo Head. I slide it up your arm here and because if, if my brothers find out, they gonna take it from you. Yeah. You know what I mean? Now that you a grandparent And a greatgrandfather and Great, great-grandfather too. Damn. I didn't know that.


We didn't know that. Yeah. It's beautiful. What, what's, what's the, because a lot of times, And I, I'm, I'm a granddad. Not two times my son just had welcomed a, a, a, a a daughter about three weeks ago. Congrats. And when I heard people say my grandmother And I, and I'm living testament to this, I believe my grandmother loved her three grands more than she loved her own nine. Yeah. I love my grandkids more than my kids. And I'm gonna tell you why. Because the, it's a different love. Right? So your kids, all your hopes and dreams is in your kids. Right. When they say something smart to someone, it's a reflection on you. Right. You don't talk to Mr.


Jones like that. Right. You go, apologize my granddaughter go, he's fat. Yeah. Go tell them. It's funny, You know, because I I it's a different kind of parenting, You know? So I frustrate my kids because they want me to. I said, listen, it's on a need to know my kids, the grandkids, the relationship I have with them. They could tell me anything. They tell me the stuff they too afraid to tell you. Right. And I'm gonna give them the best advice possible because part of my title is parent. Right, right, right. So, but if I feel you really need to know something, I'm gonna tell you and I'm gonna tell them that I'm gonna tell you.


Right. But right now they saying stuff you don't need to know. Yeah. But they, because they feel comfortable right around me. And I feel, my granddaughter told me yesterday, she said, pop, I'm gonna come to you for advice from now on because we talk about stuff. Right. That they feel like they can't really tell their parents. Lemme ask you, who are some of the people that, had they been around when you guys were d doing in living color that you would've loved to do a sketch about? Hmm. Kanye. Y'all killed Kanye. What? Kanye. I, yeah, but You know what, I love Kanye. You know, and people are mad at him. You know what he's doing is wild. But You know, when you see a homeless person in the street and they're talking to they self, you can't be mad at them.


Something wrong, they sick. Right. Kanye something wrong with 'em, You know, and, and people, you, you, I don't listen to the homeless man yelling stuff and think, oh, he mean that. Right. He don't mean that. It's just coming out. Right. Right. So somebody needs to Grab him. Somebody, You know, that's, you need an uncle. Right. Grab him. Hey, come here, boy, lemme talk to you. You don't say that. You don't do that. Somebody who he loves and respects. Right. Does he have that in his life? I don't know. Right. But I love Kanye. He's a musical genius. You were married for 15 years. What did you learn about marriage? What do you learn about yourself during Marriage? I was married 19 years. 19. Damn. Yeah. I ed you four.


My bad. I'm gonna add it back on. It's, It is cheaper to keep her. That's What I learned. Or cheaper to kill her, Keep her, keep her, keep her. We gonna kill. But, But You know, marriage is is not just the moment. Right. You have to get through moments. You know, it's, it's tough. Like, so, You know, I was trying to tell my sons Like, You know, you wanna get married because brands want to know. If you think about Bill Gates and jobs and, You know, all these guys, Bezos about to get married again.


Why? Because when you sit down and people think about being in business with you, if you can make, manage your marriage, I can be in business with you. Because I know on a day to day, you are having to humble yourself and have to kind of work through stuff. So with business you'll do the same thing. I feel like you would do the same thing. Right. You know, I think marriage is beautiful, but marriage, when you get to the oldie years where it becomes a, a ballet where they don't say much, You know, after all these years, she know what shut up mean.


You know, she not talkative. She make you a little coffee in the morning And you toast. Not breakfast, toast, toast. You know, she figured out you need something to eat And you come downstairs and the paper's there And you read it and y'all just exist together. You know, And you fart And you look at, she ain't laughing. Okay. Go back to the paper. You know, and then you, she talk And you just Mm. And, and when you get to a certain age, you got the most wonderful thing in the world, which is a hearing aid. You turn that down just looking at Mm mm So what did you do?


Mm mm And that, that's, that's what it is. But you think about all that you've been through and the kids and the grandkids, You know. And it's, it's special. I think marriage is a beautiful arrangement. You know, I was just too young and dumb to, to know that back then. Are you on, you on good terms? Yeah. Hiss. What's crazy is, You know, for the longest, like she And I would, You know, we, we never said it to each other, but we just made up our minds that we can't let the grandkids feel our resentment. And there was resentment, You know, she'd come in and sit over there and I'd sit over there.


And then probably about seven years ago I was over at Junior's house, family gathering. 'cause she, I would, they kids would invite her to barbecues at my house. And it's fine. You know? And what it was, is the fear of having to re-litigate what happened in the marriage. Right. And I know I messed up. I messed up. So I didn't, I don't wanna deal. That's why I pay you outta money. So I don't have to deal with that. Right, right. But about seven years ago, we over at Junior's house and we're sitting outside and she's over there somewhere And we are laugh. We all, that's what we do is laugh. I mean joke. And we start reminiscing. And then she came and sat right next to me Mm. And started chiming in.


And then we were talking about, she brought up a story And I was like, and remember, remember? And it was, and the kids were like talking, But I could feel all the tension just leave dissipate. The relationship changed. I love her. And I was able to say, I love you. And she says that to me when we see each other, I care for her. I don't want nothing bad happening. Right. You know, and it, and it's, it's a, it's maturity. Right. You know? And she said the last week when I saw her, she's like, we did good by the kids. Right. Let we high five. Yeah. Wow. So what what's the, what's, what's the dating life like for, because I need, You know, I'm, I'm, I'm headed towards 62, bro.


I don't date. I'm happy. You happy? I wake up in the morning like a kid, You know, you run outside And you come home smelling like pennies. I can do whatever I wanna do. There's peace in my house. Right. I don't have to. Hey, we good. You, you all right? You need anything? Yeah. I don't, I I, I, I could not. I've been by myself too long. You sitting ways then, huh? Mm. So you ain't getting married no more, huh? No, I, I never say never. Right. Because if some woman can climb over the, a wall of resentment and the bile that I Have in my all the checks you done had to write.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For 25 years I've been writing checks in alimony. If she can come out, she was sent by God. That's a superhero. Hold on. That can't be true that you dated the same woman that your nephew once. Yeah. I was in love with her. That's the thing. Come on. You ain't never did Hell nah. Ain't never did that. Did the Jackson five. That that's, I mean, for a family member that's off limits Damon. No, but he was, it wasn't like they were in love. So he dated her. Do You know how small the pool is out here in Cali? Yes. The Dating pool. Like, and this was probably what, 2000 what?


2001, two. Something like That. Did, did You know originally, did she know originally that Yes. When I met her. So I was, I got divorced And I was by myself for two years. Right, right. And then I saw her And I was just like, oh my god, I'm in love. And I found out my nephew had dated. I'm Like, You know, what's up with that? He goes, oh, that's you. I was like, okay, pastor Kasier, Let's go. I drink that dog. And I went ahead and, And I fell in love. Fell in love and it was okay. But it's just They clowned you, didn't they? Yeah. Family gatherings is awkward.


Jail. I don't know about that one. Dam. I'm at her. I just have to let her go. Nah, you see it. You understand. And she cook. She went to caught on blue. What she oxtail? Neck bones? Yeah. Whatever. Mac and cheese, whatever. Collard, green Air, all that. And then some With Turkey necks for beef, desserts, dessert. Come on. Oh man. Yeah. Like a bonafide like chef. I think she does that now. Amazing. I might have to think about it. And then The other things while she cook, I do not approve this.


Then you have type two diabetes out. That's coin. Yes. How's it going? Yeah. I mean, how do you It's like my club foot. You No, it's, it's good. I got Did you always have diabetes or you developed over the Years? No, I got it in 2017. How I walked, I don't know. It's in the, it is in, It's in your family jeans. Here's what I'm, I'm learning 'cause I have Freestyle Libre. Yeah. Which Helped checks Changed my life. Right. And what it is, is you, we eat stuff And you don't know what's good or how your body is breaking down. Breaking it down. Right. So this gives me, I got the glucose monitoring And I can look at it And I know where I'm at at all times.


The thing is, I walked into the hospital. I, I was, I felt delirious. My sugar was at 5 35. Ooh. Supposed to be between 80 and one 20. Yeah. You about to go into a diabetic coma. That's what he said. So I, so I tell Keenan and Keenan's like, okay, you gotta change your diet. I go, what do you mean? Because, well, if you don't eat sugar, you won't have a sugar problem. Right. Life changing. So he goes through my cabinets and stuff and he going throw away this, you gonna throw away this ketchup got sugar, everything I like got Sugar. You, you does. And I was like, wow. So then I'm like, I still had to take insulin.


You know, you're taking five, six units with every meal. I'm like, I don't want to do this. Sticking your finger to, oh my God. It's like, I don't, but what I found out having this glucose monitor is if I lift weights, heavier weights, then my sugar goes down all day. And especially legs. Right. So that's the first thing that go when you start, when you get older, you stop doing the legs. Yeah. You think walking is working your legs out. Oh, I walk three miles don't Mean nothing. In order for muscle to grow, you gotta put it under stress. That part, You know, they say there's a part of your brain that only grows when you do stuff you don't wanna do.


And athletes tend to have the most developed part of their brain. And this part of their brain has to do with discipline, self-control, sticktoitiveness, You know. And so I'm trying to develop that part of my brain. Right. So we see LeVar ball has some complications with diabetes. Ended up having to have a, a, a limb amputated. Irv Gotti, I think he ended up, he had type two diabetes. He ended up succumbing to it. So now, so how, how does, how does Damon Wyn eat now? And I read that you like only eat g You know, you have a garden. Protein, Protein vegetables. I do eat from my garden every day. People think I'm crazy, but I, You know, it's, it's delicious.


I don't put a whole lot of seasonings. Just salt and pepper. And then I have my, You know, like Turkey. Crazy thing is I can eat Turkey, but chicken don't sit well, it don't digest really? Yeah. And you think it's just it's the cousin. Yes. Yeah. Right. Why, why am I having problems? Right. But You know, I learned that with the glucose monitor. Right. You know, yams shoot my blood sugar up. Blueberries. It's all the stuff that they tell you you can have. Right. No, you can't have it. They're very high in sugar though. Especially fruit that's very high in fructose. You had brain surgery. Yep. I had a, a tumor on my pituitary.


So everything was shut down. Your, that's your master gland. Yes. Right. So testosterone was low. My, my adrenals were blown out. So I go there and what was crazy is I was starting to see cockeyed. 'cause the thing was the size of a lemon inside my brain. So if you do like this Right. That's where the pituitary's in the middle. Right. Right underneath. Doctor told me that's the best place to get a tumor. 'cause they don't have to cut your head open. They went in through my nose. Nose. Right. So, You know, I'm Jehovahs Witness couldn't do it with blood. So I had to tell the doctor.


So you don't do transfusions. Right. No transfusion. So the crazy thing is, when I found out I had the tumor, I thought they were gonna cut my brain open. So I'm like, I don't know if I'm do this. I'm just write it out. I had a good life. Thank you. And my family, Kim especially, was like, you are going to get this surgery. I'm gonna punch that thing out your head. So I like, it was crazy because, You know, not doing the blood, You know, you have to really, You know, this is a test of your faith. Yeah, absolutely. So they give you that thing and there's no turning back. Right. And you don't know what's gonna happen when you go out underneath. But here's how faith works. So I say my prayer And I ask God, what am I gonna do?


Okay. I'm gonna do it. No blood. Not only was this, it's successful, but the, the number one doctor in the world to perform this surgery did my surgery. Wow. Dr. Kelly at St. Joseph's Hospital. And he went in and got it all. 99% of it. And I didn't have to do no blood. So when you, when you put God first, good things happen. Wow. But I remember being in the hospital afterwards and You know that recovery sleep is amazing.


Bad. Isn't It amazing? They just don't let you get alone though. They up there shaking you, wake you up. It's sharp wake, leave me alone. I ain't slept in three days. But I, all I remember is a kaleidoscope of wanes. Every time I opened my eyes, there was somebody different there. There's so much love in my family. Wow. You know, grandkids. Yeah. And my brothers and sisters and You know, and nieces and ne it was just like, there was never not anybody there. Wow. You know? 'cause in the hospital they tried to upsell you. Yeah. You know, they constantly trying to put something else in there And you go, no, no, no, no, no, I'm good. You need somebody to advocate. No, he don't need that. He said no blood.


The blood is the most expensive thing they can give you. The brain surgery, the diabetes. What have you learned most about life? What do you embrace most about life? I have a beautiful family. I have a wonderful God. I have so many blessings that, You know, I, I'm the anger that I used to have when I was young. Right. I no longer have because I, I just know that God has his hand on me and my family. Right. He's protected us for years and years.


Right. And I know not everybody with the last name Wayne. Right. Y You know Right. Is is good or tries to be good. But what we do have is others that will correct you. And we ain't shy about going, Hey, you acting a fool. Wow. Like that. You get checked. And so for that reason, I truly appreciate my family and this wonderful journey that I'm on. You know, people, I, I jokingly said, when people when I die, I want it on my tombstone. Don't cry for me. You're next.


What does Damon Williams want his legacy to be? I just want people to smile when they think about me. I just want them to smile. 'cause that dude he loved life. He was funny. That's it. What your family, what can people take away from the Wayans family with the way you guys interact? What would you like other families to take most away from the way you interact with your family or your family? Interact with each other That you never know what's could happen or will happen. So all that stuff you hold onto, let it go. You know, I don't always agree with my brothers and sisters And we have our little disagreements.


Disagreements. Yep. But for the most part, you never know what tomorrow brings. Right. So don't bring tomorrow, today. Right. Which is, I wish I, I coulda, I know so many people, I don't understand families that don't get along. You don't talk to your brother. Yeah. You know, you, you stop talking to your mother. How'd that happen? I don't get that. My mother come kick the door down. She climbing through the window. You don't stop talking to her. You know, but that's not how my family, I just wish that people, the funny thing is like on my set, people are hugging and kissing when they come in and they tell me we don't do this in my family.


Well you should. Yeah. And they just thank I got some wonderful cards thanking me. It's not me, it's, it's my family. Right. It's how just we are And we and, And we get work done. Right. Anything you wanna promote? I know you have Papa's House now. Just Papa's house and the movie that we gonna do together. Alright. I like that. Damon, I wanna thank you. Thank you. Continued success. Everything you've done in this business and what your family has meant for this community. I think I speak for everybody that's gonna watch this and is' gonna listen to this. Thank you. God Bless you. I appreciate you. Thank you.


Spotlight La the newest, exclusive nightclub for allowing Club She Shade to film here. Spotlight LA is a place for anything and everything with something programmed for everyone. Keep up with Spotlight on instagram@spotlight.la


All my life and grinding on my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice, got the roll of dice. The all my life I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of d the all my life. I've been grinding all my life.


Ever notice your dog slowing down and having health issues and wonder what can I do to make 'em better? Well my friend, add rough greens to your dog's food for 90 days And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings naturopath, Dr. Dennis Black inventor of rough greens here. And I invite you to give your pup the rough greens 90 day challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coast and increase energy. By day 60, your dog will have a stronger immune system, less shedding, improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, And you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch your dog. A free Jumpstart trial bag today. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code, try rough. That's T-R-Y-R-U-F-F. Go to try rough greens.com. Use promo code. Try rough, you just cover the shipping. You don't have to change your dog's food. To improve your dog's health, just add a scoop of rough greens.