
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua tga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Alright man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left. I got my dog. Bishop B, he out the prayer least how you what nasty what's happening brother? Let's get to it for sure man. Hey man, I gotta give you some credit man. You was one of the first people I seen with the P six thousands on. Oh yeah. We had a conversation on Twitter about them. I'm like them damn. Were like the new Air Force ones. Like you gotta, you just gotta let them out and just swap 'em out, bro. Nah, hell yeah. I fuck with these. This is my favorite color. They got a bunch of dope color waves. But this is the best one to me for sure. Now Mike one, Ricky, Mike, he, he Team Romero. Even though I ain't seen him in over Romeros in a long time, I don't know what the beef is. He's 6,000 tig or the, or the Romeros I got both because that's a tough color way.


The Romeros feel better but them look better. I agree. I know where you were in this situation. I, I'm team Ro I, I do like look I got that same color way but the Varo definitely feel better. Sure man, shout out to Coachy shoes to my right. I got my dog Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what man? I'm chilling. I ain't no shit Jordan Nines. I don't know why they, they was, I ain't, they wasn't about bother though. They wasn't bother though. They was, they was in a box. I just happened to look at 'em and grab them. Those are fire to me. I always respected those shoes but I never understood why they was on the Jordan statue and nines. I fucked with them white and blue ones though.


All the French blue with the gray. Yeah those are, those are very, very tough. That's hard. Yeah, to me them was the hardest ones and only like the only cool gray shoe I actually fuck with are the nines. I love the cool gray nines. The league my favorite nines is probably the cool gray nines. Yeah, the cool gray nines are super duper tough. Not hard man. We getting to that point of year man. We on slow. So the text time, is that retro five that that metallic, is that gonna be the tax Jordan? You know everybody about to have them. Oh yeah I need them. Wow. I got them. My mine's already secure. I just gotta pick them up. Shout out to the plug for sure. We, we always have a five 20 staple shoe. It's probably gonna be the metallic file.


Last year was the four. Yeah, we all wore the fours during All Star weekend. That'd be hard if we had a sweatsuit with some white stitching. Hmm. We asking for a lot. Yeah, that's kind of, we just asking for a sweatsuit at this point. Hey, shout to the new merch man. Sample down. Lemme see the sample man. You got a sample you wear not showing those on air. But I got you as soon as this episode is So you can I think that's the one. You said what? I said I think that's the one. That's the one. Think that's the one. Oh well shit, since we hear fuck it, that can't be the one. You don't like it. Let's talk about it. I ain't seen it. Let's talk about it all. Let's, let's let the chat help us. What's decide if that's the one that's it.


That's for me. Or being Alright on the front. You know what I'm saying? Simple five 20 right here falls on the back. Mix it, shake it motherfucking pour ho mix it, shake it pour. So does pants come with that? No it can if you want it to though. We could do anything. Yeah, I, I fuck with that but I just think we need a regular club. Five 20 sweatsuit with like club five 20 on the pants like or our OG shit. Last year one? Yeah that, that one. Those are the staples are staying. We still have. Oh okay, okay cool. That's just a new another design. Where the staples at? Need new.


We didn't even, we got, we got some me turnover right now wanted make sure Wick first. Well I hope they ain't coming from China 'cause Trump, Trump shuts that down. Yeah, yeah I was thinking about it. I was like damn the OG baia league, that shit is, it's a my operations. Yeah so that fucking over with it. Pre-orders only. You might not get that official summertime tap in for show where the, where the sweat shops at in nap because that's what we need to tap here with. Sweatshop is crazy. I'm not a condoning that we, nope, I think the price is gonna be a little bit different but you know s probably probably be cheaper but damn man don't she in come from China boy Damn fuck me. Some upset people boy.


Ain't not much shit come from China. That motherfuckers shit about right now Bro Titan. Nah, everything come from China. Damn Trump wildland bro. I mean of all the things he's done, that's definitely an important one. But yeah he, he's making some moves out here that it affects everybody nigga about the layoff people in the CIA. That's crazy. The fact that he well allegedly gave out off and I'm in the CIA I'm letting all the secrets come. You will die. Yeah you gonna die but shit you was told on here so shit. CIA shit it's free. It's free game. I'm telling all the secrets. Yes they do. Ha I know who killed Martin. Like I'm telling. Oh you told who? Martin You done But he was on that too. He was like oh let's declassify the files. I was like alright Trump, I'm tell you play if you wanna, I'm gonna tell you everything you need to know.


You fired me. I think somebody gonna do that though. No I think they could say it. They gonna fire some of these people. They gonna start talking bro. Allegedly they offer severance to a lot of people. Yeah. Get a apartment. Might not be. I've been working in CI for 28 years. You about letting me go. Damn. You just gonna start telling fuck it bro. I'm gonna die anyway. What is, what is, okay so what's like something you're probably 68 70 in that motherfucker. What's this? What's something that's in the era that we really don't know? What we think, you know John F. Kennedy, all the assassinations. We definitely there. There's people who know everything that happened with everything. So y'all gonna get up there and tell them people who did that shit. Oh I, I don't give a fuck about that. I mean respectfully, I ain't gonna search for JFKI who killed Tupac. That's what I want.


Let's get that on on that. Nigga's in Aruba. I just realized just so we get outta this political conversation, it says mix it, shake it, poured on a nigga's back. I wasn't gonna dis the merch on there but I was a little alarmed by the, I don't wanna be walking around nigga saying mix it, shake it, pour it. That's, you know Whose idea was that you put on the shirt though? Mix it, shake it, pour it more like June Mech but respect sound like Sierra song. That was Missy song. Touch it, bring it wrong. Who put the mix it, shake it, pour it on the back of the shirt. Oh. I don't want the merch lady respect. Ah okay. Yeah that wasn't ever my quote. That was a be Here shirt.


Yeah. What was yours nigga? What? Like over the album the nigga. Hell damn I'm on. Can't believe my nigga's gonna tell on the world man. You got something else boy. How you feel about the shirts? They cool. No time. I don't mix it, shake it or pour. I do shit off the court. Mad at it nigga put put my shit what I do with that motherfucker put mines by the door. Hey put mines by the door with like an arrow on the side. Not on your ass Crack but like on the side.


You get what I'm saying? You know you put put arrow on the back then they be like why? Well don't well depending on where it is, don't stand next to nobody because if it's on the lower back you stand next to dj. That's gonna be crazy. Nah, scenario You could, I'm saying by the door with like the arrow like aiming towards your shoes. Oh yeah. Do it like that. Yeah make it like a diagonal or something. Just saying Yeah like don't put my by the door right here. Just respecting the brand nigga weird. What's the doors that just opened? No them beads. You know what, before we started the show off we was just laughing about prank calls and shit And like back in the days you used to have to really call people house phone to get on their nerves and shit.


Bro, I stayed doing that bro. You was a prank caller. Yes bro. Stay calling Granny. Stay calling Est L bro. She 90 years old bro. I'm going through it. Get on her nerves for no fucking reason. Facts bro. I used to be scared of go girls houses. I'm in the first girl house I ever called. Shout out to the gang. Brittany Turner. I called her house. She used to live down the street from me. I called her to come outside her. Her dad said man what the hell you want? I was like can I speak to Brittany? Oh we like four fifth grade some shit. Yeah. Scared as hell man. That's kids now don't give a fuck now they on the FaceTime. They don't even ask. Yeah you ain't got it. What? What's happening? It is easy now.


Everybody got a phone, la iPad, all that shit. I told my daughter, I said when I used to get on the phone I used be nervous 'cause my mama pick up that hole and hear everything. Yeah nigga, my mom used to be on the phone and put that bitch down just to, you know, or turn it up so she could hear like kids nowadays don't have to worry about that shit at all. Yeah, that's funny as hell. 'cause now you get to a point to where you was talking about the bees and shit. Them old school houses used to walk through with the bees. The old plastic on the couches. The grandmas now they got OnlyFans. That shit dead. I remember one year my sister got, she only thing she wanted for Christmas was a phone. She got her own line. That extension in the room? Yeah, she had her own line. Oh that's raw.


Yeah, that's the only thing she got. Oh. I was like yeah so every $50 all you ever getting. Yeah she got her own line. I didn't mind that. I had a vtech in my room. Motherfucker was calling everybody. She was on the phone all day. Her shit was cordless too. I mean shit, I was about eight nigga. I remember I had my cordless boy had my own line in there. I I got my first phone in ninth, eighth grade I had a pre prepaid phone like you gotta get minutes and shit. Oh yeah. And nigga I ain't know when you text or play snake and shit like that. It took your minutes. You had Nokia? Yes sir. My sister had got it for me. My shit was gone in the first day. Yeah you you start from the root.


I remember free after nine the sprint, sprint out. The sprint nigga we had free after seven. Yeah I had, I had T-Mobile. This how ghetto my mama would. I love my mama to death. I think I might have told you this before, before but we had a T-Mobile. Right. My bill was so high my mama didn't pay the, you know Tmobile, all you gotta do is put $10 down. Yeah. Yeah. My mama did that shit for so long. When I got in the NBAI owe 5,000 Owe owe five. What year did she, what year did she start? Probably my freshman year. Oh my. She just would like pay a little bit 'cause I'd call her, I'd be like Yo mama my phone, you know you could like for certain dial, dial out but you couldn't accept in or something like that.


It was little mama t had to plug nigga that phone should have been off nigga she just kept making payments. Our phone was getting cut off. Nigga if you miss two, two months it is over. Nigga Sprint was not rocking you. Yeah, T-Mobile was showing look, you just had to make payments on it and she'll make $20 here, $30 here bro. That's crazy. Nigga I got to the league nigga. It was an outstanding bill. Like first of all got to play my mama there but we had to refinance her house so I bought it when she bought it and I had to pay it off. Well why the fuck is this house cost some shit?


And then I said a mortgage, a motherfucker house trash lady, I love her to death. Then she was like, you might well just pay that phone bill off we got. I went to Verizon So you know I went to Verizon, I had got my own phone. I'm like yeah I'm gonna get me a ball. She was like, well you about to pay ours off. Why? What you said was five don't don't put the refinance spread in your pocket. Yes She said had a good sophomore year. Fuck this mortgage free up. Shout out to my mama man my daddy, they, they made it work for sure man they made it happen fell. I man I swear to God I ain't know none of it. I couldn't believe when I see that how aint know what the house cost this much.


This motherfucker ain't got no space. Shout out to her. Oh for sure We about to have some fun today but man be here. Who pulled up to work tonight? Man, it's been a while. Goddamn Barbie. What fuck is you at? She came ah see she ain ain't got no I didn't, I didn't but your chair see sorry YouTube. She ain't here. Kawa Leonard see. Oh she not here. Joelle and B Mike keeps signaling. No, no she ain't even here yet. She ran to the bathroom. She just might keep signaling, I mean signaling for her to come. Damn. I took her chair out her ass in there. Chair ain't even see world chair. It don't matter. She standing up today.


Damn Ain't even psych no more. And she That's crazy bro. How she goes? Yeah what's happening Take your, How you on R My store even back There? Nah, you got revoked. Okay come on. What's happening? Right on. You don't come to work no more? Oh shit, all things never changed. Yeah def taxes, this drink gets spilled in my pants, mixes, shake pour iia not no more. Oh shit.


That motherfucker good. All I made y'all was a Shirley temple 'cause y'all was in here kicked out about cranberry juice. Get it sexy. Get it sexy. Oh wow. You came back to on your heart LA me damn quick. Wow. Was she talking to one person? I'm gonna hear my drink. She on camera Some more. Lemme get my camera time. Hold on. Oh Barbara, so your spirit just this evening. Talk about it now. Why the fuck you on the I made it. Oh. Alright. Now what's your problem? Yes. What possessions? What? What happened? Oh they Making drinks. They pour y'all some cranberry juice and y'alls in here. Geeta. Oh does she hating? That's hating. When I was here I'm hating because when I was here, where was the bot?


I'm on your ass now because where was the bottle girls when I was Here? Oh, let's talk about it. You were supposed to be here. You were supposed to be here. We were supposed to do bottle girls. It's very difficult to find professionals in Indianapolis. But y found them mostly but, but once I found them I ain't know y'all. I didn't know nothing. I was surprised by the whole production. He's lying. I, I was feeling they came from you. Oh yeah you did the Recruiting of the Girls? Nah he did on my soul. So he did. Did he don't put that on your soul on my song. I didn't even know them girls don't put that on the song. My mama, I don't know them girls. So it's a slot. You gonna hire professionals on LinkedIn? Yeah we really did look them up on LinkedIn. Y'all Found professional body girls on LinkedIn? Facts.


Indeed. It was first we had twin sisters. So you want them to come with you. Right. That was the goal. Wasn't they twin or something or Well they look alike but I think it may be related. I dunno you gonna make the drinks, they gonna bring the bottles and stuff out here from here on out and you know what I mean? I Mean that would be nice. I just was fired. I looked up everybody like damn Now let's are we gonna tell we speaking about truth on here, be transparent. Just didn't come to work no more. Yeah you you Had to leave me in 2024. No we gonna say why you didn't come to work. Why you didn't you left us in 2020. You were on birthday vacation. PTO. We have not seen you in January. You was on Tom Jordan morning show that step back to school cruise.


Fuck y'all. I was on Virgin. I had a time. You had a time but before that. Mm I was baby you was already telling motherfuckers you was fired. And I told motherfuckers she was supposed to be getting reconstructed but it was a remix. It was a remix. Yeah. I'm like, because people were like why the fuck did you fire Barbie bien? I'm like nigga fuck Barbie. I I guess because if Mike fired her, fired because I'm like ain't nobody fire her. We always ask her where she at But she up there going with the fuck, I don't know why they let me go. I know nigga screenshot me like look at what she said Mihi. And I said ah that's fucked up. She do a gang like that Uproar bring me back. Well you was already supposed to be back nigga your ass you never left.


I think y'all went to Chicago. Y'all said fuck me, y'all did about five shows. I was still in the city. Mike didn't try to hit me up once you Was supposed to be under the knife. That real about it Now speak your truth. Key Check on me or nothing. Just fuck me. Listen. Usually all the motherfuckers I know went on the knife. Went to sleep for a few days so I could get Well we glad to see you back though. Yeah we glad to see you back so we got a Shirley Temple because you was mad. Yeah Because I be stressing y'all trying to y'all some picky drinkers and I be really trying to stress out and bring y'all stuff. Y'all like and y'all was geeked up Juice. I wasn't geeked. I get here Mike. It's a half a fucking bottle.


We got bottles, we got bottle, bottle. They wasn't in there so I'm like I apologize. I've been And then my chair wasn't here. I just been kicked out. Look at her. She well tell us the bed. Have y'all put that mother on chair? Back outside. Tell us about the cruise a little bit though. What'd you do? Was you on there making drinks or getting drinks poured in your mouth? Getting Drinks poured in my mouth. Know in Mexico they turned you upside down, put you over they shoulders, all That. Wow. Okay. I see My best friend. I was like yeah I ain't go with no dudes. Respect. Respect. I dunno. I what part of Mexico You've never Okay.


I was gonna say we're in Mexico. They second she talking about ca it was Cabo, I'm Casamigos and then we went, I used to say Casamigos. Oh damn. Say That's we most trenches. Okay throughout the day. Man we happy to see you. We appreciate you Barber. So is your birthday tour officially over so we can expect to see you at work so we don't have to deal with any more of these. It's gonna take me somewhere. I'm So niggas in you already. You know I see Chicken season never Left and nigga hopefully if you got enough money you can take her somewhere. You can flip her tax check. Yeah take that time.


You know what I mean? Her into it. Shout to the queens with the dependents. It's time to shine. Yeah. Out the gate. Love bar. Alright, thank you. Appreciate you. Glad you showed up to work. We appreciate you. The cuffs are unique too. I like that. Yeah this is her. This is the brand. That's funny. Dang you was straight outta your head man. All you was doing just, you know what I'm saying. Promote the show. That's crazy. I stay get thrown on the bus. So this motherfucker, it's crazy. I don't even know them motherfuckers. Damn. I just said get it sexy. She said I damn my fault. I ain't know that song. Do that to people.


We gonna see man. How y'all feel about Drake? Man he performed the other day. Came out top of my dead body with the hoodie with the holes on like he got smoke with the effects behind him and shit. Yeah Drake, I like it. You back in his bag. No I just like, no you ain't, you ain't rolling. Listen Australia, you don't like it. Damn. Yeah it, it don't, it don't hit the same bro. So he would've had to do that in the States for us if he would've did that in la He shoulda did it in Canada. Yeah that would've been crazy in Toronto. Rip yo. Rip your city like he rep his. Yeah. Hey no I like both sides of his conversation. If he would've did that in LA That's crazy. That's hard. That's hard.


The final game of the season in the NFL is about to go down the Super Bowl is upon us And you can get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner at Super Bowl. 59 all new customers. Now is your chance to get on all football action. New customers bet Just five bucks to get $200 or bonus bets instantly. Score big during the biggest game of the year. The Super Bowl with Draftking Sports book. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. Yes. Promo code Club five 20 to get $200 a bonus. Best when you just bet. Five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resorting, Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dkg.co/audio.


What's going on? I'm DJ Wells. I'm Brandon Hendricks and we are role partners over here at Kelo five 20. Man listen, roll sparks if you're trying to get it cracking the right way. If you wanna make sure tonight's extra special, all you gotta do is tap in it is at prescription this follow the instructions online and they will get you squared away if you qualify for this. And if you do qualify for this man, you gonna have a hell of a time be here. Tell the people about Ro Sparks man. Ro Sparks brought me back to life man. Me and my wife had a great time outta town and this, this got the moment. Go on though. So shout out to Ro Sparks. Come on man. Simple and easy to use. Let December get that playlist cracking. You know what I'm saying? You might have a little bit more on that playlist. Be here. Take it at dinner. Use it at dinner. You know what I mean? When y'all about to cash out on that bill, ride around, hit the highway, take the backways home and you know what I mean By the time y'all enter the crib, it's going down. Come on man. Listen Road Sparks be here and gave y'all arrested Plea. Listen, we are the official Road Sparks partner here. Make sure you use the promo Code Club five 20, get you $15 off your prescription man. Tap in, get online. It's easy. They'll connect you with a medical professional. If prescribed new sexual health patients get $15 off Sparks on a reoccurring plan. Connect with a provider at road.co/club five 20 to find out if prescription Rose Sparks are right for you. That's right. That's Roco slash Cub five 20 for $15 off your first order.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because don't like the Color edition. It's Extremely pink. Listen, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine in HL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL, we're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything, we break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the Postseason Run.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, they're shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition and a generation of women hell bent on shaking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app Apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


If you went to Sydney and turn back up like hey I'm still that nigga here. Yeah, I'm the boy. Yeah, that'd be great. Shoot back. But he got so much, I think he got smoke in Toronto, right? Yeah, it's a little friction up there but ah, fuck it. They still love him. I with Drake, the mass majority up but he Drake. Yeah, he's yeah I know, I know we get carried away with some of his back and forth like the internet shows. But Drake is still a very important person, especially in that city for sure man. But Australia just don't hit the same. I just, I just don't know what you do in this kind of beef though. I don't dunno what he does. To be back up to the, oh all he had to do was keep it rap nigga. After that song Drake could have came out with an album. We still, but when he started suing people and all that shit. Yeah he was a little different. Yeah like yeah he prolonged us himself by like you said all other antics and shit and everybody calling you a Karen and it's like, all right now you playing the victim role.


Cool. But a p and D got a A situation dropping very, very soon. I think it's supposed to drop on Valentine's Day if I'm correct. Yeah, niggas ain't gonna, I mean it's gonna be hard though. White people don't care about rap beef. That's why I always think he's straight. Yeah. I don't care about rap beef and they don't care. It don't like, but you know it hit our community a little different like oh yeah, eventually we might not give a fuck but as a whole we kind of, man if he got a hard album come out we not gonna care because nobody care about Kendrick shit no more. I ain't hurt not like us. Oh you're all, I don't know what you talking about. GN X still got dumb slaps. Yeah but I ain't heard not like us in, well it just went back up bro. He just won them Grammys. Yeah so his, his light I'm saying it got it had got it went ran it ran its course.


He did his 5 billion streams but it, it was over with like the Grammys brought it back up. Super Bowl gonna bring it back up again after Super Bowl. That shit gonna be dead. I think the lawsuits brought it back up too. I like the song was already popular but the antics made the song live even longer. Yeah but he about to hear it on Sunday because that song is definitely getting played at Super Bowl. Yeah but it's, it is dead after that. You think So? You run buy a fuck. Well you know we don't consume music that long no more. Mm. Like it's dead like Drake, all Drake had to do was let him run his course and let him do his shit. He could have dropped that shit with Party Next Door. Yeah a niggas with a band. Oh Drake nigga say what you want Drake make them hits.


Yeah he might've lost that battle but fuck it. He got hits but now when he do all the sewing and shit, you give people like Joe Button and all them ammo to keep talking shit. But yeah and that's interesting that you said that part because you said white people don't care about rap beef. You know who else don't care about rap Beef Women. Yeah if it's some slaps or some songs that women can put in their caption on this or some vibey shit, his core audience gonna be right back where it is because a lot of women fuck with Drake 'cause Drake make that type of vibe of music. Yeah he can bounce right back on top. But if he come out with another slap, I mean shit it's Drake. I don't know if he can have like a another slap slap like a like a hip hop rap slap that might be dead. Niggas might not just tune into it.


Like even some of the songs he dropped during the beef or after the beef that was kinda like usually like that shit with Thug. Yeah that's normally a slap. Yeah we would've been like, yeah that's hard but I don't think people gonna be you went the other way bro. Yeah that's what I'm saying. That's what I mean like our community you might have lost us as a whole. Hmm. Like if he dropped head like what was that headlines where he was like don't make me what he say that Miss the old Drag Girl Don Tim Me? Yeah or what'd he say? I might catch a body. What song was that? Yeah that's the song. Yeah. Yeah like he could never drop something like that no more. Yeah I don't wanna hear that no more. Yeah, don't ever wanna hear it again. Same rap for about Cole Love Cole to death but I don't want to hear I'm the best and I'll prove it.


No just go rap bro. That just take it out their vocabulary. Drake. Yeah Drake. Drake helped Gunner get some light off him. Yeah he did what? Had a fantastic year. Yeah Drake really helped gunna like who? Right on my nigga bitch. But that should give y'all example of that. You can bounce back 'cause Gunna dropped a hard album. Undeniable bro. People like the music under tough allegations. They couldn't even say you couldn't even hate and he had some songs that I like and then the nigga that's hat on, the nigga that's hating on you or the niggas that's hating on you is having like, you know Okay albums and yeah niggas is going to jail. It's kind of like hey yeah when that and I hate Gunna Damn not even, no I'm saying like that ain't my 'cause we used to have a me and my, my dog Keys, we used to have a battle between him a little baby like who Better Baby or Gunna.


We used to always do that and this was before Baby started, you know when Baby was up up. Yeah. I'm like baby killing Gunna and he used to be like nah gunna going to age way better than baby he do. So like it made me like hey gunna like I actually like his songs but I just couldn't be a fan because I was like a little baby fan for the sake of the argument. Yeah just for the argument anytime you know I'm you be on that. Yeah. I about to say yeah a nigga could be cold but just for my point of view so I could be right. I'm gonna hate him. He like the Pacers he used to do. I actually like the Pacers. Well Don why you bring this up? I played for the Pace he used to do that. The future a while back. Yeah like I'm just going argue my side to a point where I'm gonna make myself hate 'em even though I like 'em like you'll catch me listening to some of these songs.


But that's how I be really a future fan on God. And somebody really said well if Jeff was a rapper, fuck Dirk, he's future. I got hype As many times. Nicks gonna played 56 nights. Yeah Nick, that was one of my favorite albums but I was a fan of Baby and didn't see Gunna like just slowly keep doing what he is doing and having it hit After hit after hit after hit, Keith finally called me like, yo remember that shit you was talking about Gunna and Baby? I'm like Lil Baby always been hotter but Gar Gutter always been, I mean Gutter. Shout to Gutter Gutter he never been hot but nah but Gunna Gunner has always been a better artist though forever.


I just didn't feel that way at that time. Yeah, RP De Ride he used to say that early on he was just like, he was like Baby Cole. He said Gun of music just different. And I'd be like nigga you tripping. I'd be like nah the melodic shit definitely hit different. That's why they was a good Lil Babies hotter though. And he could really spit. He was making bigger songs. He was a bigger artist, you know what I mean? He was a polarizer figure but so far his music Ah bro. Gun undefeated bro. But look how everybody suffered. Not say suffered, use a better word. Look how everybody was affected in that situation. If they all could get along though obviously Cases and Work that's different nigga Street Ties, that's different type of politics but they all would've benefited from still having a relationship. Even Drake from the situation. We probably not gonna get no more Drake in Future. That's the hell of a collaboration. Yeah and Gunna and Baby was, they had a nice collab too bro.


They was going crazy bro. Yeah I liked Gunna and Thug better. Just me personally. That Gunna and Baby they that was a gunna Gunna and run Thug. That was a dynamic du over bro. Yeah bro. They had a run bro. They did but bro that gun, that gun and thug different bro. When my niggas came out with that ski that too hard bro. I mean Gunner wrote the whole thing but I'm just saying you think wrote Baby, you think you wrote Baby Bars No Shade, he didn't know. Right Baby bars no shade. No don't g here on that. No listen I want niggas to know of this music shit. Listen, listen play it Drip too hot.


He probably wrote the chorus. Yeah I'm sure he can but he ain't out. Write his verse he killed. Listen my nigga gotta give Quavo a little bit more. He he killed Gun on that. Niggas gotta give Quavo a little bit more love too bro. Like niggas really be behind a lot of this music that y'all niggas love bro. Oh now Quavo gets my utmost respect. You can say how you feel about his solo shit. Tell me yo bro, the Migos is one of the best rappers of all time. I fuck with Quavo. I remember when we met him and he got on the bus pause like he had, he had Tory Lanes in there. He was cooking up some shit with Tory Lanes. Shit. Yeah no nigga Niggas pins is a lot different y'all that's why I kind of put put But he didn't write. He didn't write baby verse. Listen that's fine. I'm just telling y'all don't be, don't be surprised if some shit come out because you can't.


Why tell niggas like as weird as Little Yachty is, we know he writes Chad somebody nigga die. He know I used to say it all the time bro. That weird shit bro. Niggas didn't know that City Girl shit bro. That nigga them niggas pens is crazy bro. So that's a little bit more respected as an artist. Like Lil Baby was just, gunner was never a street nigga. Yeah Gunner was a, I mean Lil Baby when Covid came out and he dropped that song, that's when his career took off because he was able to play both sides. He was appease to both people. Like it always seemed like, to me it always seemed like gunna needed a thug or a baby to when in retrospect he was the better artist the whole time bro.


But Gunna don't got, that's my dog show man. He don't have a freestyle. That's my dog. Everybody freestyle are, listen y'all, those are bigger records than me. My dog, nobody has a, nobody has an Ice Ice baby either. Who? Vanilla Ice. Nobody has a Ice Ice got either bro. Nah bro Records. But what's better Ice Ice Baby than Tweak? Ice. Ice Baby. Ice Ice Baby A Tweaker Ice baby bro. It's forever. I mean and you limited I'm gonna take Ice. Ice baby. Yeah, but I'm saying Gunna is like come that first album when he got outta jail, fuck no nigga ever had an album like that.


Niggas had songs, rodeo album when Boost got out, when Gucci got out, them niggas didn't have albums like that bro. Nah, he came out to a, he the biggest ever bro. Some nigga was in jail for 30 days. He got out, he did a sign. He was 60 days then nigga, nigga did. Look it's always niggas that never been in jail. Talk about he was only in there for a little bit. Nah nigga he did a sign. Hey when you hey when you tell a nigga my time is about time nigga talk about lied up five years on death row being a murder charge in Kansas. Gucci was supposed to get with the county for 30 days. Gucci locked up for years. I'm just saying Beers man I just, niggas went to jail.


The Ricos respect. When I got out my Apple was better than all y'all respect though. I've been doing six months. Whatever he did shout out to that man more than I could do. Salute. Yeah for sure. Y'all funny as because I was a juvenile for a a minute and I was sick baby, I about about come to get me. I about cry. You was stealing? Nah, somebody was fighting on the bus and they just took the whole back of the bus. Like damn damn. Put you on the Rico on a fist fight. Niggas on Keystone for that. Nah that's what I was when I went to 42. Yeah Turn UPT is a OG Rico civilian. I said Billy Rico's crazy.


That got fucked up. I wasn't even fighting. That is a fact though. Nigga got his head thrown through the window and the glass came down and like scratched my face and I ain't know. Yeah, now you don't know. You like damn they fighting. I'm just looking and I like nigga you bleeding. I'm like damn for real. Police came on the back of that bus was like, you with me yo. I was like, I ain't fighting. I'm like, everybody's like he ain't fighting. He's like look at his face. I'm like oh I'm start crying instantly. Man what the fuck? Alia scared as hell. I ain't did a crime since. Well I'm still stealing but these hands still work. These hands ain't bleeding. I still get some hot Cheetos there.


His hands some CarMax hot Cheetos. The honey bun boost the hoodie. Money's crazy on God. That's stupid. That's funny man. Shout out to Drake man. I I think the music was gonna slap. I wanna ask y'all a question. Halftime Super Bowl. Y'all think Kendrick gonna drop our album because you knew GNX was just supposed to be the project but before the album he's going on tour obviously good time to capitalize. We seen this done before. Do you think we got a good chance of that happening? I don't, I ain't a Kendrick fan like that so I'm fatigued. Like I, I look Kendrick makes great music but after that good kid Matt City, when he went like left. Yeah I kind of really, I slowed down though. Paying attention. Yeah. Oh yeah. So if he did, I think if he do drop an album that'd be cold though.


His fans is gonna definitely step for him. I think he still got a wave. Actually I don't even think it fell off. Nah, I say Drake like we said, doing what he did helped the wave continue currently with the situation. He dropped out Super Bowl. That's tough. Yeah I ain't, especially if it's fire. I ain't even tap into the last drink. Ah GN X is fire bro. That's cool. It is ain't really my type of music though. It ain't, it's on brand. It's definitely not mine. Yeah like what's the had the squabble up or something? The Wiz, the Wiz Freestyle Squabble up is Fire too. That is Shout out to Wiz Wiz sl that bitch, he went crazy on that. I'm just, I'm more of a future Wiz been doing freestyles. He just did. I think it's Playboy Max or whatever his name is respecting him fucking name up.


But he doing freestyle I think my nigga Wiz back outside this year. Hey Wiz man drop a cushion Horses shoots too or something. Don't do that but just drop another fire tape. I don't want it to be a sequel because it's ruin it. Just bring that kind of energy back. Yeah bitch say something like that on the track man I think my nigga back single again so it probably that energy probably there. Yeah I need that Wiz man. I don't like that. I think Wiz to me the biggest, the underground artist ever though. I like the I'm I smoke all day Wiz. I still smoke all day but I don't like working out Wiz. I remember Kendrick Lamar. Nah I don't like that 2012 Kendrick Lamar was opening up for Wizz bro. That's how much Wiz been on. That's how long Wiz been on bro. Bro. Wiz has been doing, Rick Ross opened up for Wiz Khalifa too here.


He did. Wiz has been doing like festival tours. Those type of tours. Yeah, basically white hard ticket sales, white big ass venue concerts. Since his inception he, I have never seen the underground artist like grow like that. He, I remember he started off at iu not saying that was his first tumble grounds, but when people got familiar with him he was doing college parties bro. And for him to keep that same momentum going, I don't know necessarily if he was independent or not, but so far as underground. Yeah he the business look at the the all those blogger rappers we talked about, we talk about Drake, we talk about J Cole, we talk about Big Sean, we talk about he that era. He, I mean he's one of the only few of them who could tour big say by himself where he was always in the venues by himself.


He was doing those type of arenas. Amphitheaters. Yeah. Everybody else needed kind of help. He did too but he was always a different type of time at Eclipse. Nigga, he was the only nigga putting 20,000 nigga. Come on bro. Drake and Wayne came, he's still putting more people in there dolo than them when they came here. Yeah. Underwriter bro. He ain't do that in Atlanta. No, I'm just, I'm just saying here in Atlanta, boy that motherfucker, that's a different environment today. Yeah, Drake and Wayne. That shit was to the sky man. Yeah, that's a different, that's a different environment too. But yeah, shout out to Wiz though outta that class. He, he really wasn't the only ones bro that superseded like now. 'cause while they was in that era, bean was in that era. Yeah, lot of people, McNeil was in that era. Lot of niggas had up and down seasons bro.


He the only one great C currency. Like a lot of them Nipsey Dom, like a lot of them was good bro. It was different. Stop. He was, he was in that era bro. He was in that era though. That's what happened. I ain't gonna do DJ like that. Dom was in that era. All right listen. I don't got no prob. I've never heard a Dom Kennedy song. You have bro. You have have made me, somebody gave me a song. I played your slap bro. But at that time period you never played a slap. I played your slash He never played me a slap. That's between y'all. That's y'all relationship I'm waiting for. I've been telling people to comment. Skip I please give a bro just play Yellow album bro. All the way through. Yeah. Album. You won't be disappointed. I got some good songs but it's just different. And you gotta be like in that cult following bro. It's like what's your boy with all the cars?


Currency. Yeah, it's a difference. I fuck with currency the long way, but it's more I'm the court, the spit of though. Yeah, but I'm more off the court than with currency than on the court. Like I, I don't play courtesy music. I just fuck what he do though. Yeah, he do. He do a lot of cars. He, he a cool ass nigga too though. Like, I like courtesy though. I, I used to fuck with it was crazy. 'cause we talk about, because he used to fuck with Wayne though. Yeah, he was definitely, he was no limit too for minutes. Yeah, he been around for a lot. Yeah. Courtesy Don tripping and all them. But Lido don't do tripping Lido. They they, they, that's they mans. They too literal. They too, they too like hey that's they mans though. I'm not saying they they mans I'm just saying like you talking about rapping wise. Yeah they up there little bit different for sure. But like Dom can't touch them.


Nah, he can't. Nah he can't. He can't. But again, they can't be in the same room. Oh nah, I won't say that. Lee up my dog that's in the same Trent, I'll let you. No, I'm saying it's similar Trent. I wasn't gonna say that. That's, that's discussion. I'm just saying listen, y'all know how Listen I got five favorite rappers. Jay-Z and then Trip like third. I'm gonna go Wayne Lido come to the city. I swear to God we'll come to Tennessee bro. Fuck with you. Yes, we need that interview asap. New project. I fuck with love. I like, I swear to God I do. He rap like bring Jamar too. He rap how I would rap nigga just be talking. Yeah, but Trip different.


I don't know man, how you feel about Baby. That's how I used to feel about Lido though. I remember when Shout when Jamar first got outta jail so I started fucking with them or whatever. But they used to play that shit every day bro. Yeah, that's all we used to play Step Brother every day. Nah, that shit was really, that shit was really hard. But I was just like man these niggas ain't better than ya. Step brothers are crazy. Ah nigga, these niggas harder than ye like Brandon be all them. They like huge, huge fans man. That's all we played. Yeah. So I get it. That's tough to compare to in a situation. But while we here, I wanna ask y'all, y'all could take any three or four artists, rap, RB whatever you get to make your own concert. Who you booking? Nigga? We making money off the concert? Nah, just for you. Whoever you wanna have is your you ain't, we ain't no strategy involved. But this is who I fuck with.


It's who I want to hear. Oh, I was about say I bring Taylor Swift. Yeah, that's why I said Swifty. Beyonce. Yeah, we going, we gonna up Beyonce concert. We Beyonce. Hey so I'm gonna open Booie going open. Mm. Booie gonna open. Weby gonna open for you Bro's. Life he's next. Booey Weby for my auntie and them. I'm gonna bring Mary J Wait, you got Mary J following Webby? Yeah. Okay. That concert just the five 20 roll loud by the way, this is what we got. This is, it is wrong, loud, different, different. I'm, yeah, that's stage for me too. All the way because I'm gonna to Mary J State before I go to Booie.


Those states better have seats from Mary J. Them. They, they standing in the Warrior Church shows it's standing up. So Booie Weby, Mary J mm Future is closing by the way. This is a nasty concert. So look this is what for real, real shit. Booie Weby Mary JR Kelly Futur is closing. So nigga and got cases all type of shit. You got R Kelly outta Jay. I just went, you know, 2K where you just take everything off, take the energy off and everything. It's just you play with no fatigue. You know niggas just cut all the sliders off. I how two is shout my nephew, that's how he beat me.


One. He threw the guy sliders up, put all the sliders up on 99. Three pointer. So this is Malcolm Slider's concert. Okay. For sure. Who you got dj? Oh man, that's funny as hell. I don't know what particular word like be here said, but I'm definitely, Chris Brown is definitely gonna be involved. Definitely something on Future being involved. Wayne is my go. So he definitely got me involved. I gotta get an r and b acting there besides Chris Brown. That's where I'm having the self part because definitely I, I low key would get scissor in there. But I can't put Scissor in an opening part of a concert because that's too disrespectful. But I need her involved as well. Me, my concert gonna be a little weird. I'm gonna open up with Beyonce. Shit gonna be crazy. Hell's gonna be going nuts then I'm look for my streak niggas Jeezy gonna come out.


Okay, we gonna go crazy. The fans, the Beyonce fans are going leave as soon as they, they see Jeezy on that. That's fine age. But respect, we didn't want them. We want the ghetto Hos left afterwards, the boots, all the pretty little Siddy girls get out. Respect. Yes sir. And the community probably gonna leave. So then we gonna have Jeezy having Beyonce open up for Jeezy already. So we're clearly not making no money. All this is cool. Oh no, the money, the money is, I'm filthy with Beyonce opening up now. How Independent on however you put your flyer up. Yeah, Beyonce open and act. So I have Jeezy and then, you know, I got, I have Future Gotta do Jeezy, future back for the street niggas. And then like y'all said, I got C Bey and then I'm gonna close it out with probably like, close it out with Kills bro.


Yeah. Fucking Ka. Yeah. Kale gonna take it home bro. Kill bro. Before you leave, if I'm on some stoner shit, I'm gonna have a, I'm gonna have a Wiz currency. Dom and Larry June concert. Ain't no bitches coming. Nah, that motherfucker gonna be empty. That motherfucker be dj. That shit gonna be lit. But it's gonna be a bunch of punk rock motherfuckers. I wanna kill my, it's gonna be a, it gonna be a whole bunch of high motherfucker concert. Ain't nobody gonna talk in that bitch. Hell yeah. That's gonna be Stu City. That's gonna be a WBA concert.


Hey it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They Changed it and the, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah you're just like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen To Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything, we break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Extra tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, they're shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast Presented by El Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


That's all Star weekend line up. All you gotta do with that young young in May. That bitch that gonna be lit. It's it's Hey have you seen Kevin Gates recently? Nah, we he was disgruntled about something. He looked a little bit different. They lost a little weight. Gotta fade And they was like that. The allegations is back up. They put the side by side and him at Young in May but they said that she used a like a eyelash for her, for her ate for her beer. Shit. Hair Man. I hope Young May ain't doing that. Yeah she still got one of the, I can't think of that song. I always listen to that freestyle she got, I gotta tap in. I used to love Kevin Gates pulse but like his music used to be a shit bro. We used to bump Luca Brosy man what nigga what?


We used to bump that? What's the first dealing with Heartbreak? Not that one. What's the one? Gates may be weird but Gates got slaps. Hell yeah. Beginning Gates. I the fuck you. I say me That's Lido and what's the name Product Two Dog? Nah what's the one with that one song that came out already? I don't like to say it though. It was a little kind of wild where he was talking about him and his girl fighting. Supposed to be love. Yeah. What album is that? One? He had some heart like a lot of Pussy Niggas One Murder bro. I can't think of the first mix. It had a song like We on there. I can't remember. Satellites Aspire Tool? Yeah, I forgot the tape.


Yeah, Kevin Gates got some slaps. He I love Kevin Gates music. I don't know these niggas so I don't be in that internet shit. I just listen to the music for sure man. Speaking of music, your boy dj, what was that called? Called right there with the hat right there. You won. Gimme the By Any means. Oh by any, yeah that was my shit right there. Oh my mom by any means it's crazy. My shit swear to God that's hard. That was my shit. Oh your boy DJ Khaled, he posted up, posted the album, said it's on the way. I got two Drake songs on there and Drake got there and said what's Drake you talking about? And that post got deleted. He said Drake Bell. He said Drake Bell. Wow. What Drake you talking about That nigga. So K over Khaled had some old songs that he was gonna put on there and Drake.


Oh Cam shout to KK must have been playing both sides. DJ Khaled. That's what happens when you play both sides though. He fuck with Jay play both sides. Jay fuck with Kendrick and for Drake 10 Bear shoot like that. You strip that shit. I fuck with, I fuck with Drake on that one. Hey bro, shit been quiet for me. I ain't heard from you. You ain't probably reached out like nah I don't, now that I'm back outside I'm trying to benefit off me nigga. Nah I ain't, I feel Drake on that shit. Nah, ain't no Coach Vulture shit with that. Yeah bro. Y'all fuck I fuck with Khaled. What's your Khaled album? DJ the first, the first Khaled album Raw Mine Z had a song with all Lil Wayne used to murder his shit.


I'm on one. That album was, that shit was hard. Yeah, nah he got some classic shit too. He got, he got lost on like the earlier he saved me one to hate on so bad. You know how you hate people like you just said because niggas got some up. He used to gas cal so much that it made me just say fuck call. Listen, before Kler found Twitter and all and Snapchat, I swear to God Keller was the biggest bro. He had all the biggest singles every summer bro. Back when he said nigga him and Yo Gotti, y'all let Fat Joe say nigga Joe my man. But he stopped though. I'm just saying he stopped back but did we taking over shit. Who We nigga that shit stopped. Nigga gave some more money. I don't know that word anymore. Nah, I'm just saying though Khaled was the biggest bro. He was out of pocket for saying nigga though. He should say strong. Oh y'all never said nothing to Fra Joe about it though bro.


I, I'm not saying we checking nobody but I'm just saying he stopped doing that. That's when the music changed. But the I'm so Hood and shit like that. All those old remix songs and shit, that was a, that was a slap. Did they stop doing it though because he got checked or he wanted to make a bigger bag? Oh it was money. He never got checked about it. Yeah it was always about money for sure. Khaled the biggest bro. He was though. I fuck with music after DJ Drama got locked up bro. What was up For real? Mm Shout out to drama for getting all the gangsta grills on Apple. Apple Music and all the DSPs. I've been seeing a lot of them like different tapes pop up. That's fire for sure. What's the, what's your favorite gangster grills. Oh Dedication to? Yeah that's not, I actually I lied Trap or Die. Mm. Yeah because we heard that before the album came out. Yeah. Trap or Do and the blending.


That shit is immaculate. Yeah I gotta go with the Trapper. Yeah Adam, them songs slow with each other. Yeah last time I chick that was and he was going crazy with the tags and shit on the date. Go the Trapper Dive bro. It was one song on there nigga. I think it might have been a Dipset beat. It was a different beat. That motherfucker was so hard. I don't even know who Beat it was. Yeah bro Trapper Die is a crazy tape. That's a elite mix tape to me. But dedication to, we grew up in some good times man. We got grown good man because with that P shit Spinrilla Safari shit man shout to my nigga Bino. He had one of the hardest tapes on that pit too. Oh my mama. That motherfucker fly America. Woo. I don't want niggas to sleep So y'all that was our, that was our label. We asleep.


See niggas don't know about K. You know what I mean? Shout whatever nigga know Kao. That song was so hard. Oh you know what I mean? Shout out to the game. Shout to Bino man. Hey Bino was nasty bro. Shout to my nigga. Freaky Lou. It was, it was a time K Iso. That nigga was nice bro. Honestly bro, he one of the best rappers I ever heard. Swear to God bro. Bro. He would go, he would go rap with people and niggas would be like he ain't sound nowhere. He'd be like he from Napp. They'd be like for real. Every time we used to take him to come fuck with you bro. In the studio area. Where in Atlanta? Shout to Lex. Luger took that nigga to go fuck with Lex bro. He like bro I ain't never seen nobody do these one taste like this bro. That nigga was cold used to shred big shot nigga. That nigga just did wanna be a rapper bro.


We couldn't. I think niggas was just, we was before our time. I think that nigga should have Ghost wrote for me. I would've did that shit. I've been Miles bro. I've been mix tape. My and Lou will. I can't wait till we go to a goddamn all star. I got something to say about that too. What? How Lou will tried to overcharge for the Bino verse? Oh he tried to charge Bino? Yeah he said a crazy feature price nigga was just trying to fuck with Lou. Will he put a ticket on there? He put a ticket on that bitch. Lou, Lou the gang. We love Lou Shout out to Spank but yeah I'm on that. That's yeah he put a ticket on being Yeah I forgot to say something when we was in a TL fucking with him 'cause we was having a good time.


We still having a good time. But I was like I wanted to ask him if he remember that he told us a crazy price. Damn. Yeah he was rapping then. Yeah. Damn that's crazy. He had a song with Meek Mill and it was hot. We was like damn that'd be hard if Lou will come and I think nigga you probably don't even remember. It's crazy you don't remember everything you had asked him. He like you was like bro Lou will said it's this for that. Ah he did it like for the 16. I'm shitty as man shit the hardest, hardest artist nigga in the goddamn the Midwest for sure. Oh that nigga had bars bro. I ain't even, I ain't ain't 'cause he my nigga bro. When I first, he wasn't even my homeboy like that. The first time I heard him I said nigga you rap like this. I'm not saying you sitting in the studio. I said he fuck with this man.


This nigga had a bar st Nah this nigga is cold. This what me and him got close. I said this nigga can flow bro. Like he really got bar like nigga, he like Wayne my favorite artist. I'm like bro you rap better than a lot of people lot of but every time we brought him around somebody they'd be like be de now where's this nigga from man? Yeah but his flows and matches get up like you would see him. He'd be like if we was five 20 Yeah now oh my mama we have a label. Oh my god. And we had a biggest that nigga would be that's a fact. And we'd put K out in a in a 360 deal. Yeah all the guys used to do gear everything nigga like hold on, we just need to to change. We just, yeah we throwback mama Throwback Thursday mama y'all But yeah where that nigga at Kyle brought up.


I know he still, you got about eight kids now you gotta make the decision now you would've had to choose to be K freaky Mike. That's your first artist. IA be kay Freak, freaky, freaky. Mike is my artist just by just by default you feel me? Association. Yeah by association. He's still the game but we really had a million dollar nigga on God no cap. That nigga was nice bro. Shout to 360 2. Damn. That's funny. That's crazy. What a time period. Listen man, we in the midst of the NBA trade deadline. I want to ask y'all, we see a lot of situations where like people like nah we ain't going to go to state but we see a lot of superstars that we grew up with or in the era that you play with as well facing out. Is it, is it new NBA now?


You gotta like a lot of people ain't fucking with like we said don't say thirsty calling trying to get somebody. You got other people trading for kd. KD like nah I ain't fucking with it trying to get rid of Jimmy. But all of our stars is getting to a point to where they, they moving toward the end of their career. It's just not a thing no more. Mm. I don't think nobody really thirsty to go play with KD and 'em no more. It'll be cool. Yeah but it ain't really a thing. These young niggas is turned Ja Morant like nigga this my league. Yeah Anthony Evers like nigga fuck y'all nigga I wanna bust your ass. You know what I mean? Yeah. The Aaron Fox, all them, they ready to go at these niggas. It ain't no friendly shit. It's like probably the younger players I feel like they wanna play with 'em but they ain't really like the superstar young niggas. They don't care bro. Yeah, that's what I wanted to ask you about.


Especially you tee, you look at a lot of young teams like the rocks was just like yeah these big names available, we sneeze it, we gonna rock with our young talent and you look at all the teams that's growing, look at the nuggets in that situation. Yeah that made a couple moves but everybody else is like we just rocking with who we drafted. Like we not star power don't be shit to us. Yeah It just, I love kd. We love bro, we love Steph. I mean age, you know getting older is undefeated. Man, father Tom, it is gonna get the best of all of us in. That's all it is. And I mean KD bro Steph, they still playing at a high level but yeah like you said, these young dudes don't care about that. Like they trying to get to the chicken bro, you can make 400 million on a max deal now they not worried about if KD on my team or not.


He is like nigga I'm trying to kill, I'm not trying to pass it to him. Nah, that's a fact. So nobody really care about that no more. So it's just a different league and rightfully so. I mean that's how we felt about the old heads. Like I was tired of playing with Joe. Like man shit, I ain't trying to pass it to Joe and the fucking damn running to the corner for this nigga. He old like yeah move, move around nigga. And So you know follow Times's undefeated. When Joe went to Brooklyn you was like whew finally. Or was like yeah I was hype, I was mad at first 'cause it was my first year starting it was gonna be my third year. So he like, I'm going to Brooklyn. I was at his crib. He was like, I'm gonna Chicago or Brooklyn or Oh he was gonna Chicago, he was about to sign with Chicago or something. Yeah, excuse me. In my second year he ended up coming back to the Hawk signing a big deal.


So my third year was gonna be my chance starting like full time. And he got traded to Brooklyn and I, when I went over his crib I'm like the NA trader, you know what I mean? Like I get to play with a real point guard and at first I was like damn man, my first year of starting Joe ain't gonna be there. It's gonna be kind of hard. Then when I went home tore was like, thank God you don't gotta pass to that nigga run to the corner. And I thought about it, I was like, hell yeah. Like what? Fuck that. I don't wanna pass this watch this nigga dribble a thousand times. Fuck that. So I got hyped but you know Joe was still my dog. Yeah. So it was different. But as far as hooping, I was hype as fuck. Like yeah I ain't gotta worry about giving this nigga the ball all day. And it was more, it probably was funner, you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. That make a lot of sense.


Especially like even, I mean not to keep talking about this trade but I'm still surprised that that deal happened behind the, the tables like that or behind the curtain. 'cause everybody's so missing. EBA, everybody's talking about shit. Yeah. So for a deal like that to happen it's just like all right we trade superstar like this cool. Like you said now the young niggas are like shit I'm just trying to get to a French house where I can just get these fj up man. Like I seen Ken Martin talking about his son like we just want a hoop bro. We just wanna get a chance to play. Yeah. And that's what young niggas is on now. And I wish I had that kind of mindset when I first came in the league 'cause I was all for it trying to learn from the beds and you need old dudes to teach you. Like man fuck that. Getting a chance to play. That's the best learning lesson and go out there and get a chance to hoop. You can figure it out yourself.


Like these old niggas might not have the same gift that you got. Yeah. Luckily you was in a good situation though. Yeah. I mean it worked out but I'm just saying like as a young dude you keep, I want to get around some vets that's gonna teach me the game. Nah, fuck that. You wanna get around some vets who ain't playing. Yeah. And they can teach you the game. Not some vests that's playing that's gonna teach you. Nah, I want some sad niggas that's OGs in the game that don't get in. But I get to play. That's what I want. I be trying to think of points. Todd Gibson. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Old hit at the end of the bench talk to him but he ain't trying to compete with you. He ain't trying to give you no bad advice and take your number, your minutes. Excuse me in the game. Yeah. I been trying to think of players I like damn. Who? A nigga like Teague that just went from scoring a dove to running to the corner to pick and roll type shit every day.


Well he talking about fresh outta college to the NBA. Yeah like head of much and damn near every, I was gonna say that's anybody who got picked beyond number 10. You damn near go through that. If you top 10 you get a chance to play. Really. But after top 10 nigga you run to the corner. Look at Reed she, he went number three. There you go. Okay. You don't get no tick G League game all type of shit. You can damn Rob Dunham. You gonna say yeah you're gonna say Rob is a perfect example as well. Yeah like it's, it's a bunch of nigga you go through that but like, like Rob. Alright I wanna learn from some niggas. I I don't wanna learn from Mike right now. Mike still play Mike a cool nigga but I want Mike to be at the end of the bench telling me how to get better.


Yeah. I don't want Mike starting and getting that shit off. And then it's how you run the pick and roll young fella, fuck that. Tell me when we go to practice and your ass don't get in the game. Talk to me during timeout So you not come talk to me on the bitch yours. I'm talking to Mike, I'm talking to Mike Bivy, he in the game. He like, you see that pass, you gotta be able to make that pass. Well I don't get a chance to make it might get in the game so fuck that. I gson, that's my OG for sure. I, I think the league is gonna be in a good space. I think obviously once LeBron moves on that's gonna be the initial hit. They're trying to change his things but with so much young talent, these teams being dedicated and also being cheap as hell too. That's another thing that plays a factor. They ain't all about young development as much as they say they are but they all about staying under that second tax apron so, so you'll see a lot more teams probably more competitive.


Maybe not the same superstar power at first but it's still gonna be good basketball for sure. When y'all think LeBron retire over under two years, which I got under under two years. Can he retire next year? Probably bro. I think he trying to compete to win like before he retires. I think LeBron Dehaun put himself in a position to be a team owner if the Lakers get good and he stay. I see. I think he stay longer. I think he just trying to put his scoring record so high that he never be in jeopardy. Yeah because that nigga keep having 28. Yeah I think 25 30. I think he just trying to like put his stats so crazy that it just looks like Michael Jordan can't compete like you know what I mean?


Yeah, no I can see that. I don't think he think he gonna win another championship in la. I don't think he think that. So I've been on my conspiracy shit going down a rabbit hole 'cause it's my favorite thing to do around Trey rumor time. I definitely think that the next six months for the Lakers I've seen this a lot of different places. I don't think it's the most important but how they gel the rest of the season. I think that's very gonna be important to what LeBron does. 'cause if they fuck around in jail and they get a little bit of wiggle room and add another team that's gonna be a team that can compete. Obviously we not expecting to win the championship but LeBron can still play at a high level and ain't gotta be Batman no more. Yeah. Batman just pulled up. Yeah I think but I definitely think he's trying to get a va that Vegas team. Yeah I think he's trying to do that but I also just think he trying to put his stats so crazy like he's trying to get top three in a assist or something.


He like he just trying to do shit. Hmm. Like he the greatest player ever. That's what he trying to solidify so fast. Man I got my son in the NBA and my son. I watched my son hit his first three pointer. Man y'all can't say nothing to me. Yeah. But like you see every time he do something he like this is 40 like you know what I mean? Everything. Like he great but he makes sure y'all know like I'm doing shit that's never been done. I'm like I'm unbelievable. You know what I mean? Yeah. We might be dead before bro. Another bro walk through the league. Nobody ever gonna it never be another bro. Like it's never gonna be another mike. There'll never be another LeBron. I don't care. Win B won't be LeBron win B can be the most unique player ever. He's a freak. He still won't compete with LeBron.


He won't do nothing bro won't come close. Mm. Now that's an interesting point there. We talk about some of these legends going on and moving on to different spaces. Probably won't see another kd. We'll have tall players that play like him but we probably won't see another kd. I ain never see another KD not a big that shoot that well off the dribble. And you'll see another KD before bro. Yeah. But you will never see another bro. That is not happening. Somebody stay that healthy that long. Never And Wendy's a freak and we will never see a he will not over never. He is nothing on bro. He just don't have the impact. And hype is different now these days too.


Hype is different. Pressure is different. Pressure ain't as heavy as LeBron. Nobody else would have the responsibilities or pressure for that. LeBron have LeBron save the NBA. Yeah. And they're not expecting win too. They expecting wi to advance the NBA. Yeah. Global marketing. Global. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. But we'll never see another LeBron because without LeBron bro. I mean I love Kobe. Kobe is that nigga. But the league was relying on LeBron James. Yeah, Kobe did. Kobe was cold. We not like as a basketball head. He like Kobe was Kobe but he couldn't carry the league. Nah. Like LeBron Kobe could not have been the face of the league in an unfortunate time period when LeBron became the face of the league.


That's when the allegations and bro LeBron brought being cool to the league. Yeah. He like man y'all niggas just too uptight around this bitch. Yeah. But Kobe was more of a, like Jordan made it cool. Jordan had a personality that was fly. Yeah. Like you knew 'cause we couldn't, we didn't have social media. Yeah. So we didn't know if he was a asshole or not. Right. All we know was the commercials, the way he played the dunks, the shoes was fire. We all wanted to be like Mike, we didn't know he was a asshole. Right. As Kobe started getting better and better, you start hearing stories. Yeah. You get more media coverage. All this shit. His Adidas was ass. Yeah. Like he couldn't, we wasn't fucking with them. Nah. Not them crazy Ace.


We like ah they niggas warm off the strength. They was Kobe niggas wasn't looking forward to them. We wasn't the moon boots and stuff like that. We won. But it wasn't like we was, it was just Kobe. I feel it was, the vibe wasn't the same. But when LeBron came, he on high school, his high school game on tv. Yeah. He got the headband, his energy. He fucking with Jay-Z. Fucking the Hummer got the Hummer nigga. We all could relate to that. We all like nigga that's us. They had Brian at EBC shout out to my nigga time at EBC. You know what I'm saying? That was it. That was lit. That was lit. Kobe. We just didn't feel like we could relate to him. Yeah. Like we didn't. And Kobe was hella serious too. Kobe was like nigga you gotta work hard to be here. Yeah. And he also, his dad was in the league.


Yeah. So it was like we knew you was born to play basketball. Like not saying that he didn't have to work hard. No. Obviously he worked hard but we knew like damn you came from Yeah a hoop. Brian came a single parent, his mama nigga got the Hummer in high school get in trouble. We like Oh he a trench baby. Yeah nigga ghetto. That's literally all my friends in high school. Yeah. So we like For real. Yeah. So we fucked with that more than for him to it swagged way. He played headbands and shit. Like Kobe ain't had no accessories. Nigga like nah he didn't, niggas didn't want the Kobe nappy fro though. Niggas was all tapped in with that. But nah nigga shot. Hey good, we, we talk about bro a lot on the show. Bro had that bitch in seventh grade on my mama. Oh. Kobe package was laid.


But so far it's like the, the impact niggas feel like they can relate to. Just Brian whole story. Fuck his game. Niggas never try to hoop like Bryan. It is just like bro he is a personable motherfucker bro. Yeah. I felt like, I felt like I could beat Brian because they was mad. Nah, you was tweaking but niggas I was tweaking. Niggas was mad because you was a hell of a basketball player buddy. I was tweaking. Yeah, I, I, listen trust me, I knew I was tweaking. Yeah. But, but I just felt like nigga damn like you hooped in threes too. Yeah nigga everything. Yeah. I thought I could like bro. Yeah. I was like damn bro. I could be like bro. Yeah that nigga from like Ohio. I'm from Indianapolis. Nigga, why don't you get a Fame? Why you had to like Mike Berry?


I thought I could be Irishman too. Okay. Boston Irishman was my first. That's a, that's a crazy blood. Yeah, I'm saying Iversson. I my, my older brother put it in my head like, you short, you have to play like this nigga. I didn't even know who Allen Iverson was. I thought it was a fake name. Damn that's swear. My brother used to get make up nicknames all the time. Yeah. So he used called niggas. J do just make up niggas like he was EB, C or something. So he was like Nigga you gonna play like Iversson. I'm like nigga ooh that's hard. Where you get that nickname from? He like, nigga you don't know how Iversson is. I'm like nah. He like real for for context Like nigga how old were you niggas when Iverson was at Georgetown? This is 96. Oh okay. Yeah he was baby T. Yeah he 96.


I ain't nigga he like, he gonna play like Iversson. He do this crossover and that's how I started watching. So then he get drafted, I'm like damn I wanna be like this nigga. He get braids, braids, iversson and bro is a crazy B blend bro. But then I'm saying we got high school, you see bro. Yeah. And he like, that nigga ain't too far off from my age. Nigga like Yeah because Brian your eighth grade year he seen. Yeah. It is like nigga I could be bro nigga if I grow like, you know what I'm saying? Shit like that. I just didn't grow. Nah. So that's when Sebastian, when I seen Sebastian it was like yeah you, yeah you was more Dar watched and nah I was better than him. I was better know you was very nearest Washington High school. Yes nigga. I just was, I was just from Indiana.


Talk your shit tea bro. I'm telling you. I went from, I I ain't gonna lie bro. On my mama bro. Love you bro. You was raw bro. But just to say it like that I just, I I give it to you but I don't like how you said it that I'm gonna give you. I'm getting Darius Washington if you watching bro. I swear to God and shout to my nigga Sauce Tyrone. Everybody we used to be on that shit bro. That nigga Darius Washington was special when we, when he went to go play Bassy bro. That was a big fucking deal bro. Yeah. I would've killed him bro. I was just from Indianapolis. Hmm. And we ain't, I went to a high school nigga where everybody on the team was fucking raw.


Yeah. Like we ain't had no bum. Niggas like No that's true. These niggas played with niggas that was ass. Everybody on my nigga eighth grade, our team was the number two team in the nation that was right behind St. Vincent. St. Mary. Yeah. So in night when I got there as a freshman we had six, seven niggas going deep. We had a n NBA A, we had Courtney Lee on our team as a freshman. I can't remember who was on DY team but Shab had some niggas on his team too. But I I get it. I get it. Who they had a went, you had two NBA niggas when I walked in school bro. But I understand that you talking about teams now I'm talking about player versus player. Bro. Derrick Washington used to hold his own bro. He's a little nigga bro. Yeah. 30 a night bro. I'm not saying that bro. Saying 30 a I went to a team in a school where nigga the system you had the sugar ball everybody average 10.


Yeah. Yeah. The system was the system. No, absolutely. Everybody was nice. San Antonio spur. So I didn't know like I was nice 'cause our team didn't allow you to be nice like Eric Gordon as a freshman average 20. Yeah. You know what I mean? We knew like, damn that nigga a problem. Like, but I used to think I was so far off of him because I didn't average 20. I'm like damn I only getting eight nigga nine. But I didn't realize nigga I only play 14 minutes. Nah after eight. So then when I realized it, like I go to a B, c, D camp and I'm ranked zero, I'm not ranked at all. And I go from not rank to 50 in a weekend. I'm like hold on. Nigga's not that good. You no you did your thing.


I'm just saying like I'm imagine if I bro, I play for a mom and pop a U team, shout out to no excuses and I play with all my friends that I grew up around. I go, I play on a one a a U circuit with Indy heat one year go to a B, c, D camp. I go from never ranked to 50. I think also in your excuse too, if you would've got to go play in New York City, like the way that those guards played, the way you played, the fact that you could shoot and dribble just as good as them, you would've had crazy exposure. Yeah. I think my nigga would've excelled out there. I'm just saying, I ain't sleeping on Rondo, Darius, Washington, Bassie, what's my other nigga? Who else I'm thinking about? But Rondo was fired though. Like them niggas was cold back then.


Them in high school. Just high school alone. Nigga Raymar Smith and them nigga was nice bro. They was nice. I I played Raymar Smith though. Like they was nice. I'm not saying they wasn't nice, but say something about it when that happened. Like it when Rios, I, I No, no, I'm, I give everybody else. No, I'm but that's what, that's what we talk about. I'm not getting, I gave you that out the gate. I said Bro, you always that No I'm not taking you're they watching them. They older than me. I'm not taking Edwin. I'm just telling you real. See them. I used to be like, nah, because Corey Luc and them had a name. But you was better than them for sure. Yeah, because I, when I played them I'm like nah, I get that bro. That's crazy.


Cory Fisher. I was like nah. I used to think nah it used better Cory Fisher. But I seen but they was number 10. They was absolutely like number 10. Absolutely. Absolutely. But shout out to them, they was good players but I used to just think they was so much better. 'cause you used to read about Yeah and then when I seen Mike Conley, I'm like, like Mike gets cold, but like he not Well Mike averaging 11 and seven. Yeah. And I'm like, these niggas averaging 40 points. These niggas no better than Mike. Like, you know, I mean Yeah. Evan Rios was down near Austin Rivers in Florida back in the day. So it is different. That's when you say that with Mike too. 'cause everybody was just like, you see everybody else's like, oh yeah, Mike is fucking way better than them. And he'd be chilling. Like if he really was on that, Mike would really be right high. No, I think bro would've been like, I just, I didn't like the energy.


I'm just telling the Teig and Lincoln High. But I, I I I wouldn't have, I wouldn't have been, I would've killed New York 'cause I like niggas that killed New York. Like Kimba Cole, he killed them. Niggas is cold. But the ones that killed Kilt, they were really good step. Sebastian's a really good player. Yeah. Lance Stevenson's really good. Yeah, bro. Sebastian was, tha in high school bro. Yeah, Kim was really good. But like I played against some other dudes that was from New York and I was just like, they they famous like Paul Paul Harris, bro. 6 4 2 15 bro. Cold Johnny Flynn. You used to dominate niggas bro. But them niggas are the niggas that went and like Paul Harris was a undersized player but he was cold. Yeah. But Johnny Flynn was cold.


He went to the league top five pick like, I get it, the niggas that was cold was cold but it was some niggas that had a lot of hype that they was just okay. Nah. Yeah. Right. You right. Damn my bad. I have some nerd shit from back in the day. My fault though. Nah, I love we acting on that type of song though. Yeah. You, you definitely deserve the credit bro. A lot of people ain't, I'm looking for, I'm just saying like, you not looking for it but you deserve it bro. You but I, I like, I I would've had a good time against Falls against Darius watch. I would've felt very comfortable. I don't think you would've, I'm saying this, especially my senior year. T would've got off his shit bro. Darius Washington gonna kill too. I ain't saying. Yeah I played Derrick, Derrick was called Eric Gordon my senior year. Darius Washington was nowhere near Eric Gordon. No, hell no. That's a different prospect bro.


That's what I'm saying. I'm just, I was very comfortable in that game. Nah, I don't think you was scared. I'm just saying I don't like, don't like your energy like and all to bust his ass bro. I would've, he'd have got his shit back. He might've killed too. I never said I was stop shit back. He was going, he was number one. He would've left like that little nigga got a problem. That number 80. That nigga damn man here. Little nigga. The funky braces all know what I mean? That nigga special. Oh yeah. Shout to D Wash man. I hope you doing well. Whatever you're doing right now bro. Love. Yeah shout out to him though. For sure man. Hey people ask me in the comments be here on your, on your chef side. I want to ask. They said Super Bowl party. What should people whip off if they got guests coming over? Man, what's your idea? Super Bowl situation? Well depending on the building, your family family always sliders.


Okay. Always rot tail dip for sure. Always. Chicken wings, any type of assorted chip is good. Is the baby sharp meatballs acceptable at the Super Bowl party? If, if they there teagan them had some one year. I don't even eat that shit. Yeah but they had some one year that was pretty good. Oh you don't fuck with pause, you don't fuck with the baby sharp meatballs. Nah, I don't eat that shit bro. But bro and them had some one time at his house at the old five 20 that was pretty good. Okay. So shit like that bro. Just finger foods really any finger foods, you know what I mean? Fruit, you know what I mean. Keep your pH right. You know what I mean? Eat a pineapple hoe. You know what I mean? But Jonas Valentinos went to the Sacramento King.


Yeah. For a second round pick. How do you feel about that? They're about to have the Luther Way and national team Front court that say him and Saboni. I guess they raw bro. You fuck with that? Hell yeah. I'm not mad at it at all. I like that they might be trying to keep that team together then. Okay. They starting five damn near. All right. You got Malik Mon at the one. Zach been at the 2D ball. The three them two at the four and five. They don't got no shooting besides, I mean Malin Zach, but that's enough too big. Like well actually not s gonna come off the bench 'cause Keegan Murray still gonna start. Yeah, I like Valentino's off the bench. Most definitely. Yeah. You think the Kings still trying to have aspirations of doing something this season or they just, they just say face.


I mean getting Valenti that mean they, they going for it. Hmm. Because I don't know why you would get him if you was trying to like blow shit up or tanking or whatever you wanna call it. But to get Valenti and Zach Levine, y'all going for it? Yeah. Y'all going for it. I seen people tour are say damn the Kings is Starcy for a first round exit. They gonna do whatever they want to to get the, get the playoffs to just lose. Nah, shout out to the Kings. Yeah. This trade deadline's been crazy. A lot of stuff we thought was gonna happen has not happened yet or may not happen. But we also didn't think that Luke was gonna be traded also with the Lakers. I seen they said Max Cleaver may not step on the court for them at all. Yeah. It might be another piece that's going somewhere else. Yeah, that's a fuck. They need a big bad. I thought they should been, I mean for second round picks. I don't know why they wasn't in the conversations but I don't know if that fits like fits Luca gameplay.


Like you said you need a two foot jumper with him. I don't think unis is at the point of his career where he catching hoops anymore. Mm. Good pick up. That's how it got for the kinks for sure. I ain't mad at it at all. Good pick up because I thought it was spooky. I thought that it was gonna start tanking for real. But it seemed like they still trying to make a little push for something. Yeah because they, that's a decent ass team bro. That's not no Washington Richard Squad bro. No bro, that's because losing, losing Dion Fox is a huge hit to your organization. Most definitely. So they still got some valuable pieces. I fuck with it. They got a 2K team. Yeah, that's a team. I wanna hoop it a 2K. Everybody is a capable win who could shoot and drops to the basket but in real life, I don't know how that look. Yeah, before we get outta here, trade deadline will probably now it would be a little bit more before it drops.


I got any other ideas? Conspiracies on May. What may happen, which I think should happen. Does Jimmy stay in Miami? Yeah, I don't think he gonna get traded. Okay. Yeah just sit down bro. Yeah, I think it's quiet feel but it could be a blockbuster. I'm saying is that Brad said he cool. Yeah, Brad Bill, shout to my homie Black Trade. He was just like, it's crazy that Brad Bill turned into Devon George if you know, you know. Yeah. Oh yeah. Locking the trades. Yeah. I'm cool bro. Yeah, fuck all that. But they also said it's a possibility Wild theory that K could go to Miami for Jimmy. I don't, I don't, I don't think it's gonna happen bro. I don't even like that though for kd.


Shit. You might stay where you like Nah, they Miami Fire. If he go there they lit but they ain't no championship. I think he just wanna win, bro. I think it is better than the Phoenix team. Oh he go to Miami? I'm shitty because that can fuck the East Up. Yeah, I think they better than the Phoenix team and I think they, well they are better than Phoenix. Yeah, I think they, they can't beat Boston shit. They gotta, they can't, they got a better chance than that Phoenix team of beating somebody. But hypothetically he go to Miami. Who wins in the series between the Bucks and the Heat. Oh the heat. It's a, it's a good, it's a good series. Shit. Ain't ain't oh Sha but I don't even think the Sun's going to go any like do anything. I don't see it. But he might just be comfortable out there like I'm cool.


I'm just, bro, I'm chilling bro. Yeah, I don't got time for Pat Riley trying to do body fat. I would not wanna go play for Pat. Pat not at my big age, bro. Yeah, I ain't trying to do body fat. I ain't trying to be, even though I ain't got nothing shoot around. He said even though I ain't got nothing. Yeah he probably like, I ain't got time for that shit. Man. He tested Katie for body fat is crazy. If Pat Ride do that, he's a real psychopath. Yeah, yeah. Well you see he, he licenses out the three, the three P to the Chiefs. Oh yeah, y'all can tap in man. That's fire bro. Pat go home bro. You threw, you threw. It's a new age bro. I home and enjoy your life bro. Enjoy the mob bro. Y'all need to take some guys' trips. Shit. Enjoy the mob. Y'all all Finn to die.


Go enjoy the mob bro. I'm getting with the game bro. So Pat got a couple more free agents in it. Yeah bro. I'm wanna be hanging around these in these 80 entitled ass niggas bro. 79. These niggas is entitled bro. Pat is 79 arguing with 30 year rows, bro. Fuck home bro. You gonna fuck up my next month. It'll be 80 next month. Yeah, you gonna fuck up my comm over bro. It's time. It's time for him to retire. I'm not no 80-year-old nigga arguing with no nigga bro. Like come on bro. 80 and still doing this. Kind of crazy. Yes bro. Pat Riley was in the NBA what? The seventies? Yeah, bro, I'm nothing. I him arguing with millennials, bro. Don't like hoop that much, bro. Don't like hoop. It's probably, he probably overstay his welcome. Yeah. You see Coach K me? Come on man. I'm about to kick with my lady, bro.


I'm nothing bro. I pull up on shower here and there, but this ain't the vibes no more, bro. Yeah. Shout to John. Shots, niggas, niggas that I coach got grandkids, bro. I coach manager Johnson, bro. He don't, he don't got nothing but what? Nah, he got grandkids. He got grandkids. Oh, I'm just saying those older players, I don't, yeah, all I'm just saying, man, we doing so good too. Super Bowl predictions. This will be the last time we have a podcast before Super Bowl drops. We all got winning chiefs, man. I guess. But I don't really want the Eagles. I ain't gonna lie. I want the Eagles that we just off the strip for how Gil and m and how they treated Jalen Hurst.


Man, fuck it. I got the Chiefs. I I want the, I want the Eagles to win too. But I got Chiefs winning. Come on man. Have my home time man. Threepeat, talk your shit. Yeah, for sure man. Listen, we appreciate y'all tuning in, like share, subscribe, all that good stuff. We'll have some new merch ideas maybe up very soon. Be here to tell you if they drop. We'll be back next time. Cliff five 20. Love The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua tga ia and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.