
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself.


The volume. All right man. We back the episode of Club five 20 brought to you by Boost Mobile. I'm your host. My name is dj. Well same gang with me to my left. We got my dog Bishop B. He out the prayer release. How you what nasty Having family get to it man. For Sure, for sure my boy, You know what I'm saying? Twitter Hall of Fame right now. Doing stupid numbers man. Shout out to biz. Yeah, shout out to Biz man. You got my picture going up man. I appreciate the love though. But y'all gotta chill. Please chill or resurface all of our old clips man. It's getting wild. It's getting wild. I gonna say anytime they go back to the old 5 27, You know it's never good. I gotta be careful touching this. I said I was on some other, Oh yeah, the the BTS please don't post that nasty working. Start this episode. I tried to fix my mic. This come off y'all and I brought it back in the day. You want me to introduce you after that? No. Anyway. This show bro. You about Boost Smoke. Shout out to Boost Mobile Baby $25. You know the vibes to my right. My dog Young Nacho Young Te are you what man?


I'm chilling bruh. Fresh outta June ball practices, we, You know, back into the swing of thing. I To speak too much on the team. But how you feeling about June ball? June ball? Man, I just like to get the kids back in the gym. You know, see 'em, You know they be at aau. Bring some structure back to their life. You know they don't do no structure in aau, they just be having fun and then you can tell, you can tell. It's always funny 'cause I see young coaches always say it is like when your kids go to the grandparents' house with AAU high school ball. They's like I got all the bullshit you do in the summer and that's literally back in the winning basketball. That's the perfect shit. You gotta read this one again. That's a fact. And I like that. And they be mad at you because you like bro that ain't gonna work. They like, I've been killing aau.


I'm like bro, y'all know y'all wake up at eight in the morning and play a team who ain't did no scouring report. Don't care. They just coming out here to run up and down with y'all. Somebody trying to get 30. Yeah, if I be killing a U, that's that's, that's fake. Yeah. I promise nobody's really worried about wins lost in AAU at all. Only the undefeated team supposed to undefeated everybody else. It does not matter at all. But shout out to them man. They, it's gonna be all right. Show man. Shout to boys big season on the way. Hey man, I wanted to ask first things far as start off with the bullshit. Have y'all seen this? Please roll the clip man. Oh lord. He ain The barbers they struck again man. Who? The barbers man. Who? Somebody on barber Lord. Yeah man they, they getting wicked out here in these barbershops.


Man. What? So everybody with the beers man. Oh when they got waves? That's what Chucky put me in on Twitter. I didn't know who. I thought he had a Shay First of all, A low cty. A Beard Durag is already dangerous because that definitely looks like a fucking ski mask. But for you to have waves in your beard, just crazy. It's just laughing though A beard. I ain't gonna lie. He the Dumb just jumping. He got all the Murrays in that hole going crazy. Y'all gotta put this in the show so people will know that we talking about a Beard Durag. No for Sure. Please just clip a picture of him, A steal picture of him.


I wonder it was a thought process behind that. Like Told you niggas gonna get bored bro. They get bored bro. You wave up your beard. It is insane. He still won't go to the shop and shit. Okay. Hey when I found out that people was paying like a hundred dollars plus for like baldies, I said what we doing man, I would never pay to get my hair bald. I would just cut my shit myself. You can go to Miami and get the laser. Laser. Your shit will be balled forever. They'll take out all, if you got that motherfucker round about, they'll take all that shit out. Damn. Yep, One time. So Jeff, You know I know you soon when you said you gonna cut your shit off, nigga my Shit ain't soon Nigga. Nah. You said when you, when you said when You, when I'm 40 I'm, I ain't gonna ever go ball.


I'm with Kobe and I'm going to Turkey. Fuck I, I got money nigga remix. I'm gonna fight that fight. Are You really going for I'm some real Shit bro. My shit gonna be wo you seen motherfucker come to Turkey wo come back. Yeah I'm come back. They gonna be on that play with that swollen ass forehead. You Think you really go get a hairline though bro? Man Hell nah. I don't give a fuck that much about this shit. I about to say I'm married. Yo ass ain't going all way to tur. No bro. What's my shit? It is done. I'm done bro. The Lord give you what you got bro. Once it's done it's done. Y been saying boys getting the head tats now. Why y'all I ain't getting tatted. They got the head tat bro. That's crazy. Like the hairline but they getting some crazy Shit on there.


I think PJ got that bro. That shit don't look bad either. Oh, tuck? Yeah You got that? Yeah. That ain't bad. No I'm talking about like real tattoos though. Not just like the line niggas is getting like dragons and all types of Shit. Oh nah, no that's clowning. Just get the regular line though and get your shit cut down. Nah, niggas is out here getting the trias bro. Tattoos all over The head bro. I'm smooth. A nigga p got a permanent lineup. I fuck with that. Nah, that's hard. Yeah, if you have money to use it, that's whole point of it. Yeah, I I never, I'm Michael Jordan, this bitch You wear hats every day anyway. No I don't. I only wear hats on here when I'm gone. I be, I don't wear my hats. We went, we went somewhere Where You go? We ain't have on, you didn't have on no hat. You've never did an episode Vegas without a hat.


You didn't have On Hat on Vegas when we did them episodes. Oh, on the episode. Nah, had on for the Episode. Y'all probably had on but Y'all niggas legit need a hat deal. For Real. I've been trying to get one for no I got did you miss the whole point of the show? We Ain't, we ain't thirsty y'all but we thirsty. I been trying to get that was his first at some point what's the, what's the first deal I ever said I wanted? That's the first thing Said I need somebody to come to with I god Lids. I said seal the fucking deal. I wanna wear a hat. I'm gonna wear a hat every day since somebody gets a hat deal. My If dude starts sending us hat, I'm like hey it is working and we still ain't got a hat deal. Please Bless the crew Bro. But now we been out in Vegas. I don't wear, I don't, obviously I don't coach in a hat because We probably didn't do that over 300 episodes. NINGs to Wore Hat Diner every one of them bro.


Yeah, Shit. I probably wore a hat every episode As Majority between us not having the shoe deal and the hat deal is criminal. Yeah, I gave up on shoes. What would y'all want first? I just wear it was literally at the door. Oh shoot them me hat deal. I got enough shoes, I'll go buy hats, run the shoes. But it depends who the shoe brand is. That's a topic. I rather have a manufacturer. Imagine if it was A, A conglomerate, like a store that had multiple brands, store that got hats and shoes is A product. Let's let's speak this into Existence. Let tap in with us. No The best both worlds.


I don't know if that's but I'm r Kelly Fan. I'm the r Kelly fan. Don't the show. Look at it. Got r Kelly Song. I like jb, I like Jay-Z. Yeah Cab. Hey You know they never bring that up when they talk about live albums. I wonder why Fuck this man. I'm sick of that man because if I put it on, y'all gonna say something. You should have to Boost Mobile Man 25 Nationwide guaranteed 5G guarantee $25 for sure They want a next tell shirt. Yo I do Boost Mobile I five 30 tap in. Yeah they they trying to tap into that old Boost Vibes. I'm with the new Boost. I need a new iPad. I need Old Boost Mobile 5G. So when I travel, But y'all also forgot I can, they don't telling y'all first three months for Boost Mobile was $15.


Okay then go $25. Oh that's a hidden secret for y'all. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I probably didn't know that. I ain't know that that be because and the price don't go up after that, right? Yeah, Yeah. You grandfathered in Five piece, your First three months are guaranteed the $15. You know what I mean? Come On man. You need that, that official trione tapping in with Boost Mobile, You know what I'm Saying? Yeah. Out the gate Facts. Y'all fried. Man. I love what we do ass now. Shout out to the team. Nah, for real though. I, I, I'm really sure like I, I really want them to like, I'm gonna get a plan because I wanna do playback on the road. You know if I got that 5G You know nationwide I can do it at any time. 'cause people like low talking shit. Yeah I was, I was segue into something.


You a little fat fucker. Well What a segue. I told you I could beat me. I wanna get on playback little with low. His little chubby ass pulls. We gonna talk our shit 'cause he got me fucked up. But he did a breakdown basically saying like just because you a winning in the East, just 'cause you played against LeBron bro, it don't mean you gonna go out west and do your thing. I didn't say he was, I just said that we played, if we played that OKC team, we'd be all right. Yeah, he just, 'cause we played LeBron that if you can play LeBron, we got swept by LeBron. But I don't think nobody in the world as good as LeBron that plays basketball right now. Yeah, when he at that time, Yeah he took that way way left and just put y'all in the game and was like they'd beat y'all as bro.


Yeah. You know people that can't play basketball, they usually do shit like that. Mm Respect. I remember when you can't play it no more, you kind of coach it when you never played it before you talk about it. What is your real analysis though on that though? If you can't play basketball, you can talk about it. It's the truth. Nah, nah, nah. That's, it depends, but I'm talking about like the real matchup between you SGA ch No I, I don't think, I don't think I'm better than SGA. What I'm saying is we were a team. Yeah so we were a good team and we played against really good players at that time. They were, they're good, they're a great team but their numbers historically like are historical numbers but they're not playing against, what would you call the greatest players ever.


We just said us as a group said that our era was probably the greatest players ever. Like a group of players. Yeah. Like obviously Michael Jordan and them, whoever they ranked. But our group of players at that time, most of them are top 75 that were good at that era. That's a fact. What do you, do you think that team with you Al Paul or the team with you, Josh and Joe, which team you taking against? Oh, if it was a team with Josh and Joe and them with Jamal and all them. Oh we would, we would definitely beat they ass then. Yeah. But we just ran up a team against teams that were just too fucking like we played the Bulls with Derrick Rose. Right. I forgot to ask you that. Which team you would take against. Yeah. Now if I said my best Hawks team.


Yeah that is my best team. We had Jamal. Yeah Josh, all them. That was the best Hawks team. I was a young pup too, but I'm just that team, that team was ahead of his time. Yeah because we played small ball. Yeah. Like Al was the five Marvin, they all switched every ball screen. They did all that shit already. Yeah. So that team was made for this era. Yeah. I honestly don't see nobody on that team fucking with Joe. Hell nah. Too big too, Too crafted. We would man, he would've got that switch and posted shit outta him and we could guard him. We was the same size. Like they would've switched one through five. Like our switches wouldn't have been Rudy Gobert, our switches is Al Horford who been switching on the guards who was still switching in the year 76, 77 against LeBron James.


You know what I mean? And like that team was a fire ass team. I ain't gonna even lie. Even like when we traded biv and got Kurt Henrich, that's when Captain Kurt that was still a fire team. But yeah I mean I'm not hating on SGA and them. They, they raw, they nice. Nah You ain't hating. You ain't hating. That was just a topic that You know. Yeah but I, I'm gonna ride for when I play before I be like don't give a fuck. I can be unrealistic all I want. That's the beauty thing about it. I played Low D he just watched. Nah that's True. And they killed Low when he said Regina Mill was a role player, they was on his ass. He said wait, wait I was just playing his like nah fuck you. You can't take a take a step. What I'm saying, when you can't play you just talk about it and there's nothing wrong with it though. I respect it though.


Shout out to Low man. Shout Out to Low. Speaking of some basketball shit. I want to ask how y'all felt about this. I've seen, You know since Spurs might take Dylan Harper too seen a lot of people say, You know what I'm saying? It could be a fire scenario if he turned into Tyree Maxey and I was like that's den a fire ass player come and a little bit different than size. But what if that would be his trajectory That would be fire for the Spurs. He had never play like Tyree Maxey. You don't think so? Tyre Maxey a, I think he scored like that. He's a bullet bro. He is so fast. His thing is speed. Like Tyrese Maxey is a speed player. He get where he want on the court, he drive by you do those quick lay and he shoot threes. But you gotta respect his speed so much that you back the fuck up. Dylan Harper is like, he's not fast. He's like a Cade Cunningham type of player.


Oh I was About to say that. Yeah. More Methodical. Yeah, methodical. Big body, Jalen Bronson, Cade Cunningham, like usually body, well big, You know what I mean? Got good size for his position so for us. But like that's what he is gonna be, he is not gonna be Tyree Maxi. Hmm. Nah. Yeah I don't, I don't see that at all. Yeah. Damn that is tough. Tyree, they two totally different players. Nah, I just don't like that fit with the Spurs. Like with Castle being able to play both guard positions with one through three really And then De Fox being the franchise point guard I feel like. Yeah I mean he's a all NBA caliber point guard.


I don't see the run for Dylan Harper. Like even though it's a small ball, You know universe now NBA or whatever you wanna call it, I just still don't like it. Yeah because when people fail to realize Wendy's gonna have the all his hands too. Yeah he's gonna play. I mean but if Dylan Harper's there take him shit, I mean you take the best player available, most definitely figure it out. But for me, I'm going with something that like I don't got on my team that like I, I know what my team is. I know Wendy's my guy. Yep. I know De Fox is there. I'm gonna go with, I know Castle was there. I'm gonna go with something we don't got. If it is like a Derrick queen, whatever, somebody that I don't got, nah I That, You know what I'm saying.


Derrick Queen for sure. A complimentary player to them possibly trading them from two even. Yeah. Like if I'm not, if I'm not gonna trade this two and 14 to get a dynamic piece, if I ain't about to get some Giannis or KD or whatever it is, I'm gonna trade back. Derrick Quinn can come in and play right away.


Listen, the NBA finals are almost here and every play could lead up to the moment that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and most importantly the action never lets up. And with the Draft King sports book and the official sports betting part of the NBA, you don't just watch the games, you live it. And here's the gift for all you new customers. Use that code Club five 20 and bet just $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. But you only get that 300 if your original bet hits. That's Code Club five 20 for all new customers. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your original bet wins only at DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Okay have you heard about this last year Degree change of formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mix to per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself or You know, or even like vj VJ Edgecomb.


Yeah. Dynamic one athlete. Yeah you need some development but you can teach like hey you gonna be a good defender, you athletic, you can get out and run. We need somebody that can run with Dere Fox. You know what I mean? Castle, you 6, 7, 6, 5, 6, 6 Castle six seven. Y'all both can play wing positions. Spurs a playoff team regardless of the draft pick next year. Yeah, Most definitely. You about to have Victor one BNAs about to destroy the league next year and you got a supporting cast that's capable to win games. A little bit more experience. I don't know what they're gonna do with that pick. I mean, You know, maybe it is not enough ball to share pause. But I would like to see like even a Trey Johnson with them a solidified two guard maybe too high two for them.


Somebody too high. Yeah but But you trade back solid too. You got going forward, like you say you need another con, we don't need another combo guard with D Fox. You need somebody who put the ball in the hole next to him. So ain't a bad look but the one thing that Dylan Harper could be good at, 'cause Dion Fox is a scoring guard. Dion Fox be getting 25, 28. Oh yeah, he's a bucket. Dylan Harper ISS a scoring guard but he can facilitate. So if they look at him as like a guy that can be, he gonna be our point. Point. Yeah we gonna let Dere Fox run around and do his shit then it's different. Nah, I, I actually like when you brought up Derrick Quinn, I actually like him better than everybody that's available. Damn. Yep. For the Spurs. I like him.


I like the big from, I like the big from Duke. I wouldn't take him at two but just to give the African Yeah to give Wendy that ability to play the four. Right. Because skilled as hell. Obviously we know he can play the five but like when he play these teams with some bigger, like even though he guard yoic pretty well, whatever, but just have a chance to like stretch the floor. Still have a big that can bang and athletic. Yeah. He ain't a bad pick too. Most definitely. Sure. I want to ask how y'all felt about this. Some of the kids going back to school. A lot of the, the NIL has to play in it, You know what I'm saying? Shout Out to Carter man. Good choice. My boy. Going back to Pettiford, going back to Auburn some next Sandy Drive.


I wish he would've stayed. It was gonna be a late first round pick. Yeah go kill, go kill this year. Be a top 10 pick. He came off the bench, you ain't even start. So coming off the bench as a, you Had a good combine workout though. That's good. You impress the scouts now. They gonna come back. They gonna have you ranked as a high draft pick next year. Okay. Or you can be a top 10 pick. Yeah. Whatever it is now you go, you gonna have a chance to have a ball in your hand and play came off the bench as a small guard coming off the bench. That's rare. You gotta be so dynamic like you gotta be robbed I him. Yeah but I thought he, I thought You know that was his reason for going to the draft combine to show his shit and he went and killed all them niggas. So I thought that's why he was gonna stay but I ain't, I mean y'all say go back to school.


I I fuck with it. Yeah You gotta be robbed Dell him. It gotta be so convincing that when you came off the bench that it look crazy. Like why is he coming off the bench? Yeah, we didn't really say that about him. We'd be like better fur, You know like I said, every time I watched him I'd be like man he ain't do shit. You know I like every time you turn your head he play good every time. Yeah but he really did. That's Crazy. I know, but I'm just saying He legit did though. And I ain't trying to hate on the kid 'cause I think he can be really talented. I think he really, I mean he is talented. I think he'd be a really good player but it's like it gotta be so convincing like man it ain't no way this dude is coming off the bench and it don't hurt to go back to a, a good team where you, that dude now. So now you really got out there and get to go kill and you going back to two, $3 million.


True. You probably gonna get more money than You injured. He's gonna, he gonna get way more money than he was going get being the 30th pick. And that's why I was talking about the NIL stuff. You got a lot of kids who were drawn for the drafting since like the lowest they've had as far as declaring because why would I go see NBA and I'm possibly second round pick this NIO I'm getting a meal plus I'm gonna stay where I'm at. Yeah. I'm a I'm gonna stay here and hoop out. You got kids getting 2.5 on the low end? Yeah. You a 19th pick, you take it home 1.6 and after taxes you a hundred thousand there. Yeah, that's true. But I'm About to get 3 million from Auburn after Texas.


I'm still a millionaire and I get to go shoot whatever the fuck I want to and I'm to enjoy it. Yeah. He gonna go rock out for sure. Oh yeah. Go kill them. Fuck around He, he's gonna average 20. He gonna have fun this year. He's just so smart. I didn't know he was that athletic bro. He's super athletic. God he down this shit. Yeah he got, he got a lot of bounce. I said damn he more athletic than I was God damn bruh. Even like Carter not so we know that he's a hella athlete but just some Sure he was doing in that workout. I'm like damn. Oh I I've been he To come back to school though. Yeah he definitely did. He got an old man game. He, he ain't, he needed to come back to school. That was a good decision for sure.


Boogie Flynn going to Florida since he on that, that's far for him because he about to get to go hoop on a Polish team. Yeah Boy. I hate it though. You hate it. I Fuck with it. Me too Bro. I fuck with him as a player but I hate, I hate he went to Florida. He not no Florida name to me. He's more of a Yukon player than me. But that's just my thing. Not this Yukon. Not this Yukon. Not you talking about Ucon with Yeah, but I'm saying though a team like that, like he needs to, I don't know, I don't think he gonna be able to get his shit off. He gonna have to play team basketball with Florida. But what they did with old boy last year, You know what I'm saying? He gotta get his shit off all year and had the bigs maybe he seen that mode. I'm like alright shit.


Yeah but possibly, possibly they got other people coming though. Like the the kid from Princeton or wherever he went. Yeah he going there too and he was a scoring guard. He averaged number 20. Yeah. Yeah. And I ain't mad at him going to Florida. It is just like I've never been a team to go with the wave like Florida just won a national championship. They lose dude. I'm about to come fill his spot and if you don't perform like dude, it's gonna look crazy. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like dude, especially If you, that type of player like boogie you straight bro. You can go anywhere. You don't have to pull up like that. Like pulling up like kd you gonna have to fulfill them shoes bro. You know they had that bread ready for him too so they like hey you yeah you got faith in your boy you better hoop because Clayton just took us to whoever's name is Walter Clayton?


Yeah. He just took us to the chip. Walter Clayton was a singer. Yeah I guess that Niggas be old but I don't be knowing no more Rick on bro. Yeah. Damn. Yeah He just took him to the chip. Yeah and he killed, there was some tough shoes to fill bro. That's especially the next year fresh off. And we a school that's repeated before so we got expectations of doing that again. Possibly. I ain't mad at him. You might got a bag from him but I say but they probably threw that duffle at him. I can't be mad at him. Ain't a bad school to go to. You just to me. Got people fit you though. You gotta think also Arkansas brung in two guards. Yeah. He couldn't go back home. Yeah they took what's his boy Uff from?


He from Michigan, Detroit thing. And then they had brung in the kid. Malcolm Thomas I think. Yeah. But you don't think they had no loyalty to Nah he said they they coming. Yeah they coming in here. Malik Thomas. Malik Thomas Thomas. Yeah. Malik American. He's he's special. You talking about the point guard? Yeah. Yeah. Malik Thomas is my favorite, favorite player in the EYBO session last year. And o He played like a player that you would fuck with. That's what Yes. And OTE Malik Thomas. You get all the love on this show for me brother. He is dynamic. Dynamic. That roster spot was filled. Like obviously Carter, you see he, he could come back home but it was not the guard spot. The guards And then he still got my boy that's been there, his nephew.


Damn there. Dewan Wagner. Yeah he's not going. He's at Wagner still there so Damn he still in school? Yeah It was crazy. He's only a junior. Yeah he only be a junior. I mean I No, I just thought he'd have been gone though. Shit got different man that last year Kentucky got weird for him for sure. Basically just crazy like the NIL money. Like you gotta Denver get that bread. I ain't mad at people for it. But like you said the downplay, if you go to an organization or another school and it get wicked boy now you ain't got that. I'm just be scared when you, it's cool to go get the money. I fuck with that for sure. Go get that paper. But you don't want to get cold bro. Just don't want to get cold man. I don't know. I feel like people got a game plan for you now like oh boy Thad, whatever his name is Tyler.


Yeah. Yeah. That's when You know if you like that or not. Mm The everybody got a game plan. Like if you one of them you show You know a game plan. Everybody coming back to guard me. I You know that Every time I come in here they gonna double team me like Walter Clayton. Everybody knew he could shoot game plans, take him out the game. But if you really like that you beat that. It's like the NBA. We all know Shay Gil Alexander is about to get the ball and he about to go into this move. He about to do this and he still killed the game plan is a game plan but you gotta beat the game plan. Mm. If you like that now the ones that ain't like that, the game plan will take you out. Nah for sure If you got boxed in one.


Yeah, I remember when Steph Curry people used to box in one, Steph Curry when he was at Davidson did not matter and he was playing with nobody on his team went to the NBA, not a soul. They got real that That was wicked and He still was cooking and he was like that. That shit looked like a cheat code for sure. Yeah. When you got boxing one it was like that. Yeah. Damn. I don't Know. You get boxing one to kill you really like that. You getting boxing one in college, you good as fuck. I got boxing one. I ain't even saying it like that but I was just thinking about it like 'cause you playing with all people who at some point in their life was the guy But damn. I'm like how the fuck was they box one and you and you had a wi Yeah NC State did it.


Damn. Yeah, Maryland did it Because I mean Todd, I don't know if he really got, you had a whip bro. You had James Faru, he played with some shit. Yeah, We struggled shooting though. We had, we struggled shooting. Oh okay. You know what I mean? Like we had athletes, James was a good athlete. Uch athlete ish athlete at that time. They, You know, we didn't shoot the ball. Well I was really the only one that shot threes like that. Yeah. And I didn't shoot like a crazy amount of threes but I was like the only one that really shot threes. You Was you? 40%. Come on man. I lit my rap. You was 50, 40, 90. I I lit. I don't know if I was 50 but I I for sure one 90 from the free throw line.


Okay. I was probably like 75, 80 in college but I for sure was 40 from the three. I fuck with That. But we ain't shoot through, we wasn't a high three point shooting team like that. I'm gonna ask you this question. What should the average NBA player be able to shoot from the free throw line? Like percentage wise? 80 bro. At least 80%. 81. Huh? 81. 81% from the free throw line. The 80% fair? Yeah. Okay. But you gotta understand this is I'm showing love and this is, this gonna sound crazy. It's a pause though so, but I'm trying to give y'all real basketball people hands in the NBA. They be like three times our size. Oh yeah bro. So when they get that basketball in their hand, that shit be looking like a tennis ball in they hand.


You know what I mean? Like and they be trying to shoot a tennis ball like imagine trying to shoot a tennis ball a bunch of times from free throw line like that shit look crazy bro. Bro. Shaq look like he's shooting Skittles man. You know what I mean? It is like shout out to Lethal shooter. He be shooting a like that shit is crazy for them to try to make. I understood it like when I used to see some of the players on, I like why you can't shoot free throw? They be like man this little as ball that be, that's Why come in bro. Kaw Leonard. I don't know how he do that Shit bro. That boy that nigga bro Leonard Hands bros are, are, are retarded bro. Kaw would smack the shit off somebody bro. Nah facts. But I'm saying for him to shoot a basketball so efficiently like he does is insane. So Having to lead Midi with motherfucker oven MITs like that bro.


It's crazy like Dr. J Hands falls bro. He, it is like two of mine bro. Bro I shook his hand when he was in Vegas. Motherfucker scraped my wrist. Damn figure that's how you was doing all This. Oh no wonder he was up and under doing that motherfucker like this Grabbing the ball like when you can grab the ball out the ear with one hand like that. That's good. That's, that's what they doing bro. This is, that's that's crazy. This Is literally how they look at the basketball bro. Fact you said Dr. Dre and Mike decide to compare himself off camera. It's really out of pocket and I don't, I don't want hands that big bro. Oh You know who else hands was like that? Rayon Ronda. Oh Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah for sure.


That's why they used to say he couldn't shoot and all that shit. It's like his hands too big. Ray John's supposed to be six or eight bro. Swear to God his Arms where was at? Where was at his house bro. I said bro your hands are past your knees Ain't a nigga wear like a 4 15, 14 15 foot look. I'm like man you supposed to be six, seven. No facts bro. Torso little is full out to my nigga Raya. Man That's crazy man. It really do man. The A BA shit really different like it is bro as the game Yesterday somebody was looking down and some one of the old players came up, it was like damn Rick Smith was that tall like damn Dale Davis said something like yeah bro these are fucking abnormal human beings. You are playing basketball bro. It's crazy bro. Are you average niggas at LA Fitness, y'all be going too far disrespectful bro. I don't understand. That's why when I be seeing people like a Nate Robinson or Isaiah Thomas or special bro, like even sp we mugsy Bos bro y'all don't understand how talented and gifted them dudes are to be going against them big ass giants And being up.


Who else was Smile in the league when you was there that you can remember? You ain't Got Earl Boykin. Earl Boykins was like 5 3 1 75 a bucket. Wasn't even you played one? Yeah probably like one 60. He used to get buckets though. What You No he used busting as bro buckets bro. Bro Bunks was five three bro. He Was little as Shit. I've never seen him real. Yeah had be like if if he was anything he was 5 5, 5 6 at most Yeah was short as fuck. 1 75 and five five is crazy too. Yeah. Stronger has smoke. I ain't gonna say he was 1 75, he might have been like 1 55 1 but he was strongest. He bench pressed 300 pounds. He the second smallest player Ever in interview. How tall was he? Five five? Yeah I would say he was little as hell. Who was the, I posted him up.


Damn. Hold on. What I posted him up one game like I went to the block like Oh my god Nigga he five five. He stood up on you though. I didn't score but I went to the block like I drove. You know how you I drove trying to go by. Yeah And he stayed in front and I just turned like, and he was just right there. He was like, but he was so little I could shoot over him. Yeah but it wasn't like I was moving him. He was strong as shit. He was just like, I mean yeah a nigga five five guarding you definitely go to the block. Yeah But he was so short you ain't moving him. Like the reason I could guard Earl 'cause he, he was fast, he was quick but I was just as fast and quick but I was six one.


Yeah. So he would try to go by me and I wouldd be there and I remember one game he just kind of was like, his voice was little as hell. He had like a little voice like, like his voice fit him. He was like oh okay you okay I see what you're doing. Oh shit you should to Play a little bit. And then the next game he admitted me to death. He was hitting all mids bing off pick and roll Bing bing. I was like damn Earl Boykins bust your Ass. He did not bust ass like at that time I was only playing like 10 minutes a game. He probably had like six points in my 10 minutes. So I guess that's busting my ass. But he had six points. He I remember seeing him for 20, 30, 18 15? Yeah He was in Milwaukee. I threw his shit one time though.


'cause I mean Josh You know y'all know Josh Smith, he gonna gas you like that little nigga going to bust your ass. Alright. You keep fucking with Earl man nigga nice Because Earl and God Denver fired. Look how Little he little his head lady, Mike Little his shit He was hooping low tie ones. Was he? What is That? Nah that's probably some a the Steve Nash joints Because I'm about to say he golden if he hooping in the woods. Low tie. Yeah he was a, he was a wizard. Yeah he played the wizard, played franchise, played Milwaukee. I just remember his golden years with with Denver though. Yeah He was killing the damn ooh jersey bro. They had, they had all the extraordinary backup point guards him Andre Miller.


And I was just thinking about all the, if you played any Small guard guard, I hated Andre Miller bro Goat, he was so good at basketball. YMCA legend. Oh my god He Used to pick you apart. He pick everybody apart. Andre Miller one of the best BA point guards to ever play basketball bro. Mm. And you gotta ask real basketball people you can't just Yeah the fans gonna be like Andre Miller was ass. Nah, I remember Andre Miller, he is definitely nice. He had a great run in Denver too. Did he? Yeah we used to back and forth from one of my old group chats. Who was better between him and Sean Levison because my homeboy from Fre so he loved Sean Levison. He was like bro two of the best back and forth guard ever say bro they both cold for sure. But I'll tell Miller Yeah Andre Miller wasn't no backup. Nah until he was like year Oh yeah until later his history.


Yeah. 14. Who you taking though, Dre or Chauncey? Chauncey. I gotta take Chauncey. I'm gonna take Chauncey. I take Chauncey but it ain't, it ain't that it it Is there. Andre Miller was like They used to be me and my niece used to be Andre Miller and Chauncey like shout out to Sean, Sean was a killer but that was hard. I'ma I'm gonna take Chauncey 'cause he shot the three better but Andre Miller bro that post up his passing the Billy and the nickel was slow as fuck bro. Like you wouldn't even think he could play bro. He like look like yo yo wild cousin like Ball the Ball man gimme the ball man gimme that shit. He the old nigga at the YMA bro that always get picked up bro 'cause he got G bro come in looking like he just came off the ball.


He dog niggas bro. He bigger Than you. Yeah. Yeah he probably like six four. Yeah but he like his ankles was hurt. Knees hurt. He ain't brush his hair when he about to play he and all sudden he just be hooping. Nah for sure. That's funny man. We bringing up all the old niggas that everybody fuck with because I remember we brought up John SALs the other day and I ran across the HOL tape and I was like John Salman was so fine. He was like that bro he's A random ass NBA player. I swear he was nice though. Fucking Josh. I showed Love to niggas he was nice. Nah but that's what happens though. We we talking about all the old players we grew up on that to the young niggas. They like they old the kds LeBrons, they don't care about that no more bro. They care about the new wave bro.


Basketball perpetuates bro. So who who really the new wave though. That's the real question. The new wave. It is SGA. The wave gotta be. I don't think gotta be bro. He saved basketball for me but gotta be the MVP young MVP too. I love SGA. I just think it is the, I think it's still Ja Lalo ae I think they are the wave. I think they the wave but I don't think they How to play basketball SGA. But how many people are showing kids how to play basketball right away? I don't know. Everybody a trainer these days bro. Yeah trainer. If you work out with a trainer every day you probably ain't gonna be that good. I don't know why kids don't go play five on five basketball outside bro.


After I heard KD say something really cool the a meme a clip or something like that. I Think you about to say Yeah when he was talking about how he got better when he was in the NBA playing First four years in the NBA. Yeah By playing five on five better With everybody two, three times a day. Yeah Like that's unheard of of bro because that's How you learn how to pass, learn how to get open, how to create space. But when you play one-on-one with a trainer all day and then you go out and try to play five on five, there's nothing wrong with doing skill work. But when you do that it's all you ever do when you get out there you gonna try to do your one-on-one moves and you ain't gonna realize oh it's another nigga standing right here. Yeah it actually moves like You know that cone don't move, he actually like reaches at the ball and shit and then they wonder why they can't get they shit off And it's like well well tell 'em move outta my way.


Well they not gonna move out your way. Oh first like They play basketball too. K was like I played against all shapes and sizes 'cause you gotta get a real feel for the game. Yeah so even the sads that foul all day I need that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Facts. Yeah. So I can learn how to counter at least. Yeah you Got counters now where kids is coming in doing five dribble combos. That is never gonna happen in a real game unless you are the star player. Yeah I wonder if it's any kid in the world though that like host a open run. You know what I'm saying? Like I feel like we used to all just even pull up to the park going to the your friend backyard like hey y'all, we hooping today at seven pull up Kids don't play basketball like that no more. That is really a loss of art And that's why I think basketball is watered down bro.


Yeah Kids don't play basketball. Everybody plays basketball because of what it can get you. They Don't play for Fun no more. You say nah, it's what they can bring you. Yeah like oh I'm about to play on the EYBL circuit 'cause I'm about to get all the gear people going to be there, people gonna know me, I'm gonna be good. The clout, all that they don't play basketball just 'cause they like playing basketball. Damn. You know what I mean? Like I, You know I work with kids so you never gonna hear a kid, Hey coach can you just open a gym so we can hoop today? I mean coach never, I've never had somebody say you think they look At it like work. Yeah it is like Damn near. Oh my god we gotta go to practice today.


Oh my God. Like when we used to go to practice I used to be hype. Like I, I used to hate doing the drills but like when we about to play five on five, I'm turned like some kids now when it's time to play five on five it's like they too cool. I heard this is for I heard some kids I'm just out and about. I heard some kids say hey I'm not hooping today 'cause I had two games, I played three games this week so I'm gonna take a day off. Damn. And I was like damn man I would've never took, I didn't take a day off till I was like 30, 28. You know what I mean? Yeah. Damn like and when I was in the teens what y'all hooping tomorrow I'm there No matter where it was though.


Y'all come fresh off of au tournament outta town. Niggas cooling up to Butler Northwest Wherever it didn't matter y'all hooping it is gonna be some people that are hooping. It's hoop Target and park is dry. Every time I take my babies to my mama house it is little bro's. Nobody at the park no more. Yeah we definitely the old nigga saying this but shit, outdoor basketball is completely dead. Oh that's old kid. Never. They would never But that's where you find the, that's how you learn how to play. That's why kids can't pass now. Facts because I ain't playing with no old heads. It's like nigga gimme the fucking ball. Yeah bro, if you don't that is a fag bro. And if you don't I'm gonna beat your ass or you're not gonna play under the court. Yeah Now We ain't picking you up no more. Yeah. See now all the kids when they do play with old heads, they come out there and shoot and they be doing all trying to get they shit off and niggas be like man he he did, he not playing no more.


We not picking him up. And then they, they they dads or they homeboys or parents be in the stands like man we done done drove boy you ain't let let 'em get a chance. Like now when you a youngin you gotta play defense. Yeah. And pass that motherfucker to the older dudes and then they might give you a shot like shoot that young fella that's the one for you. Oh My mama. It's a pick Order. Play For sure. No matter how good you are. Facts. And I wish you would call foul these kids be one all this I wish you would call foul. You call foul bro they cuss you out. And I, I mean I know we didn't have trainers like back in the day. I just wanna give a shout to my nigga though on the pod like my nigga James Phillips, that's how he learned how to hoop bro. When we was kids bro he was literally eight years old playing in the grown man Dust bowl bro killing niggas.


So by the time he got to high school he was shit he was four. I mean the streets grabbed him but that's how niggas really learned how to hoop. Nigga growing up in our era For sure I played with my dad every Tuesday, Thursday and on Sundays he would pick us up. Yeah Like on his team like come on and he would cuss you the fuck out. Like I didn't understand like that was my dad NBA at that time. Them Tuesdays, that Thursday, that Sunday me everything bro. That was everything to him. So when I came out there not playing defense or not pass, You know trying to do my shit, he would be like you, I'm not bringing you no more because I'm tired of watching this shit. Like no. And they had to lose and get off the court 'cause of me. Aw bro. He going crazy. Nah for sure.


Like he boo said the same thing. He used to take him to play with Doman and Neil. Yeah. So that's different kids. I don't, I don't see that no more bro. It ain't really no it ain't. I Get that program shit going back again. I don't wanna sound like a old head 'cause I'm not an old head. But the love is like it is just a different love. It is like you cared and when you wanted to be good just 'cause you wanted to be better than a nigga from your corner nigga you grew like man James Phillips is nice. I'm like shit let me, I'm gonna be better than that nigga. He ain't. I swear to God when we run into them I'm killing that nigga. Yeah. It wasn't like I want to be good so I can post it on Instagram or I want a scholarship or whatever. It was just, I just wanna be better than the dude from my neighborhood.


Yeah bro. And You know what I'm saying? It's like nigga I'm holding hold my neighborhood down niggas one one threes bro. We about to dusty nigga, nigga about to my neighborhood. Get us outta this court bro. It's crazy. Like I wasn't even thinking about like the people in the nation. I'm just like man I gotta be the best player in Indianapolis. We Ain't even had no internet or nothing. Yeah bro. I'm like damn my nigga we was growing. I said bro we hoop every day bro. You 11 bro. His 25-year-old niggas that cannot fuck with you bro. These niggas who played in college because the dust bowl. All the old niggas that used to hoop used to come to truck parking run bro. He'd be dogging niggas man. So I don't know. And then I also like it is weird 'cause now You know, being a coach and being around kids, I would've never in my life posted like Eric go, You know how they like posted another dude highlight tape like I see you Boy.


Oh yeah. I would've never nigga. Oh yeah that dude be shot in that gang out for sure. Yeah they have shout out everybody like dude from anywhere Michigan anyway I see you twin fire. I'd have been like, hell no. Now they do show hell a look. Yeah. I've been like no he got a highlight tape. That's how we was. He got a highlight tape. Yeah. How like why, why I don't got one like I'm hating like and niggas Is trying to work on their Own and that's why I didn't have friends. I'm being for real like all them dudes like now that I'm older and I see 'em, You know you try to say what's up But it was never like love like James Phillips. Like we grew up playing against him. Yeah. Them niggas didn't talk to me.


Yeah. Dre Sherman, all them. They didn't talk to me like I used to be like man fuck them niggas like nah For Sure. And You know, I mean I'm about to kill y'all niggas. Yeah. And then they wouldn't, that's What they was on to. Yeah. They would never be like, what's up? We be at Nationals nigga, we the only teams from Indiana and it's still like, nah, nah. Like you'd be like we y'all who y'all play nigga mean streets nigga and nigga they keep walking like yeah I'm like Sterling Day was on their team. I was the only one he was cool with. 'cause we went to Scooter like Sterling. Sterling man. Sterling like what up? Like man, what time y'all play? Sterling don't do too much. Yeah. Damn. That's how they were. Corey Torrance and I know my niggas, My niggas fucking with us. Stay over there. Yeah. I swear. But that's just how it was.


Like I would've never ever in my life posted any of them niggas. I can give a fuck. They coulda had 25 offers from the best schools in the country. I would've been like, yeah they do it with the offers but all good shit. Boy I see you. I'd be like, man, niggas sad, But, and I I feel you bro. But the only reason why I kind of fuck with it is 'cause you, you just, all the kids are just crash out these days. So when they show love to Each other, nah that's a fact. It's productive as fuck. But I'm saying from like a competitive nature though, like I'm like man, he number one fuck that. Like I'm, I'm better. I bust his ass. I ain't gonna be like, oh you gotta rank number one. That's hard bro. Keep killing no fuck him. Yeah. Yeah.


Like, but that's why I like an and Ja and Dame Lillard and CJ McCullough me. Yeah because they got that in them though. Facts bro. It's always competitive. It's love bro. But fuck you in between these lines bro. Yeah, yeah. I want Your spot. I, but for me, that's why I had friends. It was fuck you all the way like Yeah even off between lines. It was everything I could, it went too far. I didn't have, I didn't have friends because of that. You didn't Have a switch? I didn't. I didn't. I didn't have friends like Phil used to be like why you do that? You know Phil, everybody like Phil, they like everybody. And Phil used be like, see you make people not like me 'cause I hang with you. Like we hang out every day and people Think you a asshole. I'd be like, man, I don't know if Phil was Another killer.


Yeah. Like Jay Mix. That's why mix my nigga. 'cause M will ride. Like I don't give a fuck how You know he fuck him. We be in a go to the game like yeah bitch ass nigga. And You know that shit hit different, You know what I mean? But we found that hit different so after the game they like, what's that shit you was talking nigga Mick like fuck we gonna ride like every time. And I was gonna ride with Mick niggas a club between like yes I was a bitch during the game. Right. Yeah, yeah. Like You know you kind keep it basketball like man get the fuck outta my face. Nah, Nah. Well I, I can't say the little dude tyrant Stokes is definitely you. Oh well Because he crashes the fuck Out. He cold. He's cold. But I hope that don't catch up to it 'cause he talks dusty niggas.


But I love that competitive nature though. Nah. Facts. Facts. That's a separating fight nowadays man. Like you said in a non-competitive world, the ones that send out this little od they they look different for a reason bro. Yeah. Do y'all think the NBA is competitive? Hell yeah. Yeah it's super. And one thing about it, niggas in NBA you competing 'cause you're competing for something different though. You competing for a check like everybody so you want to live, you like shit, I'm about to feed my family. So that competitive nature is something different in the league. 'cause you trying to feed your family Because, oh I just asked y'all 'cause the old heads was talking about how it's too buddy buddy. I mean now show Too much love like You know every generation before Denver feel like the generation after them is too nice or too soft.


It's just a real sequence. I ain't, I ain't when you get to the league I don't you don't gotta be like that no more. 'cause you gonna naturally like nigga I'm playing 'cause nigga I gotta feed my family. So when I get in between these lines nigga Yeah it ain't fuck you. I'm gonna play competitive 'cause you might be on my team next year. Yeah. Literally. Yeah like, You know what I mean? Like nah I see what you're saying. So it ain't fuck you. I'm just gonna be super competitive 'cause I'm gonna do my job 'cause I gotta get paid. Like when I was growing up I didn't think about getting paid. It was fuck you 'cause you said you was better than me, blah blah blah. Now somebody would be like, yeah you fouling bitch ass nigga quit fouling blah blah. It's like fuck you whole ass nigga. And you just keep playing. And then after the game good shit nigga like hey watch, Hey watch that bitch ass shit though.


That shit, you gonna have to chill with that but you don't give a fuck. But that's how me and Paul George was, he'd be guarding me. I'm like he's sad as fuck you soft nigga blah blah blah. He'd go back and forth with me. But I told you I couldn't cut it off. So when we got to his team, when I came to his team, I'm still the chats nigga. Like, You know what I mean? I remember what you said. Lord Jesus. That's what it was. 'cause we was competitive against that. Like Yeah but I couldn't turn it off. But then when it was time to turn it off, I couldn't turn it on. It'd be nice and shit. I fucked it up. All right. So that I, we hear now I'm gonna tell y'all what my real grief with the Pacers. Oh. Because everybody was like Wahe don't root for the home team here. Here it is. God. This is why Luis, this is why I don't root for the home team.


And it's not that I told you I'm not a, I'm not a fan of nobody. I don't have a fan of the team. But when I was with the Pacers I had, that was my favorite year of playing basketball. I always tell y'all that. Yeah this is true. On the court. Yeah, on the court. Paul George wanted to be traded. Well he didn't want to be traded. He did the baseball game. Yeah. Said he was gonna be a pacer for life and it came out report our after. Yeah. So I had talks with Kevin Pritchard and them they like okay like You know we're going bring you back. Not that we agreed on a deal or nothing, but You know how you just talk like they like yeah, okay. Yeah. Like at that time they couldn't pay nobody. Yeah. Like I was the only player they could pay 'cause of the rules how it was, they had my rights.


I was the only player they could play. And at that time Drew Holiday was the only player that like New Orleans can play. So I was in a competitor like whatever Drew Holiday get, I'm gonna get. You know what I mean? I'm like damn I'm gonna stay with the Pacers. They ain't got no point guard. This is like the perfect thing. So I'm like, I'm gonna take less just to stay at home. I don't even gotta get what Drew Holiday get. And we had the same exact stats down there and when PG said he didn't want to be here no more, he said we going to be, we tanking, we about to be ass. We ain't gonna get nobody. We gonna trade pg. We love you Jeff. It was fun. Like I'm sorry, we gonna go in a different direction nigga. They Trey Paul George for Ola Depot, it's a bonus. And nigga they are damn the top five team in the east to reveal sick k I'm in Minnesota sick like nigga I could have been at the crib with them niggas and they play how I wanna play.


They play it fast. It looks fun Teague. It is a bonus pick role with a Fed Generations bro. But I was, I was hurt. I was genuinely hurt like KP and Dar Ever Since then. Ever since then I've been mad at KP ever since then. And You know when he gonna tell me we played in Minnesota, he was like, I didn't know it was going play like this. You would've been perfect for this team. I look at that nigga like shout kp. I I ain't got over kp but I honestly bro, I forgive you now You, you, you my guy. You know what I mean? I'm gonna ride for sure. But I genuinely think KP said that from a genuine place bro. Nah, I'm not like KP dig. I know You know about it.


I'm just saying really When he thought about it, We did not know that Victor was about to be an old star in India. Knew Vic, nobody knew Vic and Sabone was about to come here and be that And clown Bro. And he didn't, he didn't even expect that if I'm being honest. Yeah. Because then we stole bogey for a crazy pick. Yeah. We got teed up real quick. Yeah, he didn't even expect that because it's Just funny You was a part of that shit. Yeah, but like when he did that it was just like, train Team get better. They like, lemme me walk and like, he just told me like, bro, we, we not even trying, we we can't. He literally said we can't pay you 20 something million. He Was look, get a bag. I was Oh my. He was like, we can't pay you. You can't be, he literally was like, you can't be the highest player on the player on the team. I, I, I said oh that nigga did the cla.


I told you was like, that's what I'm about. Get guys My nigga a hunter smooth. He told like you cannot be the highest player player on the team. Think back to the roster too. We had bad, after you trade pg you would definitely, I would've been the highest. That's a true, I would've been like by far the highest player player on the team averaging only 17 and seven niggas. He Like, You know what's so funny about this nigga telling Peach, come on man gotta kill On Page nigga like next you gonna be damn near MV Ain't nobody fuck with you.


Oh God I'm at the baseball game. Y'all know I ain't even fuck with money like that. I'm at the baseball game hitting like yeah That's some real shit. We gonna be all right next year. Well boy I'll never forget him doing that interview at the softball game. Yeah I wanna be any for life report coming out. Paul George from Crush Train I think God dang it nigga. Nigga Because I don't caught up hip pockets. I said damn Joe About to clear a hundred nigga. I went to the baseball game. You know we got, we we got like court, we got kind of cool at the end. Yeah. You know what I mean. Went to a couple parties together and it was cool. So I went to the baseball game but all intentions to be like I need to know if you're gonna stay here. So he told me, I'm like man you stay, You know just you stay in this motherfucker. Right. I bet he motherfucker love you out here. Look at this shit. He like man I can't leave this shit.


I'm like Yeah man you gonna be MVP man I see that shit bro. You, you really just now getting back bro. We started and found our chemistry bro. You gonna be that. You gonna be him bro. He like, yeah, yeah. I'm like I left that baseball game like ching ching. Oh man this shit about to be lit. I'm calling niggas like, yeah it's up. I call J my age at the top was like you talked to pg? I was like, yeah. He was like okay, okay. I was like, yeah think I'm gonna buy a new house. He was like, yeah. He like okay. Niggas Was preplanning bread. I was like, I'm telling remember I started doing remodeling my house. Yes bro. I was like yeah I'm gonna start the remodel of my career. He Was, There was another remodel anyway Run.


I started to remodel. Next thing You know the Minnesota Triple. I was so confused. I Had, I didn't talk to him for like two weeks. I forgot what I was doing but I'm like this Nigga's gonna the terrible 57 million so fuck is bad. Like I got on the money in the world. But I'm saying that's just the inside. I Knew what he was about though. So that was about my, that Shit crazy bro. That's a real shit, y'all. The funniest thing about this is you look at the finals, PG is the reason why both of these scenes been the finals. That's a, that trade got us a bonus and s bonus trade got us our franchise and SGA is and OKC because of pg.


That's a fact. Shout out to pg. You helped everybody but me. No bad. This is the perfect time to insert BetterHelp. You need therapy BetterHelp. Oh we, We gotta for BetterHelp BetterHelp. I need therapy. I, I got therapy already. Nah, all you do. He said well you should use that Boost Mobile. You kp What's up PG said you here. What's up? Damn, I I man I wish you would've just waited till like July if he could've just let me sign that shit. I would not give a fuck. I would've been like oh damn man y'all could trade me at the deadline man. I don't give fuck Boost Mobile for that nationwide work. It works in Indiana and Minnesota. Happily. Yes. I was like y'all can t trade me at the dead line bro. I get it bro. I can't be the highest paid player on the team bro.


Shit, go ahead and t trade. Those conversations would be so funny 'cause people don't really like understand It is still like a workplace environment at the end of the day. Even though it's a lot of money involved, it's still a workplace environment. Yeah. Shout out to KP though. He was, he was the one thing I, I'm joking when I be like talking shit about the Pacers, I was hurt 'cause I wanted to stay at home. But he, he was always honest and real. Like he, when a nigga tell you you can't be the highest player player on the team, you can only respect it like Nah Face. He was like Yeah I like you. Like you can't be the highest K player on the team. No. That's a real shit. I was just like respect. I can't. Yeah. Yeah they should have made a way though bro. I wish That was so funny though. I was like this still going to be Minnesota. I just knew I was about to be APAC for the next 5, 5, 6 Years.


Fuck. Because I told him when he first signed here I was like bro why do you want to come home? Literally, literally I'm the only person that wants, that's from Indiana who likes to be Indiana. That's A fact. That play professional Sports because everybody jump shit. Yeah. Shout out to the guys. I ain't gonna name y'all because I ain't telling y'all whereabouts. But y'all ain't here like that. Oh no. Mm. Y'all not here like that? No, None of them live here. Oh Man, I live here. They don't. I gotta live here. You don't. This nigga said up shy, we got a family. This nigga coach high school basketball where he went to high school. He stuck. Courtney Lee would never See Lisa. You ain't gotta go. I'm not coming back.


Shout after C Lee. It Snows there. You're weird. That's what he tell me from, he tell me like, why do you want to live here bro? He's like, Like, he's like, like, like you're, you're stationed like this is where you stay. Yeah. You don't just have a home here. I was like nah, I live here bro. We gotta get that C Lee pod on the Way. Oh we got to, You know what's so funny man, I was at the game yesterday. People just like, yeah where do y'all live? I was like bro we record so much that we bro, we have to live here. Oh Y'all know people think we really from Atlanta. Yeah. 'cause of him shout Out to the man, He talk about Atlanta so much nigga. So when we be down there bro and I see people bro. They really think like that's our home bro. That's where I grew up really though. Like became a man, I shouldn't say grew up. Yeah. I turned 21 in Atlanta. Yeah.


Like all I know was Bankhead. No I'm just playing. No, I just commended you on some, on some real shit bro. Like I was in Bankhead with it nigga. I was in For making it through the NBA coming from where we from and you going to the NBA in Atlanta and starting your career and thriving like that bro. That a lot of niggas would've been able. Yeah bro. Bro, I, it's a blessing because we had some cool vets and then Atlanta was a city that kind of, it wasn't too much like, 'cause I ain't really, I wasn't a too much nigga ever in my life. Yeah. You know what I mean? We was here, I ain't do too much. Yeah, yeah. But even when I got to Atlanta, I don't, I didn't know all the shit you could really do until I got like 27, 28 and you like damn you could spend that much money tonight babe.


I never knew that because my vets did a good job. Like yeah. I never paid for none of my first two years. But when I started realizing how much a table could be. Yeah it was a, it was a hip hop awards. Never forget hip hop awards and the table was $10,000. Yeah. You that stuck in your hip. And I said somebody's paying $10,000 to sit in a section that I paid for yesterday for 1500. Yes. I, because I called back, lemme get that same section from last night. I had a tomboy. He said yeah it's gonna be 10 bands. Woo. I said huh? It was 1500. That's, he like, buy in there tonight. I said yeah that's how And that's back in the day y'all.


I told y'all Atlanta is cheaper now. Yeah. Way cheaper than it was back then. That's how That worked. 10. Damn. I called, I called four niggas. Y'all trying to put in the league. That's nasty. They all rolling though. Shout to my dog everybody man. They was like, they like if we split the table, man. That's crazy Man. We split that motherfucker full Away. Shout to Josh. Man. I partied on your dog before too. Me too. All the time. Shout out to Joe Josh a real One. Joe. Joe made me look like a star on New Year's. Shout to my nigga Joe. Man. I had all, I had everybody from, I grew up with Indianapolis at a New Year's party. Nigga in Joe's section took that bitch over.


We was so many of us in that motherfucker. Joe said man you got it dog left nigga we in that bitch with all the bottle chicken, wigs, everything. Swear God He, I said damn they they broke the bill. I was like, oh he did me like that. Like dude was being funny like man go your bill. I was like, oh no, no, no, no. This Joe shit. He like Man Joe already paid for it dude. I was the kind of nigga you was. I was like hell nah, aint that nigga shit. He's like nah he already paid for it. You good. I'm be a nigga. You won't find nigga, nigga about to run out to be fine to me. Motherfucker. Hell and local news point guard Jeff T runs out on Bill. I don't know if you could run down in Atlanta. Mother motherfucker might fold you up. Boy I would ag thems gangster.


Get that 10 back one way we show I'm gonna run off on CVA cash. What weekend though? I'm just playing in my eyes. Run off the plug. You go see him at your next event. It's crazy. Yeah. That's a shout to my nigga. What else happened in the world? Man, that's some Minneapolis shit for sure. How you see a 26 coming back July 10th? Yeah. Oh they bringing a new another one out. It's gonna keep going. Yeah, they hopefully they gonna get to the basketball. That's the next plan. Mm. What they bringing out? NCAA football. That was probably one of my favorite games last year. They brought it back. It's been gone a long time. I was a March Madness nigga bro. They they, that's what they trying to do. Yeah. You know I'm saying they might get that in 27 as long as I Can make Alabama NM Duke, I'm cool with that.


Yeah. Create me and all my niggas. That's what I used to do bro. I used to build the School I didn't like, I like, I like college football Last year they gotta do something. Man. I liked it. It was cool. It was cool. I ain't gonna hate. Nah what's the, what's this The big adjustment between playing that and Madden? Yeah like Madden was so different but like the reason I like college football though. 'cause it made you feel like a kid. But like, You know how we played the game. It what nigga? You could run the, you can run the ball back and do crazy shit. Yeah bro. Like Madden now it's so damn realistic. You try to be, yeah you gotta damn near be really good. You could damn near be sad and NCAA ain't win 'cause you could do some fluky shit.


Fumbles all type of shit. But like it was like a video game. See I like it from the point 'cause I would just building programs. I'm out here recruiting, I'm doing all that shit. That's The fire part about It bro. I ain't doing that. That shit is tedious as fuck bro. Story line. I fuck with that Though. Ain't with shit. You wanna talk about turning your team to a powerhouse bro. It takes man hours bro. I love that bro. Doing that shit on March Madness. Building that school for four years bro. Yes bro. The co Go ahead. The team and your players get better every year too. When you the The coldest player on March Madness ever. Was Lamar Odom when he was at Rhode Island? No. What? No nigga. What's my buddy from iu? Bracey Wright Wasright was the Cold Nigga ever on fucking March Mad?


Nah, it was Lamar Odom at Rhode Island and the Ugly African nigga number 33 from Yukon. What the hell is wrong you doing Man, nigga at Bill. Bill you is a dick. Hey Bill. Bill talking about him love the Pacers. I don't know Bill. Him Is crazy. Hold on. That's crazy. Fuck false. I had a funny joke. Let go. Why you laughing like that Mike? That's Crazy.


Cookies him die. That's crazy. Is crazy. Call This at him as well man. Shout to the pronouns That man shout out to. Why nigga be a cause of the old college family. Shout to the college family for sure. What? What about the big three man, what you talking about buddy? But what's funny about the CA shit is now bro, when niggas is mad they hit the transfer portal. Oh yeah I hate that. So, so if y'all tight end, they get enough catches. He was like I'm in the portal. That shit, that's hard. That's hard bro. It's, it's stressful bro. When I'm trying to get a program, niggas won't touch it bro.


Yes. I'm only playing six minute quarters bro. Everybody can't get touchdowns. That's Hard. I only play, when I played NCAI only played with Miami. That's the only time I ever played with bro. No matter the year I played it was always Miami. No, Not for sure. So you would've been, you would've went to Miami if you played football? For Sure. The Uud days Only. Only my nigga, I don't give a fuck up. I play lacrosse pickleball nigga. A basketball you to you. I am a hurricane bro. I seen that Uncle Loop documentary Super Coke. Where I get in bro. Coy co jersey. Man Bro. Don't putting in the body Program bro. Man, the Rock, Warren, SAP, all these goes went there bro. I'm tapping in. Nah, Come on bro. You see the mix tape bro?


They had the bars off. Miami was fired bro. Yeah, because I only played, I wanted to stop there. Like if I really wanted to play football rock out, I probably would've Florida State, Alabama. But I know what I'm there for. What you there for for now? Real, for real old me bro. Ain't no way. Yeah My red shirt the first two years, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. First last two, it's Up. You make it outta Miami bro. And go to the NFL and be successful. You the gold bro. That's fuck you the gold. That's, Well they had a dynasty bro. They was putting everybody in NFL and everybody was cold. Yeah, yeah. Everybody was cold. A lot of them players was Hall of Famers in Denver? Not borderline bro.


What was the, I think he died, man. The safety. He did die. John Taylor? Yeah, Sean Taylor. Sean Taylor e Lee bro. Yeah bro. He was, he the second best safety of all time in Miami. Cold on the game bro. You know who the first one is? Who? My favorite football player of all time. Don't play with him. Eric Reed, bro. Mm. Not mad that at all. Reed. That nigga is one of the, Eric, Eric Reed. He's My favorite football player. After I heard Peyton Manny talk about Eric Reed the way that he played football. Yeah, I, I could never remember. That was my favorite football player all the time. I remember I got a chance to meet him, talk to him on a Zoom call. That was the F like my second time. I was like starstruck And I was like damn. And he ain't even give a fuck. I'm like man I kept telling the Jay L.


Nigga he was on the Zoom with us. And what's the linebacker to play for? The Luke play for the Panthers. Luke Keekley? Yeah, he was on there too. And I'm kind of, I keep like texting Jay L. Nigga like man you Think you get a air read jersey for me. He like, ask the motherfucker. I'm like, you think I get a jersey? He like, yeah I could do that shit man. Hell yeah man. Let me know man. I text he ain't never text back. Still wait For the Was Cold. One of the coaches I remember last a couple years ago, he was trying to get to that school and that's bullshit. He said hey. Yeah, yeah. I ain't gonna waste my time man. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. Cold another cold motherfucker safety with his high school. But that nigga Jeremy Finch from our city bro. Shout to Jeremy Finch. Yeah he was, I I, I really thought he was gonna be up there.


If You know, You know legend from the city Bro. Man bro would've made it to the NFL. I really think he would've been up there with some of the greats for Sure. Yeah. You talk about you going to that Miami team. I'm trying to go fuck with that Florida team. Nah. Yeah, that's What I'm saying. But he was on that team with all the killers. T both oh s the twins. Yeah. Menez, that's the wrong word. God. Well they did it but There's three documentaries. Nah, was shout to Jay Finch though. He made that team. They had a whip though. They had a whip. Urban Meyer bro had what? The wildest program popping at the side. I would've definitely fucked the Florida G in with my type of team. I was probably like a LSU player. I would've went to LSU which year though? Nah, no, no, I'm talking about Playing football like I was a top whiteout.


Like I would've been like Jamar, chase, Odell, Justin Jefferson, like I would've been with That Couldn't be me. I honestly wouldn't do. What's my boy that went to Texas a and l? Johnny Manze. Yeah. That's who you would've been. Yep. Go ahead. DN me Coach came music. What? What we at tonight? Johnny? Johnny Manon had LeBron James coming to Texas and go, Bro, I did bro. You know what's crazy bro? Beating Alabama changed his life so quick. I mean he was always solid but that went alone bro. Turned him the fuck up. He was going craziness. He was the Lamar Derma football bro. That's a wild comparison. They trying to, they trying to say, oh buddy Lamar Oman football now. Who? Stefon Diggs.


Oh no. You see that shit. He the future That's fucked up. Let's see. Going live and them. Damn. I tell you out going live and them fucking phones and that party. Look man, look real nice it fuck it, fuck everybody up. But I think bro was so in his zone, He probably just minding his business bro. But that's a hell if that was far away, that's a hell of a Zoom, bro. Oh that, that wasn't because it looked like she, whoever was recording was right there. She was, You know what I'm saying? I don't Think you really cared bro. Just The vibe bro. Just the vibe bro. She hit the magic and then Cardi on the Cardi on the boat too. Yeah, Bro. It's, it Is a party bro. Shit man, give him Miss Crown man. What we doing man? We ain't in nobody way.


He ain't bothering nobody. That Looks like an elite pregame to me. He just taking shit. The racial was very respectable that that was fired. Like but they trying to say The Pink, he had the pink candy. Yeah, They trying to put that Diddy out there. Yeah, they trying to put, I Thought that was Bubble Gum. I didn't know what Bubble Gum Steph? Yeah, That different with Bubble. I thought it was like her lip gloss or something. The first. Yeah. I didn't give a fuck. It's she her lip. All right. What? What it is like a tell? Yeah. I'm like who gives a fuck? Why y'all looking at That bundles and and he was giving it to her like this is your shit. Take this away from me. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Like little Sarah past Shit, he's innocent to me. Yeah, That could be an Edible outside Melted.


It could be a sativa. I'm talking about I had a pink one before They coach had to respond to it though. Y'all seen that? Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah, he had to talk about that. I'm like damn man, them cameras man. Sit your ass down. Whoever the motherfucker that was recording. Yeah. So why they got NDAs though, man? He Which phone? In the book in New England. So he, he can wall out right now. Yeah. Y'all need me? Yeah, he gonna kill, he do his job. We talked about that like when we used to, You know we been around some superstar people and they be like, Hey man, get that phone man. That motherfucker lock it up, lock get them to lock them phones up. Killer. Yeah because they, you might not, you might under your business bro. You ain't even on that shit bro. And we don't even know what it is. But to them to, You know, just they gonna assume the worst no matter what.


I don't want that for you man. Because shit, that's Who he is around bro. You around him. Foreign women, You know they, they powder puffs chill bro. True. If that, if that was four, if he had four sexy reds in front of, that's probably some candy for definitely some. So Patch probably just would've seen the smoke. But he had do Columbiana Shout to the import tariffs. Yeah. I can't do that Puerto Rican. No bro. Shout to the ethnicities. I can't do that bro. Why not bro, it look at it Mike, that fits the set.


It's kind like ah. Yeah I don't think none of them celebrate room teeth. So yeah, Give a Pablo t-shirt Man outta pocket bro. I can't laugh at this bro. He will be like nigga that's you like Oh I ain't, I ain't even t no that's see no drugs, You know he strict no drugs. Why cooler? I just saying He said cooler no drugs. That's cool. Yeah that's cool. I'm talking about just, You know, having your coach have respond for that first. Yeah. Like that's How would you respond coach If, if I had to respond to a player? Yeah I, first of all, I don't think he's doing nothing wrong.


I hope that's not nothing. Nah. Yeah we joking about that. Yeah, I'm just saying be like I just wouldn't want to, that's what I'm saying. I would tell them like, man you gonna have fun, you on vacation, you doing your thing. Just tell them Yeah I don't care that you got 15 girlfriends or you with 15 girls. I don't care. Just put the tell 'em to put their phone up. Yeah. Nah. Yeah. I just enjoyed the moment. Yeah. Before we got here I wanted to ask you this. I was watching Coach Carter the other day. I forgot when they won the tournament and then they all went out and party afterwards. I'm like if you the head coach you gotta go fight your team. What you on? Who me? Yeah man, I, I'm, I'm, I'm cool so I'll just be, I'll round them all up. I'll sit 'em down. I'll just talk to 'em like man what y'all on like what y'all, what y'all doing bro?


Yeah y'all trying to throw some shit away. You're trying to throw your life away. But I wouldn't like make on run the Initial convo gotta be calm. Yeah cool. You turn the book turn up on him on the next one For sure. Yeah, I wouldn't bro, when my nigga got back and found out that Grace was ass bro. No that that's, I'd be on that. He lost it all bro. He lost Out. For real. He Lost it. Nah, I'd be on that though. Like they grade bad grades bro. I'll be on that. Yeah bro, you playing with your future bro. Yeah I won't allow that. Can't get to college graduate but you man. Yeah I be on that. Them grades be here though. We a tell on nigga in a heartbeat. Yeah For sure. I call your, I call a period in Heartbeat boy. Yeah listen to here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Get on Bobby ass though. They probably hate you.


Had a good day. Not throw Bobby like that. He don't got bad grades but it just like nah you gotta step it up. We got a expectation for him. Nah for sure. You know he gonna be a D one athlete so it's like hey we ain't about to nah this how nah. Tighten up my nigga. For sure. And That support system is everywhere. Niggas think that. Nah, everybody's paying attention to you bro. Make sure you succeed. Hey it is so funny 'cause everybody look at us do a podcast, You know what I mean? They like ah y'all cool as hell. And then they like, You know you see the kids, they be like man you, you be clouding on the podcast. And then I'm the nigga that tell they mama on em. Fuck nigga telling all this. Yeah, yeah. John didn't turn his homework last night. Everything okay at home.


I hear him on the phone, John you ain't homework. I was like, they see me the next day. This nigga no coach. Swear. Swear he cool. Police ass nigga. Straight, straight. Feds be telling all of them. Swear he cool. For sure man. Before we get out here and be here telling people they can grab some merch. Shop club five twenty.com baby come on. You know the vibes, new flavors on there every week man.


Shout out to Boost Mobile. We appreciate y'all $25 unlimited. Don't forget the first three months are $15 for sure. Man you got that tap in. You need an extra phone one for your kid. Get that wifi, get your streaming going. Boost Mobile Got you tap in $25. Yeah unlimited 5G. You know N Vibe back? Yeah you ain't gotta have Yfi wifi five, you got 5G it's nationwide. Yeah for sure. You know what I'm saying. Respect. Yeah yo, You know what I mean. Use all that data. It's only $25. Tap in Boost Mobile we appreciate y'all be back next time. Club five 20 the volume.


Okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old s sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes. Its per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for Business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business Chase for Business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase Company.


This is an iHeart podcast.