
Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. Do you know, do you remember much about your grandmother? No. No. 'cause I iwo I wonder because your mom was this way and you say a part of you, you know, like you had to break a curse because you saw the way your mom was. And I was, it'd be interesting to know what type of agra what type of mom your mom had. I think everybody was uneducated. So I think my daughter was the first one to graduate high school in three generations. First one to go to college. That I can think of, that I know of. So, no, my grandma died. She was an alcoholic. She got poison with a corn look or some type of moonshine. So I don't know much about her.


I just know my granddaddy. You said that was one of your proudest moments when your, your daughter graduated high school. It was Because you didn't, you dropped out, your mom dropped out. You probably, your, your, your grandmother probably didn't go to finish high school either. What was that moment like when your daughter's, like, you see your daughter walking across that stage with a high school diploma? I cried. I cried. And you know what, let's back up before you get to the high school diploma. So I never got a chance to go to prom or anything like that 'cause I dropped out. Right. And so I have four kids and every one of them went to prom for me. I picked the outfit. I picked, I, I went all out.


I mean my, I told 'em what I wanted them to wear. I picked they card. I didn't pick they date. My daughter went with a bunch of girls. I should have known she was gay in. That should Be your cool off. My other daughter went with her best friend and, and my sons went with two young ladies and they allowed me to pick their dates and stuff like that. So I got to live that through them. And when they all graduated and I just said, you know, I did something. And my daughter Arianna, she has an, she has a, she has two degrees. And so, you know, I'm proud of them. You know, they, they're not convicted felons like me. They're not high school dropouts. They, they work and, and they do the things they supposed to do. So I'm all right.


I'm proud of them. You did more than all right. Yeah. They didn't, they didn't turn it to no Shannon Shaw. I, nah, nah, My fat ass son could have played football. But you know, I'm not that parent that gonna stick around when you ain't good at somebody. Bring your ass on. Now. My, my son played basketball one time. He was so horrible with Shannon. His shoe kept falling off feet. I said, boy, get them damn shoes. I'm going home and washing young and restless. I said, we quit. We quit. You're horrible. He said, what you mean? I said, baby, you, you only good at football. Go out there and let them hit you upside your damn head. Because that's what you good at. You like to eat. Miss Pat, what advice would you give? Because you'd be a, you'd be a great, I mean, you'd be great with a Ted Talk. You'd be great talking to young women that have possibly going through something or have gone through something very similar to what you've gone through.


What would be some of the advice that you would like to share? I mean, have you shared, I mean obviously you've shared your story many Times, But have you thought about like, if I get an opportunity to, to stand up in front of a group of women, a thousand women and share my story with them. Maybe they've gone through something similar and don't know how to move on, but maybe there's somebody that's going through something right now that I can help them with. What would you tell 'em, Ms. Pat, Learn how to love yourself. The problem with me was I realized I didn't love myself. Mm. I was too busy loving everybody else and nobody was loving me. So that was, that's one of the things I always tell people. I said, when you do so much for other people, then you're taking away from yourself.


You gotta make yourself first. When and, and when I learned how to love myself, that's why I was able to find a man that know how to love me. When I was loving on my kid's father, I was just loving on him. He wasn't loving on me. He didn't return that, he didn't reciprocate that. No, no. Reciprocate, reciprocate. Whatever word you wanna use. Since you wanna use these fancy ass words. He Didn't give, he wasn't giving back to you wouldn't give, I know what reciprocate means. I used to steal calls. I love a educated man. But yeah, he didn't give it, learn how to love yourself. Put yourself first. And you know, even as a mom, a wife, we still have the, you know, tendency of putting everybody else before.


Yeah. Sometime you gotta pull your wig off and shut that door and say, everybody outside this door here gonna go to hell today. 'cause it's all about me. You gotta learn how to love yourself. Right. When you first got in the comedy, miss Pat, did you, did you change or did, I mean, was your, your accent, did you change anything about the way you talked? Nah, I, I, I changed my act. You know, I did what everybody else do, a whole bunch of old sex stuff. And then I started to tell these stories about life off, story off stage. And people was like, you sure really, you know, look into telling these stories. And I had a, my neighbors and everybody kept telling me, you got crazy stories like Richard Pryor, I ain't really know who Richard Pryor. I didn't even know Richard Pryor was a chameleon.


So I started to look into Richard Pryor and buy his own CD. And I was like, you get all that money for telling your business. You know, because we grew up a lot of life. He grew up in a bron. I grew up in a bootleg house. Right. You know, he saw holes, I saw holes. That was nothing. You know, I've told that story about helping my special need uncle have sex all, all the time. That's what me and my sister had to do with holding legs back. 'cause he was crippled. So he went, he was crippled and so he would have seizures. I've told this story many times and my granddaddy thought if my uncle bust a nut, it would calm down the amount of seizures that he would have. Right. So me and my sister would had to go back there and pull his leg back 'cause he would cripple and he was special needs. Right. You know, back then we said to re he was retarded.


Yeah. So we pull his leg back, he get it started and my granddad give us 50 cent to go play Pacman. But you know what, back in those days it was normal. Go get Cesar naked and get him ready for the whole, he just be smiling. 'cause he really couldn't talk, like stop smiling all the time. He Said, what about to happen that what you supposed Do? The more he smiled, the longer it got. I'ma tell you, the first time I ever saw one outside uncle CI was like, that thingt look like Uncle C not knowing I wasn't supposed to be looking at Uncle Cecil's.


When did, when did you, when did you decide say, you know what? I think I can do standup. I think I'm funny because were you, I know you, you, you dropped out in like the eighth grade, but were you, were you funny as a child? Were you a comedian? Were you, you know, class clown? Were were, you were in school? Yeah. I had a Joan all the time. We call it Jon Joning. Yeah. We had a Joan all the time because I was a, I was a musty kid. So what my mama would give us by everything was monthly. She would buy the tussy. We could only get one swipe. So it was just enough of one arm. Yeah. So you knew not to use that other arm the whole day to keep it from sweating. So I was right-handed. So I would always put a deodorant up under my right arm. Right. Because that's my most active arm. Right.


So I would have to get people off of me, you know. 'cause we rode, we wore hand me down, we, my brothers stole from the Goodwill and we would just po hell. Right. So I would have to learn. I my mouth became a piece. Right. Y'all gonna get up off me. Yeah. You gonna get up off me. And I used to fight a lot too. Oh, I you fighting girl for making fun of you. Shit, I fought all the time at English Avenue Elementary. You better ask somebody because, you know, so when, when I was coming up, they used to give those boxes to poor kids. Remember the Thanksgiving and Christmas box? I hate those boxes. Oh. And it was five of us. all five of us was get the boxes. And my mama was so lazy, Shannon, she wouldn't even come up to the school knowing we got that 30 pound goddamn tuckie gotta walk him down the street.


So You gotta walk all the way home. Yeah. And he unth throw it on my side. You got him on your, you on your shoulder like a pocketbook, canned goods. So everybody be picking that up. Canned goods falling. 'cause a box wet red. And, and so I had to fight all the time because we was so damn poor. So you do like, you know what I'm try this call. So do you remember, do you remember the moment that you said, I'm gonna give stand up a try? Yes. And do you remember your first set? Yeah. So like I said, everybody said I had stories like Richard Pry, I go to this case worker and I'm, I'm trying to make her gimme more, I'm trying to make her feel sorry for me. So the first story I tell her, my granddaddy hanging us.


So my granddaddy hung us one time for stealing my aunt food stamps. And it wasn't no like, like no killer hanging, right. It was like five seconds. Right. He put the rope around the net mood and, and say who got the food stamps? I told on him, my caseworker laughed her ass off. She said, you've thought about being a comedian? And I said, she said, you a funny. So she would block off my, she was my, my Welfare to work program case worker. She would block off two, three hours just talking to me. Let me tell her story. She'd be in there with tears coming outta eyes. And I'm like, what do, she was like, you should really try standup. Are you gonna gimme an extra $65 book of food stamps or you just waste my time? She gave me a lot of stuff and, and she kept encouraging me.


And I got on stage and I came home one night with my wig smelling like cigarette. And I told my husband, I said, I'm a comedian. He said, take your ass to bed so you can go to Walmart tomorrow. And I said, no, I'm a comedian. I'm a comedian. And I just kept going out. And I You hooked that first time you got on stage and you heard that applause, you heard that laughter. There was no turning back with Ms. Pat. I Know when I get into something, when something is in it for me and I felt like something was in it for me. Not only the money was there, but the healing process was there too. So I just stuck with it and, and it, I'm gonna tell y'all something. When you choose a career that other people don't understand, it can really mess up your relationship. Right. My husband did not understand why I wanted to be a comedian.


And it really put some dents in my marriage. You know, I I I know he wanted to leave. Like I said, I was, I was stealing his credit card, flying out, doing gas spots. You don't get paid for no gas spots. You do not. And he couldn't understand. He's like, you not making no money. I said, I'm telling you, it's something here for me. Right. And I stuck with it. And that day, Kat, William call everything changed. Wow. Because a lot of times they can't see, like everybody wants the instant gratification. Okay. Right now, Ms. Pat you on stage and you doing this X, Y, and Z, but, and it was gonna be down the road and they can't see what you see because it wasn't their vision. That's your vision. When we, when I moved from Atlanta to Indianapolis with my husband job, general Motors and I, I I, I was determined to get outta Indianapolis.


I hated it. Right. I could not live. I lived in Plainfield, Indiana in front of the prison that Mike Tyson did all his time at. Okay. And that was the first thing they told me. Mike Tyson did it. I don't give a damn about no black man going to jail. I know a lot of black men's in jail. And I just knew, damn, you Gotta pen on prison right there on Morley. Thank You. And I'm like, I can't stay here. Right. And I told my husband, I said, just stick with me. I said, I'm gonna retire you. And my husband was like, girl, I got a pension. You can't retire. I said, I'm gonna retire you Shannon, my husband at the house right now. He ain't worked in two and a half years. Wow. Three years. I I looked at him and I said, it's time to leave General Motor. Right. We don't need it no more. My husband bust his ass for over 24 years taking care of me and them kids.


That was days he had to drag himself in the house from making them transmission in them calls. But now he just go and get the leads out the pool. He do white man stuff. And every time I look on our security camera and I see him, I say, I told his, and I asked him other day, I said, are you happy? He said, if only you knew Ms. Pat, you're very comfortable on stage. You mentioned earlier that your daughter is gay. Yes. She's, and you, you say you're very comfortable, you're very comfortable on stage talking about it. Did she, did you know or did she come to you and tell you, Oh, I shouldn't be eating ice. Damn.


I'm on camera. I'm sorry. No, no. You good. I kinda knew what happened. I didn't know my daughter was gay to, I bought her some Elan Harris book. He was a, it was, I was listening to V 1 0 3 1 day and they was talking about Elan Harris Frank Ski and that was a a, a author get these books, they're good. And so my daughter is a reader. Like that's all she do at read. So I said, I'm get my daughter these books, I didn't know they was a down low book 'cause I don't read. I done bought my daughter all these damn low books. And she just reading them shit. And I said, what the hell is in these book reading them while she at school, reading them while she doing. I said, what the hell is in these books? I pick it up and she on a thing about undercover gay dude.


I said, who the hell bought you these books? She was like, you, I said, I bought you this shit. And so I tell my husband, I said, I think she might be kinda suspect. And so when she went to college and she didn't come back home and then she started to run because I went to jail and I hated gay women. I hated gay women. I could deal with a gay man. I could not deal with a gay woman. And my daughter knew how I felt 'cause of the, the shit, the, the, the the mean things I would say around the house. And my daughter disappeared for three years. And I called her, I hit up on Facebook one day and I said, where are you? She was in Virginia. I said, call me. She called me and I said, Ashley, are you gay now I already kind of figured about then I just went hit outta my, she said, yes ma'am, I'm gay.


I said, so you sleep with women, you eat pussy. Could you be a little more subtle with it? No, I had to get right to the point. She said, yes ma'am, I do. I said, all right, well come on back to Atlanta. That's all they do down here. I said, you gonna fit right in at home. And it was hard. It was hard because I was raised a certain way and my daughter looked just like me. Shannon just like me. And that was time I see on Facebook. Well, and I call 'em the, and I would tell her, get my face off them. I mean, she liked them hard chicks like you, she like a chick that look like you. They have on pants, but they be looking like you.


So I had to learn to, you know, I love my child. Yes. So I had to learn, you know, I guess I wanted to, I guess I used to always joke about, say, I always wanted to teach you how to suck, dig. But you know, we, we ain't gonna never have that in common. And she say, well mama, I do it. I'm a d doze. And so I'm like, well I ain't gonna do it on your DD but you know, you gay. I love you and just come home. And I love my child. And it it opened my eyes. 'cause I tell people all the time, what you don't like a lot of time God will put that in your life and your life to make you understand you. What do you hate? Why, why are, are we judging people by their sexuality? My daughter is in a great relationship.


Yes. She found somebody to love her. My daughter ain't never been beat on like me. Right. Mistreated like me and she happy and I'm, I'm glad she Isn't that what we want for our kids. That's all I want for my daughter. Now I'll tell you, when she come over there sometimes 'cause she's so nasty, I make her use plastic. But other than that baby, she talk about vagina like chicken dressing. So I, but I love her and, and I'm happy that she, that she's okay with who she are. And, and as a family we support that. You told a story, told a joke one time. Like your daughter's a lot like you because you know the only difference is I dated lazy men.


She like lazy women. She, In the beginning she loved them lazy. and now she say, Ashley, just go over there and get your lazy man. They usually can't read. And they have really big packages you'll enjoy A lazy man will, will, will, will rock your world. They make you sound like your tape. I'm not calling you lazy, but I'm just saying it gave me flashback that day when I heard it on Instagram. Why You, you follow me? Yeah, I follow you. I'll block you. Don't block me. You learn how to work your damn phone. I didn't record that. You recorded that first. I thought they were ai damn AI is killing it when you can't clean that day.


I was like, whoa, Shannon Lord have my, I don't think I'm ever gonna be able to live this down there. I don't think you are, Shannon. I don't think you, I I don't think you are. I I, you know, as a woman, we appreciated that tape. We did then. You appreciate it ma'am. Don't you say nothing. You probably the victim. I'm just playing. I'm still playing. Had the situation had been reversed, let's just say you, your daughter situation. Do you think your mom would've been acceptable? No. No. That's all we heard was ugly stuff.


Sissy, the F word. We heard all those words coming up. Right. If you, you know, if you was gay with something wrong with you. No, my mama wouldn't have accepted that. How have you been able, because you have broken a lot of the curses that your family were stuck with. You've become more accepting. You've been be you've been free, you've been more kind, you've been more receptive to things. How have you been able to do that? I love my child. I love my child and I'm not going to, I'm not gonna disown my child for a sexuality. I mean, you see people stick by they kids when they know they done murder nine people. Yes. All my daughters doing they liquor.


Liquor. Why can't I stick by her? I agree. My and my daughter's happy at the end of the day. At the end of the day. And you know what's so crazy, Shannon? By me being a, I call myself a gay parent and so many gay people come out to my show and they don't have a parent like me who's understanding. I just last couple weeks ago, this girl was like, I'm so glad you talked about being your how much you love your gay daughter. My daddy is in the audience. He having a hard time accepting my brother or my mom is having a hard time accepting my sister. Why? When that person is happy, at the end of the day we all wanna be happy. Who, I mean they always talk about the Bible. You know, everything in the Bible to me ain't real.


And then if it is real, let me and God deal with that. Right. Because your ass gotta deal with some things with God yourself. Where they cherry pick parts of the Bible. There are certain parts they adhere to and then other parts they just totally disregard. Thank you. So don't cherry pick me or don't cherry pick my daughter. Right. Let my daughter let be happy. And I tell people all the time, they, they was like, miss Pat, how do I tell my mama, yo my mama wanna accept me being gay. I had a young boy come in my talking my inbox one day. She wanna accept me being gay. I said, you tell your mama you stop sucking dick when she stop sucking dick. I'm sorry you probably ain't had nobody cuss on that podcast that much. Nah. But you can bleep it. But yeah, but don't, don't come for me with my gay child. Right. And people like, oh it's so holy.


Half of the crap you do in your life is unholy. And who knows what's unholy. I had somebody tell me one time you go, we gonna pray the gayness outta Ashley. How the hell we gonna pray the gayness outta Ashley. I'm up here praying for Ashley. I can forget to forget to pray for myself and I go to hell and actually go to heaven. I'm not gonna be trying to pray no gayness outta Ashley. I got my own things I be doing all the times. I forged these white people credit card and stole them checks. I'm still praying for that. So mind your business. That's the problem with this world. We want mine out. We too. I won't we too busy trying To make, make in everybody else business. Yes. We too busy trying to make everybody do what we want them to do Or try to make people think that we're perfect And you're not perfect.


You're not, you're not perfect Because everybody, if you look at everybody on the internet, they got nice cars. They got nice homes. They're making tons of money. They on vacation, they, they're Lying. Did you see the boy who got the girl set him up and he got a Rolex in the pool and the Rolex was set him up and the Rolex was fake. Y'all better stop flexing. I mean I come from an era where you didn't show off your stuff 'cause you were too scared somebody was gonna come take your stuff. All they do is floss. That's all. And you know what Shannon, when I built my house, I did show my house certain parts of it. It is only because I wanted HGTV to give me a TV show. They ain't gave me no TV show. So I stopped showing the, that's the only reason.


Right. But I'm not gonna take you through my closet and show you the design of bags. I'm not gonna open up my bank account and show you anything. Right. But those are people that they ain't got nothing and that need to show you that they got something. Because I always say rich people ain't never rich. People ain't never gonna really be flashy. It's us poor people that's going to come out here and show you everything they got. I ain't gonna show you nothing. I ain't gonna show you nothing. I sure ain't going get no stack of money and put it upside my head. Then you breaking the house and it's all ones you done shot my whole family and shook my little dog I just got from Walmart named Lulu. I just bought me an OODA from Walmart.


You ain't gonna shoot my dog. Oh no. $800 worth of ones. I hear flexing because I'm 52. That's what we say flexing. Yeah, There is. But those are people that, that's, that's that need to prove something. I don't need to prove nothing. Ms. Pat, lemme ask you this for your audience. If you got a, do you change your set for a white audience as opposed to a black? Hell No. Your comedy. Your comedy. I said My comedy is my comedy. I said N word. I I do me, I'm not gonna switch it up for you. I'm not gonna make you feel comfortable. I'm telling my story. Why should I allow you to buy a ticket and come and tell me what you want to hear? You came to see me. I didn't come to see you. And you have a lot of black comedians that can't perform in front of white people.


My audience is, is pretty diverse. I got a lot of Trump supporters. Right. They were wearing my out yesterday. I posted that stuff. Oh, black woman, all this, they were weighing me out. Right. And I tell 'em it's about respect. You gonna have to respect that I'm a die hard democrat. Right. And I believe in what I believe and I'm gonna respect you. I don't have a problem with you the way you vote. That's what's great about this country. Yes. Well, I'm not gonna argue with you. No. I cry with you. I pray with you. I'll fight you. But we not gonna, I ain't gonna argue with you. Right. And you gonna respect me. That's it. And that's it. Yeah. You vote whoever one day, the will the peoples vote. Now that, that I tell a story about I have a Trump supporter that's, that's does my gutters right.


And show up at my house. He got a Trump hat on. The man had a good deal and he did a damn good job. Yeah. I done sent him over all my black friends' house. Because at the end of the day, you know, that's his job. Yes. And he gave me a service. Yeah. I don't, I I try to see both sides of everything. Likewise. And I got friends. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no. People vote for all kind of reasons. Right. Taxes, you know. Yeah. Some of them racism, some of them this whatever. Yeah. You know, if I, if honestly sometime my kids be talking, I'm a Republican, I need to vote over there sometime for the tax break. It about to be some nice tax breaks.


I called my camera, I say, Hey, the tax king just got elected. What you think can happen. Well the market, the market went crazy this morning. We'll see how long it runs. I heard you Joe Rogan. Joe was a comedian, does a great job with the UFC and the digital space. He's the king. He is. You're good friends with him. I am. So what, what, what's Joe like? Because you know him behind the camera. Not in front of the camera. Joe a nice person Joe. You know I hear a lot of things about Joe. People say he's racist. And I said no, that's not the Joe. I know he's a, he's, he's nice. If I ever need something he, you know, I can pick up the phone and call him.


Hey Joe, I can be honest with you. I can ask Joe to tweet out a show or help me with a show before I can ask a black comedian. And that's bad to say. When the pandemic hit two com, two people called me and asked me was I gonna make it through the pandemic. And one of 'em was Joe Rogan. Wow. And I said, huh? I said, no, I'm gonna be okay. He said, you, you, you good, you good. And the other one was Burke Chrysler. I said, no, I'm gonna be okay. I'm, I'm good now. One black comedian called me and asked me, are you gonna be okay? You you gonna make it through the pandemic? I don't even think we checked on each other like that. No, no we didn't.


I mean, you know, Joe, Joe because A lot of times Miss Pat, when we call one another, we automatically assume, oh you trying To find out something, you fishing. Yeah. Sometimes We try to You fishing. You ain't called it sincerely. Check on me. You just trying to Yeah, I know he ain't, Ms man ain't doing good. I don't know. Yeah. But that ain't how I took it from them. I mean No, No I'm not. No, no, no. I'm saying when we do that one another. Yes, yes, yes. You oh you gonna make it through this. I went, I went downstairs in my basement and started paying my house in Indiana. The whole time the pandemic went on, I remodeled the house. Right. I mean, but you know, and my daughter get on me all the time because she just see things one way. I see things down the middle.


Like when people be talking that crap about Joe Rogan. That ain't the Joe Rogan. I know right. He's a friend. He cares if I call him, he'll pick up the phone. If he can help me, he will help me. And I mean, there were times I asked certain comedians to tweet out my show and they wouldn't even do it. I asked Joe to do it and no problem Pat just send it to me. Wow. That's because, you know, we, we too busy thinking it's not enough space for all of us. It happens all the time. And it is, if I can help you, I'm going to help you. I wanna see everybody on top.


Right. I, it, it happened to me. 'cause I have a cognac. This is my cognac Shea by la Porter. La Porter is is porter. You wanna gimme a few bottles for my party? Yeah. Okay. I will. No problem. Y'all heard that? Yeah, No problem. And I send it to a lot of my friends now when they send me things t-shirts or product, I post it. I said my product, not one. Not one, not One. And I don't know why we like that. I don't Because sometimes we feel that if we get something, they lose something instead of, okay, well he got it. Like if somebody moves, like I don't look at somebody like I live in a neighborhood.


Nice neighborhood. If somebody black, oh what they doing over here? I don't look at it like that. I'm like man, oh okay. Somebody else got some money making enough money that can live here. I don't look at it. Oh, what they do here? The same thing you do. It's a nice neighborhood, nice school, school district. We well off. I don't know why we're like that Miss Pat. I really don't. Probably all the way date back to slavery. Probably that, that one that one nigga wrote in. Yeah. That made me in The house. You in the house, you in the fields. I'm better than you. I'm better than you. I'm light-skinned. You dark skinned. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's it. Every time we have a black baby, until we break those curses, those things are still gonna be spilled into our community. You know, I've had people where they have on something and they be like, don't you ever tell nobody where you get your stuff from?


Well then how is that company gonna make money? I don't care if you got on what I got on. Right. I don't care if we buy and do the same thing. I just wanna be happy at the end of the day for black, they say we crabs in the barrel Sometimes to an extent we are. Yeah We are. Now I'm gonna post your alcohol. You know, it was crazy because when Dion Cole, I saw you interview him. Yeah. Dion Cole's show was so good to me. Oh. And his show came out during the pandemic Babe back. I went and grabbed his show and I just kept posting. Y'all go watch this show, y'all go watch this show. And Dion Cole's like, man, you a real one. Nobody asked me to do that. But I did it because it was a good show and it was on the same network BT Plus with me.


And I wanted it to make it. And it came out at a time where we was just coming out of the pandemic and you really couldn't really talk about it. So I, I just went crazy and I was like, y'all go watch Dion Cole's show. I will put his show on in a room and just let it run. Because I wanted his show to get a second season. 'cause it was a good show. The same thing with the other show D in Detroit. Nobody asked me to post that. I did it because we look alike and we on the same network. And I want, I'm there and I want you to stay there with me and any which way I can. I don't, I don't want no part in the show. I just want people to know it's a good show out there.


And my show ain't the only good show over there. And Tyler Perry show ain't the only good show over there. It's other, they bringing in other producers and, and people to develop shows. That's also good. That's why I did it. And and BET was like, you posting other people's shows, why not? It is good. Right. But that's what I do. That's What you do. That's why you're so blessed, miss Pat. I ain't worried about nothing. I'm happy. What about joke, stealing? Because that seems to be, it is kinda like, it's kinda like a, that seems like a big be a a a a big thing comedian like okay, you could steal the joke but just give me credit. If you give me credit come like, like a song, you know, you can't steal my hook and so forth and song without giving the person credit or asking the person for that for a certain amount.


I don't have that problem. I'm too personal. You can't, you gonna say you got shot in Ted, you gonna say you got shot in the back of the head. People, they gonna automatically know me, your your daughter gay. Right. You know, the things I talk about is so personal to me. You know it's hard to steal a personal joke. Right. You know, and so I don't really have that problem. I see jokes stealing all the time, but I don't have that problem because I write for my life. I don't go out and try to develop anything. It happens. Right. And then I just go and tell a story about it. Is it true you used to fight, you used to fight comedians back in the day when you first got started, you fighting anybody Miss Pat, Lord have mercy. This woman here. I thought you said you had grew out of that.


Oh I fought. Yes. I used to fight quite a bit. Yes. You Like fighting. I do. I did. I'm too old for now. I'm going through menopause. I can't be fighting nobody now. Who did you hear that I fought? I ain't gonna say no. Damn. But I'm saying you fought. Yes. Yes I did fight 'em. I sure did. For what? Just being disrespectful. Okay. You know, having a very big ego. You know, at the time this comedian was blowing up. They they're famous now. I I love them too. But yeah, I sure did. I went on there and knocked the out of them. They call you fat. Don't call me fat. Ain't nobody gonna call me fat. Eh. No. You can call me and you might get away with it. You ain't gonna get away calling me fat.


Don't get my fat up and knock the hell outta you. No. Just being disrespectful while I was on stage and I'm, I'm open micing at the time. And I got up and knocked the outta both of them. I sure did. Damn it's pat. I was crazy back in the day. 'cause you know, I'd say my husband didn't send me out here for y'all to disrespect me. I'm not turning no tricks for, you know, a lot of, some, some comedians would sleep with male comedians just to get on the road. I'm not doing that right. I got a husband, y'all ain't gonna disrespect me. So yeah, I had to fight a couple times. There's never been a night this big on Friday, November 15th. Netflix and most valuable promotions bring you the highly anticipated boxing mega event of the year.


Jake El Gallo. Paul will go toe to toe in the ring against iron. Mike Tyson, the baddest man on the planet. When the disruptor challenges a legend, anything can happen. Also that night. A historic rematch between the bra bomber, Haiti, Taylor and Amanda. The real deal Serrano last time they met in the ring history was made and a woman's boxing was catapulted to new heights. These are the fights the world's been waiting for. Don't miss these epic showdowns. Live from at and t Stadium in Arlington, Texas. Watch Paul versus Tyson. Friday, November 15th, 8:00 PM Eastern, 5:00 PM Pacific Live on Netflix. You can also follow the Road to the Fight by watching Countdown.


Paul Tyson, a three part documentary series beginning November 12th Only on Netflix. This past show you've done for almost 40 episodes. You shadowed records even in crash. The BET plus app. I mean, what's it like? You have your own show, miss Pat show, you have a judge show Miss Pat Ju What, what's it like? Is it, is it even better than you even when you lay, like when you told your husband at the time before he was your boyfriend, now he's your husband, become your husband. I'm gonna have a TV show. Is it even better than you imagined?


You know, sometimes I, I guess yes. 'cause sometimes I, I, I sat on a plane and I think about the things that I've accomplished. The little old girl from the west end of Atlanta with an eighth grade education and been through the things that she's been through and I started to cry. So, you know, I, I look back over my life and, and I look at some of my relatives and I, and I know I could have been in the place they was in and I don't know what God instilled in me to make me so hungry on the inside to change my circumstance. But he put something in me to say, I wasn't gonna live like this.


Y'all ain't going to treat me like this. And you know, when I'm laying in bed and I can see myself on tv, I just smile. You know. And sometime I try not to take it all in, but I just really smile. You know, it took me five years to do Miss Pat show because they didn't understand me. A little young guy, Jordan Cooper come along and say, y'all holding her back, let her be herself. You'll get more out of her. And that's how the language became in the show. Right. And, you know, to, I'm just proud of myself. You know, I could have gave up, I could have got on drugs, I could have been, I could have been around here pointing the finger at so many people that did me wrong.


But I kept going and look at me today. Right. I used to, I always say this about my first kid's father. I said, gotta be careful how you treat people. 'cause what you think is trash, somebody else treasure. You work at Jiffy Lube and you love to tell people I'm your baby mama. And I'm so petty. Every year I get renewed, I make sure they put a billboard by his job 'cause he catch the bus. So I I was So that's his claim to Fame. Yeah. His claim to Fame is on his baby mama. But you know what Shannon? I look at my kids and especially my first two sets of kids and they know they, they was there at the crack house. I was selling crack one time.


We was shooting dice and these dudes started shooting each other. And my daughter grabbed my son and put him in the stroller and she ran down the street so fast with him. She wouldn't stop. I had to get in the car to go get her. And I remember, 'cause I sold drugs across the street from her school. And I said, Ashley, and she said, you gonna get us killed. You gonna get us killed. And my son was in PAMs and I'm like, I'm not gonna get you killed them back there. They just shooting. My daughter couldn't understand it. Right. You know, I was supposed to be her protector. So now I, I know how proud they are of their mother. You know, I see it in they eyes and when I'm, when I'm taking them place and I'm doing stuff and they proud of me.


And, and lemme say this, I ain't think I ever really had nobody, I I never had anybody to look forward to, to say I wanna make that person proud. But I always tried to make my kids proud of me. Especially them first two because they was there. They took on so much. My daughter told me Stop selling drugs in front of her school. And I was, and and I was so ignorant. I said, girl, I was here before the school. The the school zone police thing was, we gotta get you another school. This is my job. And, and so my my daughter been through so much, you know, she saw me get beat. She saw me get shot and to see her mama where she at today.


I know she proud of me. I know she is. Even after going through all that, did you think this day was possible after all the beatings that you were undertaken after being shot, after going through this being, did you ever think this day was possible? Ms. Pat? No. I, I I didn't, I I, I didn't know. I knew I wasn't gonna give up, but I didn't see all of this. I didn't see the tv, the two TV shows, the comedy tour, all the things that I've been in and doing. Hell, I didn't even see me sitting here with you. They just asked me on the Breakfast Club, where you going on Shaha? I said, I ain't going on that damn show. I ain't got nobody to talk about. And then I look up the couple weeks calling me, I'm like, Club, Shay, Shay. Yeah. So no, I didn't, I I didn't, I didn't know.


All I wanted to do was make enough money, legal and live happy. But when I met my husband, he allowed me to dream. 'cause I had it in me. Right. Just so many people had killed it. He lit that fire and say, okay, you can dream. How do you feel about people calling you the next Roseanne? Well, I mean, Roseanne was wonderful. She, she, yeah. I mean she was iconic. You was, she had a great show. She she did. I mean, and I, I opened for Roseanne one time in Vegas. Did you? I did a show called Real Funny's mom. Yeah. I I used to talk to her quite a bit until Trump first term. And she blocked me because I was tweeting all that crazy stuff.


Yeah. And she's like, you not for me, but I like Roseanne. I don't have a problem with that. But people also try to, and I, you know, I I think it's maybe just because of the size. You and Monique you get a lot. I'm sure you've probably gotten a lot of comparisons to Monique. I do. I did, but Monique done lost the weight and I'm still fat. How she look? Good. You okay? I mean you okay with your size? I mean I'm surprised that, you know, a lot of people have done that Ozempic or tried Zepi diet. I tried Ozempic. It gave me Gallbladders g Gallstones Gall Did it? Yeah. I ain't lose Ozempic. I mean nothing. Pic ain't for everybody. So I don't know if try You try Eptide. What Eptide No, I done tried. We Gobi ho Gobi yogurt.


I done try. So I'm have to try a treadmill for real because you know what? I even had weight loss surgery. I lost a hundred pounds. Nobody notice it. And it just stopped working. So I don't know. You like to eat? Hell yeah. I like to eat. What you think I got air in me? Hell, the hell is wrong with you asking me dumb questions. He literally looked at my big ass and say, do you like to eat? No, I went by the, I went by the gas station and put the air pump in my ass today Shannon. That's how I got blowed up. I'm sorry.


Stick a pin in me. I'm gonna be your size. No, but you know, sometimes people, You know, he don't date big girls Back in the day. Back in the back in The day. Back in the day when, back in the day when you needed a collar green dinner, You worked with Lee Dans on the Miss Pat show. Yes I did. And you know, obviously he and Monique has made amends. What's Lee like? Lee is great. He is great Lee. I first, how I got with Lee is I did a Joe Rogan podcast, a fellow by the name of John Rattler heard me on the podcast and called me into, imagine at the time he was a producer, executive producer and took me over to Lee and Lee said, okay, we'll develop a show.


I went through two writers and Lee found a current writer and created the show. I like Lee Lee would fight for for he fought for that show many times. Right. And and lemme tell you something, I had three deals on that one show and that usually don't happen in la Wow. They dropped it because the writer didn't work out. Then they dropped it again and Lee went to Fox and said, give me one more chance to develop a show. It's something here and got me paid off three deals that usually don't happen on the same show. Correct. And I got paid three times. I was okay. They had already paid me three times Shannon. And I was like, shit, I'll take your money going back on the road. Right. And he found that writer and he created a Miss Pat show. Now I don't think anybody saw that show lasting five season 'cause I sure did not see that show lasting five season.


And you know, Hulu shot the pilot and dropped the pilot and never forget it. Dropped it on Valentine's Day and Lee called me and I said, well Lee, I truly believe we'll find a home and BET plus call never heard of BET plus at the time. And they gave us the opportunity and that's when I told my co-creator, I said, you gotta learn how to mess with people who mess with you. And I was happy to be at the network because they understood being black in America. I didn't have to explain ashy, I didn't have to explain, you know, the black culture because the producers in the room was already black. So they got the show. Yeah. Now what They probably scared because we were cussing. Hell yeah. But it took off because it had never been done before.


So what did you learn about negotiating? Because like you said, you, you had the little thing at Fox and then Hulu shot the pilot. They weren't interested. They wanted you to change something. Right. Change what, As far as the, the language in which you was using, were you always gonna use the language? No, we wasn't gonna always use the language. No. They, when when Hulu picked it up, they took out a few of the good jokes that they didn't understand. Right. And I was like, dude, you taking out, you taking out the best part of the show and but to get the show pickup, we had to allow them to take it out. And so when, as soon as they dropped it, we put it right back in. But what I learned from, you asked me what I learned from negotiate.


This is what I tell people about Hollywood. You gotta be careful because you will walk in that door and you would get ripped the hell out. The first time I sold a Miss Pat show with a manager. I don't even think I had an agent. Well, the show got dropped. Guess what Sha Shannon. I wasn't even executive producer. It wasn't even create or Comedy by Right. I didn't get any of those credit. I was about to be robbed. I was about to get got, but God said no and stopped the show. Not once but twice. I got, I got an agent, Kyle, and he was like, you don't even have executive producer. I'm like, what? Executive producer, you ain't have story about all of these was my story.


All of that was my comedy. 90% of that show is me and the first three to four, three seasons show enough they changed all of that. So I'm so glad it did not get picked up when it was gonna get picked up. I don't even think it was, I I was nothing but an actress on that show. Right. Do you know I wouldn't made no money. No, but they don't tell you these things. Of course because they know when you a comedian, I mean they know when you knew you just want the money, money you wanna be on tv, you gotta be careful. You gotta do your business first. When you get into this, you got, I mean, the money going to come, but the money can't come if they stealing from you. Right. And even you making the money up front, you want the money on the back end.


The residuals. Yes. Yes. Because you get the credit for it. You get the credit for it. You points on the show. You gotta act. You got, you know, and this is why I'm so grateful for the dude who found me, John Row. He tells me everything and he don't have to. He tells me. And, and I think I got a pretty honest team, you know, 'cause my, my agent coulda just took whatever Fox gave them and he said, no, make it. They get a producer story by all of these things. I get four or five credits off that show. Wow. You gotta be careful when you go out there because these people will eat you alive Because they know what you don't. They know what you don't. You gotta ask questions. Ask questions to a p somebody who have already had a show.


So when you go in the room and you hear certain things, you, you know, you, you, you know what you're talking about. Right. Because if you don't, because that if I, it had the Miss Pat show went on Fox, the very first writer, man, I woulda got pimped. Yeah. Until I got that agent. And he said, no, y'all would not do this to her. If Ms. Pat could play in a movie, what would be the perfect role for you? I always wanted to do a buddy cop movie. Yeah. You know, like, like rush hour. Yeah. I could see you and Melissa McCartney doing a movie together. Yeah. Yeah.


All the, I cannot think of her name. The lady from one Day at a time. One day at you. You know who I'm talking about? The mama on one day at a time. The old, the new one that came back on Netflix. Okay. Okay. Oh, I'm okay. I can't, I think of her name. I'm gonna be so mad. Yeah. 'cause I, I remember one, one day at a time that was Somebody Google it real quick. So I can say that was What call Bonnie Franklin was at one day at a time, right? No, that Was the old one. You know, it came back with. Yeah, Definitely. But I'm saying that's the one that's Yeah. What's her name? The mom Rita. Huh? Rita? No, not Rita. The mom, the new one. Justina. Justina. Justina. Okay. I could see myself doing a buddy cop movie with Justina from One Day at a Time.


Okay. She's so funny to me. So that's what, that's one of the things, you know, 'cause women don't really get a, a opportunity to have a, a series like you know, bad Boys, right? Yes. Yes. And Rush Hour and stuff like that. You meeting celebrities now you a celebrity yourself. Have you been starstruck by some of the people that you've been able to meet? I just recently met Gorilla. I love that little girlilla. Yeah. I love that joke. That little, that little thug style thing. That's, I love hard Carly BI met her at BT Awards. I really wanted to meet her. But I, and I hate to say this because I don't wanna sound inappropriate 'cause this person is married, but everybody know I'm a big fan of Ice Cube.


Yeah. I wanna work with Ice Cube so bad and I be up there just oh ice cube's so cute. But that I've always dreamed of working with Ice Cube. I'm a big fan of Ice Cube for me and everybody. You know, I went on a cruise with my husband. They said, who is the celebrity that your wife, like my husband said Denzel was. I said, what the hell make you think I would like Denzel Washington? He said all old women like Denzel. Who the hell is old? Everybody know I like Ice Cube. Right. I've always wanted to work with Ice Cube. He announced that Friday the last installment is going happen. Would you like to be in the last Hell yeah. Ice Cube please call me. You can keep me away from you. But I would love to be in Friday.


I love Ice Cube. I know why I got Who don't love Friday, right? Hell yeah. I mean everybody about dad who played it anyway, he time for him to up smoke. So you gotta have some new characters. Yeah. Yeah. You need me Ice Cube. Call me, call me Ice Cube. I'm here Miss Pat, you could have dinner with four people, dead or alive. Who would those four people be at the dinner table with you? Whitney Houston. It would be Whitney Houston. It would be Richard. Pryor. Richard Pryor. Who else? dead or alive? I would probably push your pale there and Hmm.


Who else? Fred Sample. A Bernie Mac. Bernie Mac. Yeah. What have you, being in this business and being successful at, you've watched your career grow, what have you learned most about money? Investment, investing, taxes. You gotta pay a lot of taxes. You know what's crazy because, well when they started saying, oh you need an accountant, you know you got, because you know you just making money. I ain't gonna lie, I was making money. I ain't paying that. Here ain't then that eventually IRS say, Hey you gotta pay this. Yeah. So before the RS could say that my people got me with the right person to say, you gotta pay your taxes.


And the amount of taxes that I had to pay, I was fussing. Why I gotta pay all that. They don't know I'm black. He was like, they don't care. They don't, they want they money, they Want they Money, they want, they cut. So I, I, you know, I had to learn. Like I, I heard Kevin Hart say this many times. You gotta take 50% of what you earn and put it to the side for taxes and you know, you listening, you know, oh, you oh whatever, whatever. Because you not in that tax bracket. Right. But that is so true. So that's what I find myself doing that I don't ever wanna have an IS problem and I want to invest so I can leave my kids and grandkids stuff. Right. So that's what I do. I think we mentioned it earlier, but have you ever I've had, I think the hardest thing is Ms.


Pat, is that when we come up, people that came up like family and sometimes friends you, like they were there when you didn't have anything. So, you know, they're there for the long haul, but telling people no, and you have to, you have to, after you get to a certain point, you have to be willing to tell people No, That's hard. You know? 'cause they, they, they think you got it or they know you got it. And, and I have to tell my families and, and, and sometime my friends, I, I don't have it. I can't do it. Even if I got it. I have to think like this. Shannon, my husband is retired. We on one income. I have, I have my four kids. I have, I mean, I'm sorry I have two kids at the house.


I have four kids that I have custody of and I have a lot to take care of if I go down a lot. Go down. Yes. So I cannot, I can't take care of other households and, and I can say only what's on my ship. And my brother, I was talking to one of my brothers the other day. He was like, won't you help a bro? Won't you help somebody out? You got all that money. You got two TV show. I said, ain't what you think it is. He said, just gimme a thousand dollars. I said, well what you gonna do with a thousand dollars? I'm a i'ma, I'ma, i'ma invest it. I said, how I'm gonna buy me a house? What a thousand dollars? I said, I said, boy you can't even get concrete for a thousand dollars. You still smoking crack ain't. But he was like, well gimme 10,000.


I'm not gonna give you nothing. And I told my brother, I don't owe you anything just because y'all see me on TV and y'all think I got it. I do. I probably do have it, but I ain't got it for you. Right. And I have no damn problem saying no Not to waste it. Not, I don't because I got my own. I got my own family. And that's what they don't understand. Right. When, when Biggie said more money, more problem, he was not lying. And one of them problem is y'all the I RSS and I gotta always have they money and I can't keep they money in my titty like I do my other money because they gonna send somebody over there to get they money. Miss Pat, what's it been like growing up where you grew up? Now you in the burbs.


You got, you got a gate. You, you got a big house, you got 15, 20,000 square feet. You got a pool, you got probably got a guest house. I got a, I just did my pool house. I'm working on it now. See There. See there I know it. I know it. It's nice. It is nice to, I don't like walking the property. I said, damn, this, this a lot of land. I bought seven acres. Wow. And I built a, built the house on there was a house there and I knocked it down and I wanted the house to be a certain way. So I just decided to build it. My, you know, have contract it out myself. And it feels good, you know, to pull up in there and, and, and it feel good not to struggle. It feel good to pull up at my house and say this is our house.


It feel good to, and I'm not bragging to pull up in my yard and there's eight cars there. And some days I don't know where the keys are now. Want no car. It feel good to know things are paid off. It feel good to know that my hard work has paid off. You know, I've blessed my kids, I've blessed my grandkids. You know, that's my immediate family. It, it just, it it, I'm happy. Right. And I didn't get it by stealing. Lemme ask you, you, when you were working at McDonald's, I read that you served Jimmy Carter once. Oh no. Did he come through the drive through? He came in. He came in. He came in. Poor Jimmy Carter.


I always wanted to ask him do he remember me. I was working at McDonald's on Tar Boulevard. Okay. And I'm stealing not the register and Jimmy Carter walk in, I didn't know, I don't know nothing about no presidents. I'm just now trying to get my life back together. And I looked up at and I said, you look familiar. And, and he said, young lady, gimme gimme a cheeseburger or side selling a water. So the boy and the grill was like P Patricia. I'm like, he said that's Jimmy Carter. I look at Jimmy Cost. I told you I knew you Secret service fell out laughing. But you know, before they walk in a public being like that secret service coming first, they coming in his case again. So I'm thinking like, did I violate my probation or do they know I'm stealing? What the hell going on? 'cause he just looking all around.


He got something in his ear. I know a police and Jimmy Carter walk in and when I said that crap did Jimmy Car, that secret servant hollers. And I called my husband. I said, I met that Jimmy car. My husband don't say that. Don't say that. Don't say you said don't. You didn't say it like that. I said Yeah, I said it like that Because my husband is mob mannered. Well spoken, watch a lot of news, a lot of sports. He don't talk like he don't even curse. Wow. Ms. Pat settles it. You play a judge. Yes. Well you settle cases botch BBL someone getting catfish. What is one of the craziest stories that you had to settle?


A guy came in there and he was a nude chef. A n chef? Yes. Who he cooking for? Whoever hired. And Carlos Miller said the funniest stuff. He said, well what do you do? Do you ask your customer do they have a nut allergy? I hollered. I hollered. That was, that's one of the most memorable and funniest case, which is this season, the second season. That show came outta nowhere. Right. Me and my co-creator talked about a judge show and then we, I hooked up with Sally and with 4 95 and she helped me develop it. And I didn't know it was gonna do it. I didn't know people was gonna take it the way they did.


Right. And they love it. And I thank y'all for loving it and keep loving it so I can get a third season. You had Raya as a special guest on that, right? Yes I did. He's crazy. He is. Ray J is crazy more here too. He oh, Ray J called me one day and said, me, pat, I got, I got an idea for you. I said, what Ray J you should be a what? What is those? What are those, what are those women who be like young boys? A madam. Yeah. I said what the hell you talking about J? Yeah. You should be a madam and you should come on to young guy. I said, rej, I'm married. I can't do that. I can't be nobody madam. I'm 52 going through menopause. Rej, let me call you back.


Right. Did you see the story that Ray j and daddy's son almost got into it? Rej always is some mess, ain't He? Well you know what? I thought Ray J was on the news for real when he was reporting that about Diddy and Ray J don't look like no fighter. Right. And I, I was like, they gonna whoop Ray J. When I figured out it was a ski, I said they gonna whoop Ray j ass keep on talking about Diddy. And then next thing I know they in an altercation at a Halloween party, Ms. Bad, somebody that's spent time in jail. Do you have any what? I mean what advice would you give Diddy if he was in jail? I mean, because obviously you were in general population. You weren't a celebrity. No, he ain't in Gpop.


Well, he probably got it a lot better than I had it. Yeah. And I'm saying he's, I mean, but you know, it's after being around people for an extended period of time, you need to be around people. Yeah. He not around nobody. He probably not talking to anybody but the guards. If he's talking to the guards. I don't know. 'cause you know, people always ask me, have I been to Diddy part? I don't go nobody part, I go home. I mind my bed. Yeah. I, I'm praying did it for you. I hope you get out. Yeah. He got a family. I don't know. I don't know the whole, I don't get into it. I don't read the stuff on him. I don't follow it. I don't know. I mind my damn business. 'cause I don't know. I mean if some celebrity would've had a party, let's just say for the sake of argument, some celebrity had a party in, in Cali at LA or wherever and they invited me.


I probably would've went too. Now I probably would've went too. But if, if I walked in there and everybody was having sex, I probably would've left too. I've turned right and walked right up outta of there. I Probably would've, I know I would've walked right up outta there. Yeah. Yeah. Because the last thing I would've see is somebody having sex. Yeah. So, No, I don't wanna see that. You know, I, I don't know. So I wish you luck. I'm trying to keep my own clean. Yeah. So what have you learned about Hollywood being a part of Hollywood? You got two shows, you got two hit shows, you are on the road. What have you learned about Hollywood? Don't believe everything you hear. See it fake. It's fake. Everybody ain't your friend. Everybody ain't happy for you.


It it is, it's, it is not what you think it is. You know, it's, it is portrayed one way. Some of the most miserable people I ever ran into, you know, everybody put on this facade like they happy or they something and they're not. And and believe it or not, half of 'em struggling worse than you. Yes. But that's the biggest misconception that everybody's Oh, he in Hollywood and everybody got a big mansion and everybody got hit show and everybody making tons and tons of money and a lot of these actors and actresses struggling. Yeah. I mean, it it showed you when we went through that strike and, and you know, that's, that's, I look at a lot of that stuff and I try to learn from it. Like I saw Justin Beavers on there talking about somebody stole his money.


I watch my money, I watch my money and I ask questions. You not gonna play my, I have no problem calling you saying where the fuck my check at? Just like that ain't no, ain't no third party. I'm calling you myself where my money at? Get my money, get get my money and I'm not gonna send my money to nobody first I'm gonna pay you 'cause you work for me. Right. And what happened is a lot of times people are like, oh just send my money here and there and y'all pay me Uhuh, Uhuh, I check everybody, I call my bid. Explain this to me, don't you? Oh don't you go in my damn bank account without me getting a code saying you can go in there and I'm gonna ask you what you need. Right. Because I need to go in there with you. Right. Because I used to steal shit.


You think a thief going to trust somebody? No. Hell I know God going to get me back for what I did. Right. But you ain't gonna get me back. As long as I got two eyes and no cataracts. I be watching my money and I know they be like this a old untrustworthy to me. Hell yeah. You damn you ain't going to have me back at the PO house because I'm too old a prostitute and I'm too old to do them tricky things. Ms. Pat, what are your thoughts on plastic surgery? Should women get plastic surgeries? BBLs, are you okay with that? You know what, everybody look the same. You know, I, I mean who am I? The say I'm fat. They going, they go in the come be like, bitch you fat. You know, I ain't gonna lie. If I lost a few pounds, I would get my stomach cut off.


'cause I like to see my vagina before I die. But all this shit. But these black women running around here getting extra lips. Why you need lips? You black, you already got lips, you got, you got negro lips on top of negro lips. Right. You know, I, I don't, I and it's not, it's not real, you know, for the, the way they look and, but these are the bitches that can't keep nobody as beautiful as some of 'em are. They can't keep no man. So who are you doing it for? Who are you doing it for? I love Kendrick Lamar. He had the song say where the scratch marks at. Right. I was like right here Nick. Right here Kendra. But I mean, and it, it makes me think that sometimes, you know, women are just not happy with the way they look because of what social media has created.


I mean, do you, I mean, and I'm quite sure you had all types of women, Shannon. I mean how many times have you hit somebody from the back and their ass went up? They back and you gotta, you gotta help you, you gotta help her get that ass plant outta her back. And you gotta act like it ain't nothing but you. Like I don't really want that went flat on one side. I mean, think about that. And I'm not saying I'm not, I'm no, I'm no Beyonce. Beyonce is gorgeous. I'm no, you know, I got some issues. I got, you know I'm fat. I know I'm fat but I'm happy. Right. And, and when I lose some weight I'm going to get my stomach cut off. But I ain't gonna buy no ass. I got this from government butter and cheese.


You know my getting your neck people in here getting lipos on their neck, they people don't cut their nose down till they can't breathe no damn more. I'm like when is enough is enough. Yeah. You know, we, we get, we getting eyebrows permanent putting out put on and, and and it makes you, it makes me say as beautiful as black women are, when is enough is enough. When we gonna be happy with ourselves. Are they doing it to get a man or are they doing it to impress other women? Why would women get pro? Probably to impress other women. That's what we do because a man Yeah. Come on Shanny. How many girls you done slept with and they had they weed slid off? Okay. I ain't gonna lie Miss Pat, I gotta have a couple of 'em. Yos, I mean Bigger than you bit pat bigger Than me.


God, That was before the money that because I know you ain't lifting these kind legs with the money. Oh what's y'all, what's y'all gas off? You need to stay warm Before buddy it before buddy. Yeah but but you know, hey I don't know if guys like a person, a woman have to have a BBL guys. Guys, you know how guys are we, I mean some y'all like trophy pieces, you know, instead of just wives it's hard to be a wife now, you know, to just be at home and But do wives wanna be a wife? It is easy to say that. But do they want, is that what they want?


That's what I want. Yeah. I mean but that's not what everybody want. You know? And my and my husband, my husband fat too. Shit. He ain't gonna tell me gonna get no BBL when he up there. We both need A BBL And that's probably why I'm not pressured into, you know, into getting any type of plastic surgery. And I know y'all gonna say, oh she got diabetes for your information. I don't have no diabetes. I'm just chunky. And I gained a few pounds before I got here 'cause I was stressed out about the election. But I'm gonna lose over few pounds. Yeah. But you know, I think it has a lot just to do with people not happy with the way they look. And I'm not happy with the way I look either, but I'm not gonna do all that. Right. I'm not gonna go out. I got boobs so I don't have to buy boobs.


You know, I just got a little extra stomach. I don't need no more ass, you know, I don't care nothing about running down no beach in no swimsuit. I don't care nothing about, I'm 52. Right. I wear a Pantyliner Two, one in the front and the back. Come On Miss Pat. Come on. For what? Ask your mama. She wear two too. My mama 81. Well she on four. Shit. She got on two Pampers. That thing juicy, wet. Now you in your fifties and you blew up later in life. A lot of people have success earlier in life riding out. You had success later in life. Does it make you appreciate it more now?


Having success later in life? Yes. I'm so glad I didn't get it when I was with that first baby daddy. I'm so glad I didn't know this talent that I have. Oh, thank you God. Because I was a little girl. I was funny back then they said. But I'm so glad that I didn't become Miss Pat until I was married with kids. And it also gave me more to talk about too. So yeah. I'm, I'm happy. I'm happy I blew it while I was old. I'm gonna get you outta here on this one. Young mom, not your grandma. What is it like being a grandma? What type of grandma is Ms. Pat? I be cussing them kids out.


My grandson said I don't wanna go to my house. She be hollering at us all the time because you know I don't have to pay. Shut your ass down. See, shut your, you ain't gonna run in and out my house. Let my ac heat out my house. But I love my grand babies and I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm happy. You know, I told, I told my daughter-in-Law. I said don't have no more kids by my son. Y'all don't need no more kids. Don't let that man keep messing up your body. He ain't worth it. Fuck. Get your tubes tied. You got her tubes tied and three is enough. So it's a twin boys and it's one girl. So I love being a grandmama 'cause I look forward to spoiling them and sending them back out the door. Yeah. So you let whatever the parents won't allow them to do you let 'em do it?


Hell no. My, my granddaughter got a cell phone. Well I got four other kids in my house the same age and I got a 8-year-old and I have a, no I have 11-year-old and my granddaughter's 11. She got a cell phone. Nobody don't have a cell phone in my house. I don't play that because when you put that computer in their hand, they're exposed to the world. You know, my granddaughter literally text me this morning and said, oh my God, Trump won. Are we gonna be okay? Well the other kids didn't say that 'cause they don't got no phone and we ain't had a TV on. So she out there putting all of this negative and positive stuff in her head. It's just too much.


Right. It's just too much for a kid. A kid shouldn't be worrying about no Nation. Yes kid. A kid should be a kid. And I don't think my granddaughter get to be a kid because my son them gave her a cell phone too young. Right. Your Falcons. Y'all doing good. Y'all on top of the, y'all the top of the NFC South. You won like three, four games in a row. Just beat the Cowboys. Y'all beat the bugs. Hey, y'all riding high. How do you feel about your Falcon and do you believe first cousins, Kirk Cousins can take 'em all the way? You know, when we first got cousin, I, I, I didn't, I didn't want him. I I lemme say that I'm a die hard Michael Vick fan. Yes. I'm a I was there when Vic first got there the year that Vick went to jail. That's the year I left here and went to Indiana with my husband's job.


So I love me some Michael Vick. I do. And I just have not been able to accept anybody since he's gone, since he left. And so when we got Kurt Cousins, I said, okay. He go, this a hundred million dollar white boy ain't gonna do nothing no more. But I've been paying attention and I gave up my Falcon tickets this year and I wish I hadn't of Damn. Because I I, my, I had five tickets and they was down. Yeah, like down on the fly. Yeah. And the ball. Yeah. And you gave above his pack. Yes I did. They cost some money. Yeah, because, you know, we were just not winning. I like, I can't keep spending this kinda money, but I'm so happy because everybody know I'm a diehard Falcon fan.


I will slap you in your face for a fa by a Falcon. I love the Fal. I was, I was literally getting off a plane coming to every game. I love my Falcon. Those, that's my team. I love the Falcons and I'm so happy they doing well. And we're gonna go to the playoffs. You guys were up 28 to three In the Super Bowl. I was at the game. Have you gotten over that? I gotten over it, but you know, I don't know if you ever heard the story that I tell about the Falcon killed my sister-in-Law that night when we was winning, I was talking so much trash to New England fan Lee Daniel gave me two Super Bowl tickets to go to Houston to go to the Super Bowl.


CCB s gave me tickets. A, B, C whoever it was. I'm talking mad shit to D four. Ah. Just talking start Fox gave him tickets because I, I was out football Fox. It was Fox. Fox gave me tickets 'cause that's where my show was at the time. Yeah. I don't put on my two Pantyliners. I'm there just talking trash baby. Let me tell you, when halftime came and they started to come back, I couldn't believe it. I'm screaming and hollering. Please don't. I go to the bathroom, praying in the bathroom. I get a phone call from my husband. He said my sister J had a heart attack watching the Falcon game. And I literally said, fuck your sister the Falcon by Loose Super. He called me back and said she passed away.


And I was like, I don't care. The Falcons lost the Super Bowl and I walk out the door and Channel five down. I wont talk. My sister-in-Law done died. But she died in third quarter. Yeah. And, and you know, it was when they was still kinda up. So she went to heaven thinking we won't Thinking we was won. Huh. But it's the people who stayed behind that day like me. And you know the difference that they did not win. They did not. And I used to tell that story all the time. They killed my sister-in-Law. But I yet, I still go to the game and I make sure I take a aspirin before I go so my hug can beat. Right. Hot and flashy standup tour. Get your tickets. WW dot miss pat comedy.com. Season four. The Miss Pat show is now streaming on BT Plus and season two of Miss Pat Settles is streaming on BET.


Miss Pat, thanks for coming by. Thank you. Thank y'all for having me. All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of D the all my life. I've been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price slice. What you're hearing is hardy fiber cement siding, living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important a reputation is, especially when you're a contractor.


That's why Hardy's siding withstands severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength so you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best. Protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy.