
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny weenie bowl. It's the Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59. Download the Draftking Sports book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you just bet five books only at Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, c dk nng.co/audio.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway man. You had a lot of, you have a lot of disagreement with people man. Oh shit. Why? You have a disagreement with everybody Who, who I had a disagreement With had a little temporary disagreement with Jake Ho. You had a little disagreement with by, you had to disagree with Wayne. You had to disagree with Ross. You had a different, I mean, damn me. No, I never had a disagreement with me. That's always been, no, I said Meech. Oh what Mech. Big Meech. I ain't no disagreement with Big Meech. No, not big. My bad. My bad, my bad, my bad. But you did have a with Ross? Yeah. Why Ross? Ross cool. I like Ross. Okay. Okay. Let me, can I explain what happened? You can.


Okay. I, I'm at Jackson State. Okay. I'm in the locker room while I was in there talking to prom while I running the locker room. He say, yo Wayne here man, go holler at that because we need to get that on the podcast. I say we at he and there with prom. I walk up, I see Wayne, he in here talking to prom. What's up Wayne go. I walk out standing right out here. Wait for him to come out to holler. He ain't there talking to prom. I ain't the process.


I called Jermaine over Mac. Man, come here man. Yo, what's up man? Trying to get him on the pocket. Yeah, you knew you on win it man. That shit the pass man. Ain't nobody worrying about that shit man. But alright. I got, I mean I got holler at him and see how, okay, cool. He say where Wayne at? They say Wayne left Mac May say where you go? They looking at Mac and mean. He like, nigga we don't know where he went. He left. Mac May say, okay man, I'm holler at you. So now I'm doing an interview with TMZ. They asked me about Wayne. I said, I don't really talk about that shit no more. They say, well have you ever seen him? I say, Dan, that's crazy. Y'all asked me that. Right. I just seen him last week at Jackson State.


Okay. He said, how that one? I said I shook his hand and then you know Wayne got out of there. Yeah, he did. I never said I pressed the nothing. I actually said I'm trying to get the on the podcast. Right. What happened was Mac Main posted a video of me saying Wayne Dipped posted a video of me and Wayne shaking hands. And then me and me turned around and walking out like I was frauding or something. And I'm like, Mack, you know what happened. You was there. You was the one that said he left you. So I didn't even respond to that shit. I'm just like, what's the per, I never said I was pressing the nigga.


I said I was trying to get an interview from the nigga. Right. And Ross was in the comments, these is fake Talking about you and Wallo was fake. Yes. That's how that started. But you and you and Ross Goul now, I mean I seen Ross at the concert at me concert. He, he, he didn't have nothing to say and then I seen his homie and his homie introduced himself and said he was a real Wow. And I said, if you a real with the am I a superhero? And that was it. That was it. Yeah. I think y'all can get together. And Talent Ain't no beef.


I don't got no beef with nobody. I don't have no beef with nobody. I'm a I I I stay in my world, Shannon. Yeah I do. Me, I don't with nobody. I don't bother nobody. There's plenty of guys out here on the internet disrespecting, talking crazy. I can't even take these guys for real. Shannon. I can't take these because who would who talk about that? They don't know. See, see that's why I like you. I can't take no for real. That's talk. If I never met you, how could I have something negative to say about you Man, period. I don't know you man. So, And why do I care? Right. There's a bunch of guys out here that, that's, you know, cloud chasing and do shit for views. And I pay them no mind man.


God ain't going, God ain't going to bless you. Trying to come up off another back of another man. Ain't gonna get no blessings like that Million dollar worth the game. You say you started like, hey, telling the young, the young homies that I'm, Hey, I got a million dollars worth of game. Just listen, Got it's attention, motivation, and education Because come home. Yep. He's been, you know, a reading up, understanding, marketing, all this other stuff, how to run a business. You got the answer. Got a let's do a, he said let's do a pod. Yeah. How did it come together where you like, you know what? 'cause let's do this. Shoot for the Stars. Well, me and Osworth, the game was already so big.


Just the brand meet, meet me, giving out the game that people already was asking me, Kelly, you need a podcast, you need a YouTube channel, you need this. I, I didn't know what a podcast was. And then just to be honest, when I went and looked at a podcast not saying no names, I was like, who the would watch this? This is the Dries AST shit. This is Canada Dry. I didn't, I didn't understand. I said the same thing. Right. Right. Where they, when they got, I like, I ain't know what a podcast was. I'm like, how, what? I mean what I, I mean I'm on tv right? Why? Why do I wanna do extra in my off archive? Right. Do something. Right. That's similar to tv. And then Wallow sent me an article that said Spotify allocates 421 million to podcasts in the first quarter.


And I said the first quarter is January that April 400 nigga watch break that microphone out. Right. Fucking now You here In the first podcast we did, I think went to number two in the world behind Joe Rogan. Right. And it was on No look, no looking back then. No looking Back. Wow. What's been some of your craziest moments on your pod? The first craziest moment was me and Wallo fighting. That was the, that was early on. That was, wow. Had to give him some tinted windows and shit.


Tin his shit up. Who? Who's the older me? I'm older You, you older. Yeah. I used to box that nigga in the tub. Man he used to shit in the tub all the time. Man. Nigga Bowels was bad. He loose. He loose. Loose Man Loose was A kid. But Lil Dirk was, was one, you know, going to Chicago to the gutter, Kodak Black going to the projects, being in the projects two o'clock in the morning, young Thug. Mm. You know what I mean? Because to have the conversation that we had with Young Thug and not even know that he was about to go through any of that shit he went through.


Right. That was like, you know what I mean? And then the baby, the baby because the baby, you know, in the society we live in. He said something that quote unquote he wasn't supposed to say and the world turned his day back on him. Wow. And he called us and said, would y'all interview me? And we said, why wouldn't we interview you? We not like the rest of the world. We don't give a fuck. We understand that People make mistakes. We human man. Right. I made a bunch of mistakes in my life man. And God forgave me or I wouldn't be in this position I'm in, I'd be probably be in jail.


So Right. We not judging you and the difference Between us, we built our podcast around the youth, the owners of tomorrow. And we don't, we don't talk at you. We talk to you. There's a difference. So we said, come on, we going to embrace you during the hardest times of your life. Tory Lanes, same thing. We gonna embrace you when everybody else they tell you as far away from you. We not gonna treat you like that. Because we understand that people make mistakes. Wallo made a mistake, cost him 20 years of his life. But now he's the cultural advisor at YouTube. Yep. He was the co at Reform. He got one of the fastest grown clothing lines in the world.


So we understand that second chances is prevalent that a lot of people, that's all they ever need is a second chance. That's all he ever needed was a second chance to show he was great. Right. So we don't judge and we understand that people make mistakes and we the platform that say you made a mistake, but we gonna give you a outlet to say, I up play us up too. Right. I up but don't judge me by a mistake that I made. Because everybody, if, if you was judged by every mistake you made, come On. Yeah. We not here. You made a mistake when you was on that camera Ground. There you go. See I was at get, see I, I said Damn Shannon look like he in the best shape of his life, but he sound like he outta shape.


He was in there grunting. Like, there you go. Give, see, look back. Have, have you had any surprise? Because see how good he is of a of a But you want me to do Gil? He got right off of that. So when you were Gillis over, I mean that was, that was, you know, I done moved past that. My PI had a crisis team. We have that At Least you, at least you owned up to it. Yeah. I mean there wasn't nobody believing you, you, you accidentally well alive. You gotta take six steps. But here's the, but hey, all I'm trying to say is that, think about it. I've never been on live before. I know. So you mean the very first time that I'm on live. Right. That's what I'm gonna put out there. Alright. The very first guy, I ain't gonna lie, he used put a little work in though.


I ain't going to lie to Are you surprised? Because you had a, a former NFL player on, on the podcast and he revealed that his girlfriend had cheated on it with me. Did you know that prior to him coming on? No. Uhuh, Had you known that, would you have brought him on? Yes. 'cause at the end of the day, let's be for real bro. Probably 95% of the men in the world been cheated on before. Yeah. They just don't know It. They just don't know it. Right. And if they do know it, a lot of 'em, they, they forgive the woman anyway. Right. So you know me, I thought it was, I thought it was real that he shared that story.


Like, you know what I mean? Because like listen man, they get out on the habits of the best of us. Yes. And plus look, most guys like pretty much the same type of woman. Right. If you go back and look at an, you look at athletes, football, baseball, basketball, whatever the sport is, and look at the type of woman. That's why man, why these guys like the same woman? Why they gotta do you like what you like? Right. And they're in that circle. Right. That type of you woman, young woman. Right. Whatever the case may be, they're around that. Right. The athletes are around that. Right. I mean when you in whole food, you going to get stuff that you know don't have non GMO Right. Don't have pesticide. Right.


It is what it is really. But unless you in that world, people outside of that world don't understand. Right. And so that's what I tell 'em man, Sean, why they, I say bro, when you go somewhere, that's what, those are the women that you see. Right. And a lot of be, a lot of people don't understand. Like they be like, oh such and such. She messed with him, him and him and him. That's, that's the only people that's that's at all events that she has. That's the only, that's the only world she in. Right. She don't be around too many regular. Right. So, so, but they don't understand a lot of the celebrities are sheltered. Right. And the only time you get to get out and about is when you are around other celebrities.


Correct. So who will you gonna mess with? The celebrities. You've had some of the, I mean million dollars worth of game. You've had some of the biggest rappers, some of the biggest entertainers on your platform. How do you go about to secure your guests? How do you get 'em? Oh we call 'em, we reach out personally. You know what I mean? Yo bro, I would like to get you on the show bro. You wanna come bust it up, chop some game up. You know we have some that respond, we have some that don't respond and you know, we don't take it. What you dm em DM em fast. DM Drake, we need you on the show. Dm LeBron need you on the show. Fortunately Drake and LeBron both responded back So you know, hopefully we'll get them soon. But I dm I don't, I don't, I'm not operating off no ego.


Lock your Ass. You ain't DM me. No we gonna, we got you. Nope. I did dm. How you going d how you going DM drinking LeBron before me. I DMed you. You just ain't see that motherfucker. You got all them tenders in there. Look, They heard y'all in the room. You got all them tenders in there. Heard you in there grunting That, that He said we want a little, the grizzly bear. You recently sat down with Kodak Black about his drug use. How difficult is it to have a conversation like that with someone? You see the, the potential so much ability and you're kinda like throwing it all away. We Just sat down with him, you know what I mean? And, and it wasn't necessarily about drug use or drug abuse.


It was just necessarily about letting, reminding them. 'cause you gotta understand these, these young, these young men. I won't say kids, they kids to me 'cause they young enough to be my kids. But these young men who are millionaires, they living in the moment. Right. They in the moment. They don't always understand that how important they are. So it just be us to remind them that yo you know you that Right. You know what you mean out here. Right. Okay. You you, you see what they did to dirt. Right. You see what they did to Young Thug. Right. You know you ain't exempt. So come on Neff, we not trying to throw this shit away. Right.


We, we we not trying to God, he he anointed you to be one of the special ones outta all the, that you grew up with. How many people was in your position. So come on Neff, we going to take advantage of this. We not gonna take none of this shit for granted. And that's that, that's our job. To to to let him know that you special bro to because everybody around you more than likely is a yes man. Yeah. I'm gonna let you know you're special enough but don't this up N 'cause you already been to jail, you know what this shit about right? I'm not here to stroke your ego man. I'm here to let you know that Neff you special and if you this up, you know who the idiot is.


You Neff. And, and and they acceptive to that shit because like I said, we ain't talking Adam, we talking to him. Kodak revealed that he did as many a hundred pills a day. Why do you think it's so hard for guys to, to come into this sum of money, this sum of, I mean this Fame, this praise, this adulation and then resort. Maybe they had these issues and they got clean, they were able to do enough to get in this position to release a record or do something. Why do you think it's so hard for them to like stay on the straight and narrow? Guess You gotta understand right? We taking kids straight out the projects.


Right? Straight out the gutter, straight out the streets and then bam, he got a shit load of money. You talking about a kid that went from having zero responsibilities, zero to bam. Now you got 10 responsibilities. Feel what I'm saying? You don't, it it it, sometimes it happens so quick that you don't always even know how to deal with that shit. You just like, I just went from nobody asking me for nothing to now every time, every conversation is about something. Anybody getting jam, they asking me for something.


Now you start to feel like playing me. Like think like, am I like, am I being too nice? Am I not being generous enough? Am I, you know, it's just a bunch of shit. You got, you got family members that's that they feel entitled. They feel like you owe 'em shit. They feel like you, like you wasn't even around during my whole journey of coming up, but I now I owe you. So the the, the difficulties of coming from the ghetto and like, I like to say this a lot of times, right? A lot of times, you know would be the difference between white parents and black parents. What's that?


White parents, they see their kid win and a lot of times they already been successful in life, right. They got good credit. They got they house, they got, they they, They got the nice car. So they're not expecting Anything. They're not expecting anything. You try to buy them a nice car. They're like Billy, I got a Bronco. You worry about you Billy don't do it. Right. You, you a black family, everybody made it. Now you gotta buy your, your sister a car, your mama a house, your mama a car, your two brothers a car. You for you even do anything for yourself, yourself, for yourself.


You already a million dollars in the hole. Now you gotta help them maintain the shit that you bought them that they can't afford. Yep. So now you bought your, your your your your sister the Benzs, now she need brakes to 3000. She can't afford the brake. So now she done rode the rotors off the, now it was 8,000. You ain't lying. You Ain't lying. So You gotta get 'em something they can upkeep. So now everything is coming back to you. You like damn wait hold on, I I did this, I put y'all in this, I did y'all this.


I did y'all this shit's still coming back to me. Right Then it's cool when the money's pouring in, Whatever, when it Stop because we, man I just got 150 tonight. I'm getting 150 tomorrow. I'm getting, don't worry about Senate but when that shit slow up now is a issue. Yes. It's like I've been doing this shit for three years, four years. Y'all ain't established nothing yet. I was like we never knew we had to establish nothing. You had everything. Wow. So a lot of these kids is going through and then when you got them ghetto moms, oh Lord.


You mentioned you had thug on before either trial or any of this transpired. Right? Why do you think it's so hard to separate, separate rap from street life At times, I mean the raps come from the rap come from the streets. But the Objective is to get out. Not to get out and go back. But when we first rapping, all we rapping about is what we know. You know what I mean? Yes. So, and then a lot of times it don't even be the rapper. A lot of times it be the that's around the rappers. Okay. 'cause at the end of the day, if I don't rap Shannon right. How else am I gonna prove that I'm down for you? Other than when we got some beef and it's time to do something to it, I can't show my worth other than that I'm just a hang around, I'm dying for you to go through some shit so I could bust some heads open so I can say you see how I ride for you?


Because I don't bring any value to the table other than that. Other than that I'm just hanging around in the studio now. Yeah. Right. So I'm dying for something that, for somebody to with you. 'cause I'm dying to show you not only how I ride for you. That's the only way they could show you. A lot of times you don't even want to ride. He done did some dumb shit and then I shot at them nigga you like nigga what? Nigga in the corner got this in my name.


You had a viral in real you little dirt. Unfortunately he's in jail right now. But Wallo tearing up telling little dirt, bro don't retaliate. He and that nigga was scared. That nigga was scared for our life 'cause they got a bunch of guns in here. Oh my God. Y'all ain't Gotta do this. Yeah. Stop bitching, stop bitching, straightening up, tighten up your head. They ain't Doing nothing To us. But I mean he is like, I mean because Wallow forgave the man that took his brother's life. My cousin Steve. Yes. And he said that his wallow is very close to his, his grandmother.


Yes. Called Nana. Yes. And his brother Steve, his brother that got shot. Yes. He died in the arm Nanny arms. Yes. In the doorway. Yes. And he forgave him. He said I had to let this pain, I had to let this burden go. Yes. He said I had To. Yes He had to because he got, Steve got kids out here because Steve got responsibilities out here. So if you come home on some crash dummy shit and you die and go to jail, how does that benefit anything that Steve had? Right. You know what I mean? He already, he already lost his life to the streets. Right. So for it to be a continuing cycle, it just don't make no sense. Right. And I'm glad that 'cause it would've been easy for him to come home and do what everybody expected him to do.


Right. But he came home and he did what nobody expected him to do. And that's what, that's why he's being great right now. You Muslim? Yes. How long? My whole life really my name, my name's Farra Nasir. That's my real government name. Wow. Yeah. I would've never guessed that. How the hell do you hear the name Gilly? My mom name is Gilda and my mom is one of the craziest That you would ever meet. So growing up I was always little Gilly. Okay. Like Go this little Is be excited. Like I never knew why this Little gi, little gi Mango, $20 the Do my mom do that.


Everybody's always happy to see me like, But my mom was always well known and well respected. So I always was Lil Gill. So by the time I got older that just was It stuck. That's Lil Gill. How many people know your government name besides your, besides your bare very closer. Nobody, everybody call me Gilly man. You know what I mean? Because when you go into advertising sponsors, they call you Gilly. They call me Gilly. Absolutely. Mr. Gilly. Yes. And even if they knew my real name going up foreign naser.


Damn. You thought that was a real name for Nasser? You had King Vaughn on your pod before he tragically lost his life. Where were you when you got the news and what were you thinking? Like, damn, I had Young, it was like a week later I think, or maybe a few days later maybe. And the only thing that was stuck in my head was a line that he said on the podcast he said, Gilly shit don't even be that deep Gilly, but us young guys don't know how to talk to each other. And that just stuck with me because it was like, only if young guys took the Chi to talk to each other, they would realize that, bro, I really don't even wanna be beefing with you.


I don't want to be beefing with you either. I like your music, I like your music, but they never even get a chance to talk to each other. Is it something you got ego where I gotta prove something? Well, you know, this generation that's out now is totally different from my generation. My generation and the culture. We looked up to the hustlers, we looked up to somebody that was getting money, somebody that was doing better than you because it just appeared that, damn, that's what, that's what I wanna be. This generation, they made the shooter popular. The shooter in our generation was always the lowest form of a street. It was the who life didn't matter because he's a crash dummy.


He's gonna die out here anyway. Right? So, but this generation made the shooter popular to where as though he don't have no money, he has nothing going on for himself, but he shoots Right? And he's popular and his gun actually cost more than his bank rule, right? This guy, this kid got a $700 gun on him, but he got a hundred dollars to his name. So you know, this generation really up where they made the shooter the popular guy and it just doesn't make no sense. Where are you on the snitching culture? I mean, I just believe if you jump in those streets and that's what you choose to do, I just believe you just, you should stand on that.


Okay. You know what I mean? I believe I don't, I don't, I've never believed that you should jump in the streets and then something go wrong and you should decide to tell on somebody right now. If you were, if you were that lady right there, I don't believe that she's ever been in the streets. No. If she saw a crime go down, she should absolutely tell what the she's seen go down. Right.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny-weeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hoisting the trophy and you have a shot to score big betting on them at Draftking Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like player To score six. Go to DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly. When you bet your first five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. C dk nng.co/audio.


These days it feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the million's yearning to own your home rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can own the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 for Rocket, that's 800 for Rocket.


She's a citizen. But if you are in the streets and you grew up in a certain culture and then you get caught, You get jammed up and So you Get jammed up and you like, wait, I'm gonna tell on the person that had more drugs than me because I got caught. I don't, I don't, me personally, I don't agree with that because I just, I just think that you chose to be in that world and when you choose something, you should understand the consequences of what you've chosen. And I would never tell on anybody when I chose to be in a certain world that I chose to be in. That's just me. You said something very interesting. You said a lot of times these guys have have friends around them and they've been with these guys their entire life.


Right? And a lot of these guys are, are, are what we call yes men. And they tell you what you want to tell you, what you want to, what you want to hear and not what you need to know. Right. And how difficult is it? Because I'm pretty sure you pretty much got the same circle of friends, people that knew Gillet from the jump. Right. They still killed cool with Gillet because when Gilley didn't have anything Right, they was there. Gilley got something. Now they're still there. They haven't switched up on you. Right. You haven't switched up on them. Right. How difficult is it for people that come from this and by us come from what we come from to distance ourself from that situation? It'd be very hard. But that, that, that sometimes be the hardest for people because you know, you feel like I came up and, you know, not necessarily they brought any value to me, but they just was around me.


But you gotta understand also that if, if, if, if if value don't bring value to value, then it devalued, Then what is it? Value It devalue everything. Right. So, and you gotta understand, if I'm a artist and I go on the road and I got 15, hang around, that's 15 people I gotta feed And put up and put Up. And when I go to the store now and I go buy a jacket and they picking up the jacket, now I end up buying 15 jackets and I, and they not really bringing no value to what I got going on. And that's, and that's how you go broke. Yes. So if you understand life and your, but You notice that, you say that's how you go broke.


That's how you go broke. Now when we make the money, we made money, we made money, we go broke, man, you went broke. You went broke. You feel what I'm saying? So if you smart, you gotta understand that I can't do everything for everybody. And I, I gotta put myself first and what's my responsibilities first in life. Because if I go broke, who's taking care of my responsibilities? Nobody. Nobody. Why do you think rappers are so successful at podcasts? You got Joe, no Cam and Mace and it seems like a lot of these guys are try like transitioning out of music, right? Why do you think, why do you think rappers are so, have been able to do so well yourself?


Like I said Joe, Joe b nor Cam and Mason. Why have they been so, I mean, rapping is just a form of talking expression and if you have personality and you're able to express yourself in your intelligent enough to have the hold the conversation and intelligent enough to understand that it also has to be some humor in there. It has to be some, you know, then you can make it happen. You know, Joe is, he has his own type of drive, but, you know, sense of humor that, you know, people like, you know, cam, he has his sense of humor, mace and, and we have our, our sense of humor. So, and we speak and, and we also got years in the game, right?


So we got knowledge on us and we able to speak on things and tell stories and things that we've been through that know maybe other people are not able to do. Right. Cam and Mace, they thank you for bringing him, you and Wao for bringing Cam and Mace back together again. Yes. What does that mean? How did that make you feel? Because I guess they, at one point in time they were cool and then they kind of like went their separate ways and they're back together. Got a top podcast doing extremely well. Well, you know, for me it, it makes me feel extremely proud. 'cause I'm like, Y brothers YouTube Brothers was friends as kids. Like, and for me it is just always like this.


If we was friends as kids when we didn't have nothing, how were we going to be, How we fall out? We got everything Right. And then, and, and then honestly it's all about talking like King Von said, and all we did was bring Mace on the show and he expressed like Kelly, I used to wear camera snakes. Like I was up like camera. I used to wear camera's, clothes and, and that's what hurt me the most is that me and my brother is not as close as we used to be. And that's all it took. Cam watched the interview and now Cam comes on and express that I really miss Macy's.


Well, Right. And then next thing you know, they call each other and then next thing you know, they, They got a pod together And then $30 million. Right. Okay, now you got Cam Mace and you got Jim Jones. Yes. And I think it was Jim that said that Mace said that, Hey, I taught Jim how to rap. Right. Jim said he taught him how to rap. Right. What, what's the, what, what's the, what's the collision now? I Mean, you know, at the end of the day I see Jim and I see Cam going through it and you know, Wallo Ralo wrote him a letter on the gram and you know, pretty much asked him, you know, whatever y'all going through to 'cause it ain't really worth it. No, it's not that we all winning. Jim's winning. He's doing his thing. He's still doing his thing in music.


Cam is winning, he's doing his thing with the podcast. He's winning the life. So, you know, it is not that serious That that photo on ig on on internet, you Know that shit ain't real. I already know what you talking, I I'm just saying don't me nigga, you know ain real YA lot ain't hugging me like that. Oh, okay. Of all the people, how did would Youo Photoshop that Shit? Whyo, did you like that? Gimme me like that man, poor and my man, I with or I been to his house. He's great artists make great music and I really, with him, I don't have nothing bad to say about art. I don't know what you did. I don't, you know, that aint has nothing to do with me.


But every time we was in each other's presence, he was a good dude. Right. But I, I look and I understand that he what he, what what he accused of doing, what he got convicted of. But I believe you can separate the two. Yeah. The man made incredible music. Yes he did. Now the person might, you might not like what the person did. Right. But that doesn't take away from the music that he produced. Right. Or that he made. Right. Because when I can't am am I wrong for saying no? No, you're not wrong. 'cause when I, when I listen to, I believe I can fly. Yeah. I just don't think about him pissing on nobody. I just like, I'm like, I just like, I'm like Fiesta, you know, to be honest.


What's the brokest you've ever been a Broke, a broke, broken and broke. Broke, broke, broke, Broke. That's why you had to get the strap and run up, run up on people. I was broken and broke. When you, when you laying up in your big crib, now you sit back and you know, you look at, look at the finance, you're like, damn, you ever thought it'd be this good? No. No. In your, in your wildest imagination. No. When you know what a I thought I would have money. I, I ain't gonna lie about that. That's a different type of money. Why? Yeah. This is gilley, this is different type of money. I never thought that I would make this type of money off of being myself. Okay. I never in a million years imagined some shit like that. Like that. Right. Like, bro, you sit here and you be you. Yes. You don't have to do anything extra but be me and to make this type of money.


Yeah. That's unbelievable. So I never thought that it would be this way. I can't say it. I always thought that I would end up where I needed to be. Right. But I never thought it would just be me being myself. I see. Every time I turn around I see wallow pull up and something new. He like, Hey, as matter of fact while you talking, I might go get something new tomorrow. You ain't lying either. I, I be like, I be low key like motherfucker, like, bro, what are you doing? Yeah. You, you got a side hustle. I know how much we making but damn you got a side hustle. No. I be like, like what you trying to go broke?


What the What? I mean what, what is the best part? And what I tell people for me when people are like, Shannon, what's the best part about having money? I said money gives. Its the ability to do things for my family that if I didn't have it, I wouldn't be able to do. 'cause that's the most important thing to me. 'cause I don't really buy, I mean I buy some like, but Look at me man. I I I don't look like I buy shit because I don't, every day you see me on Instagram every day you see me on social media, I got a sweatsuit on like, but my daughter got a truck that she really wanted, you know, G Wagon? No. She, she got a, she wanted a a a Rubicon A Jeep?


Yes. Yes. Jeep Wrangler. My other daughter got a BMW. Okay. You know they, they have G wagons in Jersey. Yeah. My other daughter, she won a BMW truck. She got that. My grandkids, they don't have to ask for nothing. You know, I lost a son out here who has a son. Yeah. So me being able to just be there for my, for my grandson and, you know, make sure that he's not missing nothing. Right. You know, you know, that's what's important to me, man. I don't really, I don't really give a fuck about nothing else in life. What's your best, what's the, what's the best purchase that you've made? My wife's wedding ring.


You got a new one? Because I know at the time that you got married. Yeah. Yeah. That thing about the cold, like $40. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. My wife's wedding ring. You gotta pee with her. Flawless shit. Flawless Fly that from Africa. What? I I I wasn't playing no games. You hear me? But she deserves it though. Yes. You know, and, and when we did, you know, tattoos Yeah. So it would always be forever. But I'm like, no, this really gonna crush your heart to a different level. When she saw that come out the box, She had to put a welders mask on, on table. You know, when that lip starts shaking, What's your worst purchase?


You better you, have you purchased anything that you like? Hey, what a, did I buy this? Yes. All my rolexes and cars. You a car guy in, in in Philly? Yes. Old school? Yes. Oh, okay. Okay. You like old school. I got Old school, bunch of old school cars. But other than that I really don't buy anything. You know what I mean? And I love my cars. Right. So I wouldn't really even say that was a bad purchase. Right. I just, I just, You and Wallo gave each other a gift. Yeah. Well every year I threw a big party for 'em. That cost a shitload of money to you Ain't I ain't got invited to see You invited this year. You know what I mean? For sure. You know, I ain handle no number one. You know, You know what I mean?


See Yeah. You And I know you're working. You got 11 shoes and shit. I got, I I turn it over to cj, CJ can handle it for a while for day. You, you, you, I know you are working the busiest man in, in show business, you hear me? But I throw him a big party every year because one time he forgot about his birthday, he was in jail. He didn't even know it was his birthday. Wow. So, and he's never been celebrated. So every year I celebrate where I make open bar, everything's free. And people just had a time of their life. What's your best investment? My best investment was million dollars worth of game buying all of the 17 cameras we got and, and the, the studio house.


And that was my best investment. Now you're in the boxing game. Yes. Well actually you got your hat in a lot of things. Yes. But so now if being a promoter, is that what you wanna do? I mean, I just like providing opportunity for people. Okay. You know, we did the first boxing match, then we had Meatball on there. She won viral, then Zeus Network picked a write up and then now she's on her second season going into Zeus network. So we just like to give people opportunity and try to make some stars out of it. You had a boxing thing and I think shots were allegedly fired and you end up having to kick people out. No, What happened was the Delaware police was on some bullshit.


Okay. I'm in the middle of a live stream, right? Oh yeah. Some with a body shot. Oh, you, I get a tap on the shoulder. It's the chief of police and it's my assistant. I mean, yeah, my assistant des and she's like, they're shutting it down. It's over. It's like, not even halfway through the, through the, I'm like, what? I take the headphones off, shut it down. They're shooting at the police outside. I said, what? Now you gotta understand, we don't even bring that type of crowd. Right. So now I'm on the side of the police now. Right.


Some came to my event and shot at the police. I'm losing my mind. I get up, I walk to the front, I'm talking to the nothing we can do. It's over. I said, listen, I have a live stream going on right now that thousands on top of thousands of people paid for. You mean to tell me it's nothing we can do. He say, if I let the live stream continue, you gotta kick all the people out of the stands. I said, but the people in the stands didn't do anything. Right. This was the people outside. Right. If, like I said, if you want to this live, this live stream that you got going to continue, the people in the stands gotta leave.


So I go in the ring, I'm, I'm mad because I'm under an impression that somebody shot at the police outside and as black people, that's on all of us. Right. That we would come to an event. We gave out four and a half million dollars in the city of Philadelphia to minority businesses. And y'all would come to my event and shoot at the cops. So now I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm on one. Everybody get the fuck outta here. After I kicked everybody out and we sitting there waiting to start the live stream, they said, no Gilly, they made a mistake.


They wasn't shooting at the police, they were shouting at the police. I said, what? Because this makes no sense. Right. Why would you come at me when I'm in the middle of a live stream and tell me it's over? This was when I looked up, they said, it's over, it's done. It's done. We shutting the building down this the last round because somebody was shouting at the police outside. That don't make sense. You know what I, that don't make sense. Y'all said them people were shooting at the police. Right. So now I got a problem with the, the Delaware Police Department. Right. And I'm losing my mind on the Delaware Police Department because I paid you guys $14,000 for four hours worth of work and y'all tried to pull a fast one saying somebody was outside shooting when they wasn't.


So that was the issue I had with the police department in Delaware. The issue, problem. And I stand on that. They're the worst police department in the United States of America. I stand on that shit. What's issue in the fight game? It's been reported that Cane Canelo and Terrence Crawford. It, it goes back and forth. It's Canelo and Jake Paul is Yes. Canelo. And, and, and, and Bud. Yes, it's Bud and this. So if this fight's ha let's just say for the sake of our, the fight is gonna happen. Canelo and Bud, who you like in this fight? Canelo. Why? Because Bud had to move up three classes. Yes. And, and in the history of boxing, I've never seen anybody move up two classes and be successful.


Well Roy did. I mean, but not in one jump. Not in one leap. Right, right. It was a here here. Right. Light heavyweight fight. A few fights. Right. Okay. Heavyweight, we talking about he just fought 1 47 1 fight ago. Right. And then you gonna fight at 1 68. Yeah, Because did did he, did he fight his last fight at 54? Yes. Just one fight Though. Right. And so now he'd go from 54 to 60 to 68. Right. And then he doesn't have a rehydration clause. So Canelo might be 180, 1 91 85, 1 90, 85, 1 90. Right. So you think he he thinks he can outbox Canelo. I I I think, I think he can out outbox Canelo two until he get hit. Okay.


You know what I mean? That's the thing. You gotta, you gotta, you gotta, you gonna go whole fight without getting hit and you fighting Canelo Alvarez? No. You and Mike Tyson are friends. How did you, how did you meet Mike? I Met Mike just, just out and about a few times. And we have a somebody that champ Shadi that we both know that it's like, you know, Since you, you are a boxing aficionado, gimme your four Great. Your four goat boxers. Any division, any era. Muhammad Ali, sugar, Ray Robinson, Floyd Mayweather, Manny Ow.


Manny Ow is a eight division world champ. Eight division what? From one. Oh from he went from one. From one what? From 1 0 6, 1 12 all the way up to 1 54. Right. So that's my goats. I like that. Gimme your top four boxes currently Bud. Okay. Canelo in your way. Okay. I like him. And Uc.


You could put Usic in there or you could put my nephew in there who's a four division weight champion, four time champion, two division weight champion. That means you're Hall of Famer Cool boy. Steph. Steven Fulton. But yeah, you could throw him in there too. Okay. Just, just beat, just beat my God. How Did you, how did, how did you become such a boxing fan? Well is it Philly? Is it Philly Fame? Philly a boxing. Yeah, Philly. A boxing city man, you grow up in Philly. You gotta learn how to rumble, man. You know what you want. Get your ass whip me. That's CROs is in Philly, isn't it? Yes. No, no. CRO ain't in Philly. This in Detroit. Which Yeah, that's Detroit. I believe Shula's is in Philly. Is That where, where the Frazier fight out Though?


Joe Frazier. Jim, okay. Yeah. You throw outta Joe Frazier's. So you got, you gotta be able to bang. If you gonna be, You gonna be Philly, you gonna be my mumble Boom as a rapper. Drake Kendrick. If, if Drake would've just let it, just let it go. Like, Hey bro, I'm done with that. Boom. Let it go. Would we have gotten to where we got with this beef, with this, with this, with this back and forth? Well, at the end of the day, all the whole industry came in. Drake at one Time. Yeah. Why Drake put so many of'em own. Let let me just tell you something. What? Anytime. Let just be for real. Yeah. All of motherfuckers got money. Yes. This is what we talking about.


Okay? What is it ever the beef and with some bitches, right? Mm. Had to be about some bitches. You know, Drake, come on man. Drake's laying them and spraying them, man. Putting bitches all on the plane, man. Yeah. What else we got the beef about other than some hoes, man. But you ain't gotta come at me. Not hard. Just, just gimme a little body blow, Man. You gotta understand, man. I mean this, this, You gotta understand most beefs in America was started about a woman. Yes. For sure. That's just, I mean, but this, this is all time. I mean, you go back and look at I hit 'em up with Tupac. No, Vaseline. I mean there've been some great this one up there now, Gil. Yeah. This go, they gonna be talking about this for a minute, But what I'm saying is, bro, it's only a rat battle.


That's all it is. Jay-Z lost the na That man won five Grammys off that. But he want, you think he be, you think he a bigger artist than Drake? No. So why does it matter? You lost a rap battle That's like LeBron James losing the NBA finals. You'll be cool. Next year you'll be back. What we even with him, even if you look at the streams now. Yes. Right. Even with him win five Grammys, his streams, they still don't match Drake streams. Yeah. Great. Jake just did a billion. A billion. He is the quickest to do a billion streams on this new thing. So at the end of the day, Kendrick's great.


Drake's great. This is a rap battle, man. Ego got Love bruise though, man. Dang. You ain't have to do it Like that. Lemme just tell you something That's, that's all in Drake's mind then. Okay. You can't bruise my ego. I got my own plane, man. I'm about to hop on my plane, man. Hop my ego. I'll buy a new one. Do me a favor, Take 30 million. Go get me ego. The, are we talking about ego? Imagine if Jay-Z ego was destroyed, right? He would've never been able to bounce back. You can. You can't. This is a rat battle's. Nothing more than that. Okay. You you got, he got the best of me on Tuesday, right?


Jess? Hilarious. Took a shot at your Gilly song. Oh, what Jesse say? She was just at my, my, my Airbnb yesterday too. What? She Said, well, she called it corn that you eating chicken and licking your fingers in the video. That's basically it though. Nothing. Well, I could say a lot of things that I thought Jess did was, Courtney, You go, we go move. I love just hilarious. So I'm not going to do that. I think Jess is hilarious. You got grandkids now? Yes. Three of them. What's it like being a papa? It's the best thing in the world, man. That shit warm my heart, man. But it, it, it warm. You wanna know what's so crazy and this shit sounds funny. It warms my heart even more than my own kids when they were younger.


You'll let your grandkids get away with stuff. You never let your kids get away with it. And when I was younger I was more in the mix, right? I was more trying to chase my dreams. Right. I was more, now I'm just like, I'm kicking it with my grandkids. Like, you know, I never really had that opportunity with my kids when they were younger because I had goals and shit and accomplishments that I was trying to achieve right now. I'm not really, I'm, I'm, you ain't chasing it like that. I'm not chasing it like that. And with my grandkids it's just the, the best time ever man. It's just, it's the best shit ever.


You lost your son. Yes. What do you want your son's cheese memory to be? You more than, than than his memory. Right? I want the youth to understand how important life is and how fast your life could be taken from you. You know what I mean? As far as his memories. I'm gonna always keep his his name alive because that's my son. And, and I feel as though he should have been burying me and not me burying him. But it is more or less to the youth of tomorrow ain't promise.


So you gotta understand that that dumb shit you out here doing and, and you intertwining with you could lose your life at any moment and you use, losing your life don't only affect you, it affect your parents. It affect both left behind you gotta, it affect All the people that really love you and care about you. Because a lot, lot of times these youth, they, these youngest, they don't respect life because they ain't got a chance to live life yet. You know what I mean? I was stru, I'm not, I I'm not never going to sugarcoat shit. I was struggling with my son trying to get him to out the streets, you know what I'm saying?


So I'm not gonna sugarcoat none of that shit. I wish we didn't even have the best relationship when he passed because he wanted to be a street. And I didn't, I didn't believe in that shit. I didn't subscribe to that shit. So I'm, so my message is for the youth is that, that, go ahead and do something that's beneficial to you. Man. The streets ain't beneficial to you. The streets don't love nobody. If you could show me the drug dealer with the big house on the hill, I congratulate you. If you could show me 10 successful drug dealers, you could tell me 10 Street. I'm gonna show you nine. That's going to tell. So all of this shit is a myth.


That's what I want 'em to know. And it ain't even about cheese no more. It's about saving some other lives that think this shit is more than what it is. I can't do nothing for cheese. Cheese is gone.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory, or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework


These days. It feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. Their American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it and Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can on the dream. Visit rocket.com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


What's up everybody? It's Jason Kelsey. And I'm here with my slightly famous little brother Travis, AKA big Yeti Kelsey. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, we're here to bring you a next level entertainment experience with our show New Heights where the Lamb baby reigns Supreme. We're covering all the hardest of hitting topics in order of importance. UFO sightings the ideal pb and j combo and Trav becoming a big time acting star. Big time is a big stretch. We've got can't miss a list interviews though. That's right. And of course, next level access to life inside the NFL and in the booth. Just because I retired doesn't mean I'm out of the Game. Yeah, I mean the, the old dad shoes suggest otherwise, but those are the I'm out the game shoes right there. Listen and watch New Heights wherever you get your podcasts. And if you want to listen to us first without any interruptions and get bonus content, join Wonder three Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcast or Spotify.


So all I can do is the things that I believe in Islamically, buying a wishing well over here, getting a well over here, doing something for somebody that's less fortunate because I believe that that helps my son and Jenna. But other than that, it ain't about cheese No more Cheese Ain't Here is about me saving somebody else's life and letting them know that you can die out here. Somebody will blow your brains out playing out here and thinking this shit is not serious when it is. So what do you wanna do? Do you want to live life? You want to be here for your parents or you want to subscribe to this fake ass street shit and get the melon knocked out, get the seeds knocked out your watermelon.


Because that's all that's going to happen because it ain't no successful drug dealers out here. It's not no successful criminals out here. No, they die and they go to jail. So if you want to be in jail for the rest of your life, that's cool. If you wanna get the seeds knocked out your melon, that's cool. But I'm here to tell you that's what's going to happen. That ain't even about cheese no more. I had a conversation with Wallo and Wallo was the one that broke the news to you that your son had passed. You remember that conversation? Yeah. No, it wasn't even a conversation. It was we was in the hospital and wallow broke down and walked out of the hospital.


Did you know something then? Absolutely. Absolutely. A hundred percent I knew something. So you say, okay, WLO, what's up? I already knew. So when I followed him out, I already knew what it was because I already knew who was coming from, who was coming from Skip. Skip is a police officer in the Philadelphia Police Department. Mm. So I already knew what it was coming from. How did your son get involved? How did, how did cheese get involved in that life? Because at this point in time, Gilly, you had, you made a name for yourself, you got bread, you Well, you gotta understand, and I can only tell the truth, being a follower clean and simple, being a follower wanting to subscribe to some shit that's not really you.


And that's most of the kids out here, most of the kids in the suburbs subscribe to shit that is not even really them. And then they gotta prove themselves. Well I don't believe you grew up in the suburbs. I don't believe you. Tough. So what you going to do, you're gonna prove yourself. And then a lot of them end up trying to prove themselves. And a lot of them end up in a sad situation. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Like now, I can't say that my kid, my son was just a totally suburban, he hung out in North Philly. He hung out in the ghettos. He grew, he had family down there. So, but what he was trying to be wasn't him.


He chose a life that he didn't have to. Absolutely. Absolutely. You on the other hand, you grew up in that. That's all you knew. Absolutely. That was around Absolutely. Your mom had you out in the burbs. Prob like you said, when you went to college, it exposed you to something else. Absolutely. Absolutely. So, you know, a lot of times the kids in the ghetto, they subscribe to something because of, of a, of a image. They don't want to be looked at as pussy. The kids. Oh, he Turkey. Oh. They don't wanna be looked at as a certain way. So that'll drive a, that's not even into that life to do some shit that he had no business doing because he don't wanna be perceived as a certain way.


I'm sorry that you had to hear the comments about the Illuminati because you got money now and normally when black people get money, you had to do the Illuminati, you had to sell your soul, So you had to sacrifice your son. Right. In order to stay in good graces and keep this paper Coming in. Now we now, now that we, we know one of the, the kids that was responsible for, for, for murdering my son. Right. So I, I guess the Illuminati came to a a 16-year-old kid that's in high school and said, yeah, we, we, we need you to, to kill Gilly's son for Illuminati purposes. See, see how idiotic this shit sounds that as a black man, you can't just work hard No.


And put the work in every day. And, and, and blessings come from that, that you gotta come from somewhere else. Right. So I don't pay that shit no mind, Man. Ha Do you have you, have you met the kid? Have you talked to the kid that took your son's life? Nah, I never, I never met him. I never, only reason why I know is because the police called me and told me once he was murdered, once he, he got, because the kid had just got shot 17 times, he was walking with his mom. Oh. And he got murdered. And then the police notified me and let me know that he was one of the kids that was pretty much about to get locked up for the murder, but he got murdered first. So, and then, you know, when you do something in the streets, the streets know.


So you know, they, they all, they did what they did Instagram and they talk and then, you know, apparently this kid name was the joker and you know, that's what he did. So, you know, but he had to deal with God. You know, that's how I look at it. And then Charleston White said something disrespectful, derogatory towards your son, but he later apologized. Did you accept this apology? But did you talk to Charleston? No. But you know, you can't, I I I can't respect niggas like that because what I knew you for when I asked you what do you know him for, think about it. You don't even know. You know him for disrespecting niggas that's known.


Right. Think about that. You ain't putting no work in out here. You ain't did nothing. You got on the internet at 40 something years old. A nigga that had nothing going on and disrespected niggas that put work in. I can't respond to no like that. Me and you ain't on the same level. Think about that. I can't respond to a, that called POS online. Wow. Think about that. I can't respond to nobody that tell you, come, come, come do this. You got a gun, come nigga, let's get it.


We can get into it. But then you call a PO online man, it's pretty obviously me and you ain't the same type of man. So I I I let do they talking man. I ain't, I don't worry about that shit, man. We talk about that. I don't even know what I know you for. You ain't did nothing. Wow. Feel what I'm saying? I do. I I don't know what I know you for other than talking shit about that's known. That's actually doing something. That's actually doing something. Oh man. What we talking about? Man? You mentioned earlier in the interview that you had gotten shot. I think you got shot in the wrist. Stomach. Yeah, in the foot. Yeah.


How did that happen? I pulled the gun out on me. He got a drop on. You got the Drop on me. You didn't run out as fast. I mean you, I thought you could run. That's Why I'm still in. I told you Wallo would've been dead. We would've been in so Hard. How do I see I got Hit You slow Motherfucker. I got busy. How do we get gun violence out of our community? Is it possible, Gil? Nah, it's never possible. Can We, can we reduce it?


Yes, we can reduce it. Okay. Some laws gotta change. Okay. Especially in Philadelphia. See there's laws all different ways. See in Philadelphia, you come home for gun cases. Motherfuckers beat gun cases every day. You know why in New York don't carry guns like that. Oh, you going away for a minute. They Locked Pleco burs hands. They go, you going away for a minute. They don't play Pleco Burs one of them Super Bowl. They said we don't give a fuck. Yeah, he had a gun in the club. TikTok. Yeah. And he shot himself Lil Wayne. Yeah. Come on nigga. He had a gun. Come on. So in New York don't really carry guns unless they going to go do some shit. Right. You feel what I'm saying?


Philly, everybody carry guns. Yeah. I'm everybody because these be gun cases every day. This mess, this mess, this dismiss this smith. So until you change the laws, it ain't going to be really no gun written. Then, then think about it in Atlanta you just a lot anybody could carry. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's open carry state. I mean the south, the south is everything is open carry. That shit's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. It's the wild, wild west. So I just read, I saw about this 17-year-old basketball player, straight a student. Am I wrong? Gi used to be like the athletes. They got protected. Right. Nobody touched them. Hey, he good now.


He gonna be what? We, you know they gonna be talking about the block. He from the block he got out. They protected those guys. What happened? That's who killed my son. The 17th? Yeah, the 17-year-old basketball player that just got shot 17 times. Yes. That's who killed my son. Really? Yes. What was that about? Well it wasn't for my son. Your son happened to be there? Yes. Oh, the them blocks his beefing. They going through it. My son just so happened to pull up out there.


Five minutes. They come to shoot the block up. My son's not from that block. He don't, you feel what I'm saying? Yeah. He just so happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. At the wrong time. What the That's how deep it is Bro. He, he has the potential to get out. Right. And he living that life. No, no, no. But see, you don't understand. He got videos out where he got a D of mask on. Right. Bunch of guns in his hand. He so these kids is influenced by all the wrong things. Right. To shit that don't matter. You know what I mean?


Right. The shit that once upon a time when I was growing up in the ghetto, I was influenced by, and then when you, when you, when you, when you experience things, when you go places when a vacation to you is not going through a toll booth. So you gotta understand if you from Philly right now, go to Atlantic City and you call 'em and they say they out of town. Yo, I'm ot, I hit you nigga you 45 minutes away nigga you went through a tow booth. You talking about that's how poor the city is. Right. Mother go to Atlantic City and they tell you, yo, I'm ot, I call you when I get back. Right. You 39 minutes away in a car, nigga, what are you talking me? You ot.


So, So you gotta understand Right. That's what we grow up in. These kids don't know no better. Right. They, these kids actually think that you can't make it as a rapper unless you killed somebody. Unless you did something out here in these streets. This is the mindset. Yeah. Why, why why is the rap, why is that glamorized? Why is going to jail? Or I pulled that iron out, I put that stick on something. Why is that glamorized limit? I I have no idea. I told you when I was young, we glamorized the person that was getting money to hustler to.


That's why rap names was like Gotti rap games. It was always somebody that was getting some money. Now it don't be about no money or nothing. They, they'll kill you by an Instagram post. Right. You said you was gonna slide. You ain't slide yet. Right Now slid. Are you serious? Right. So it don't make no sense and it, it, it is no, it is no answer for it. It's just like, it's just flat out plain stupidity. Have you ever thought about leaving Philly? Oh, I live in Jersey so you know what I mean?


I'm somewhat racist. What that doing by my house? Bro, come On. You ain't never seen That. My house by itself is the one by my house. You provided $4 million in grants for black owned businesses and social services organization. Yes. You feel like that is your responsibility? Yes. To give back? Yes. You gotta understand there's people out here that got businesses and they, they work their way up. Nobody ever gave them nothing in their life. I had an opportunity to bless a bunch of businesses, a bunch of people that's doing it.


Right. Because you just didn't have to be a business. You had to be a business that struggled during the covid. Right. You had to be somebody that paid their taxes. You had to be a real business. And for the minorities that were a real business, it was a pleasure to run up on them and give them a hundred thousand. Right. 50,000, 25,000, 200,000, whatever it was, it was a honor. I think as a father, I think a lot of times as a parent, we want our kids to, we don't encourage our kids to follow in our footsteps, but hey, if they do so, hey, I had a son. If he'd have followed in my footsteps, I didn't encourage that. Okay, fine. Cool. To have a daughter follow in your footsteps. What's that been like? Man, it is. It is. It is.


You know what it is? It is beautiful because she's getting responses that she's, she's looking for. Okay. You know what I mean? If they following your footsteps, they ain't shit. You see what I mean? Your son, your son playing tight. End cop in state, he got two catches in four years. He like, I love little Shannon but this nigga ain't shit. And a lot of times but that's, that's the hard part, right? Is that when your dad is successful and that's what bro is up against. Right. Well he ain't, That's what Mike up against. Ooh, little Georgen. Yeah.


I mean, but who, who thought that? Okay, God's gonna give you, God's gonna make your son LeBron go make LeBron James. He gonna make Michael Jordan and you know what, by the way, I think your son should be just as good as y'all two. Look. This don't happen. Come on Bro. You know what I mean? But I'm like this stinking Mike's situation. He out here selling more sneaks than niggas playing. Now with son running around here. Yes. And Michael Jordan, they played basketball in 20 kids Sell more sneaks than everybody. And your boy, you like least snort the coke in the house, nigga. Damn. You can't even wait till you get to the crib to get busy. Lemme ask you this, but when you hear, I don't know if you've heard this, but if you were to hear somebody say something negative about your daughter order, how would that make you feel?


I mean, at the end of the day, I'm in the media so I know how it go. I, I understand that like, like you just talked about somebody who talked about my my son that passed away. That shit don't even make me feel no type of way because I'm like, you didn't know me, you didn't know my son. Right. So for for for media, whatever it is never going to be all sunshine. And, and the, the basis of of a true character in a person is what you do when shit is most difficult. It's not what you do when the sun is shining everybody happy when the sun is shining. What you, what did you do when shit was most difficult?


Did you crack like a egg thrown off the project roof or did you say, okay it is what it is, this is what it is. Now let me attack this shit head on. That's all I'm worrying about because we don't, the way I'm designed, you got me and you, we don't give a fuck about what people say that have no control over what we doing. I post shit on my Instagram for people to talk shit. I don't give a, this is entertainment. Right. Are you entertained? That's all I care about. Right. If you're not, I ain't doing my job and I'm not allowed to keep these tens of millions of dollars coming in because that's all that that matter to me is that my grandkids, they ain't going to have the same issues that I had other than that baby.


Everything ain't the don't worry my daughter truly know. Do I give a fuck about where anybody think about me. I'm 48 years old. I showed up to a goddamn football game in a full uniform. Think about that. Thigh pads, knee pads, hand warmers, the quarterback, play sheet helmet. I didn't even have real shoulder pads. I had goddamn lacrosse shoulder pads on. So my shit all lopsided. Think I to the point when the players see me, they like this. Yeah. I'm nigga I want that Super bowl. But, and this is what I told time coach Bryan, I said, bro, I don't believe the people are hating on your kids.


They hating you. Yeah, absolutely. This is the opportunity. So they might not, this is about you getting they ain't about her. You Right. Because we are want to be protective of our kids. Right. I ain't got nothing against her. Right. I got everything against you though. Absolutely. Just like at, just like Shiloh. Yes. Right. He go to the shrine game. Right? Yeah. You didn't see nothing about any other player come out of the shrine game. Nope. Shallow struggling and Coverage because what you ain't never heard nobody say his daddy's struggling in coverage. Right. Right. He, he. So at the end of the day, what I do, I DM him. That's gonna be great.


Yep. What they talking about. And then the game come up and then when the actual game come, y'all have no, nothing negative to say except we may please. So that's what it is man. Well, without further ado, I'm honored to have your daughter perform right here on club Shake. Shake. Oh man. That's beautiful. That's beautiful. That's welcome. I got, I gotta drink some more. This smooth shit to that. Yeah. You the one that'll be saying Yeah. Oh come on, come on. Coming to the stage right now. This thing a unreleased Plastic cup. Well, Lemme say it. This ain't I'm happy man. I'm happy. It's my baby New York LA For the fall.


I need too truth. We both, so the conversations don't make who call you out the flag.


I get too up and lose my common sense. Stay on me. I know I can't win. If you gonna waste my time again. I like a you say that I'm too dramatic. Say you ready and I let you have it. Say it again. Let you have it roll up on me. Like she never I don't call, I'm off missing home.


We both better on conversations. A That's New York LA singing her unreleased song. Plastic cups. Let's give it up. Yes. Appreciate you brother. Love you brother. All my life been grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle, pay the price. Won a slice. Got the roll of dice, the swat. All my life I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, price, slice.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info. Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.