
I'm partnering with PayPal, this Black Friday Why settle for just one deal when you can stack them with the PayPal debit card. Earn 5% cash back on Up to a thousand dollars of monthly purchases in the category you choose. Apparel, health, groceries, beauty, or new for the holidays. Tech. Yeah, tech. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limit supply C terms at PayPal dot com slash rewards pal. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank and a pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


What's Pop And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you For more. check out Bose dot com.


You can count on T Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest five G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch Up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Shop Dell Technologies's Black Friday event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today. With limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core Ultra processors. Black Friday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade but it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at Dell dot com slash deals. That's Dell dot com slash deals.


Black Friday football on Prime is back this week. the Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable Catch. an old school rivalry for a new game day. firing Downfield stream for free. Only on Prime. Great move Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs. kickoff at three. PM Eastern Pregame at one 30. PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch. Black Friday Football For details


The Volume. All right man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm a host. My name is DJ Wells. Same game with me to my left. I got my dog Bishop B here out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty. Chilling. Nasty. Let's get toured baby. I'm back. You back Where you go? Where you from man? Where you back from? Just took a little dip off to Texas. We back though. That nigga said he moving to Texas. I wish you gimme a little spot. Little high rise. Mm Talk to a few people. Okay. You about to be one of the people in Houston who ain't got no job. Yeah, I already don't have one. Oh no you, you signed Up to do line.


You have a job. Definitely. That's why your ass is back. He supposed to come back Monday. Hey quit this. Knew I was five 20 in the morning. We'll be recorded. Don't you worry my I'm supposed to come back Monday. He is live to about right. I got my dog Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what man? I'm back. These was by the though. These some classic nines man. Shadow nines man. Yeah, these are original pair of nines. Not the actual original. I'm just saying original colorway for sure. Yeah. I fucked with these. I had looked around. I seen them when I was you know, clean up some stuff in my what year 'em come out? They might be 20 10, 20 11 I think.


Yeah, they around that time. But what's so crazy is like I know the A nines came back out and they was two 10 and you know people was on the fence about grabbing 'em. I seen a lot of people get 'em but everybody was like why the fuck are nines two 10? And I agree. 'cause when those were dropping we was still Foot Locker men. Freaky Mike. Them was on sale. Those the original colorway, you could get nines for less than like one 20. Damn. Yeah I fucked with this color way though. When I, when I was looking in the closet by the door, I was like damn, I ain't seen this colorway in a minute. So I was like, I decided to pull 'em out. Ah, I seen you. You know what I'm saying? Showing off on the Instagram. So I saw that you pulled out the flight ones. Them was tough. Yeah because shout to my dude OG nineties. He, he like all retro kicks so Yeah Schooler.


Yeah. Yeah. Fuck Shout out to Schooler. I fuck with his page content. You fire? Yeah. Yeah it's content dope. So I was like shit I got them man. Them flight ones is super, super fire. Yeah but these is the most fire. Shoot we got this today. Okay, you got the mail. Check my dog the Fox. I forgot my anime name. What's this right here? Norto? Yeah these the Anate Norto joints. I don't know if that's really it but that's what we gonna call 'em on here. But these is fire man. Shout out to him showing love man. Sending me some kicks. I'm a hooping them. We call this the Buzz Lightener color wave. We just naming our shoe. Naming 'em for him. We don't know that T Khaled? Yeah we done named him for him. The Buzz Lightener color wave. I love you don't got the UA on there.


Huh? Everybody else got the UA nasty on they shoes so Nah he had a brand curry though. That's why you said yeah you got the curry on the back. But he made it real discreet kind of though. Yeah kind blend in. Yeah it blend in. I still think that's fire for him to have a signature shoe under another athlete is still Elite and for his shoe to look like that. 'cause if you look at some of the other shoes on the roster, that damn sure don't look like that. But them are fired. Nah, he's probably the best under arm I seen. I ain't even trying before you wear no jeans, you outta pocket. I ain't gonna say you can wear 'em with jeans D Fox. I ain't gonna wear 'em with jeans but I'll definitely hoop at him. Yeah. D Fox not wearing with jeans. He got the lifestyle off the court shoe for sure. That's all performance base. Let's get the money, roll some jeans and have them on Laced. That ain't swaggy. Hey listen you could get a sweatsuit off with these for sure.


The denim is tough. I don know about that. If, if Dom said you can't wear the bronze, I don't know if you could do you know what I'm saying? The D Foxes I'm saying I mean he's more wearable than Bronze. Well yeah it's tough. Not the new LeBrons not the new bro. Some other Oh those are the new LeBrons I'm, I'm gonna rock with though. I like original designs though. I like people getting that shit off. The new LeBrons is like you ain't nobody trying to bring new LeBrons man. Nah, shout out to D and Fox bro. Fuck with them man. I fuck with D. Nah shout to the brand too. Having your own brand is fired. Me and you killing it on 'cause I'm Box. I fuck with the box. Yeah that's solid man. Shout out man. Hey listen, while we was gone, everybody's requested this Kendrick Lamar dropped a new project, you know what I'm saying? Did y'all get a chance to check it out, know you been on the air?


Yeah bro, I like it. You know what I'm saying? You still taking some shots but I like the damn turn the TV off, whatever the hell it's called. I like that better than not like us. Damn. Yeah you was early on the you you never really fucking with Not like us though. You stood and I love Mustard. I speak high on Mustard but that to me to beat the production on that is the transition is better man. The fact that he really started that whole project off going crazy. The whacked out murals was fucking insane. It's one of my favorite Kendrick Lamar songs already but him doing the har part six with Drake tried to dis him on and then him doing it over the SWV and giving his version of like the Kanye last call of how the TD she played out and what happened was absolutely fired me.


I like the song with Scissor too. Oh yeah I be bad with names of songs but that shit, that shit go called Gloria. Yeah I had a bitch named Gloria. I ain't listen to it. I ain't gonna lie. Nah that's Glory. I listen to the, I listened to the first song that was it. Oh the white out murals? Yeah. I ain't listen to nothing else. Nah you you gotta give it spin. I just think it's fired because I don't think this is the album we talking about. He's about to do the Super Bowl and a lot of different stuff coming up in February. I don't think this is his album. I don't think this is a throwaway 'cause I feel like the production's too great but he about to end the year off on some crazy shit. Yeah somebody else got a rap though. What you mean like what Kendrick just taking over Kendrick. Damn on that Drake shit y'all niggas ain't rapping. Fuck.


I'll make a album. Yeah it is been quiet and I've seen a lot of other news and music outlets have been talking recently like saying like alright end of the year, you know typically this is where we get big albums for different people. Like where it's at I don't know where we're gonna get a call album. I imagine soon with him doing all the stuff he's doing. He was probably about to drop then Kendrick dropped. He probably like fuck bro. Kendrick Daner stepped actually not Daner, he did step on Dre Cole bro. He stepped on him bad because we just got the warm up bro on Apple Music. We were just talking about going through the closet. Yeah he dropped that on Friday. We as geek for that. And then after that was like yeah bro I don't care. Yeah one of them gotta come out with some new music though bro because the youngsters and the girls is taking over. Y'all like them real lyricist. The Kendricks, the Drakes, the Coles, the Yays, them type of people.


It's kind of spooky. Now Listen, I think we're getting a call album though, but then before we get started man can you so I can get in my mode 'cause I got my Skel on today. What am I doing? Ah Down She pops up like mother fuck Undertaker. You sitting right There. Damn my fault. What we got today? We got The freaky Mike. The freaky mike. I ain't drinking that. I'm Right on what is Viagra in it. I appreciate. Wait don't worry. We're gonna make it a freaky Mike Driggs.


You know what, actually thank you. I am gonna indulge. Oh yeah, you have shout out to Roman. We gonna let the Roman dissolve any Well Pause. Not that Mike, the freaky mike get dissolve. Nasty. Okay free you. That ain't free. Is this like the lemon drops we had in Vegas? Why would you order lemon drops? I'm still mad at you about that. You did order a bunch of dudes lemon drops. Well I said can I have the same thing that got last time she brought back lemon drops? Why did you take 'em from her?


I paid for 'em before she Even broke. And you served them to what The fuck? No, no. How was it headed to you? Because it was like tea. What do you mean you was there? I was, I I I didn't remember he was like to you he was like Tea I what the fuck is this? I was Like, y'all drinks is right there on the on the Counter. They was on the bar. They Was on the bar. What? What's, what's in this Mike is the freaky mike what's in here? False. Did say give thanks what they say? Yeah Because the holidays Is coming up so y'all cups say I'm thankful for and it's a fun spot and then the little things just say Things alright, it's a Holiday. That's a good question to ask today. What are we thankful for? Damn Man.


Or is this the wrong episode? We should do that on Wednesday. You could do this. This the moment is now. I'm thankful for a lot of shit. Hope I be thankful for this Roman. When they kick in I get outta here. Hey, when you said this the real rings, you're crazy. No, I'm thankful for, I'm thankful for the game. I'm thankful for So Little boost.


She gave me the idea, not the execution but that's the, that's before we lose our sponsorship. What's the greatest in this drink again? And the freaky isn't like a Al Seltzer Diler. We Have Reposado passion fruit, agave, triple stick and a splash of pineapple juice and juice. Okay, turn up. Yeah I'm about to. I'm about to have a good time today. Mike's sweating his eyes Order about be good. Give thanks. You Ready for your freaky mic? Oh Paul, You ready for your freaky mic is Wow Mike live a wild life boy.


Lemme find out. You used to be a stripper back in the day. His name is sticking bro. They merchs on the way bro. Yeah we gotta get, we do the merch. George gotta be freak the freaky Mike Mechs on the way bro. You the type of nigga that pop out of a cake For sure. Wow. Hey we gotta have a Patreon episode. They want the origin of freaky mic bro. They want on a bike store. They wanna know how you became this man. Make sure we have a real sit down pat and we'll tell it facts. But we, we only get to lie the story. We can't tell the real story. I'm not, there's a lot of truth in it. But see, subscribe to Paton so we won't say too much. Shout outta pocket. See you're ridiculous. Hey did you see Fred Van Fleet call that riff a bitch?


Yeah. Well we appreciate the drink young guys stay here unless you want to join the show. I'm trying make my Exit On bar. We appreciate you Van Fleet out pocket bro. He's crazy. Oh we gotta address the first thing though. All right niggas I was wrong. Cooper flag is fucking 17. Fuck that nigga. Yo lame ass supporters. I said I'm about to tweak out like Meek Mill on Twitter. If somebody else write me being disrespectful I'm gonna go crazy. But I had to step out. I'm like you know what I play all day. I joke I can't even get mad about this because I'm like this nigga don't even know what he just said.


For real. And I'm talking about these people. That's how I know people are dick eaters. I'm like y'all are really repeating this shit. And it's the evidence is like right there though. Oh I was so wrong dude. I just right there the Duke page, they wrote me Cooper at 17. He doesn't turn 18. Told me his birthday, everything. He leads our team. You know every stat Then I watch him get to every everybody in the world. It's why I said it. Everybody that watched our show wrote me when they beat Arizona and he killed like yeah stupid motherfucker. He said oh my god because I was a stupid motherfucker. All up until the morning two people start really doing they research. They like damn be here.


My fault. Hey as soon as we got off air, the five 20 footer page was up. Niggas like yeah go look at this team USA scrimmage. I was like aw yeah my fault yo who the show was over? I'm like no we ain't. It ain't over. This nigga is just wrong right now. There have been worse arguments about war. Serious. I wasn't, I wasn't even worried about that shit though. That's all fun. I was more so worried about like this nigga got like real fans. I get it but when you are repeating some shit that you know is wrong. Right because you love this nigga so much. It is crazy. I'm like nobody Googled, nobody did nothing like Teague got stands now he got the fan back. No he for sure do but I'm like you know when a nigga is arguing and he going so crazy.


It is damn near like people saying man Teague are so good. It saying unbelievable. I'm God hey bunch niggas saying that is the most dick eating shit ever bro. It was a bunch of niggas like nigga fuck it. I was riding with you but you wrong as fuck. I was like damn I was about to say it on my you say loud or wrong. I was like nah fuck it. I'm gonna tell that nigga on Instagram. What I be here, this one 'em be here. I wrong. They like why you say I was like, first of all I was like nigga we talk about each other all day. I was like that nigga even they was like you said he passed water to George Hill like bro I said Behe don't care about basketball. I don I. don I don fuck I don. I said that nigga told me I had cabbage for knees a long time ago. Yeah I don I don.


I ain't like how you said it to be. I was like Bn got a fan back stuff. Yeah niggas okay. Niggas was on my head I got you know I don don't disrespect D hen. And so I was like damn. I was like I said something about Hoop and I ain't say he was ugly or something. They like it don't matter. Like if he hooped, he hooped don't worry about how what he did when he played. I was like why am I going back and forth with you and then all of a sudden Julia Newman popped up. I'm like what the fuck is going on? He talking shit to me. I'll tell y'all that on behalf of Beman. Y'all being closed. I talking about no I don't care about basketball y'all. I give him shit 'cause he really hooped for real. I don't care about no basketball and now I gotta, now we gotta tell how the origin story with me and Behan so they had know like it is love because he met me talking shit about basketball.


Yeah we really got like close like that. For real. Well we did a shovel Mac. It's coming soon but yeah I just told that nigga I forgot we was all music Mondays Monday. Yeah had a blue Challenger. We was all out there talking. Yep. In the parking lot and it is just a basketball debate and I think Brad or somebody might have said something about she, I'm like yeah he's definitely better than Jeff. Wait until my, you get to the league And that's, and that's how we fucking met. Like that's how we got cool. Nigga said hey he's better than you nigga fuck who is this? Because Jim was like, who is this nigga? Like I like I heard shell name. I'm like nah we ain't doing that 'cause Brad and him and Bubby everybody used to.


Hmm. He not like that. For real bro. I'm like my nigga is going to the NBA bro. Fuck. I stopped taking him to Tremors for a reason and he made it and these niggas end up being best friends once Shell came to a, that's a fact that's the dog now. But yeah he win that shell so bad at the damn what was that? The Goodman? Yeah the Goodman game. Yeah that was a lockout year. That was a crazy game. You zebo, EJ John won out so confused like what's, what's the beat, what's going on? He playing super hard. It's all because of this nigga. But that's a, we got a, we got an interview on the Tuck for sure Max. We think we actually thinking about dropping that for Thanksgiving. So that's ironic if you bring that up I think it'd be a good time to bring that episode out for sure.


Whenever. That's fine. Thanks story for both of y'all. That's funny as hell man. Nah he, I like, I know people love Teague. I get that. I've been around this nigga for over a decade but this post right here, this is the first time like I got mad. Me and him play all day. We talk the most to each other. We get out of pocket. But that shit right there, I ain't gonna lie y'all I was pissed. All these people writing me be you a dumb motherfucker da Jeff. Right. He really be at them games. I'm like no he don't. Well he said game but he, they thinking this nigga go to every EYBL. That's why I, that's why I was trolling 'cause I know that nigga know a u.


That's why I said I'm the real angry. You ain't no guru, I'm a guru. I'm like you just look up YouTube. But that's what I do. Motherfucker said Jeff really be at all pizza jams and everything. He be on all the circle. I said win y'all got all this evidence. Please show me when this nigga seen how these niggas what That shit was funny. I said I know he know about the players. We always talk about whos but god niggas be locked in for sure. But that's funny as hell bro. I'm talking about for real Jeff really be at them games nigga coach. I said do you know who he coach God damnit you know be at some games and his summertime be booked with practices and summer league and all that other shit. That was good though. But that made that show. That made that episode kind of lit though. It was. That was a really good episode too.


Five 20 morning man if you haven't checked it out. Yeah we on the same shit like we all here now. It's up. Yeah it is. It is damn near over. It is up now. I'm bringing my polo back tomorrow. I gotta get some order around there. Hey what made it funny is whenever y'all have back and forth people start making false narratives and I seen on Twitter were just like, I knew it was a reason why Jeff didn't like those black forces. He really hates being I said God damn y'all he had argument thought we was be before long. I I'll be hype about the black force. Nah I just be like I that's why I don't read them comments but people come to get wicked to my mentions bro like wicked. This is crazy. I was laughing why did Julia new H way I don? I remember one time on one of his posts and I told him I was show him some love one that book I remember I sent him on his post one day he was dribbling, I was like man I ripped that shit like just, just talk.


You know how we talk? Yeah. I'm like bro I still that and go dunk that. A bunch of people commenting under it I guess. And was just like, oh Jeff will kill you. And he wrote back like you a whole, you a he a hating ass old dude. You weird. Damn. I'm like damn nigga I just sit out no I don remember you told this? I was like, I'll just sit out rip you like okay. So then he kept going. I was just like, who cares? You know what I mean? I ain't really paying no attention. So somehow somebody commented again. He commented like yeah he weird or something. So I just, I was bored that day and I was like nah, I mean keep keep doing your thing. I seen your stats, you've been killing. Oh lord. How old is he? I don't know. His college stats would have been up and down or whatever.


So then he DMed me was like quit be and a hater and like help me. I was like oh okay. Like he started saying like help me and shit. So I was like okay cool. But I wasn't really hating it. I ain't because I really didn't. Did he say? He said I didn't really know his stats. I just seen the highlights that he had like a college moment. Yeah they, they weren't being too nice my boy how tall is that nigga? Everybody started writing me like this is his stats, this is his stats. And I was like oh damn I yeah. I was like damn we was trying to keep the light bulb. I didn't want you to actually read it. I didn't know that so I was like oh when I said it I was like damn I ain't gonna say nothing because they clipped it up. It it is crazy. He's a child of prodigy. I was like damn I ain't mean to do. That's what made me realize the internet was fake with sports though.


Mm. When I seen him like really like he was killing but they never showed like like we be talking about we getting 40 but you lose by 60. Yeah and I didn't realize that you would think that he was winning every game and every camp, every matchup like it is lot of clips that wasn't seen for real. So yeah. Yeah but well shout out to him though bro. You ain't your daddy that was his daddy was the first LaVar Ball on some real shit. Nah, well out to him 'cause he still doing whatever he trying to do to get where he wanna go. Sure He made some paper off that shit that TV showed too. Yeah like hooping in college it ain't an easy thing like everybody talking shit bro. I mean he smaller guy trying to hoop in college. It's a tough, it's tough bro.


For sure. So I ain't hating on I got nothing but love for it like keep doing your thing. But I think it was part that he was just like hey put that hate shit but actually say hey help me, help me that that's fine. You got respect. Y'all was like damn alright I wasn't even trying to joke you but like you was dribbling. I'm like nigga I rip that. Yeah bro. But if you say we would rip you bro listen all this sympathy help and depression nigga go listen to Rod Wave nigga fuck you I don't give a fuck. Go listen to Rod Wave. Hey we here now let's go how you gonna talk shit And then say nigga help me nigga you ain't homeless. We don't even help the nigga on Michigan Road about a goddamn Chick-fil-A we don't know you nigga. He not homeless apparently. Oh he's not saying oh he's not homeless.


He we don't gotta go down that road I don nowadays bro. I just hate used be talking crazy than ask for hell bro. He can't help you. Me He thought I was talking, I'm like bro I'm just talking like bro basketball shit. Yeah it's all good. That's funny as hell being here also on Twitter. You came up as a topic because of what you said about Stevie last week. A new like y'all seen the movie right? Haven't y'all? Yeah obviously y'all seen where he hit the road Jacqueline that songs and like and when it first came about he was arguing with shorty and she starts singing that. They were like who was worse between him and Stevie Wonder? They was just like for you to be in an argument with your girl and create a song me argument is the coldest shit ever. Nah for sure. But you know what I respect Ray JI call him Ray J they the same type of nigga Ray Charles.


I respect Ray Charles the same type of nigga though because they, the freaky tales is the same. They treat women the same fucking way. Why I respect Ray Charles even more because Jamie Fox really glued his eyes. Oh for real? Yes bro. Yeah when he played that role he really, he real out there like he really glued his eyes. One of the best pics for sure for me. Yeah And really learn I say the best. That's probably the best for me. Nah for sure. So I don't know what a nigga that's playing Stevie going do bro just put these shades up my nigga at Rock Out. Well see. You think Stevie can see because Stevie got so many nigga you ain't blind moments. Yeah nobody ever said that about Ray Charles man him telling Meow that he was his favorite player to watch is crazy. How do you even know what mellow looks like bro it's so many.


That's why I don't fuck with Stevie. I remember you cut your hair I don I don. That nigga took well that nigga was taking a picture bro. My after it's my favorite picture. Did Y see that nigga shoot that free thought bro. Yes bro that's, there's so many moments that nigga in the car, he's driving the car the test drop now granted that's on the trailer so like they actually don't drive the car to where it's like stationary. It is still funny as hell. No I'm saying though stick but the is crazy. You don't do nothing that's blind that blind people do bro. Be blind bro. How you this active? You the most active blonde nigga ever bro. Why is he taking a picture though? Like stop letting them motherfuckers do your hair like that bro.


He don't know. He ain't seen it bro. The motherfucking Kwanza bees dangling on them. I hate that nigga man. I ain't lying bro. Stevie, Stevie Wonder bro. I you, you on thin ice bro. My momma. Hey man you on thin ice. It's crazy for real bro. Boy. Oh man I believe Stevie Low man shout to Stevie. I can't wait till to get on the podcast. You Stevie Wonders. How you tell a nigga you my favorite player to what? You've never seen anything sports related bro. He told me my favorite player to watch Nigga only tell me I like your music troller man. No he not. Shaq said that nigga drove all this freaky weird ass shit bro. I'm nothing bro.


Stevie JI mean Stevie Warn is he a real Stevie J? Nah, Stevie Warn only need to talk about music bro. Your ears work well bro. When they shut your eyes down your ears amplified bro. I ain't gonna lie. His ear crazy. Yeah you feel me? You got stadium ears bro. But the goal, you see anything? I'm asleep. Shout out to Stevie man.


The ember is NBA cup is here and you can win big. Getting in on action at Draftking Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in a single elimination end season. Turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the Draftking Sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right. Club five 20 CLUB five two oh and bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. All the on DraftKings the crown is yours.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro, make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's real-time data visit join signals.com today


With millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies. Which is also different to Jerome's his eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from ha ha to to Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits


Attention Parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes Guardian Bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian Bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease and because you're committed to driving that thing further, then the odometer can even handle you Start thinking to yourself, you know what, I could probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay Minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your rides info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love. More than anything knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay


things people love


What's popping. And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You, turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey we had a wonderful conversation about the players only beating on the morning show but then it came out that Paul George and the podcast about the team only meeting to have with the Sixers and everybody was just like, if it's one thing for y'all to have this in the locker room, why the hell would you do a podcast about it? Fuck get your content off. Mantel did a report. They was just like Pod George Promise he would be more consistent with his podcast and the Philly Fed. They started to show the hate now. Yeah but I'm saying do you know anything that he said on the pod? Like did he address anything? They kind of went through a little bit of it. I mean they didn't like spill the beans nothing. 'cause Joe and Beatie still saying hey who the fuck told everybody this information? I wanna know who said that. But they just kind of went through it. But they're just like, damn, y'all won two games.


Y'all sitting here having a conversation about a conversation. Who gonna get a fucking bucket? Yeah but you gotta have them type of meetings with your squad bro. If y'all trying to, you know if y'all not trying to taint you gotta have them team meetings bro. Mm What can we do to get it better? But it might be over with for Philly bro. Ain't gonna lie. They have a 4.2 chance to get in the playoffs as of today. 4.2. I ain't rolling with Philly. It's quiet over there. As much money as they spent this off season 4.2 is crazy. How many games I think is before Allstar break? We got just a guesstimate. We don't got a like they about 13 games and what's in close near half. Around 40 ish maybe? Yeah they probably got like 30, 30 maybe 30 games. Yeah. I don't think they can go. They don't, they can't get 15 of em TG out with that same knee injury.


Shit 15 ain't enough. If they starting today and they get 15 they were like two and 13 or something like that. Yeah, yeah that's that's oh damn used they gotta go on like they gotta get like 20 of them things to make something. For real, for real. Yeah. Shut it down for the season. That's crazy bro though. Yeah like when we started this show this year we talked about them being I had potential. Y'all told me they wasn't gonna be good though. I knew that it's too many injury pronged people on one team. Yeah. Yeah. I was just speaking off strictly if they was healthy but I'm like damn. Yeah I remember you said that. I was like y'all still out there is still kind of, I was like it's gonna be a stretch for all them to be healthy. Yeah they all tend to like be injured like pg ever since he got the leg injury he ever since that OKC year when he was down there in the MVP race, ever since then he'd be injury prone.


I know his last year in LA he played a lot of games but that's contract year. You know what I mean? You know how I go. Yeah for sure. I played 82 my contract year and then came to the crazy Was that a bad, was that a bad business move though? For For who? For Philly though? Yeah, as of as of today. Yes it is. I mean when you look at it like right, I'm talking about before you knew he was you know gonna be injured. Would you, would you, if y'all was the, whoever makes that call, would y'all have made that call to Well dur more is being thirsty realistically and this is what happens when you be thirsty in any event of life they were thirsty for a a, a notable name to bring to the team to help. Right. And wanted to move on from Tobias. Like you said last episode, PG was not the first, second or third option to go to Philly so that's not where they were looking at first.


They were trying to get anything to improve for next year and that's what they got. Is Paul George better than Zach Levine right now? Right now Healthy. If both of 'em are healthy. No. Nah. Zach Levine's younger. Yeah I was gonna say the only reason I'm saying that is age I don't think skill up but just because the age and I mean availability for Zach Levine's iffy because he's been playing on boo teams. Yeah he's hurt too a lot. But I was just saying the thing about for him too though, the thing about Zach Levine, he Paul George give you a two-way threat. He can score the ball and he can defend, not like he used to but he can still defend Zach Levine zero defense like defense and Zach Levine is like Jeff Tegan defense, they don't exist but Zach Levine, when he play you guarantee 20.


Yeah say that because they was looking at him 20 on 20 shots or 20 on 40 it is gonna be 20. Like now Paul George sometimes don't wanna, he might not give you 20. He might hit the side of the backboard, whatever it might be. Zach Levine gonna get 20. Yeah but it might not be the prettiest might might be. It is gonna be 20 out the gate. So if you needed a definite like 20, I probably the one with Zach Levi but Paul George fit Philly way more though. Yeah because he played both sides of the ball. If you look at that playoff experience, I know PG get a lot of flack for the playoffs but we've also seen PG play well in the playoffs too. Yeah. So if you are a team at that situation they probably be thinking alright at least I know what he gonna give me next to these people. Like I can deal with that Zach Levine's like I don't know what he gonna give us in the playoffs.


I don't know if PG is a well in in LA he became a complimentary player but I don't know if he compliments Joelle and B and Tyrese Maxey very well. Damn. I don't even think we've got a chance to even see if it if we could even prove that or not. I agree with from based off theory for sure but I just like damn could we even get a chance to see if it work or not? Well 'cause I don't, I think what make Paul George great is when he got the ball in his hand. Like he started doing pick and rolls and he get the dribble come off and it's like yeah with Tyree Maxey you kind of become a catch and shoot player which he can do. Well I think Zach Levine does it a little better. He's a catch and shoot three point specialist more than pg.


But I love seeing PG with the ball in his hand or coming off screens like designated mo plays for him and they could do that. They just ain't having a chance to do it. But I don't know if he just fits. I feel like Philly is just like a grimy gutter kind of team. And that's PG back when he used to be with the blue collar pacer shit. I don't know if he that right now. Yeah PG and his later age is probably a little bit more finesse. Finesse and chill. And what's so crazy is now like man they damer got the rookie head the year bro. Like y'all, y'all said earlier that back court they might can say Phil season that they gonna do well but the fact that they gonna look like stars together, they just gonna rock out and then see what you got going into next year. Oh I mean Jeff, Jeff Carter, I always like Jerry McCain's game though but I didn't know he was gonna be that type of spark like to help them.


They should have played him earlier than they shoulda. But that 30 piece I'm a rookie of the year. That's fire. That was I fuck with that. Did they win that game? Probably not bro. No. Let's, I know we gonna talk about in the morning but Lalo give you your props. Yeah I I like mlo. I like mlo. Did y'all see what he did to gni? Funny, funny salesman voice. Did y'all see what he did to him bro? But I told you about Milwaukee top five they back the bucks are back. Listen, listen I know we gonna talk about tomorrow but the bucks are back and I'm gonna say something right now. I ain't got nothing but love for the city of Milwaukee 'cause the bucks y'all done pay for my shoes this weekend.


Shout to draft Kings Dam. Lila, we locked in Twin. That's what cover for me. Well album the first to tell you in Milwaukee does not fuck with you. That's cool. That's a fact. That's fine. We'll not do a five 20 show in Milwaukee. That's fine if you're there they do not fuck with you because the day, the day that they don't cover again it's back to hate so don't even worry about it. Y'all parlay away from me going back to the Hay Philly, Philly fans and Milwaukee fans Write me about your ass all the time bro. They not fucking with us. Good. They hate DJ Atlanta. Low key on the fence. No I'm good in Atlanta on the right side of Atlanta though. See, see there you go. Shout to Midtown. No don't shut that out. That's the worst. That's the worst. Nevermind he gonna start saying that Savannah.


He gotta be out there with Nevermind. I ain't gonna say that. No, no I'm not about say that. I ain't gonna say that but La Lalo bro. What's up about that but Lalo. Oh my god. Hey he filthy. Vicky was light bro. He six a PG is? Yeah he filthy bro. I ain't gonna, I was and you know what's crazy, I thought about you 'cause Youngs don't be giving niggas credit. Yeah he showed love effort. I said oh let's let's keep eye on that. Yeah bro he tried to go already and it got spooky. I ain't going, we gonna talk about it in the morning. Okay there what else? What else happening in the world because that's gonna be great for the morning 'cause I say damn be here you the last two years you done call some some shit And I'm like man I tell niggas all this is, this is the thing y'all niggas really watch basketball way more than me bro.


I swear to God y'all do. But I got a knack for who called bro Shaa. I called Shaa career early Clipper Anthony Edwards. Yeah before he even got drafted, niggas didn't even know. Only thing I didn't know is that he stayed with Josh and them back in the day fucking with Shell. I saw him. Who else nigga I called Golden State that first championship my nigga Wag. Hey good they all on wax. I called that shit bro. So y'all like the X's and Os and y'all watch basketball too but I don't know bro. I just be having a i I was gonna go with the OKC shit last year you said? Oh yeah first was like yeah. Yeah you was like them young boys gonna be nice and I, I was not rolling y'all was, I was with me and then Navy became number one in the west.


I said damn he called it and then this year you like Lalo, what'd you say? Comeback player or you said Lonzo was comeback player but lame. I said that nigga still hurt but I said Lalo is a top five PG dead or alive nigga right now. You said that? Yeah. And I was like nah not right now. Nah that nigga, that nigga talking off, that nigga up two just because killing then the only reason why I do say that is because he, they let him do whatever bro. It is damn near like AAU for real. Like him and Brandon Miller, they out there bro and they be fucking hooping. Yes bro. Let them niggas do whatever and I know niggas wanna win. Like I, you know but I know somebody called 'em losers and shit that bro know but I feel like they be trying to get a, they be trying to get a dub though I feel like, like they do try to get a dub but Mello he, he a dog bro.


But he signed me for 200 million. I'm gonna show you why I earn 200. It's more, it's more than 200 too. Nah, but I'm just saying though 200 plus him and Tyree Maxey. I ain't trying to, I mean Halliburton, Halliburton I ain't trying to disrespect him or that. It's just two different type of niggas bro. Yeah we had to have debate who was better between them two and then today you gotta say Lalo right now. Nah, it's just the way they play. Like if you switch a big on Lalo like Officer Rivers had a, he said it one time I was into watching his little podcast, not little no disrespect but I was watching his podcast and he was talking about people be able to getting they bag and he was like, Tyrese, Alibaba don't have a bag. I'm like damn he might be right.


No disrespect to Tyree but it's just the way he played the game. Yeah it's not the same way as like Lalo played the game or whatever. Yeah his one-on-one Isolation is not the same as Melo at all. I think as, as far as not switching no Big o Melo. Yeah but as far as facilitation, I'm gonna still take Tyrese as far as the aspect 'cause he could still dominate the game with Assist. But from a scoring standpoint bro, he can't score 50 like Lalo just did what And if you can't, we haven't seen, I've seen him score at a high level but that 50 I I bet money on that game. I watched Lalo had three points going into that second corner and then I was like all right cool. I had one part like he was under 29 and a half. I'm in third quarter. He ain't, he ain't there yet. He double digits. I just look, I turned back around from dinner and said God damn he got 29. He went I don if crazy in the third quarter bro. I don know if Halliburton could facilitate better than Lalo bro he can.


I'm I'm roll with that bro. I'm not gonna, I was gonna say all I've seen it happen in the playoffs, Lalo has just as good as I'm not, I'm not questioning the capabilities bro. He in their past better than his brother bro. No you got Lonzo fucked up. Nah bro. Lonzo, Austin, the thing about Lonzo and Lalo, Lalo is more of a bucket getter for sure I can facilitate like Lonzo only facilitates. Yeah so like even when he get into the bucket he looking for a pass like Lalo is a overall just better player than Lonzo. Yeah Lonzo is like a utility guy. I play defense. I could pass, I could shoot Lalo bro. I ain't gonna lie bro. Tim, I on YouTube bro.


Him passing the ball. Nah he can pass. Nah I'm not, I'm not questioning that at all. I just say in compared to Tyrese he could pass just as good as Tyrese first got see in the playoffs. I mean that's the only difference he been on a, he'd been with Charlotte who's been in a bad organization for the last couple of years. Tyrese got blessed to come to Indiana because he was in Sac which is got a defensive player of the year candidate you got man he got blessed Pascal aka type nigga like got, he got blessed. Yeah bro. Well who got a defensive player? The on that team? I'm just saying like I'm not Miles, miles Turner, miles Turner bro. Defensive player. The year he averaged did he average like three or four blocks last year he was in a, he should have been running couple years ago. Yeah he was going crazy. Yeah I last year he should have been a running too.


I'm just saying bro I'm just, it's hard playing in Charlotte bro. You come to a well-oiled decent machine. Tyrese got like you said Indiana's never bad even, even they bad years or playoffs. Yeah like playoffs. Like when I was here it was a bad year and we made the playoffs which is crazy. Yeah like Charlotte. Charlotte we was 41 and 41. Them the little dirty niggas that hoop bro. That's how look, listen, you know how I feel about the Hornets so I ain't gonna do too much. You know I fuck with the Charlotte Hornets but Lalo killing man. You got show respect to that for show. Definitely, definitely. I wanna go back to that Fred Van Fleet. Shit how much you think he getting fined for that because he didn't remember he he got suspended a game. He got suspended a game for sure. Did he punch not punch me?


Nah, he got his eye. He got his finger cl and one the first view like it's like that it looked like he snuffed that nigga a little bit but and the, it just shows he got close to his face. He gonna get suspended. What happened though y'all? He was unhappy about a call. Said fuck you. You was a bitch. You was a bitch. Oh that's what it was about a call he did the Joe King. Yeah but them refs bro. And I ain't, I'm not saying what Fred Fred did was right but I think for a motherfucker go that far, the ref's probably out of pocket bro. But Fred be on that though. If you seen Fred he don't, he he'll talk shit in the post crime about a ref no problem. Yeah but I mean he kinda went in on him though. No he crashed out. That's a, that's they said a hundred k you think you gonna get a game suspension for that.


Y'all have the same reps every year. Right. Damn there most of the, most of the year come Up to rapport. Yeah that's like they coworkers bro. Yeah. Nah that's the thing though, like refs is like a gang. Like they gonna stick together. So whoever he cussed out where all them three they gonna report that and they a gang so the next refs not gonna fuck with him. Yeah. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like Iris even said it like or you go watch like a Tim Don he shit they tell you like if you cussed out a ref or did something wrong to a ref they'll report it and all the refs gonna talk and the next ref gonna fuck you whatever that pause. But they gonna do something to you the next game. Yeah. Like whatever it is, they might give you a quick t, they might whatever.


So they gonna talk about this and he probably don't get no calls for a good month. That's crazy. He gonna be shitty. Damn man. I told you the one that HCP Scott Foster, but Scott Foster used to walk in but he controlled a lot man. When I got, when I cussed him out, man he was a bitch. I said something man, he called fucking F you call fucking foul. You dumb ass motherfucker. I did something. No bing, I was done after that nigga. I've never got a foul call from Sky Foster ever again, bro. I swear to God he never called foul from me ever again. I used to be, it's real fraternity. I, I wouldn't even talk to him like I get foul. I that's a, I just walked down the court like it's over with.


That's crazy. And that was my second take of my life. Like the first one was with Sebastian Tail fair and he was my second. That is crazy bro. I didn't know the reps really be on that type of time, but I'm like damn how he talked to him and I know Rasheed Wallace and Ron Artes. They didn't have they run ins but that look a little different bro. Yeah, that was like bro. Yeah you was a bitch. That's like some in the club type shit, bro. Yeah, he treated like, he treated like he owe him some money, bro. Yeah, that was a little, a little different though. That shit gonna hurt for a minute. Pause like he going, he going, they going so that's a half a meal. I don't know. I don, if it's a game check, you know Game I don get cashed out. He definitely losing 200,000 for sure.


If he gets suspended a game. At least that minimum. God, I don't, man, listen, I, I understand niggas can afford it but it ain't nobody that I hate that much and I'm trying to lose 2 54 bro. Fuck that call. You don't be thinking about it in the heat of the moment. I can imagine like Melo saying what he said and got find a hundred bands. I ain't gonna lie. When you, when you don't see it, it don't hit you as bad. Like Mm. When they just take it out your check, you don't even, you know what I mean? It don't hit you like, oh I just didn't have that money. Ah. But like when you look at your checks like, 'cause he been getting paid and you see every, you know what you get every two weeks. Right. For the most part. And that second two weeks. Now when he get it and you see that 200,000 missing, he gonna feel that he, he might not feel it but he gonna be like, man he stupid ass risk man.


I don't even know why I even talk to these niggas. Like yeah don't even look at the account that week bro. That's crazy. That that, that might just be a combo on the paycheck. But what 200? Look, I always wonder who spent the most money in the NBA on text rash. Sure. Wallace. Yeah. Had to damn And Draymond Green like Doghead. Draymond is he's he showing he, he's itching West Top. Do think the millions, I think better World Peace got the most with the fines. Millions because he missed the whole year down there. If you count that thing. Yeah because he Oh yeah. But outside of that, if you just, people just up text though. Yeah, shit. Draymond because I know DeMarcus used to have a lot. Dwight used to get hell Text too. Is it fine by the NBA or y'all wanna know just specifically text Just I wanna know specifically text.


Just text. I know NBA finds a little bit different 'cause Ben Simmons has the most in Ben Simmons. Yeah. 'cause he didn't play 19 million. Hmm. Woo. Yeah. What he sat he gave out? He gave away $19 million. Oh that nigga started making layups. Wallace has been fine the most time even eight fines for a total two 5,000. That ain't shit. So all of all Rashid's career for every feed? No, no, no, no. It's gotta be worse than that. That's not, that's not, that's not, that's not current. It can't be with text. You said eight texts was the most Most fun. The most. That nigga got eight text in two weeks. This ain't fort, this is just fun. Oh, $19 million Ben Simmons.


Yeah because he didn't play but I thought y'all he had to get some of that back. It's no way. He gave you, I thought y'all had, I thought y'all said something about his, his mental health. I thought all that other shit. Yeah y'all know he got some of that back. That can't be right. That's why he had mental health. He lost 19 s. Michael asked Gs because ain't no way that boy gave up no $19 million. Yes. There had to be some recollection. That had to be something that happened with that. He couldn't do that. He papered up though. Ain't got but 19 ain't nobody paper him not taking that layup. Him smoking that layup like that is crazy. He trying to get kicked outta the league. Y'all I'm convinced now we had a conversation I don I don't think there's another world where he gets on another team unless he cleans up his active shit.


I'm really convinced he trying to get outta the league. Y'all the way he missed that layup right there. He probably done with basketball. I ain't gonna say he done 'cause obviously he still getting the game so he can get picked up on a minimum. Ben Simmons on a minimum contract is a good player. Like when you don't got no expectations for him, he's gonna be a good player. So he gonna still hoop a I feel you on that. But it's just crazy that like at this point we're now asking a former no more pick to be best case scenario. Like Kyle Anderson, which is crazy. Lane Kyle is a hooper. I know. Disrespecting him at all. He's cold but come on bro. And that's, I can, you know, I I I get praise for my highs. That's one of my lows right there because I used to speak high. I'm Ben boy. If you seen the documentary where he was just like get this money book basketball.


But I'm saying though, like that's the last you days. But he came into the NBA, he was a killer. He was, he turned into a premier defender, could guard all five positions. I almost bought a jersey bro. Bro. I was a big believer in being early. But I, like I said that mental health shit is for real. Gotta be like, it has to be something that's cra like I don't know how you go from that. Like he was up there, he was like perennial Allstar, he was cold about the process bro. He he solidify the process. Yeah. Dating the Kardashians like you was lit. Yeah until like, I ain't saying he still ain't lit. I don't know his life but probably off the court. But I'm just saying on the court like you was dating the Kardashian still killing.


Nobody was doing that. Not too many people do that. Chris Humphrey, Reggie Bush, Rashad McCann, the list goes on bro. You the only one that prevailed at that time bro. Like for real. So he beat the curse? Yeah. Yeah. I don came, I say I don know if he beat it. I don know if he, he came back to haunt him like Oh he thought you were doing well. Yeah because that, that is I don't know what happened bro. They got my nigga like Charles Barkley and Space Jam bro. When he went to the park, man gimme my powers back because see watching him miss that layup the other day. I said yeah he trying to get kicked outta the NBA blown away bro. He smoked the shit out of that. Yeah, ain't no way. He literally put it on the glass. He just, he he blocked his own shot.


He still a capable player. I just don't know. He just had 10 cents off the bishop a couple nights ago. I don't know what's going on. He might just, shit. Fuck I don't know. Shit. Yeah I don't even care. I don give what soon Ben do your thing. You see they said Ken Thomas is Mo possible. You know what I'm saying? They open for offer for Cam. Oh that's the game. But want they don't want, well y'all think y'all want him to go. Where would y'all put him at? If y'all was a team, what team would y'all pick him up on? We talk about a bonafide score. Who could come off a bench for any team and give 'em what they need. I think any of the few contenders you can see right now need that teams who having problems scoring the basketball, timber woods maybe. Maybe might get in the way with some of they wings if they move deep. Vincenzo you happen to fight like that? Nah, he he scored too much to be on the temples.


Too much of a flow. Yeah he going, he gonna like Atlanta need a score. The Washington need a score. Washington who? Wizard Washington. They on a 10 11 game Luther Street. Shout to Jordan Pool though. He be hooping. But I told y'all that's another one of my shout to JP bro. I wish we could get you on the show one day. You you funny. I wanna talk to you man. I wanna pick your brain man. I got some questions. I fuck with jp. Yeah I wanna pick his brain. He's maneuvering in the NBA way different than a lot of people bro. Than a lot of people. But Kim Thomas, I don't know bro. It's, I don't know where he can go. I wouldn't mad, I wouldn't be mad to see him in like San Antonio or something like San Antonio need a guy like him off the bench.


Like before they process like the dude they get buckets. They got best what's his name? Deb Beel. Bael? Yeah. Whatever he, he's their premier two guard but I think Cam Thomas could be their sixth man They get straight buckets. Cam Tre Young and good boy we elite we That's a hell of a Yeah I'm gonna tell you right now. That lineup whenever they start what's name? Oh nah Cam gotta come off the bench When they start with bi. Nah no. Nah. What's the, the seven footer over there? Seven Weby Weby. When they got Trey? Young? Bael. Weby. Alright then Cam Thomas Crawford.


I want Trey at Cam Thomas at the one to two. No, no. Fuck basketball take turns. Nah Cam they six man. He Jamal Crawford. That'd be crazy. That ain't a bad team. Milwaukee definitely could use him too. Especially out they playing. They could definitely use a Cam Thomas just a back off the bench. I think they need Jordan Clarkson Cam. I can see that Cam is, he can get but Cam is straight buckets like Jordan Clarkson can make plays a little bit. He can like Cam is straight and he plays superstars. Yeah Cam is straight 30. I don't care who on the floor. Who on my team I'm getting 30. Jordan Clarkson can make plays too. So I think they need him. Yeah, he's he's a better two-way player. Kim just won't he Anthony Morrow like get these FGA up.


Yeah I just wanna shoot it. Anthony Morrow. Jordan Crawford. Like all niggas just man just, I'm just here to score 20 points man. That's, you know what's crazy, shout to Anthony Morrow bro. He was ahead of his time if he'd have been around the era, we need you on the C. So many Yeah stories he tapped in. We gotta pull Up to Charlotte Rock with him bro. Yeah, Anthony Morrow was in the NBA right now. He'd be worth about 100 million bro. The way he shot the basketball at that time. Especially with it be Anoc. Okay to do. Now he got a white kid from Boston. Houser. Yeah, Sam Houser. I seen Anthony Morrow. Anthony Morrow's two times a player. He is, no, no offense to Sam Houser, but like Anthony Morrow is a better basketball player and Lee Burner and he probably shoot the ball better than him and he just, bad timing, just bad timing.


JR R Smith was a big influence for sure. For sure.


Introducing signals the next generation of platforms for investors. Designed to elevate your trading strategy by giving access to insights used by Wall Street Pros to dominate the market signals. Uses its proprietary data of $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to spot market trends. Before they make the headlines, we bring you the alternative data that drives decisions at top hedge funds allowing you to carve your own edge in the stock market. Join the insider circle who are already transforming their investment strategies. Visit join signals.com to start your free 14 day trial. No hidden fees, no gimmicks, just pure actionable insights. End your reliance on outdated information with signals. Invest like a pro. Make informed decisions swiftly and stay ahead of the curve. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data. Visit joint signals.com today


With millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's, who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies. Which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from to to Amazon. Books that reading, feeling awaits


Attention. Parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes Guardian Bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid-friendly components. Kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian Bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy writing.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're in the garage, your favorite room in the house and you're tuning up your engine with parts you found on eBay. Every piece is just locking perfectly into place. You step back to admire your work, hands covered in grease. And because you're committed to driving that thing further than the odometer can even handle you start thinking to yourself, you know what, I could probably probably use some new brakes, some shocks and struts. This baby deserves a new air filter. So you head right back to eBay, you can find any part you need. It's unreal from wipers and headlights to cold air, intakes, exhaust systems, and even that turbo you've had on your mind. eBay is that stock garage of your dreams and you've got eBay guaranteed fit because eBay knows DIY fixes can be major and mods are also intense. So you need to know those parts are guaranteed to fit every time before you dive in wrench first and in the off chance you order a part and it doesn't fit, send it back. Simple as that. You know what you love more than the car itself is driving it. You're serious when it comes to engine maintenance and locked in when you're headed into a build. And that's exactly why you start with eBay Minor fix or complete overhaul. You want to get your ride back on the road and you've got eBay guaranteed fit. So eBay created my garage where all you had to do is add your ride's info to get exact parts that fit. When you see that green check, you're a click away from that part clicking perfectly into place. So now that you know all that, imagine standing at that open garage door looking at the car you love. More than anything knowing that anything is possible. Whether it's keeping it on the road forever or turning it into something that's never been on the road before. Because with eBay, your garage just got a whole lot bigger. Get all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe. It these open ear buds. It's like your in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey man, I don know if y'all seen this, but the NBA came out with reports for basically saying to help some of the players who was dealing with theft to go get dogs after the Bobby Porter report and the Mike Conley situation. Mike Conley something outta the mike. Apparently. Yeah. Some people got into the crib in Minnesota. What you getting a dog for? That was what? Fuck me up. I was just like So not an alarm system. Not anything. No, they said alarm system too. The dogs is crazy. That a dog bro. We might need a dog because what the fuck? I heard keys rattle. Yeah. I thought you the fuck I went to my car now. Yeah, yeah. You over there rattling keys and shit.


Being about the dog. Like Martin, what's here? A peach motherfucker a a Georgia Peach. Hear me, my mama. Yo. Chris Brown. I me the freak he say a part of the podcast. Somebody wrote me. It was like, all right, I like y'all show. But it got even better when barbecue became part of it. Yeah, motherfucker. I said relax motherfucker staring that bar a little too hard. Hey Pervs, there's people still in the comment saying, where's Kiki? So there's that. I'm worried we bringing old but on here we'll get a Yung. It may look like making bring some beers.


There we go. Let's go man. Let's ask Floyd up. How she gonna open it? Bite the side. One of Jeff wrestlers, one of Jeff wrestler homie. Speaking of wrestler Greg. Like so cold. Where? What? Jamie. Jamie get the royal rubble tickets. Memory lied to me was funniest text messages. So I was out of town bro. I need dug it with my round. I need got six tickets. I need four myself. Malcolm said I think Malcolm, you put the number said six. So I asked for six and I asked for names. Alright. I need me Mark, mark Keys and Carter. That's three I need. And then Malcolm said he going 'cause he wants see John SE for the last time. Damn, what's up?


Well he sick or something. He retired his last year. You know be sitting next to the NBA finals on they last league. Who? They who? They said this year, Huey Brown year Broey Brown legend. I swear to God he be brown. My favorite announcer legend bro. Legend. I fuck Huey Brown. Yeah. Fuck. See I learned a lot of basketball from Huey Brown. No cap. Nah for real. When I went to five Star Camp, Huey Brown was there bro. It was one of my instructors, bro. That's a fact though. That's a fact. What your five star basketball camp Outside and inside Robert Morris College in Pittsburgh. My about outside. He used to have it outside. Yeah. Who was outside? Damn shout to Huey man.


How know a nigga that went to Robert Morris. Oh, Kevin Durant was there. Was there He was like camp Kevin Durant was bro. How many buckets you did you score? Did you score at this kid? Nah, KD was in a different, Allstar got Was KD there? I got a as sauce. It was some, it was some other top nigga. What's my nigga that went to four? The nine? Damn, I can't remember name guard. You know Arvin Walker? Nah, it was before. So you got, you said it was a lefty went to he was cold, he was ranked early. I gotta tap in with my guy Sauce. Shout out to Sauce. Yep. We made a lot of niggas from DC assault a lot of niggas that played with bees.


Hold on. Left hand nigga went to Florida. Yeah it was back in the day. I can't remember his name. He just wrote me on. I said he, I said his name on one of our old old pods though, when we was at your house, he wrote on there and was like, bro thank you for showing me love bro. Lefty was a killer. Damn five star Camp is Elite though. Respect. He outta pocket for laughing at my journey. You talking? Nah, I'm just trying to picture you and KD at five Star Camp bro. It is serious bro. It is serious. So you, it was level, if it was three courts, what court was you on? I I, it was a court B Court secret. I'm my mama. I was on B Court. That's a fact.


Like how you got the men's league? Yeah. Yeah I was in shape. I was on the B court for sure. I'm not gonna stunt. He played on the, the Robert Morris official court. You was on. I was on that practice court. I was on that court. Yeah. You get that? What person Diane Marshall's nephew was with us. I can't remember his nigga name. He was on court. Donne Max. Shout out to my nigga. Donne Max. Swear to God he was there of the year. He was on the BB court with you? Nah, Donne Mac was a, he was on the A court. A court. So anybody six five dog lefty went to Florida. We know anybody that would've been on the B Court with you. Nah, 'cause I played with a bunch of niggas that were just, we was trench babies. But they was good though. A lot of niggas that play with DCSO was good.


A lot of niggas from that PG County was definitely solid out there. They got some hoopers out there. Yeah, for sure. You know they gonna be in the comments waiting to look up that shit. For sure. Don't El Mac, that's my nigga name. Listen, he went to Memphis? Yeah he went to Memphis then he went to Florida. Right on. Damn I I love the fruit, the Forbidden Fruit. That's a, that's a Kendrick song. Me and my bitch damn. Took it down to the damn, we ain't had a, we ain't had a Cole in Kendrick's house since that. Which is crazy. Before we got, I wanna ask y'all, y'all think Kendrick's shooting a call?


Well what, what'd he say? The only person who congratulated me about the Super Bowl was Nas. What do niggas just send out text threads when niggas get people for the Super Bowl? I think Kendrick's just trolling. He's like man one of y'all niggas say something. Make it fun. What y'all think about him going that way? I think he out of pocket. But I get it for the sport. I don't think Wayne really want that. Wayne don't. And I hope he doesn't. DJ said that. I pray he doesn't. Wayne don't. I love Wayne and I was, I was talking to somebody earlier about Wayne who was debating the Carters and all that stuff, but I don't think he wanna argue with Kendrick right now. Listen, I love Lil Wayne's my second favorite rapper of all time. But Wayne has never really battled anyone.


Him going back at Jay on those songs is him doing freestyles and what he does best. He didn't, what he said was still tight though. Of course bro. The run this town freestyle bro. He has some Oh my god. That's my bro. That's the one the come on show me what you got freestyle. Those are amazing bites. Run this town real quick because that shit, that shit runner town is crazy. Yeah this is, this is how, this is like, like I know we joke about basketball and all that shit but like a nigga that can shoot like Dale Cur can still shoot a basketball bro. Fuck For sure bro. But he can't outshoot Steph. I don't think it's that far away though. Oh it's, I think it's, I think it's that far away. I don't think it's, you think it's Dale Curry to Steph Curry?


You, y'all both was a elite and rap. Y'all both was Elite at that time. I get what you're saying. It was y'all both was Elite at y'all time. Like Wayne still lead but Wayne Elite on some G shit like OG shit. Like when he get on a nigga track it's like Wayne still got it. Kendrick like Barren niggas like I buried Joe Youngin like I buried Joe Youngin. I'm not mad at you for that. You know what I mean? Like you can't even shoot with me and I spared you because I you are one of my idol. Yeah, I spared you don't make me do this. Yeah, don't make me, I don't wanna see that bro. Whose motherfucker Dream Malcolm Barbie. I'm gonna kick y ass motherfucker.


Hey y'all, I, y'all know how long I was Pause, this sound crazy but Friday, Saturday I was thirsty to do a podcast. I was like yo, we got a podcast bro. Like because y'all think this is funny bro. Y'all giving y'all my therapy bro. Nah but back. This is crazy. But you know what's crazy, watching my nephew drink alcoholic beverage. I know man. But he was doing it way before we even started. Malcolm been rolling blunt since he was 13 bro. So at least us have a drink of age with us bro. Hey, what's crazy is I thought about you bro. I was scrolling through my timeline. I seen somebody had a little kickback. I ain't gonna say their name on the table. I seen a bottle of Casamigos and next to it I seen a battle of Mad Dog 2020.


I said I don't know what type of party they having. Yeah but ain't nobody going home safe. Nah, it's gonna be good. You can mix it though bro. Brother. You can bro with Amigos. Yeah you could. You get supposed to really put Mad Dog. You supposed to like when you make mixed drinks. Yeah come a malt liquor. But you put like Sherpa ice cream. This is a baby shower drink. You put Sherpa ice cream, you put the blue Mad Dog 2020 and a premium liquor on top of it. It's the same shit bro. I I I feel like it's a kid that's some old school shit though. It's a kid named Ty Walker went to school with me. You know how you are young and you try to like show the niggas you I didn't drink in college so I thought the shit was goofy.


I watched this nigga drink three Mad Dog 2020s nigga a blue one, A orange one and they got yellow one. Right. They got short red too. He drunk three of them joints. When I, I'll tell you, this nigga made me not wanna drink liquor ever again. This nigga was throwing up for two days. He on his official visit he was throwing up for two days. Like we like oh this was y'all going in Wake? Nah so I was you older than time? Yeah I'm a freshman. Oh okay. So he was coming on his official visit. He had committed to us. He was on his official visit. So niggas take him out and we go to one of the seniors house. He like, yo, we drinking, there's some girls over there. Yeah college shit they got mad Dog 2020 I ain't drink. I was in a corner somewhere. Not saying shit being weird.


Ty like yeah I drink all this shit. I'm like damn all he's seven foot. I'm like go crazy. My nigga like I don't know I don't care. I ain't know you on fuck I don't drink. He like shit tastes like Kool-Aid it do. He like drink one Teague. I'm like hell nah I'm drink I don't drink nigga. I swear to God he drunk three of them bitches. Next thing you know the nigga was throwing up for two days. Damn. Like he can't do nothing as a official visit. You Todd Is Todd Walker still living? We haven't heard him since then because on some real shit bro. You ain't, that's supposed to be damn near he had alcohol poisoning for sure bro. Wine knows we don't abuse Mal like that drink Winos. Pastos. It might not even be Mal Liquor.


I'm probably making that up but I don't think it's a wine but it could my mama. Well you can, it is bro. You it's a wine. It's four. Oh okay. Well yeah you, you can, it's on the shelf at Village Pantry. So that's to let you know. You shouldn't be facing it though. My nigga. My nigga was thrown up for two days bro. I swear to God. What's the worst liquor I ever had? Oh, my first drink. What? Oh no I I would never have a Banana 99 sponsor on this motherfucker. Oh you talking y'all are through. That was one our worst. My first drink I ever had like made for me was Dean's Blue drink and Everclear and we was around the hose that night. Every had that Everclear Dean's Blue drink bro. First thing I ever drank was hypnotic.


Mm. This nigga is fancy. He drunk liquor when he had little paper. How was different? Yeah how drink time was that age Us having that bananas night in a shout out to iu. That was what? A to Z wasn't it A to Z iu if you know, you know beginning of the year me and him pulled up, thought we was on a different type of time and grabbed we got, we came back from A to ZI fell asleep on that shot. Said Greg ain't got nothing for you boy unless you suck this motherfucker gummy worm and getting him to this motherfucker Chico stick It is. And cuddle Uck in my ass right now nigga I was hanging out with you our first drank hypnotic.


Yeah. Yep. We was going to the spot. Yeah I remember nigga the yeah you had, you had some money because nigga, I remember White Remy came out and I swear to God I don't know how big it was. I'm from here but it wasn't big like it was in Atlanta. Niggas popping white in Atlanta bro was everything bro. The bottle was beautiful bro. Yeah like I felt them niggas brought that. I feel like you all Lu and them brought that shit Up to nap. For real? Yeah, we was clown with the white Remy bro. I told you about I'll never forget bro, what you did before your birthday bro. Atsu with the unlimited white Remy. Yeah niggas was waking up in the park garage. I need, I need to find that. Yo, let's bring it back. Yo, somebody was talking to me last night for having a five 20 week.


They said they talked to you five 20 week. Yeah we backing Trumpers back one more time on the strength I don. The only thing about that and I, you know it's no disrespect to to my city or nothing. I just, we're just not attraction like that for us to do something seven days in a row. Yeah, no way. Because our, because our people don't go out like that. It ain't a knock to the city. We just don't hit the clubs. Like in our age group niggas got jobs and kids seven days probably between weekend the best we can do weekend for sure. Yeah, I think we can do a good three days. I think we should do a concert too though. I think we probably got two. I ain't gonna lie. That Friday be kind of spooky. Nah, that's Sunday gonna definitely get spooked. Nah, Sunday be cool.


Should the Hendricks experience every Sunday? I would say Sunday be cool. It'd be Friday. Yeah that might get a little, it'd be Friday for sure. That Sunday be cool. Speaking of that, before we get outta here, be here, you know what I'm saying? You, you booking busy this weekend telling people they can pull up. Oh yeah man. The sneaker gala is November 3rd on my actual birthday. Then we got the Hendrick experience on the Sunday at Culture. Got some people coming from out town too. This is last one for the year. So yeah. Should be a time all my single niggas pull up. What can I wear to the sneaker gala? 'cause I I don't wanna wear a suit. We wear whatever bro. Let's just, I'm the host so could I wear a five 20 fit? Yes. Okay. You gotta wear the Black Forces.


No we can wear whatever want. I'm wearing Black Forces but I ain't gonna lie to you. That's kind of hard to find Black Forces out here. Damn. I know. Wear those. That's I'm saying that's why. Oh yeah. I mean girls, well it's that time of the year. Niggas need Christmas gifts. Them Black Forces is they they they working right now. They putting 'em on feet. Ah. Just j jd Shout out to my people at JD Snipes. We keep 'em on deck and Snipes. Shout to Snipes West 10th Street. Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna go buy some Black Forces and see what I can. But you wear a 12? Yeah, I'm gonna wear 11 half and Forces. Yeah I like mines Lil Snug on a fortune get but dude where do I get the Heni laces from? Well hopefully my shipment, my next shipment come in Wednesday. I got you.


Somebody took my neighborhood back here. They gone and DJ probably clips you so I share that you, you gave me my pair. That's crazy thing DJ ran a a second pair of back with some random laces because what I did when I, when I went to heni x do com, they were sold out and then sold like randomly. Some white lady would pop up, nah don't do that. And she was like, hey if you have a special night, get that bro. I'm trying to build something bro. She was like if you got a special night, no the only point a little date when it be popping up. No hey meet me in a local nor no, no, no, no, no. to me between the local, the only local Indiana site that y'all need to subscribe to know get Lauren.


No I met somebody in Texas this week. He told me that and his girl this no cap at the purple. I went to a purple label event. Y'all got some shit coming too. Y'all welcome. But I was in the party. He said bro that website really works. I said bro, and you get the, your favorite categories bro. It's, it's a lot of them. Be careful. Some of 'em will get you. You know what I mean? But Alright. No I don't even know if I want you to advertise the merchant big ass and Last Bowls is my favorite. Alright. Merch online still Shock club five twenty.com. Yeah man. Grab you some birds grab you some penny eggs. La Go on girl. Wwn BA only point guards and shoe guards though.


What about the small forts? I'm asleep. Nothing on the league. We might be back next time. We don't know how tall the league is bro. Bro. Oh six now Malcolm 2K Bill. No these bitches is getting built different now. I don't know who is dropping dick in these mamas for real wings back in the day. Think about when y'all played high school basketball in the girl's basketball team. The wing was five 10, bro. Five 10 motherfuckers 5 2 5. I mean short like you know about about Lou Height five. About five five. Five six. Five six. Yeah. Yeah. What they down So now 6, 5, 6, 6 Bro are you on a wing? Yeah bro. And Issa's on a wing now.


Well I told that she about six four. You right. Yeah she on a wing now bro. Shooting the jumpers. They got her in the gym so I'm sleeping on that bro. Yeah, I'm too old to hear something. Six, six child. I got my situation. I ain't how tall is she? Six. What I'm saying say six three. Yeah, I'm cool. I'm six three. That's too big bro. I I ain't even six three. Damn you not. I'm six two. Motherfucker taller than me. I can't climb that tree. I ain't gonna, I'm cool bro. That I don't look right 'cause I know your feet crazy if you were a bigger shoe than me. I'm nothing like if you six, six and hoop, you having a crazy a a u. 'cause I know they pounding you in that gym. They kicking your ass nigga because they trying to breathe the next motherfucker.


Brittany Grinder, she wear a 13. That's so she might, I wear a 12. Imagine if she just leader crib hopping your shoes. That's crazy. My mama, you know how you leave your shoes at the door. Her body knows your, if she put your shoes on to go get the mail and they Oh that is crazy. That might be too small. That's crazy. Damn Andrew. But that's, that kind of matched though. 'cause her she's tall but I mean she gonna have big feet. That makes Yeah I couldn't but I'm just saying my girl putting my shoes on to go get the mail and they like fit. She like I'm might wear these like nah I'm feeling these. That's a girl in general wearing a 13. You gotta have little toes. I what the hill look like though? You in heels Filthy. Ooh I know but I'm just saying I fucking, I'm just thinking about motherfucker probably don't her size.


Oh they do a 13 in the hill. That couple but shit, that's Angel Re Yeah for sure. I mean they probably make it for her but like a normal, like when she go to the store they not like yo nah you nah she can't go to Nortrom and grab them. You got these in a 13. What size she got? Think Brittany? 15, 17. What's s they Bernard girls with Big Feet. You gotta match your height. Gotta match though. You know I ain't y'all used to watch the Proud Family like have you ever seen that show? Yes. You remember that Laga had the big was Spanish LA Bill Bulldog. Remember that? Oh wow. Bill or some shit. That's real though. She a rare breed. The Spanish woman usually have small feet. She had, she was five two with a 12.


Oh they see they joning the Spanish motherfuckers and Chinese motherfuckers don't even be built like that. Shit. African women feet crazy though. You see us, you gotta go look we're gonna get killed. African women nodding up Women's, oh African women. Yes. I'm not Nigeria girls. When I had a job I said boy you bitches been through the battle here, here up. Want no smoke with y'all. You bitches was getting caught. Every time we try to sneak off area tuber with the bad. But they probably thought there was men leaving though. They big. Nah bro, that's f bro footprint because I know when women get older too, they feet get big.


But what if a woman is five five? What's the biggest, her shoe size could be six and a half. 7, 8, 8 at most at five eight is fair. Yeah. At anything past that that that eight ain't nothing wrong with a 9, 7, 7 and a half. If you nine you gotta be like 5, 8, 5. It depend on how they toes are a two though. Y'all not fee bulls like that I'm sure but nah, if that middle toe longer than that first tow, I gone record and say my wife wears a nine. Damn. Mikey gonna be about six foot then see your wife in the she fall 7, 5, 7. Good height. Is she, you got the same height?


Oh god, Sierra, she definitely beat you one on one. Yeah, Sierra, Mike too because used to Cahoot. No she crazy. Yeah, Cheyenne, Cahoot, Sierra strictly volleyball. That makes sense though. Damn. You and your wife the same height that the fuck up No than not. Mike, you're five seven. Five eight. God we're not freaky Mike. That little short nigga not real shit. If five seven you up right? You say about a cake? Nah, I don my not taller to me. Did you say he hop out a cake? Oh yeah he jumped, definitely jumped out a cake. Mike wear waist beads on that note. Talking about spiritual here. What about like girls got crusty heels though?


Like they need to pate. I I'll buffer, I'm buffer if I, if I, if I'm with you. He said buffer them heels just rough. I'll buffer. I done put a motherfucker rough toe in my mouth before and shit. That motherfucker pussy was so goddamn gun smoke nigga thugged out was rough. That motherfucker was rough. I said oh not to a warehouse. I said boy I probably the first home healthcare bitch stole home.


Oh man. Oh bad to is crazy bro. Yeah, the warehouse to was nice. That motherfuck shot was so crazy though. Oh man I want all th it out. Alright. What's the no go play that motherfucker like a flute would you all, Mike had his, Mike had his bunion removed. Bunions of no-go. Oh. Why the fuck are we talking about about health issues? I don't like that transition because I know you had that bun removed so I was trying make sure. Yeah it bones first now. Now also known as a bunny. Most most girls that dance got fucked up feet. Like stripper or like praise dance, ballet, stripper. I got fucked up feet.


Volleyball. Mike says Sierra play volleyball. No Sierra's Good Feet the game. So Sierra wear a nine so she gotta pay full price for her Jordans for sure. I gotta pay full price for Jordans Trick. Her Ru, that's damn. But she, she's tall though. So you wear a nine Come on in bar. What size you wear? Bar. That's fair. So you six and a half in kids? Yeah. That ain't that. Barbie got some walkers on her though. Yeah you, you got some walkers on you. She said the past, you know all your toes even though your shit, your shit look like Cat.


Cat. See girls have been second big toe and that motherfucker longer than that. That motherfucker thumb on there a problem. My wife toe like that. Who P She got the long, she got the long middle finger. So over over the it don't cross over. They just my toe like that to me. Is it bad though? Nah, I mean her feet. Yeah I'm saying, I'm talking about like I seen girl but you not a Fleet Bull P wear heels though so it can't be that bad. I'm talking about like Stacia. I'm sorry baby girl. I know you watch the show but when you used to strip at Sunset them motherfuckers used to grab the front of that motherfucker hip.


That's why I knew niggas was too free. Y'all said well y'all see them motherfucking toes walking on top of them shoes and y'all still throwing y'all outta the pocket. Bitch you ain't working corner bitch I ain't got nothing for you. You Oh man my fault Stacey I don't even know you but shit dog. My dog, that's my dog though. But yeah, be here about to be coffee. I'm just say this, I would hope that that was 2007. You was really too young to be in that motherfucker. Oh, all they talking about stay up with the pipe. Did she go to Pipe tall, light skinned? Yeah that's my dog.


She light? Yeah she was tall. Yeah she used to live across from Field. Yep. She went to a short ridge with me. Damn. Yep. Shout out to hers. You know her. I don't probably shot. Yeah you did. You shot her? Yeah he shot. Didn't get shot her. He put a cup on on her but Freak put a cupcake on her back. Damn. Took a picture. Mike. Tell him how you be setting up them hotel rooms. Nevermind. Hold on. How you used, well you used to do the films. I mean Thes the pictures like if a girl said like just give me, gimme the birthday shoot nigga. I, because Malcolm, I'm A maternity and newborn photographer Now. I've always been I don know what this cupcake stuff is on Idea.


I hate when niggas lie. That's crazy because I got photos in my phone of you taking pictures of people. Why are you taking pictures with birthday suits? You had a, you had a wild life before Club five 20. Nah, the order story's all white Paton is loose. Yeah. I can't wait till Patri drop because what about bathtub pictures though? Seriously? I took, I took one. What roses do you do? You provide? I wanna know about the packages though. Do you provide the setup? Nah, it's, I do have an all inclusive, it's a extra $100 for to go drive to the store. You still gotta pay for the material. But what's in this inclusive? What's the wildest I you have bathroom of roses. You gotta start the water to yourself when you get there though. Because I don't know what temperature you want and whatnot.


So you gotta, you gotta do that. But You buy the bubbles and everything. It's just some soap Bitches getting in the dishwasher liquid. Oh, At the yeast. Everybody got hepatitis down in the girl's bathtub up. Mike Dawn. That shit I did when I was a little kid. My mom used The blue one. Not the purple one. Yeah, I was nothing on the bubble bath. No, I remember my mom used to do that when I was little. You want a bubble bath? You know That's crazy. Chill lame. Hell, I think about boys.


Boys in the hood. Every time I think about somebody taking a bath go clean that tubs. I gotta clean that tub. Yeah, that one Mike said he charged a hundred dollars driving fee just to go pick up the material. What's the crazy all inclusive thing you had to do when you was doing photos? Drive Kentucky for 20 minutes? It was a 20 minute. It was an NBA player. Nah, that was safe nigga. That was a what you mean? I mean he talking about experience nigga. Wow. Craziest experience. Yeah, everything was pretty kosher. I ain't never had no bad, bad time. That nigga smiling so all right. No we get that on that Patri. We'll get the real then that nigga can't even talk.


Sir, I need a fresh face out. Yo. I need to get my bitch together. You got this nigga quiet over here. He one of the nastiest niggas in the city. What that camera with that sir? The Freaky Bike exclusive is coming. Subscribe to the Patreon Freaky Mike tells coming soon. We'll be back next time. We appreciate y'all Club five 20 The Volume.


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung Neo QLED and Ed TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from Dilla Groovy and Colors in contrast popping day or night with Glar free Eds and the Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future. Welcome to a new era of Samsung AI tv. Discover more@samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


This power pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. No one can stop you For more. check out Bose dot com.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart ti trau efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase Q Vfc works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A rt.com/moa. Brought, brought to you by Argen. X


Vitamin Water was born in New York because New Yorkers wanted more, like more flavor to go with all the flavor. A refreshing drink after climbing six flights of stairs to a walk up apartment or standing in the subway station in a hundred degree heat. Drink vitamin water. It's from New York.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.