
Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. You met Mess and you've met Ronaldo. What was it like? Because it seems, it seems to me that, that this is your hero. This is your guy. Yeah. Oh my God. There hasn't been a day like that's, that's still like my top, my top moment of my life. Really? Yeah. My second moment is probably me getting, reaching a million live viewers, but the one 'cause, but, but the one is me and Ronaldo. That's just, it is, oh shit. I was so, so what Was, I was, I was high on life like that for like a whole week. Like nothing. Nothing, nothing. Whenever, I don't think I ever reached a feeling like that ever in my life, in my whole career.


I don't think, I never have a feeling like that. Hopefully. But I explain it. The, what you're, what you're explaining is what I felt when I met Michael Jordan for the very first time because he doesn't seem real. Right. It seems like he's levitating. He has a glow. He has an aura. Right. And, if you listen to people that have met Michael, I'm talking about professional athletes. They say the exact same thing. So I don't know if you've ever met Michael. Nah, I never met Michael and I've never met Ronaldo. But If you meet Ronaldo, you were like everybody in your, you a tingle, you a smell good, everything Man to hear. Because I've, I I, I've never met anybody that's met Ronaldo.


And so to hear you say it and me meeting Mike, because a lot of people feel that Michael Jordan is the goal to basketball. I'm LeBron guy, so I feel that's LeBron. But you feel that Renado is the goal of, of football. And so to hear you talk about messy and to see high, like you was like, oh my. Like you, you still think about that moment? Nah, because I just hate when people like who, who won the World Cup? Who has more ballot? Listen, you have to just stop. Like you can't just do that. You can't. Yeah. What we, what? So what we using to measure at Actual football skills? Gameplay actually watching him play, Man.


You don't see messing with that lefty. He's not even, see that's how you know you don't watch football. You don't know anything That man kick with his left foot. No, he does not. Messy doesn't kick with his left foot. No. Okay. I'm going messy. And I'm gonna get this 5,000 too. You, so you make sure I'll be able to get in contact with you. 'cause I don't want you to, 'cause you got speed. I don't want you to run away. Okay? Because I can't catch you. Trust Me. Ronaldo's going win. You must, you must, you must be, you must be forgetting who Ronaldo is. I know, bro. He got 650 million igs Yeah. Followers. Nobody's ever gonna catch that. I mean, what he have, I mean, how many subs did he gain in like a day? Like 50 mil? 50 million? Yeah. So I I I'm well aware of his presence in Right.


In the online community. Right. Anything that he touches is gonna go haywire. He said Aldo wants to play with his son. You see LeBron James plays with his son Bronny. Yes. Yes. And I guess in soccer they can play what, 16? 15. 15. So his son is four. 13. 14. 13. 13. So in two years. And so that's kind of how you think Aldo is kinda like, is that a, you think that's a goal of his? Mm. I feel like that's not really a thing in football. Like how it is in basketball. Well, it's never happened in basketball. It's only happened one, it happened in, in baseball with Grippy. Senior. Junior. Yeah. Right, Right. James And I don't, and it never happened in football, but I hate to say it, but I don't, I think Ronaldo maybe has like two to three years max, you know, it could happen.


It's, I say it's way more easier in football just 'cause of the fact there's like so many clubs. Right? Right. And like in the NBA, there's only like 40 teams, 30, 40, 50 teams or whatever. There's 30 teams in the NBA. Yeah. Yeah. 30, 30 teams about 450 players. And Ronald, he plays for Al Al Na sir. And his son. And his son already plays for Al Al Naer. Okay. So in two years his son can make the first team make the club and they can play together. So it's, it's way more easier for Ronaldo. So yes, it could happen. It could happen. And I think it will happen, to be honest. You think you could play soccer? Yes. So have you, have you kicked the ball around with, okay, Look, listen, I It is, See football is, is is, it's hard.


It's hard. It's way harder than basketball. Way harder than football. Football doesn't really take skill. All it takes is, you know, just elusive. This, you don't think football takes skill, huh? Nah, it doesn't. Okay. Not as much skill. Like you can start, like, you can start as high school and never play football and still make it to the league. To the NFL. Yeah. But football, you gotta like start very young. Right. I'm all right. I'm pretty good. I can be good. I can make it pro, but You can make it pro in what? Football Hold up. Soccer or American football? Both. But football, I'm talking about, oh lord. I'm talking about European football though. Yeah, You can make, you can make it.


I just don't put the, like I don't, I just don't, I just don't put my time and effort in there. But, so what makes you think you can, if you don't put the time and effort in there? We supposed to. I'm you supposed to take your work. 'cause I'm like, listen, I'm like, I'm, I'm fast. Yes. There been a lot of fast people and a lot of 'em work at, you know, FedEx, Amazon Prime, you know, they working here a lot. There are a lot of fast people. Do you, everybody that's fast doesn't play a professional sport. It's me. You just said fat acts. No, I said it. Yes. Some of those people have to get regular jobs. Some of those fast people. That was fast in high school. That was fast in college. Mm. So you just think like, you just have this, like this one in a trillion speed that just translate.


I can play, I can go play at the like Yeah, Because like yeah, like, yeah, like, like messy. He only knows one move and he still, he still made it. Did He want all them balls with one move? Yes. Just literally a body Fame. That's the only move he knows. Why haven't they stopped it? That's like saying Steph Curry is only good 'cause he shoot threes Because Right. I mean though I can make it, I can make it pro, I can make it pro. You believe that you can make it pro in American football and European football? American Football a hundred. I was a four star, five star that I got that lot yet. Do you know how many Four and five star don't make it?


Oh, professionally? Yes. Okay. That's the reason why I do, I'm doing YouTube now, but yes. Yeah. I believe I can Bronny playing with his dad. What did you watch the game that Brony actually got on the court with his father? I didn't watch the game, but I did see, like, I seen height, like, like I seen the moment. Right. What do you think that, what do you think that moment meant to LeBron? Because I, like I said, I, I'm, I'm pretty good friends with, with Griffey and I was, I'm old enough to remember when Griffey played with his dad Griffey Sr Jr. And it just so happened they both hit home runs and back to back. But for LeBron, 'cause we had never, I mean we really never seen it Griffey Jr.


And I think that was like 89 when it happened. And to see LeBron them do it so many more years later, 30 I think 35 years later. Can you imagine what that feeling was like for LeBron to like, I'm on the court with my son Because You gotta be good. Like, you just not seeing that no more. Like that's like, I don't think so either. It's just like, I feel like LeBron, he, he just reached a peak of basketball. It's just like, like who the fuck is going up there? You know? Like, so it's like he just owns it, you know? And he's playing with his son right now. Yeah, bro. He shout out to Bronny too. That's my guy. If we had to compare, so let's compare Foot American football to European football.


So you said REO is your goat, so we gonna compare it to basketball. So are we gonna say LeBron and Jordan and Messi and Reo or do you have somebody in replace of LeBron or Jordan as far as your, your basketball goals? My Basketball goal, if you wanna say like my, like hero if you wanna say, okay, you wanna say like the greatest or who? I just personally like you. I mean, let's check the greatest and then when you can, like who you personally like, Okay, greatest LeBron. Okay. Yes. So LeBron would be Ronaldo? Yes. Hundred Jordan. Jordan would be messy? Yes. And look who's better between Bar and LeBron. And LeBron. I disagree with your argument.


What You mean? You agree with my Argument? I like messy. I like LeBron But messy and LeBron don't go together. Ronaldo and LeBron go together. They're both goats. I do believe LeBron is the golden basketball. I just believe messy because, just 'cause he won a World Cup, yay. Hip hip parade. Like, come on. Well you don't wanna get a man no credit. He's not, that's not, He barely did. He barely Contra contributed into winning the World Cup. Didn't he win the Golden Boot also? Yes, Ronaldo did too. How you gonna win the Golden Boot? Or you ain't win the Olympic? You ain't win the cup? Oh my God. He, he I Don't know bro. I don't know. Ronaldo's the goat.


Ronaldo's the goat. Hold on now we go to another sport. Basketball ba play. Didn't you play KD 1 0 1? Oh yeah, I did. You got him? Who You beat kd? Nah, I didn't play him one one. I played him a horse. I played him a horse. You beat Him? Yeah. Nah, No. I'm trying to figure out they was a, yeah. Nah, Nah, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't beat him. I didn't beat him. But you think you can beat him one on one Like you, like he, you didn't wanna test me, huh? No, We look, you say you could beat the world fastest, man. You believe you could beat one of the fastest men in the NFL history. You believe that? I'm trying to think what else you say you could do. You could believe you could have made European soccer, you could have made it like to a level of mess.


And not saying you could have been them, but you'd have been on that like, like those guys. So why not say you beat kd? Say it. Listen, I could beat Katie if He was five, six. No, if, if it's a full court one V one 'cause of my speed, but half but half court. He, yeah, he got it. But if it's a full court one V one, I'm like running. Yeah, he won't. What happens if he gets the ball first? What is it? Make or take it. Yep. See you didn't say that, But even would who plays full court? 1 0 1. I mean Katie is 6, 10, 11.


Yeah, I'm five nine. Like, let's be realistic now, Shannon. Well you just said you could outrun the fastest man. You didn't wanna be realistic. I can. And I and, and there's video proof, Man. Noaha, will you take it serious next time, Tyreek. I know you gonna take it serious. Tyreek. He was scared man. He So scared. How you gonna call that man? That man? Listen. Hey look, you, you wanna tell, you wanna tell the reason why he doesn't wanna raise me? Why? Because if I beat him, you know, let me just be Quiet now. If you beat him, what? Did y'all have a little bet? Did y'all have a little wager? If I beat him, his stock goes down. If I beat Tyreek Hill, his stocks goes down. So what that means the officer of a sudden he not fast anymore. Or the NFL gonna look at him differently.


Yes. Nah, he still gonna be able to run past people whether you beat him or not. Right? It just means I'm the fastest, like the fastest man allowed. So that means, that means that speed doesn't play in the NFL and he's one of the, he's faster than one of the NFL's fastest players ever. Right? And you want that title? You want that braggy, right? Yes, Yes, yes, yes. Lemme, okay, Bronny, do you think you could be Bronny 1 0 1? Yo, you okay? All right. Yes. Yes. I believe I can beat him. Wait, One on one half court. Nobody plays full court. One on one. How Tall as Brony?


Six four. I think nine. He like 6 1, 6 2, 6, 6 1. I, I think we played played one one time before when I was 16. You beat him? Yeah. And I beat him and I think I can beat him again. We played before back in LA and I beat him in the one V one. How about this? What if I did this, did this solid for you? What if I put Messi and Renado on the same team? Alright. On what I Well they win. Not, not, obviously they're a little older now, but I put them on the same team when they were say like in their prime. Let's just say they're like 28, 29. And I put those guys on the same team. How good would their team be?


28, 29. Ronaldo Messi. Yes. On the same team. On The same team. Would they go undefeated or they winning? You know, you wait for league, whatever the case may be. They win in the World Cup, whatever, Olympics, CILA. You can't just say that in football terms. 'cause there's like, there's, there's, there's so many. Okay. You okay? Ronaldo, Stryker messy what center? Mid left wing or whatever. I don't, I don't think he'll click. You don't think he didn't mesh? I don't think he'll click because I feel like Ronaldo's like, like when he plays, he's more like of an ego guy and messy.


Nah, maybe. I don't know. Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe. I say they Would you have liked to have seen that? No. Nah, I don't wanna see that. I don't think nobody else I. Don't think nobody wants see that. You ain't want my guy to show your guy Up to show he the Best? No, no, no, no. I want Ronaldo to Nah, nah, nah, But jumping over the car, were there. Are you sure there was no editing? There was no no go. I'm just saying man. I'm just saying Steve. I just know. 'cause I hate when people say that when I put my life on a line and like, I genuinely did it. Like yeah, like I like, yes, I really did. I mean it's just, It is just people like, oh my God, you really did it. 'cause yes, I did it. Lemme ask you a question.


How do you practice for something like that? All I did was, you know, the car just went, went, so look, this is me. I'm the car right side of it. And it just went right right to the side of me and I jumped over it basically. And I recorded it to see if I can clear it and I could clear it. Now this is where the real boss test come in and when a car's coming directly at you. Yes. Then the car was coming directly at me and I was like, shit, I jumped over and once I did it, you know I did it. I can do it right now. Like I can do it again. No, no, no, no, no, no. It's Not hard. That's the thing Because I I, if I'm not mistaken, didn't Kobe have a commercial like that where he jumped over a car?


Yeah. That's what, is that what gave you the idea? Funny story? Yes. That's what gave me an idea. But after I did it, my manager told me like, he was like, dude, the video was fake. I was like, what? Oh, you didn't know it was Fake? No, no, no, no. I didn't. That's yeah, yeah, that's what got me the idea. So I'm, I'm like, oh yeah, I got it. So after I did it, then my manager told me the video was fake. I was like, damn. And I actually did it. So, So you actually could have gotten hurt. Yeah, but I wouldn't, I wouldn't. It's like, it's all about timing. I can clear it any time. It's all about the timing, right? If I get the timing wrong, Yes, I'm pretty, because you got the speed. Yeah. Because that car is getting Yeah. About faster than you think. Yeah. About 40, 40, 45 miles per hour, right?


Yeah. Wow. The back flip challenge. What made you, because I think you was gonna do well at one, two every minute. Yeah. And then what, so so what, what was the world record? World Record was 1,008. And how long? 24 hours in 24 hours. Oh hell. And you were gonna try to do one every minute, one to two every minute? Nah, I mean, I didn't pace myself. Yeah. So the, so I did like 200, 300. The first two hours I did 300. The first two hours. That's where I up, if I would've paced myself, I most likely would've beat it. Oh, You gonna try it again? Yes. December. Yeah. Next month. So, so what did you look at the guy that that did it that has the world record?


Did you see how he did it? Did you see his strategy? His He didn't have any strategy. He was okay. I kind of limited myself. I did it on flat ground. Right. He did it on like, like, kind of like a springboard. And he landed on his soft surface. Okay. So his ankles and his legs can have like, less stress than when he landed. But, and I did it, I, I had made more strain on my legs 'cause I did it on flat surface. So next time I'm gonna do it on a You gonna do it on like a, like a gymnastic? Yeah. Can you do it like on a gymnast platform? Exactly. Exactly. So I'm, so that's, so that automatically makes me do like a hundred more. So I'm, so I'm already in the 700 range and I've been training my legs a little bit. So I think I got it. As a worldwide traveler, you've been all over the world.


Speed. What's some of your favorite places to go to? Favorite places? Brazil, one of them. Indonesia, Poland, C, Korea. Like, there's so many Japan, there's so many. Dubai, Saudi Arabia. Yeah. I heard Dubai is nice. Yeah, I wanna go to Dubai. There's just so many countries and so many like, like it's like it's a whole world out here, you know? And I, and, and that's what people like really don't understand. Do you Like travel? You like travel? So you like traveling, you love traveling? I love traveling. I love, like, I feel like I'm in a different, you know, it just, it just makes life better, you know? Traveling. Did you always wanna travel as a, as as a kid growing up?


Or, or is it something that once you got into this, this streaming and got into this platform here, you realized that it was gonna be a part, a necessary part of your job? I mean, as a kid, I would never thought I would've like that wasn't even on my mind. Right. Like, I would never thought I would be going to damn Poland and these random countries and Stuff. Right, right. But it's a blessing. It is, it is. It's generally a blessing. I travel maybe 38 countries and I plan on doing it all. So What is it, what is it that it gets speed, excited in the morning? Like what makes you spring out of bed?


Say, oh yeah. Ooh. Ready Streaming. I mean like, just like, as soon as I wake up I'm like, yo, I gotta get to it. I gotta, I gotta work. You know, I gotta work on this stream and shit. You know, this is, that's what I do. And like, and I love to do it, you know, that's the only thing that I like, you know, like I truly love it. Right. So that, so that gets me up. When was the last time you went somewhere and no one recognized who you were? Can you remember? There's nowhere on this earth that I can go. I would have to go to like some remote village that, that that's, that has never been access to me, that Doesn't have internet or anything like that to, It's been a place.


I was like, y nah, nobody's gonna recognize me. Nobody. This is just a random place in Germany, some random town in Germany, whatever. You know, it's just, and I'm, it it is. I just got so used to it. So used to it. Now when you go, have you gotten to the point like, you know what, this is my life now. My privacy is over my an the, the, yeah. I want anonymity. That's over now. Yeah, I know. I kind of, yeah, but Sometimes Do you want it do sometimes. Do you want that? I mean, yeah. Like, yeah, like, and Kai, like it was my mom wedding.


Yeah. You know, it was only family there. Right. It was only family, you know. And it somehow got leaked, you know, I'm like, come on, like this is my, you know, my mom's special, special moment that I just wanted to, you know, keep it, keep it in inside with the family. And it got, it was a whole picture of like a million likes on it, on my mom's wedding, you know, like with my siblings that I wanted to keep a little private, but it's just like, that's just what it is, you know? And I can't be like, oh no, blah, blah. You know, that's, you Realize that's initially, that's a part of It now. Yeah. That's, that's just part of it. I can't How many Language can you speak? Languages? Maybe Around eight. You can speak English, obviously. Portuguese.


Spanish, Arabic, German, French, Indonesian, and yeah, that's pretty much it. How, How, I mean, when did you start picking up like, I, you know, I'm gonna be traveling and I need to understand, I need to be able to speak this. Or did you take these languages when you were in high school? When did you become proficient? Was it Rosetta Stone? I mean, how does Fi get so fluent in speaking? Eight different languages Really. Music, music is really key. Like, just listen to the country music. Okay. Like I pick up off of it very, very good. Like, I literally listen to Brazilian music for like three to four months and I'll just picked up on words and just picked up on like, I can make a like, and I can have a whole conversation with a citizen in Brazil or Portugal or whatever.


But yeah, just, it's really just picking up on it. What foreign language you speak. Eight. What foreign language would you like to learn next? What are you gonna, what are you gonna master next? Ah, that's a good question. I say maybe like Chinese or Something. I was gonna say Mandarin. Yeah. Yeah. Manian. What's the, what was the hardest language for you to learn? Hardest. Yes. Arabic. Arabic. Arabic. A hundred percent. Why would that one so difficult? Because it's not, you know, like the, you know, the English dialect, it's super, it's super d super different from an English dialect.


German is very similar to the English dialect and Indonesian similar to the English dialect. 'cause because of the words Spanish easy 'cause you know, pay whatever Arabic, you know, the right. And it is very, very different. Very, very different. And how to and how to weigh the sub subjectives and all that. It's just so different. Well obviously you go to all these places. Food. Mm. What's what's your favorite food? What's your favorite place to eat? Damn, this is like, I can't answer this. Like, I can't say this in one question. 'cause each country just has a dish where it's just like, like Germany, it's a donor.


In, in Spain it's a, what's that pa A pa in, in Spain, Italy, just the, the pasta. Saudi Arabia. Just the, just the chicken. The chicken is just good because it's hala and it's just, yeah, pretty much like each country has its own like, signature dish. Lemme Ask you this, when obviously there are a lot of people that's been transplanted over here and they bring their native dishes over here. So when you try a dish that from a country that you've been, how different is that dish here versus over there?


Totally different. Totally different. The taste, it just taste is different. Like this. It's a foreign taste. 'cause you know, we used to the fried chicken sandwich, blah, blah cheeseburger. Right? Which country's fans are the most rabid about speed? Indonesia. Really? I mean, that's the country where I gained a a million viewers. That's the, you know, that's where I, my my Is That where you had to stream and you got a million viewers? Yes. I say Indonesia probably has that. I never went into a country and they just showed me so much support and just welcomed me with open arms, you know?


And it was just so much. Every country does welcome me with open arms. Yes. But Indonesia was just so much people. Even Cambodia too. Right? You crossed 30 million subs while you are on a a, an Asian tour. So what did it feel like to grow 30 million subs? Speed. So you, that's from 2015, I think you said? No, 2020. So from 2020 to 20, 24 30 million subs. Yes. Yes. What? So, okay, obviously you get the silver plaque for a hundred thousand. You get the gold plaque for a million, you get the diamond for 10 million. What, what's after 10 million?


If there's something for 20 million something. Nah, a hundred million. That's what I'm, that's what I'm going for. I'm okay. You want A hundred million? Yeah, I'm ain't a whole lot of people got a hundred. What? Mr. B's, 2D pie, coco melon. That's the only three people I can think of. Yeah. But I'm going for that a hundred million. A Hundred million. Yeah, That's what I'm going for. It's gonna take me about two to three years. Maybe Another two to three. Yeah, two to three years. And so, so what, what do you, what do you get for a hundred million? You Get like some, I forgot what the plaque looks like. It's like some, it's, it's like a special made plaque, I think. Yeah. It's like a special, like, like you two make it their own show, right? Well, yeah. I mean, gosh. So when you first started, did you ever envision, I don't even know if you envisioned a million subs, let alone 30.


I I didn't even envision a hundred thousand subs. Man, it is just crazy. I'm, I'm happy though. I'm, I'm really happy just seeing like, 'cause I know my old self, right? I always wanted to be a YouTuber and I'm really living as a YouTuber. Are streamers bigger than rappers? Is streamers bigger than rappers? Streamers can talk to. They, like, we talk to our fans almost every, almost every day. We're like, we're always like, and that's what makes it so different from streamings and artists. Like we, we really inter like interact with our chat with our fans, right? Like, we talk to 'em every day.


We give 'em an update on our life almost every day. So it's like, it's, it becomes more like of a family in terms of artists, it kind of feels like they're kind of away. The only time they really get to interact is like when they perform a concert, It's performing a concert, which, you know Right. And it makes them more crazier. Right. But streamers are, streamers is kind of in they own lane right now. Yeah. If you, if you like a top top streamer. Yeah. You said the streamers fan base is stronger than a rapper's fan base. Yeah. Yeah. So, let, lemme ask you this.


In the, in the, in the, in the streaming space, who are you in the rapping space? Are you Hov? Are you Lil Wayne? Are you Drake? Are you Kendrick? Okay. Who are You? I don't got a lot of rapping knowledge, but I Eminem him Just like, ah, Okay. What I'm, you better gimme like a sports one. You okay. Gimme A sports one. Okay. How about this? Are in, in, in, in the streamers, are you the Yankees? Are you the Lakers? Are you the Celtics? A team. Okay. How you going? How you going compare that to a, like you can't compare it, but I'm Saying teams go Ass or good, you know.


No, but I'm saying so what are, what are you, What do you mean? I'm just saying you say compare. Compare it. See if I compare it to a sport, I just can't compare it to a sport because there are entities inside the sport that, you know. Okay. How about this? You messy? You Ronaldo, I'm Ronaldo. You, you Lewandowski. Okay. Alright. I do believe in streaming. I say, I say I'm the Ronaldo streaming. Okay. Yes, I believe yes. Okay. Yes. In the history of streaming. I believe so.


I I believe so. If you really think about it. Yeah. Yeah. What's the, what's the craziest gift a fan has ever gifted you? Craziest gift. Ooh. I think some, maybe I really like these. It's, it's, it's not the craziest but of, of a fan. Like, they're giving me a portrait of me. Something they like spend like two to two to three weeks on. Wow. And it just looks amazing. And I really like, I really like gifts like that. Right. I really don't, Didn't you didn't, I, I think I, I read somewhere that somebody gave you a custom motorcycle in in some, did somebody give you a motorcycle? Yeah.


Where, where was that? In Indonesia. Indonesia. Yeah. Bali. Yep. Bali. Indonesia. You get it back. You ride it. Do you ride bikes? No. No, no, no. I don't ride that. I already heard, I heard too many stories. Right. Just about sad, tragic stuff about bikes. So I, They call it asphalt. It's your ass and it's your fault. Yeah. Motor. Motor. Yeah. Yeah. So you know what The, you, the er, you know what they call motorcycle riders? What? Organ donors. Wow. Damn. That's deep. Yeah. Shit. Nah, I, I don't touch it. No. Yeah. So I've never, I've never wanted a motorcycle. Yeah. So I don't, Hold on.


You jumped on the car pulling hair fans. They jumped on your car, they pulled your hair, broke your camera, tried to pull your pants down, throw water on you to kiss you, bro. You, you a rock. You hold on. You like the Beatles. You like Michael Jackson. When you go, I mean you are like, like when LeBron, when I see these, these NBA players go and they go to end and they go to the Asia and how the crowd just hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people. You get that kinda reception. Yeah. Yeah. That's how it is. When, yeah. Oh, lemme ask you this. Are you bigger overseas or are you bigger in the states?


I say overseas for sure. I mean, I wouldn't say not, not to say that you're not big here. I would Say, I wouldn't say, I wanna say like, I'm not bigger, more than overseas than here. I say like when I go overseas, people are like, whoa. You know, 'cause people rarely go over there. So they generally like freak out like people like of my like status. Right. But in America, like, it's so saturated. Like you can go down, like you can be in la go down the street Hollywood and see God damn Chris Sandler. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So it's not like that crazy Adam Sandler you mean? Yeah. Yeah. I mean Adam Sandler. But yeah, you can see how, yeah, Like, basically like, like yeah, like in America you can see a famous person anytime, anywhere, but not somewhat in like, in like other countries.


When you prepare to go overseas, how do you prepare? How do you get ready? Like okay, you're going to Asia and you're probably going, I'm gonna say you're gonna be going for what? A minimum of 10 days. Seven to 10 days. 10 days. 10 days. Okay. 10 days. How do you prepare for a trip like that? Oh, there's a lot. Ooh, there's a lot. And the backend that people don't see. You gotta take, you get security details. Yeah. Security cars. What are we going to do? What exits we're gonna take, because it is, we're going to it, it's gonna be like 5,000 people following us. So Right. We gotta take it a car. Security, what are we, the activities, permissions, camera, internet. We gotta see if the internet's good there. The equipment.


It's, it's, You try to keep everything top secret, obviously. Where you're staying. Yeah. Where you gonna be going, Where, where You, where you're going. You don't want anybody to get the drop on You. Then after stream, you gotta, you gotta shake the, the the fans off that's following you. Switch cars, Doppler, gamer, you gotta like, I I, I got somebody on my team to look like me. Right. Then we go in a different car. It's a lot. It's a lot. Woo. And that's every time you go overseas, it's, this is what it is. Yeah. If I'm doing a stream. Yeah. Wow. What do you do for fun? What do you do on vacation for Fun? Fun to be, I like to like really watch anime for fun. You know, like, okay. I'm not, you know, I like to watch anime.


I like to just play games. Anime games know. No. Noah Lyes loves anime too. Who? Noah Lyes. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Yeah, I know. So y'all got something in common. Yeah, But I'm still face at 'em. Don't You won't let it go. You won't let it go. Don't matter. Lemme ask you this. The big three of content creators. We've heard a lot. The big three obviously. So who is the big three of content creators? I had to put myself and I have to put Kai. I love, like, I really, I really, really, really, really adore Kai, you know, 'cause he, 'cause he really keeps me going too. Right. Like, it's kind of like a Yeah. Like we still friends, but it is like, you know, y'all Go ahead. Yeah. But I, I love that man. His work ethic.


Me, Kai. And you wanna say for the third one, content creators? Hmm. No. Mr. Beast. Oh yeah. I forget Mr. Oh, I'm thinking streaming. Oh, you talking about in general? Yeah. Content creators. Cole, Content creator in general. Yeah. Okay. Well, lemme redo that. I say me. Yeah. Kai. Mr. Beast, Would you like to be as big as Mr. Beast deals one day? Yes. What he got 300 something million subs. Yeah. 300 million. And he at, I mean, how long has he been at it?


Not, not very long. I think he started Like 2015. 2012? 20? No, not 2012. It was about, I think 2015. Yeah. 2016 at Three oh million subs in less than a decade. Yeah. That guy's, he's like a Yeah. And he's, he's only what, 26? Yeah. About. Yeah. About Other than yourself, who's your favorite content creator? Other than you? Other than me? My favorite? Yep. My favorite. Hmm. My fault. This, this, this. Just gimme time to think. Go ahead. We gonna edit this thing down. It's gonna make like you answer Instantaneous. I know, I know, I know.


I don. I hate to be biased, you know, but he streams too. I think I, Yeah. Just 'cause we do the same thing and you know, pretty much Who was the first streamer actually put you on That was, that was, as you're coming up, obviously nobody needs to put you on now. You were at, I mean, I wouldn't say nobody really put me on. Okay. Yeah. Nobody really, really put me on. I, I put my cell on. Right. How did you meet Mr. Beast? Charity match? 2022 in London. Okay. I met him then he was like, yo speed wanna be on this video, blah, blah, blah. I want to win this jet.


I'm like, yeah, let's go on this jet now. I did the video for him. It did well then 2024 we did something again. Now. Yeah. Now we like kind of, we kind of make, you know, we, we do some stuff together. So did he give you any advice? Because obviously, I mean Yeah. Be Yeah, Mr. B's that Yeah. Talking to him off stream. Like I love talking to people who do the same thing. Same stuff I do. 'cause I'm in love with it. He's in love with it. So I love, you know, there, you know, you know, there's a connection. Talking to him is just like, like a nerd. Like, you know, like me, I kind of just like really go all like all off my natural just stuff. But he's like, I don know analytics And.


if you don't wanna go line, you know, the algorithm, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And he really, he really knows what he's talking about, what he's doing. You know, like he'll come up to me and be like, speed. I can make your channel game 10, 10 more million subs. Whoever runs your channel is a bad editor. You know, like, he, like, he's really, he's really a, he's really good of content creator, you know, For speculated that Mr. Beast could become the first YouTube billionaire by, by valuation oia. You see that as being possible. Yeah. But you won Mr. Beast's money, didn't you? Yeah, I made a few bucks off Beast.


He thought I couldn't do a challenge and I did it then for Underestimated, then I did. Yeah. Is is that what happens? I think a lot of times people underestimate you. Yeah, exactly. And you love when people underestimate you because you love proving people wrong. You think Noah Lyes and Tyree going, Tyree Tyree's not gonna underestimate you because he's seen how close you came to Noah. So now he's kind of scared. But people that don't really know you prior before Noah lives because he see you racing other content creators or, or normal citizens. He like, ain't no way. But then he gets on the line and then you get out on him. He like, oh Shit. Yep. I can't wait to race that man again. I cannot wait. Or you go to p or you go to practice.


Yes. Especially if I know a time ahead. I'm learning all the head down, head up, all of that. But he lets you stream your videos with him on, on your, on your channel. Right? Who? Mr. Beast. Yeah. Yeah. That was a circumstance. Yeah, Because he has so many, I mean, I don't think he's done a video that hadn't got at least 10, 15, 20 million views. Everything that he releases. No. Yeah. Everybody. He gets like a hundred mil. Yeah, a hundred mil plus. Yeah. Yeah. He, I mean, Yeah, V really found his niece. How did you meet Kai? We both do the same thing, both in the same community. You know, it just happens.


I can't remember the first time I even talked to him, to be honest, because it was just, we just both in the same thing. Like we both in the same streaming industry. Right. You who? Because you know Kai was on my, on my celebrity basketball team. Yeah. Kai shit. Oh, ka. See? Come on. Kai. Kai. No, Kai, kai, Kai. Shit at basketball. He's terrible. Kai. I, And I told him that. I'm like, yo, like, did you ever grow up playing basketball? He was like, yeah. Like, yeah. What am my mother? No, no you did not Kai. Shit. He doesn't have like, he just asks. I mean, but look, he was on my, he was on my team at a celebrity match. We won Kai gave us a good 10 points. Like four sis. But he five rebounds. He's terrible. You gonna play the celebrity game this year? NB All Star game celebrity? Yeah.


You gonna win the MVP? Yes. You. I I I can pencil it in right now. Speed. MVP Celebrity charity basketball game. Yes. At the Allstar game. Yes. And I'm winning. M-V-P-M-V-P. You should have gave Kyle. Y'all should have gave Kyle more minutes. I got, I put him in for like a minute or two. No, Kyle, I got 10 minutes. Oh, he just asked Kyle, you trash bro. I, Kyle, I already told you this. I already told you you be terrible at basketball. Do you guys share bus? Do you guys sharet with each other? Do you guys do business? Are you looking to do business with Kai? Yes. Me and Kai have done business before. You know, if the moment comes across the business itself.


Yeah. But That's It. Yeah. Like, yes. Lemme ask you this. If somebody were to play you in a movie, who would you want to play you in a movie? Who would what? Who Would, who would you want to play you in a movie? So they're gonna put your, they're gonna put speed. You gonna be a movie? They're gonna do, they're gonna do a a, a doc. They're gonna do a, a, a picture of you. Oh. Who? Oh, who would I want? Who do you, who, what? Who do you want to play? You? What kind of cousin is that? They gotta be somebody who looks like me. Well, they gonna put down, look, if he don't have hair, they can give, they can, you know. Yeah.


Man. What me? I'm playing my home self. I know. I don't know. You can play your own selfie in your movie. Chris Rock. Nah, not Chris Rock. I. Don't know. Do you wanna do movies? Would you like to be a, would you like to be in a movie? Yes. Yeah. Have you auditioned? No, I haven't auditioned, but I have got gotten, you know, potential. Right. Is it as a cameo or you're gonna actually play a role because you know, I a role obviously you could play yourself. Yeah. A role. Okay. Yeah. I Like that. You have a celebrity crush.


Celebrity crush. I did, I did have a celebrity crush. Not anymore. She not your crush anymore. I wouldn't say she my crush. She want my, she not my crush anymore. Yeah, She got somebody, huh? Nah, it's just kind of like, I I did. Yeah. You dated publicly in the past. You're not gonna do that anymore. Boy, that's not a thing for me. Public. Everything is public for me. I can't even Yeah, You can't, you can't keep that a secret. Yeah, exactly. Somebody gonna get that. Somebody gonna snap that pic. Exactly. Exactly. But you've done a great job thus far though. Not you on the hand. Not you on the other hand. There you go. There you go. Ooh, man.


I'm trying to get in the stream of business. I'm trying to get 30 million subs too. Nah, nah, not that way. Okay. Get It that Way. Not that way. Damn. What I need to do. Not that. Well then tell me what I need to do. Okay. Okay. Can I start over? No. I don't know Celebrities. Who's your favorite celebrity? to me. Who? The fa your mo your favorite celebrity that you've met. Favorite celebrity that I met. I don't, I don't want to count. Like sports, like footballers. None of that. I, don wanna like act. What do you want entertainers?


You want like, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay. Give me a more like A Jay-Z Denzel, Samuel Jackson, Beyonce. Eminem, Drake. 50. I may I say Ci c. You know what that is? I don't, you know. CC, okay. Well he's a artist in UK and like, we talk like when I can really talk to somebody like off camera, you know what I'm saying? Right. Okay. Have a real, like Yeah. Deep conversation. I say him. Yeah. Right. Is streaming harder than having a nine to five? Is streaming, is streaming streaming harder than having a nine to file? Well, you never had one, So No, I mean, well, when I was 15 I did have a job and I did What'd you do?


I worked, you know, it was a c caretaker home. You know, where like you send your grandma and grandpa? Yeah. I worked in a kitchen, in a caretaker home. Okay. And I was a like a server. Right. So, you know, give 'em the food and deliver they food. But, and let me tell you this. No, no. When I, when I worked there, it was, it was way harder. It was, it was, it just draining, you know, mentally it's just, nah, I don't even get how people even say that. Well, did you say it? No, I didn't say that Because I think the thing is, but here's the thing. I think that like nine to five, most people are not in love with the nine to five.


You love streaming. Yes. So you don't look at that as work. Right. Because if it was something that, oh man, here we go. Gotta play. Whew. You gotta go on these people job again. Right. You work for you. Right. And you love what you do. That's the thing that gets you out of bed every day. That gets you like, yeah, I can't wait to stream. I mean 'cause is that how you feel like, man, I can't wait to stream. Yeah. Like, yeah. Like I can't wait to get some ideas in, you know? Right. Can't wait to work on this craft. Cincinnati, Ohio. What was it like growing, growing up for you in Cincinnati? Cincinnati? Nobody ever asked me these questions.


Growing up there. It was, I, I wouldn't say it was hard, but my mom, like, I did kind of grow up like not in a, not so well neighborhood. You know, I had a lot of fights, you know, it was a, i I seen a lot of stuff. That's how you got fast. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, you know, Hey, that is how idea is growing up in Ohio, you know? Had a lot of fights. Yeah. Seen a lot of stuff. Did a lot of stuff. But I'm kind of glad I grew up in a place where I didn't see a, because like, it is not a lot of stuff in Cincinnati. Like the first time I went out I was like, yo, like the girls in Cincinnati are terrible. But when I go to a different city now, like the girls who I thought that was cute in Cincinnati.


No, they, My social media team, he's from Cincinnati. Oh, real. You are? Yeah. Like, you know what I'm talking about this, like, I'm talking about the best looking girl. Cincinnati is like a five in la Damn. But five, Like a six, seven a six seven A six seven in like LA or like London or something. Right. But yeah. Were you a popular kid? Was I a popular No, I was, I was really like a, I was just a troll. Really? A class clown troll. I, I, I was, I was just a troll. I used, I used, I used to dance like in the talent shows. Yeah. You win. Yeah. Nah, I didn't win. Nah, nah. Yeah. These girls won. They beat you.


That's, It was biased. It was bias. It was just bias because it was biased. Just because you lost it doesn't mean it was biased. No, it, it was biased. Okay. It was rigged. It was, it was rigged. Trust me. Even though I was nine years old and not, trust me, it was rigged. So were you shy? Oh nah. I just, I never really had that bone in my body. Like a shot, like the right, the feeling of being shy. I never really had that, unless like with a girl or something. Like something you get like a little shot. But yeah. So you have, did you have any girl, you had a lot of girls when you were Yeah, I was All right. You Was all Right. Yeah, I was all They, they must have been wasn't no fires then because you, you said you lying.


I mean, there could have been no fi No, I mean, yeah, I was all right. I was all right. So before, like you said before streaming took off, you, you mentioned you worked in a ti a retirement facility, assisted living facility, and you worked in the kitchen. Are there any other jobs that you had? Nah, that's it. That's the only job I had. And it was only for like two months. I did like, cut my grandma grass, but that like, you wanna count that? I can't, I Can't count. Did you get paid for that? Yeah. 20 bucks. 20 Bucks. A lot of money. Yeah. Lemme ask you this. Who introduced you to streaming? I grew up in like, in a, like I said, I played game, right. So, you know, ninja, you know, ninja kind of like really opened up my eyes.


Yeah. Like to like, yo, I'm like, mom, I was 12 years old. I'm like, mom, I want to be a streamer. She's like, boy. And it's crazy. I, my, I really think my mom remembered this. I told my mom at 12 years old, at 11 years old, I wanna be a YouTuber. I want to be a streamer. Like I genuinely wanted to be. I just love the, like, I love games and I love to like be myself and like play games and just live a life, you know, just like that. And, but seeing streamers play in Fortnite, 2K, you know, that just made me wanna stream. Right. Just watching streamers. So watching streamers would make me wanna be a streamer. So What would, what's your favorite game? My favorite game of all time?


I say Fortnite. Fortnite? Yeah. So is that if, if, lemme I, 'cause I, I don't really know anything about, about the streaming thing of it. So if the, the goal is to like, to get all the way through. So what's the goal of what's, what's, what's it's, It's like a battle royale game. You just gotta survive. Right? It, it's literally to win. Because I, I, I saw Kyle, like, he was trying to get, I guess all the way to the end. Like you said you were the final boss. Is that, what is that The goal is like, you have play a game where you try to get all the way through the levels. It's no, it's not a level, it's a battle Royale game. Explain. You never play like PG you ever play P-U-G-I-I Can't think of a game in your era that I can compare it to. Yeah. I don Cod.


You ever played Cod, right? Call duty. You played Call of Duty before. The only cod. I, I know what Call of Duty is. Okay. Have you ever played it? You ever killed somebody? No. What what did you do when you was little? Worked, but we didn't, we had, we had like Pacman, we had damn Gallagher. Okay. We had Joust. We didn't have the, you know, have like no Mario Brothers Donkey Kong. Yeah. That's like two. That's too bad. I thought you at least played cot or something. Nah, nah, nah. What about TikTok? How much credit do you give TikTok? Because like, TikTok is a thing. Like some people got like, be getting like 10 and 15 million views on TikTok.


You a big toker. Oh, I'm not a TikTok. Not anymore. I was never Aer. I just, my clips are on TikTok. TikTok? Yes. And TikTok is a reason why I'm here now. If you wanna be honest, how Much credit do you, so you give them a lot of credit for the speed that we see sitting here right now? Yeah. TikTok is the reason why I blew up. Okay. You know, I can't, you know, I can say that and come forth and say that 2021, my clips was going viral on TikTok. You know, everybody was on TikTok. But I, I was never a TikTok. I was never doing a, doing Stuff on TikTok. Exactly. You were just uploading videos to Tik. No, I wasn't Uploading. They, yeah. Someone else did It. Yeah, exactly. Right. So, but you don't, you don't have a presence on TikTok other than your videos? Yeah. I like, I do a video on then, but I'm not like a doing all them, I'm not doing all that.


But I'm not a talker. Oh. Betting on games. Like, do you, do you bet? Are you a gambler? If I go to a, like a man United game, you know, they come in my box. They ask me if I wanna bet, I'll bet. But I'm not like a bet or better. No. Right. Like coming to Vegas, do you play like card table games? Do you do anything like that? That's My, I'm not even old enough. I can't. No, You can't. Damn. I forgot. Yeah, I forgot you all night. So, so you don't even do you no good to come here? 'cause you really can't go Nowhere. Yeah, I can't do nothing. I, I can't go to a club here. Yeah. I can't. Nothing. Oh C circus Soleil. Or you can go see T Payne. That's all, that's all they got for you, man. Yeah. I can't do nothing.


You, You mentioned earlier that like, when you were in school, you were troll, you were, you know, basically a troll and you get a lot of trolls. I mean, how do you learn, how did you learn how to deal with trolls? To be honest, you, I still don't even know how to deal with trolls. Trolls are just like, I'm just like, I, I'm just so used to trolls now. Like my whole life is just people trolling. Troll comm is just troll troll. It's just, you just, you just get used to it. You just try to block it out. You just, do you, do you ever respond? You just get used to it. Like, I've been dealing with it for years now. Have you ever worried about being canceled? Have I ever worried about being canceled? I mean, that's nothing.


I really, really, nothing that I Yeah. Really worry about. Nah. Mm. But hold on, you talk about me. But you had a mishap on social media also. What? Oh, no. No. Don't, no. What did you have a so a, a mishap. A mishap. I'm just saying. I mean, you, you were quick. Oh, I Wasn't doing that. But I'm saying you Was doing that. But what did you have, did you have a mishap on, on social media? It's a yes or no speed. Maybe add a little curve ball or whatever, but nah, I don't know a little something. Oh, okay. So me and you got a lot of common there, huh? No. What you mean? No?


No. You were calling an act. I wasn't Going to act. Did you, hold on. Did they see me or did they see you or did they see it? I'm just trying to figure it out. You heard, but did they see, was there anything visual? Yours is worse. Your Yours was worse. Why you, why mine gotta be worse? Because you was making noises and shit. Like you was caught in the, you was, you was in it. You was in like, you was really in it. See, you trying to see, you trying to downplay yours. No, I'm not trying to downplay mines. See, what you try to do is like, what they do on the first 48 is that they come in there and tell this story and minimize their involvement.


See, you're trying to minimize, you see, you're trying to Minimize, bro. I'm not trying to minimize nothing. Listen, yours is worse. I I don't even, yours is worse. How supportive, I mean, obviously you know, you mom, you bought your mom a house. He wasn't at first, like when you said you wanted to scream, you're like, Uhuh. And then, you know, she's like, come on, we gotta, we gonna get you outta school. So forth and so on. So how, having a family that supports you in what you wanted to do? How instrumental was that in your success? Well, at first I didn't really have support. Right.


But my mom, well my mom always supported me. You know, she just didn't understand it. Correct. You know, I really, I really, I really, really love my mom. You know, she, even now to this day, she still supports me. She still, as her little mom talks, you know, I love, you know, Ali, I love the mom talks. Right. You know, of her yapping. My dad, my dad, you know, he just always supported. He just, like, my dad is just the guy like, go, you know, do it. Do It. Be, go be happy, Sir. Yeah. Exactly. So I'm really glad that I still got them, got them at my life in the corner, you know? And Yes. Yes. And it does help. That's why I see 'em every now and then they come down and it's just good for the mental Right. It's good for the mental. How has Fame, how have you stayed, been able to stay speed that you haven't let all the success monetarily, the Fame?


How have you been able to stay so grounded? I mean, you gotta just look at it as like, I'm in human just like everybody else. You know? I'm in human just like everybody else. And I just try to, you know, I try to really understand things and I really just try to make people happy. Right. And smile, you know, and, and just never let things get to your head. Right. You know, you always just gotta just stay locked in. That's really pretty much the answer. As long as you stay locked in. You got it. And don't do drugs. Right. The 19-year-old speed, if he could talk to the 15-year-old speed, what would he tell him?


I wouldn't tell him shit. I wouldn't tell him nothing. I wouldn't tell him nothing. He, He, he just gotta learn his own way, you know? Right. Oh, I just read they got a, a, a red diamond. 50 million subs is a red diamond. It is. I never heard of that. I don't think that's a thing. Well, if it is, then you about to get It, huh? Yeah, I'm on that. Who should win the best streamer of the year award? Who should win the best streamer of the year award? Because I I don't think Rolling Stone has included you on its tops Creators 2024. What they did they not know who you speed?


I heard. I don't, I don't know, but I think you had to like submit it. That's what I heard. Okay. Like you had to submit your own show into that. But yeah. Who, Who, who should be, who should be the 2024 streamer award? Who, Who should be 2024 stream of the year award? I mean, I don't wanna be biased, but I believe, I believe, I think I should win. I think I should win. You think you Gonna win? I Do. I think I don't know. We'll see What's in store for speed in 2025. What's in store? What's in store for me in 2025? Me is, I'm, a lot of doors is opening up now and the doors is opening up for 2025.


You know, it settings things up for 20, 25 more businesses. Like I'm really, I'm really getting invested in like businesses, you know, I'm already on that. Right. I'm pretty much doing everything right now when it comes to business now, but I'm really getting on that and just become a better person. Right. Better content and more. I like That. I like that. 'cause that was my next question. What does Kai want to improve on in 2025? Both personally and creatively? And you kinda answered that. So My name is speed, but Yeah, I mean, what did I say? You said Kai. Oh my bad. Yeah, that's what I wanted to ask you. Speed bro. Continue success. I really do think, I mean, sitting here and talking to you, the confidence that you exude in everything that you do, I can see why you're successful.


Because you go into a task believing that you're gonna conquer said task. And that's half the battle, is believing that I can do something. You believe that everything that you undertake and I can do this, you believe that you, I I, you know, and I was laughing in the beginning, but listening at you talk throughout the entirety of this interview. I believe deep down you believe you cannot out run Tyreek, that you could out run no allows, but I wish you the best. Yeah, right. No, I I Hey I'ma, I wanna be there. Yep. Okay. I wanna be there. Alright. I, I'ma, i'ma have that, I'ma have the nightcap crew pull up.


I can't wait to see the look on your face when you see me beat 'em too. But see there's nothing for you to lose if they beat you. What was supposed to happen? People, I mean, yeah, there is for me to lose people like, oh yeah, you slow. No, that's the world fastest man. That's one of the fastest men that's ever played in the NFL. So if you lose to them, you've lost nothing. I do lose a little credit. No, I do Just a little credit. No, you lose credit. If ka beat you in a game of one on one, now you lose some credit. You, you call the bad trash your basketball. Right. If he beats you with one on one, all your cred, all your credibility is gone.


All of it. But that's not happening. Kai One on one. I'm, I'm going to embarrass him. Embarrass him all be like, I don't even gotta shoot the whole game. I'm gonna just take him to the whole Oh you take, oh no, you gonna post the man Up, post the man up whole game. He five four. He's 5 5, 5 5. Why you, you gotta decide how to, nah, you gotta shoot from the outside. No, no post up. I'm not a shooter. I'm like a Westbrook. Oh, you driving to the basket? Yep. Can I go take a charge? He took a charge in the celebrity game. I'm Euro on that shit. I appreciate you bro man. Thank you so much man. I appreciate that. All the best. Alright, Shannon. Speed All my life.


Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The, all my life I been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, pay the price. Won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The all my life I been grinding all my life.