
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, NA and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing. Easy summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here the perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Kraft Mac and cheese, Celsius energy drinks, Quaker chewy bars and sparkling ice flavored water. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions supply visit safeway.com for more details.


Could you pull up the G Herbo video? I thought this was pretty interesting to see. G Herbo was talking about the youngsters, this new generation unquote gangsters and kids that be outside the generation who dope. I don't feel like they just like us real. I feel like they just thought that shit was cool to do and they just fucked them up. Like you feel me? Like a lot of these kids they used still gave attention with it, play sports and do all this shit and they like nah hell nah. I wanna be like Keith, I wanna be like her social media aspect of it. Like they have pressure to do it. So now it's like if you ain't got no gun or you lane or you a bitch, you feel me? Like it wasn't like that with us gang. Like it was real street niggas from our hood that didn't even carry a gun because they was just play us like niggas let us fuck with the bitches. But they real street nigga, they know how to fight this niggas who trapped just sold drugs, take care of their family and didn't play with drugs. But they, that didn't mean they was no bitch ass niggas or they niggas that you play with.


You feel me? Because the nigga resort to that. But now they, they forcing this next generation to have the carry going. Not everybody is 30 niggas from the neighborhood all switches to they shooting like we was gang banging. You knew what niggas was like that, you feel me? Because it was only a handful of niggas that was like that. Not everybody like that now you feel what I'm saying? Because they forcing they hand to do that. Like oh yeah, you ain't no shit. You ain't sl you ain't this, you ain't doing that. But it's like it was never like that when we was in the streets. You feel me? I thought that was really interesting to hear that from him 'cause his accountability and it was just like, yeah we got the young niggas that wanna be like us but they no bro we had to be like this but everybody around wasn't like that. Yeah, it's crazy to see the pressures what the youngsters gotta deal with now. I know you as a coach you see a lot heavy also be here, you in the streets also. You know what I'm saying? With a younger son. It's just crazy to see that that like all these little niggas really kind of be on that now and we grew up in an era where you didn't have to be like that.


But I can't say that I see what he's saying but like bro they not, they wasn't the last era of street niggas. I mean everybody, everybody's situation is kind of different. So I don't know I, I'm a little up and up and down with that say I I Feel what he's saying 'cause even when I was in the neighborhood, like I know I grew up with my mama and daddy so, but I used to always go hang with my niggas, Jamar all my guys. But yeah all the people You know we still see me with like even like big Eric and all them lil an, everybody was different. Right. It was some people you knew who was a shooter. Yeah. You know some people who was like he said You know some people who did whatever they did.


Yeah. Not everybody was like that. Like some people just really went to the club and it's like we about to, we about to get on some girls or whatever And then you had one dude like anybody I say nothing, I'm knocking somebody out. Right. And you had that one dude who might have had something going else on going on with their life, You know what I mean? It wasn't really like it is now bro. We go to the gas station now, we get out the car. It's like you see a young dude, you automatically like bro how you doing nephew? What's good family? You know you try to say what up to 'em just to check they temperature. Yeah. Yeah because you they it is different bro. I and I like I said, I I'm, I'm both sides with it but I do understand on that side 'cause it ain't no cool niggas in the hood no more. Everybody gotta be gangsters so that's maybe what he's saying.


Yeah everybody gotta be tough and yeah because it shit the guns use them illegal to have guns now so Yeah but it was always only a select few you knew who played like that. Yeah And you kind of stayed away from them. Everybody knew like hey he on that. You know what I'm saying now every single kid, they feel like they gotta be on that. Yeah I see that side. Okay now you gotta bring it out. Yeah it's like I gotta be like an unrealistic pressure that they putting amongst themselves because I mean You know some people it's like you said time's evolved if everybody got switches, shit I gotta protect myself too. Yeah. But we grew up in a neighborhood that homie down the street. Yeah he grew up in the hood but he just went to school and was chill and I might have been a nigga over here who got a body but he ain't out here posting it on Instagram.


Yeah they they bragging with they shit. Yeah people got hats and all that. It's like that's crazy. That's the, that's the effect of the music though. That's why I said I'm kind of both sides with it 'cause it's kind of like shit that's kind of what's being put out there. Kids only know what they listen to. Niggas don't have switches to everybody start talking about 'em, they in the rap song so gotta play both sides of it. Like That's why I sound like his accountability. Yeah he is like nigga C chief keeps he us and they wanna be like that but like nigga we didn't all was like that. Some of us was like that but our entire click it was different people doing different stuff. Everybody was like nah we drilling like damn can't somebody just go to school? Can't somebody just get on the hold like ain't no variety in your game. Ain't nobody player.


And that's what I do. Shout to G Herbo, that's one of my favorite reps. But I do agree with that. Like I don't think all these little niggas is on these girls no more. That's damn near not a vibe no more. Nah bro. They got Ties bro. Yeah you damn near really wanna rob with everybody else. Nah man. I heard the other day from one of the young guys, he told me that girls don't like dudes that lift weights. I said huh? I was like I know I ain't this old. He was like yeah you gotta be skinny. He said I don't think that's true my guy, I was like I ain't that far removed from y'all but if you weigh 126 pounds, I don't think none of the girls gonna like you bro.


Yeah that motherfucker construction worker on the way boy that motherfucker who teared and put roofs on, he about to thrash her Shit soon as she old enough. I say because nigga I don't think girls like you like nah. I'm like bro you might need to lift you a little skinny bro. Like you need to. Yeah you might get some better advice bro because the drill is gonna be working ship at Amazon is going fuck up your life nigga. Oh you're throwing them boxes every day man. What? Throw you and go straight in her house on, on everything Mo. That's crazy. I hate that they have that mentality. Don't have that one kids. If y'all watch this please don't have that tape. He Told me that. I said I don't think that's true. Nobody laugh with that one. I said I don't think that's true.


Might Push themselves for no reason. Niggas gonna be gagging themselves for No reason. They try, they try fitting the purple jeans, the switch bro. They can't be too cocky at the purple jeans bro. They gotta put the BL in there. Yeah The niggas is getting robbed with skinny jeans on though. That's a fact. I don't, don't overlook nobody. I don't care what you do Be wearing denim with slides on like I got 'em right now with a fit and they will fuck your day up. Nah, them little dudes bro. I ain't gonna lie. I'm scared of all y'all. Oh me too. Like because you never know. Never. I be just, that's why I say what's up to everybody like yeah every little kid. Every little dude they be like What up Tate, what's up boy you good. Everything straight. You don't need nothing. Okay. Especially if I know your mask. Your Mama good. I just start talking like I know your mama.


Your mama good. How You know my mama? I was outside. I went to school with her. Man. Yeah let buy you something to eat boy feed you boy. Yeah. Yeah. Especially when I used to go out east go hoop. Hey, hey you still keeping them grades up ain't you? I I done graduated. Oh you graduated boy. What you doing now? Shit, you already know. Yep, yep. Alright man. Good see I know boy. I'm gonna see you around now. That's the only time I ever embraced being called OGs Gas. Say what's up? Hey what's up? How you living? Please don't shoot until I get outta here. Yeah please don't rob this motherfucker to Ali. Them mons hard. Them them them cold. I was like with these boy Yeah boy everybody got these as as you are walking to your car.


Everybody got these you want 'em. Shit everybody got these. I damn got another pair of man let's swap, let's swap what you got on better though? Yeah and it'd be some black forces with a body on them. That's a Good one though. I never thought about that. Hit that Roberto though bro. Like yours better dog. On everything I'm, I'm tough as you walking faster shit to your park. Shout out to the Ys man. Facts. I'm still laughing to arguing. Meek Mill should really have a segment where he just tweets once a week and we all react to it because that shit is crazy. But did y'all see the Wiz Honey desk? I ain't catch it. I did The Wiz Tiny Desk was super fire man.


And he did all the jams too. He did Cushion Orange Juice. He did all the jams. He did, he did a couple still. He did definitely did a couple off there for sure. Yeah. My only complaint is the homie he had doing the hooks. I Wish I have done in the back. Yeah. I wish we would've had somebody else doing the hooks shout to him. He didn't do a bad job. He Did do a bad job. But some of those classic hooks and wigs, we was performant Perform. We shoulda just Did I rather the interlude at That point. Yeah we should just did Man. Man I gotta check it out. It's it's it's fire bro. It's, it's one of my favorites for show. I gotta check it out. Yeah he was ranking his mix tapes and that was interesting to see. Very interesting to see what, how he ranked his mix tapes. Where he rank em. Obviously he had C Orange which was one. Okay. Two. He had Captain Fever of course Captain Fever.


That's my favorite whiz joint period. Mm. I'm picking Captain Fever over Kush Orange Juice. Ah nah For Me Respect to your pick for for Me that's just for me. Then he had Taylor Derice which I think is a fire type type. It is. What's that? What was my shit three times? Oh yeah, married three times. Yeah that was my shit Taylor All and it was dope to him. Ta he was like at the time when I made it I didn't even know it was fire. I was just in the groove. He was just like, I didn't really like it until everybody else told me that they fucked with it. Yeah. So that's like a cult classic for fans. He had Flight School four which is one of my fa favorite Wizz Mix tapes. That's when Wiz first really got on. Then he had Princeton the city tour as his fifth one. That's a cool type. That's underground Wiz but I wish he'd have put Star Power in there. I think that's one of the more Slept on Wiz tapes.


It's some slaps on there for sure. Yeah, I was pretty much out the game after Flight School. I ain't gonna lie. Oh yeah Flight School was that shit. That was super early on. That's when Twitter first on this list. This Oh yeah. Yeah after this. Ah, Princeton City two. I get it. I'm cool. Cabin Fever is fired though. Yeah. Fired the Beats bro. On Cabin Fever are the Production. Yeah, Them first four get run on this top five, that fifth one. Where is the goat of that lane of music? For Sure to this day nigga that Smoker music. You think he the goat? Yeah. I don't think nobody really up there with him. It's him and then like everybody else in the Smoker Lane. Yeah the the Stoner music. Yeah him currency.


I, I gotta put Wiz over Currency just 'cause of the, I mean even though currency got hella classics as well. Nah. Yeah But is Larry June part of the Smoker Music and the Lifestyle Raps Definitely Lifestyle rap. Yeah the Lifestyle Raps. I'm gonna put Larry June up there for sure. He just dropped some shit. Hey it was decent. Life is beautiful. It's crazy. One of my more him and two chains. The Alchemist, it's a fire album. Yeah, Larry been going crazy for Sure. Larry June Fire. I just think Lose is, I mean Lose Wiz is like the, the OG of that man. He probably been around probably since 2010, 2009 doing shit. He still going on tour today and it's gonna sell out. Yeah for sure. Like he do that where we go clips whatever they're called Bro. Him and the baby we trying to work out to get them here too.


They'll be here but Yeah that whole 20,000 They doing that show. Yeah, They he, he's never not showed out here. He Has lots of tour every summer and he does stadiums. Not states but he does. But I too Stanford theaters. Yeah because it ain't no like little homie shit but he bring like bigger artists that you want to see. Like he do the up and coming but he like damn baby girl. I remember bro. I swear to God RIP What's the white boy that used to rap? Mac Miller. Mac Miller. Yeah, Mac Miller, Rick Ross and nigga Kendrick Lamar opened up for West Khalifa here bro that is a fact. 2011. So that's what I'm saying. Kendrick had a buzz. Yeah at then, You know what I'm saying? So I rock with Wizz And then the second leg tour, that guy I think is him Currency, Larry Junior, somebody else.


I'm like that's a crazy concept. That's a you high as fuck. Yeah. Six Hours in a row bro. You ain't Got bring no weed shit. Walk around, get high off contact. Yeah you're gonna die by the end of the concert but you're gonna have a great time. For sure. See I I fuck with that vibe. It's it is just not for me. Yeah. Like I I couldn't be out there six hours bro. I, I couldn't. Yeah. And I don't even smoke reefer so I don't wanna sound like a old nigga but boy I'm real strict with this concert going there. I need to know who I wanna see and I'm gonna get there late to see who I wanna see and I'm done bounce bro. I don't have it in me to be out there four hours. I love concerts. I love concerts too bro. I go, I can go for the whole pause If it's a, if it's a RB concert bro. I, I'm real for Sure.


I'm I'm not going to see the old X no more though. What's my Old they Half the groups don't be showing up. True. I don't like that shit either. I'm rolling. When we went to Drew, see Drew Hill and Cisco, I, Well it's 30 of them so they they got, I need the Original five whoever they was. Yeah I remember that. My dad felt a way 'cause they was to go see the unquote Temptations and he was just like why am I paying this money and none of these niggas was in the movie. Oh God. And I said You know about Point they all dead though. That's my Oldest. No, no I got a relationship with your dad too. He is out of pocket. He you going to pay them and bro You know the real life behind them bro. Yeah but you done expect him to walk on stage and perform how you want them two.


You ask for a lot G. Hey You know how my dad do with that with that bread bro. He's like make this shit make sense. I know Bro. I'm not seeing But to expect to see the Temptations in 2025 and they was performing in 1945 and They all died. They all did. We seen the movie you asking a lot. They don't even know where David died. There wasn't No regular Dickies bro. My dad Motherfuckers said me here you act like Paul I got offended. I said Paul damn was an alcoholic on the, He was. It wasn't no damn near Paul. I was slab shit though. Bitch was hard. Paul bitch was man I be, God bless me, What's so crazy?


That's one of my favorite movies but it's one of the BEST OF all Talk was about to say them old do movies about all them old Temptations is not better than Five Heartbeats. No Five Heartbeats is my favorite. That's number one. Five Heartbeats is my favorite Movie. I just said that for dj 'cause he always be trying to think about it bro. What Five Heartbeats? Yeah. My favorite movie of all time I could recite the whole movie. It's a great movie and I'm not combating it. My only problem is when niggas went when the Temptations was really real life. So that's what makes you crazier bro. Oh bro. I ain't got no any Any case. My nigga's life is Line bro. What's Robertson Robert Toson? Shout out to my nigga Philip Collins bro. That's Robert Townson bro. Oh he look just like He grew up like that bro. Duck pissy es and shit like that.


Don't do my nigga like that. That's Phil's story not mine bro. Damn I'm just telling you. No remember I I go your house Phil. Y'all mattress won't pissy bro. You didn't go on, you didn't go on 19th and what's the name you didn't They brought the same mattresses bro. I'm not They were, they were pissy. They Were pissy bro. Shout to Carl family man. Don't live alive of a millionaire or a Movie. Nah dj. I don't know why you always said that bro. Temptation damn near third Bro Temptations Michael Jackson story and then oh bro. Even though Imagine Michael Jackson's story was really TV series Michael Jackson then N Yeah it five Heartbeats number one for me. Alright. I'm about the temptation. What y'all putting The new edition one Should be very, very high. 'cause it's fire.


It's fire. It is fire. It ain't in five heartbeats. It's not but it's definitely shop off. It shot nothing but love. That shit was smoke bro. That's One all 'cause Eddie K just so Much love but Bobby Brown was different bro. Eddie K girl pressure. I don't know man that that new edition shit is. They did their thing with that shit bro. That was fine. You want My spot because gimme Bobby Brown said Red came that nigga fled said Flash. I'm leaving a group check out my new album Flash. It's lonely at the top. That's what they got. Lame though. I my mama that's what the movie got weak. We got the movie got week 10. That nigga said Flash it's lonely at The time and ain't nobody died in a new edition or so. But the way that they did the new edition shit like with Rob trying to go solo Ella you a whole ass nigga.


He was like damn. All the reason we the group together he is like we don't care. He had the Best and Johnny GI came in there. Yeah bro. They had a lot of moving pieces bro. Yeah He ain't gimme me New Edition bro. It is up there. I'm taking New Edition over Temptations And I hate to say it like this but if you really wanna laugh in one of them bro. The TLC one is crazy. Yeah, Yeah that's, that's out. I fucked with it though. I do too. It is just like oh my god I couldn't because they kind of look like them. They do. Yeah. Yeah they did for sure. But that, that movie bro is, it's horrible bro. But that's horrible bro. That that movie is terrible. The treat women like that bro. That's when that walk should have started when that movie came in. Me Too should have started when TLC dropped Bro.


They was bro they got cheated so bad bro. La Reed walking around like that never happened. La Reed still signing niggas La Re the guy Bro. Hey what's crazy when he seems like yeah it was cool. Next question I say whoa First nigga for Vanessa Whip to keep going man He put it on wax too. He's crazy. I ain't, I ain't saying nothing man. Man how you on Because you ain't got why we here talking about more black stuff. Have y'all seen Straw on Netflix Terry Tyler Perry movie with I seen it.


Hey man it is fucking ridiculous. Is it good? Ridiculous or bad? Bad ridiculous bro. Oh goodness. Taraji Hanson bro is a part I well alert. She is a part of a murder bro and walks across the street to cash her check. At that point I wanted to throw my phone through the tv. They have 4.2 stars. I'm like everybody reviewed it real hot. I ain't seen the check. I'm, I'm here for the black support but it is some bullshit that's taken bro. She a nigga got killed bro at this grocery market right here bro. She walked across the street to cash her check. The police went to three different crime scenes, her old apartment and never went across The street bro. Oh. She kept saying like she was trying to get money for her daughter bro or some shit like that Bro. They took her daughter in the movie bro.


Took her daughter. Okay because it was neglect going on. Took her daughter bro. She goes back and clock in like nothing happened bro. Yeah bro. After her daughter got taken. Yes bro. She gotta get that money. Yeah but hold on, did she commit the murder? Yes. Man, she's gonna be dumb. She shot a nigga in the chest bro. Yeah, I'll Watch it Probably though bro. No please watch it. It's, it is absolutely ridiculous. So she shot somebody in the chest and, and dipped off. She didn't even like dip. She was going across the street. She walked across the street with Blood on the check and said can you cash a from me? They said you don't have an id. She said I left it at home. Ain't gonna lie to y'all. And You know I ain't snitching of course, but I promise we know somebody who shot and killed somebody and came to the club with us and partly like nothing happens.


I got nothing but love for You. So I know a RealAge is just a boy version. Listen bro. Facts But shout out to that movie. Shout, Shout. I know though. I, I swear to God I don't know who he talking about. That was a long time ago, yo. It was in like 2012. That's a crazy top step. I I was not there. I was lived in Atlanta. The podcast booth was like yeah 2012 I lived in Atlanta. Ain't nobody listening to this shit. Nah bro, that movie is absolutely crazy. Please watch it if you haven't seen the Taller Period guys again, man I say that I lived Atlanta 22 About to scroll through his own Instagram, his Facebook and find every picture in 2012 When you went out he locked up now.


Shit, he got caught. What the hell? Just saying. I was just going off the reference of the movie though. Like y'all keep going and making this shit worse than what it was. I just saying that's what You do to me every time. Is He in jail for that murder? Yeah. Oh Okay. Okay. I guess that makes it Better. Yeah, I'm just saying I know a motherfucker who did that. Y'all doing all this? I was, I was in Atlanta. I was assistant man. I was at Mama house has already been convicted Of that thing. You not Like No it doesn't matter. Go back and find scary ass niggas. You can't take these niggas shoes while You got bro. Just don't shoes those shoes bro. I don't wanna fight This. Why I don't watch movies because I can't get Bob.


That's so I stick to myself. I'll let y'all do that movie review shit. No, please watch it bro. It's absolutely Right. But why did she always, well I guess that's just what she's good at then about Tara Hit what? Did she ever play somebody positive? No bro. She is the embodiment of black woman Structure show. No, no. She played a positive movie when she did the numbers movie. Well she was like an engineer or something named Jims. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Because even in like, like think like a man, they just made her to be just a snob. I'm like damn, why can't she ever just be a cool motherfucker Because they said she's a vet for the rest of her life, bro. That's crazy. I stole my car Jody. One of my favorite quotes of all time. I stole my car. That's a wild take Jody.


The real I he ain't pay her rent stole my car. He said no I ain't gonna hit your head. I'm about to put some dos in your shit. We doing real Jody too on me. Tell me who is he? Is he in jail Now? That nigga Free? Yeah, This nigga is stupid. That nigga Free Our friends get some of the crazy shout outs on this platform and I oh You know, it's a friend. I'm trying to make sure they associate whoever they may be piece we Shout out to that guy. I'm just trying to see why they make movies so it's like damn. You know a nigga like that. Let me tune in Man. You think nevermind Who speak your heart brother. Nah, I I I would just stop.


I I'm gonna keep it. I'm gonna keep it clearing. Mike, you think about somebody else? No, no, no. Oh y'all know I him too. Oh facts. Oh hell. Who That's far. I know who he talking who the most. Let's get off that Subject And we ain't talking about Jody Breeze Here, we're we really not. But we always talk to Jody Breeze. Shout to Jody Brees.


The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance so we can play some bets on these games. Man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA. For sure. We ready to tap in man, what you got for me That five to get $300 in bonus be Man $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Yeah, I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm using that bonus bet to put it in for my Indiana Pacers. We going to get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time bets on DraftKings $5. Get you $300 in bonus. Be if your bet wins. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings. Put in promo code Club five 20. That's again promo Code Club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me but hey you bit that $5 and you get $300 back on with that. Bonus bets for sure. Only on DraftKings the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Boot Ho Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're route and we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education when you take the test drive using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions. Apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for the towels.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Kraft Mac and cheese, Celsius energy drinks, Quaker chewy bars and sparkling ice flavored water. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restric and supply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees


Get in the zone. AutoZone Jane has 150,000 miles on her truck and she's proud of that. Jane's Secret AutoZone where friendly auto owners help her find the right parts. Jane's brother Josh only cares that his car starts and goes but when it doesn't, he also goes to AutoZone. Where friendly auto owners help with free services. No hassles just help Everything you need. Nothing you don't Get into zone. AutoZone Restrictions apply


Anyway. What's up? What's going on man? Y'all need to talk about something on the morning show the other day. I can't remember what it was. He wanna talk about that dude. A dj. That was something else. He mentioned Something. It was something else. I can't remember either though. We could move on though Because yeah, That's funny man. Before we get outta here in the sports world, I've been cracking up at the, actually let's go back to music. K Kdot performed in Toronto. Oh wow. Yeah I heard the fans kept saying replay that shit. Yeah, they said spin it again. Damn. In Toronto. Yeah man. Is that wild? Yes. Do y'all think like, I don't think it's wild. I just think I'm in shock he performed there though.


I am too. Two nights. I mean, fans are fans. I don't think they Were but the sell out two nights in Toronto when Drake is there. Mm. That's tough. That's that's a, because that's your Drake is Toronto. I Feel like Who, who was it? Who was the artist who like bought somebody else? Like all the tickets 50. Was it 50 50 did That's the y rule. All I feel like, like a Drake and I got that much money. That's what I'm Doing. You buy all the tickets? I'm Buying all the tickets. Oh you spent them to a mill. I Don't give a fuck. I'm Drake two mil. I'm buying 'em. I'm buying 'em all. Well and I and I'm sitting in the crowd. Those tickets was bought by real guests. He don't give a fuck. Real. I bet Kendrick wouldn't give a fuck.


I mean he get paid either. Which way? Yeah, He gonna be like, all right, what's up? Follow me on tour nigga. Just keep it going. Wow. Toronto, I'm about to perform these hits to sell Out back to back though and damn. And your op city. That's tough because obviously C is a little bit a small macro situation but like Drake is gonna sell out LA too 'cause Drake is gonna go crazy 'cause Drake, I Just don't, maybe like Canadians don't care. Maybe people, I'm not gonna separate Canadians from Americans. I don't think people really care bro. You like what you like it's Probably people from all over though. Yeah, that's in Toronto to watch those. You know what I mean? You think Drake shows out in California still? For sure. Yeah bro. Drake? Yeah because they probably make it more uncomfortable than they could in Toronto.


Yeah 'cause obviously he was moving around with Oh in Toronto wild bro. But they, no, he was riding around with, he had security 'cause he slept in New York and then flew back to Toronto for the next show. They was just like, he, he wa he moved around with security. Duh. If I'm going to somebody's city, I got a problem with of course I'm gonna have security. Are you crazy? Yeah. That's the difference. Yeah. What? Well like a show. I don't think people care that much about this shit. Oh so he going to New York every time? Yeah, he went to New York to go to sleep to come back. Which I don't blame him. Shit. Nah, that's genius bro. I don't, I don't care that much. Especially if you not my nigga bro. I don't. This entertainment shit is for what it is. If I like the music I'm gonna listen to it. That's how I feel. And that's probably Really cool though. Yeah. But I don't know.


Drake probably felt like, Man I think Drake had a bigger play. Obviously he sued whoever he sued. Yeah U and g with it. I don't think it's really Kendrick. Like Kendrick did whatever he did. It was a battle. That shit wasn't about nothing. Yeah. That's how I look at it. It would've been over a long time ago if the other stuff afterwards happened. Obviously the lawsuits and some of the other antics. But they all said keeping music, nobody got hurt in the process that we know of. It is just good rap music. Yeah. I just don't think the average listener, that's why I be trying to tell some of my friends in the streets. Yeah bro. They, these people don't really care bro. Like they don't care about this beef shit. We put more into it than the average listener bro. That's another song for them.


If it's fire to them, they gonna listen to it. If it's trash, they not gonna Fuck with it. We will stop being friends with people we know. If they had like a rapper we don't like Yeah nigga it's it is up. Niggas gonna play that shit on radio. Oh that's fire. What's next? Yeah, don't give a damn about that. Most consumers don't care about no fucking rap beef man show don't I'm gonna play whatever the fuck come on. And it's probably gonna be from 2007. That's why I don't get like too into it with these like entertainment people. 'cause I just, I like what I like it. Same with basketball. People would would go crazy and I had friends over a team that they like, it's like bro it's not that bro. It's not that fucking people mad at me about the Pacers like and it's funny 'cause I went on that pat when I went on Pat show they thought I was gonna stand down like yeah I thought a KC was gonna win the series and I don't care.


Yeah. And I, I'm like the craziest part is like to see even people from our city go crazy like support the team and You know let's have basketball, beef talk that's cool. Talk shit like yeah. You know what I mean? But to say a motherfucker ain't from here and all this shit when these niggas are walk right past you, oh the same niggas you jumping up and down for will walk right past you and treat you like a fucking fan is outta pocket. That's a fact. So I, I want y'all to get that shit straight. Like Stop being fucking weird. Tyrese. Obie being all them is walking past y'all down the street with the rest of the people and y'all doing this to they thumb probably that type of shit like yeah ain't no real love bro.


Like so to get mad at somebody over some shit like that and I don't know that shit just out of pocket to me bro. Like let's argue about who better between SGA and Tyree saying talk about Basketball Shit but saying niggas this and that bro that shit lame as hell. Hell yeah. And bro, unfortunately I'm a dollar pacer fan. I could give a fuck. I ain't seen none of y'all arguing about this shit bro. Y'all don't care that much. Y'all just want to have a reason to do some shit or feel like you important about some shit. Yeah But you're a pacer fan. Let's just argue about the game. Fuck you about the game. Like but me and DJ, we argue about the game. Yeah But once it over it's like I don't give a fuck that shit. Like Yeah but Took so far now when motherfuckers Be mad like I can't believe you going against your city. I'm like man them niggas ain't even from Indianapolis.


I had to tell motherfuckers Like when they get done playing this, all niggas gonna party in Miami. They're not about to party with y'all. They about to go to Vegas, Miami, they gonna start to jet up and they're not in culture with you my nigga. You will not see them. They going to Vegas and Miami. They, This is why the city can't have nothing bro. There's so much other shit going on that we need be worried About. There's so much positive shit that people do here on a weekly basis that's like actually impactful to you, your children, your family that you could get behind and push and help the betterment of the city. But you don't give a fuck about that. You just want something to talk about on Facebook and them niggas about to go throw camps. Look Aren, Nesmith is gonna go throw a camp in South Carolina with the championship trophy as a crib.


Yeah. Like Yes Tyrese is going back to a Wisconsin. Yeah he is going to with that trophy. Trophy and throwing a camp bro. He's not Miles Turner is going to Texas. Texas bro. Like they don't. Okay. I play for the Pacers nigga once y'all trade 'em, them niggas don't give a fuck about Indianapolis no more. It's their job. Nigga you worked at Kroger at 16. Are you still raping for them? No, no nigga For sure. I just say support the team though. Rock out with the team just yeah, leave the people alone man. And shout out to them girls that was fighting outside of Georgia Street. I was wilding. Yeah But they was fighting over the Pacers. Nah, they all had RS shirts on. See you. Shit got deeper than the game. I was like it ain't have nothing to do with the game.


And they weren't even at the game. Niggas was just outside fighting. Yeah. Once the vibe like and I see one of 'em had on a fucking Justin holiday shirt. Oh yeah she, she needed to be kicked Throw update you and it's a bonus. I was like Y shirt. Oh yeah. And and honestly if you got a Justin holiday T jersey shirt, not a jersey, you have a T jersey shirt, you should took the L. Yeah because I don't even find that. Disrespect my dog. That's my dog. No, No, no. I'm just saying update your Said where do you find that? Nah, that's a holiday. My dog Face of history. And it be getting swaggy but nah like that's nasty. Get come on, it's a bonus T-shirt and you bumping outside. Yeah I swear you, you Deserve everything bro's. A bonus. T That's crazy.


I might have made that up but I just feel like she had one on. Yeah, if you got the number 11 T you're disgusting. I seen somebody at the, at culture, I mean now where was that ho Vito? You remember she was sitting over, she had to Tea. Oh yeah. Yeah. I was like damn, shit she Did. She did. She somebody gave her that. Damn. The funniest thing is when teams go far in the playoffs and they start finding all the random jerseys. I've been seeing some crazy pastry shit dog. Oh y on God. Do y'all think they already got the championship teams printed up? You know they are bro. And and when you, I wonder Which thought she's getting first I wonder who got dibs on them. I'm the loser. I can't wait till I see that game. Seven hat somewhere bro. That knick face I'm gonna go with. Mm. What continent it's gonna be on?


Oh You know. Oh You know the first one. You know the continent where it's going now I just all piece of love my pin ats, we have to have Dr. M. So 40 years. I don't know what we gotta do. We gotta figure that out. We gonna have to pay him y'all bro. He Gonna charge a nigga 20,000. Oh but that no on here. He would not be on this platform man. I don't know. He take a BT, we can figure it out. I would never pay. I would Love Talk. You'll pay 20,000 talk somebody, Mike. Who me? Yeah. To learn something. Yeah, I would. What the fuck you gonna teach me? Oh not I wouldn't pay him. You said I'm somebody, did you pay somebody $20,000?


Sit down, talk to him? Yeah, like if I'm paying like Jay-Z or something, I'm paying, What is he gonna teach you? That's what it'll be. It could be some method to the matters. Yeah, like Myron Golden y don't know who that is but like I would pay him to sit down with him, even pick his prank Probably. I'll just watch a YouTube interview from that nigga. I mean, So Mike's taking the dinner. I'm, I'm taking, taking the dinner. So you would take, we do the $500,000 with Jay-Z. Oh It's 500,000. Okay. Let's just say you got $20,000. Okay. Or you can dinner with Jay-Z or $20,000. Oh Mike's doing that then. I'm definitely going to dinner. Mike Going to dinner? $20,000 or Myron? Dude you just said I'm going to dinner. Yeah, Both Going to dinner. Catch me out. Yeah, Yeah I'm going to Dinner next time.


Ho, appreciate you bro. I'm headed to the dealership game For 500 though. I'll watch it on YouTube. There's nobody in the world I need to talk to for $500,000 bro. No, there's no, if it ain't Jesus, I'm cool. Yeah. Nobody for $20,000 I need to talk to. Unless they about to tell me how I can get $20 million. If that's the That's the Idea. No, if they got that's Idea, that's the idea of no, No. If they got it for me, like yeah we want sign you for $20 million. Yeah. Oh yeah. But nigga they'd be like hey it's 20,000, you can talk to me. I'm gonna tell y'all how all this could work better. I'd be like, I See Mike going to get the game though. Yeah, I'm going to. Yeah, you go get the game. You go in the hidden photo right now. You can find a whole bunch of those people who tell you if you pay me right now, I'll give you the keys to success.


Yeah. You know what I'm gonna do? And they gonna give you a keys to a Honda Accord. And I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna go look at the interview that you had with him. I know he said it on YouTube before he probably, so I'm gonna, some time I'm gonna go look on YouTube and then I'm gonna come back and be like, Mike, what do he say? He my man if you get stuck in the algorithm and you move it right here. I'm like yeah, he said that on that interview we get, Oh my god. He Said with that interview right, He would do some shit like that. We gonna scream record like we do Pat. He said it right there. Hell no.


And on that note man, shout out to Boost Mobile. You know the vibes. 99 99 tap in the new special. Get you a iPhone 15 with the dynamic camera man. It is going down right now. Shout out to Boost Mobile. Be here.


Tell the people where they can grab some merch. Shout club five twenty.com baby. Come on man. We got a dope collab with the merch. Tap in. In the next few weeks we're gonna have some products, shots for show. Shout out to T Mark. Shout out to Mitchell Nest. Man, we cooking up for show as we always do. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time. Club five 20, We get it.


There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you. We're root and we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education when you take the test drive using the root app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the root app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for the towels.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Dove ice cream bars, chips, hoy cookies, Arrowhead bottled water and Charmin bath tissue. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online. For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store Gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts. This content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees


Get in the zone. AutoZone Jane has 150,000 miles on her truck and she's proud of that Jane's Secret AutoZone. Where friendly auto owners help her find the right parts. Jane's brother Josh only cares that his car starts and goes but when it doesn't he also goes to AutoZone. Where Friendly AutoZone help with free services. No hassles. Just help Everything you need. Nothing you don't Get in the zone. AutoZone Restrictions apply.


Hey man, could we please load up the Drake man? This church walker man it's been getting out of pocket. I don't know what's been on y'all spirit in these places man. But load it up now. This is crazy bro. This be in church? No it ain't green ship pubes right there. Hell nah. We we look way better than that. Damn. Oh how mad you gotta be to see a nigga At church. You got little place. Look at that arm. She cook some good old soul food. Oh yeah, if, if she got that arm, that mac and cheese is elite. That is crazy bro. You know how mad you gotta be to whoop somebody in the sanctuary bro. Yeah, bros taking place. He said oh, Say less.


Hey That's, can we start back from beginning? Please shout to the elder who came through with the spirit though. Look, he held it down and said nah, nah he did. He used to play football for sure. What? That must be his people though. He took that as right. Tried to smack you with the symbol though. That nigga with that high hat. Y'all seen the other pastor? You see the other pastor that said y'all woman putting that horse hair, y'all ain't see it? Uhuh? Yeah it is a dude. It is a pastor. I seen it on green was like that horse hair for that comes off a donkey ass. Take that shit off your head. Y gotta see it. I can't remember exactly what he said he cussing though. Nah, he ain't cussing but he just said it was for You know purposes.


Yeah that hair ain't. Yeah, if women's still wearing synthetic hair, you outta pocket. Oh I gotta all this human hair, all these hair they shaving off and sitting their hair over here. Get y'all some real hair man. There's plenty of women who are still gonna DJ beauty supply bro to get what they need done. Man you can't even put no heat on that man. Don't do that to yourself. Hey what's crazy, the first fight of this right here, the classic brought up to Drake? Yeah this is during church too front row. But we saw His star in the east. He just start pee. He up so casually and this is, he had mask the street and this nigga still talking.


Shut up, nigga can call for your security. Hey man what's so Funny is bro got up and immediately started squat. Hey I want when the back story is to that bro. For y'all to start fighting like that. A nigga couldn't take it no more Bro. Hey man. So tell hey I know you gonna be at church on Sunday, that's why I'm gonna catch you. That's gotta be some real static bro. Nah, for sure. So, man, that's crazy. I don't want whoop nobody in church though bro. You supposed to go to church. Clear your mind bro. How you going there with that type of animosity on your heart? Man, I ain't never that mad at nobody bro. Man to say I gotta catch you at church. It is crazy man. I don't know what's going on man. We need some therapy man. You cannot be squabbling in the church bro.


What is this? I'm gonna say Malco everything you gotta say Mal got everything loaded up in the drink today. Warriors, Mike. Yeah, but having beef and church is crazy bro. That nah, facts. I can't believe that people really even sent this out man. What about y'all boy? Lamar Ham though bro. What He do? That's what y'all kept talking about in the chat. Lamar Willmar do Loaded it Up. What was Lamar? Man I'm kind of scared that. Oh yeah this is, this is crazy. What is that? The fact that he said has the pastor voice behind Lamar. Oh. What? Pastor boy. Oh the wish You gonna have to work that out for you 'cause this is crazy.


What? Please put that in the ball clip again. Not with the pastor's voice though. Think you see that motherfucker scare. Oh this is when he was talking about Kevin Garnett. Yeah. Oh. But the clip is so crazy You can't say that Now. What the fuck makes this immediately funnier? Yeah. Yeah I remember that. That's wild bro. K him stop talking about Kg saying that Them old heads be outta pocket bro. Hey man, it is about time we get your cousin on the show man, bro.


Bro, been tripping. That Raven's mo comment in. What'd he say about Ravening? Man, I seen him talk about Ray J. I ain't seen Raven. Yeah, he snapped. He snapped on Ray J. Rightfully so though. Yeah, Ray J was out of pocket. Ray J is trying to steal his swag bro. I feel like What did he say Ray J say why? Why he snap on Ray J? I seen he said that Ray J gave him some weed when he was 13. Yeah, basically he's saying like Ray J showed up, you basically incriminating yourself, You know what I'm saying? And Ray J said he was gonna show up to court but naked like nigga what you on? So Orlando was trying to tell him, man, clean it up bro. You calling yourself the king pen like you keep incriminate yourself. Well you been giving kids drugs for a long time. You had me smoking with you when I was 13 so he's snitching but I don't, I don't think he liked that Ray J really trying to steal his bread.


You know Ray J was lying and say he cracked sexy red and he just been tweaking out Ray J on them drugs. Same Orlando. You know how Orlando said he was cracking bow and shit like that so. Oh yeah, he trying to steal the method, the Wild shit. Yeah Man, he told Ray Because Ray had been tweaking. Well he said about Raven was so damn funny. What he said about Raven come back, he said come back home. You know what of deal. Oh Yeah, he did say That. He told her she need to come back to this side. Yeah. Told her girl was weak and everything. Shout to bro. He said You know not even warming enough come back home. She shaved her head Box said no, no, I'm the only man in this relationship.


Hey that nigga crazy man. That no LeBron's one of the funniest people ever bro. Who about do we gotta pay him to come on the show bro? He ain't gonna come on to love like everybody else. Oh we got pay the fee for Orlando. We gonna start the GoFundMe man. If you want Orlando Brown this podcast tap in man. I don't know how much that appearance cost. We gonna figure it out man. I wonder how much he gonna charge me. I gonna say we need a family discount. That's a fuck. Dang. He probably give you about, probably say five. Damn because hundred Bands Orlando Worth five Not for 'cause. Nah, like I said, we gotta get the family discount man. If He off that cane for sure. Five. I was watching Joe Button podcast. Why they say money back yo had surgery. Is that real?


Did y'all see that? What? On his body? On his face. Oh no. Damn they saying he doing, I ain't see that. Nah, I ain't seen that. Only thing I've seeing is that's two times in my timeline with his shirt off and I'm tired of it. I I'm sick of it. I don't know what algorithm I made. Get s me out of it please. Yeah, they, I don't know. I seen a clip they was saying that Joe Button was talking about like he had surgery. Oh He look different now. Damn, I ain't seen him in a while or heard no new music from him. I'm surprised. Typically summertime is when money back. I was like I was just, I didn't know if that was fake or not. I'm like Hopefully it's fake. I doubt I'll probably lose weight. Get surgery on his face. Yeah, probably got a good skincare routine now. Yeah, well sooner man.


But we don't know what's going on. Shout to money back. Niggas Is out here getting surgery though. Everything. Look it up Malcolm. See if that's, we can find a clip for Joe. Times is different bro. You know what I'm saying? Gunner got the Birkin for his B day and people on his head about it. They just like why niggas getting purses? He got a Birkin bag? Yeah, for the, for the gift for his birthday. Somebody gave him one first his birthday? Yes. Like a gym like a I ain't say it. No, Nah. Like a it's A, it's I heard it, I heard about it. It's, it's a, now I don't know too much about the B'S above my tax bracket but yeah, it it look it like person, it look like a person to me respectfully. Is that real? I don't know. I just heard him talking about there's no way it's real Now that don't Look like real.


That gotta be tel man. He looks like he's had a quite a bit of bro talk. No, he got a lot of shit done. He looks like he got a lot, a lot done and I guess people are just now noticing Damn it wasn't The most, the picture didn't favor him the best. Oh That don't look like bad. Yeah, I'm gonna stall him out on this one. That look crazy though. He got it done. Whatever they saying he got done, he went and Got it done. Joe is wild. He's so secretive about The shit nigga. We got Eyes, we Remember when you came out and we're looking at you now, Would you guys, what would, what do you think the response would be if somebody came out and said yeah You know I got a little bit of Botox here in my here and I got my eyes pulled up Here.


Absolutely. Yeah. Surgery out of pocketed Before man. I was gonna ask y'all that Is surgery or out of pocket. I'm not. I mean I don't think hairline surgery and stuff is out of pocket. Nah, if women can go get weeds bro. You can go to, you can go to Turkey bro. I ain't mad at you ain't my ministry. But do your thing. I ain't mad at you bro. All right so what, what about your, your body though? Y'all giving hairline to pass. What about If you're going to get the fake abs, that's nasty and you deserve to be Jon on. You deserve it because you can go work out bro. Might, there's many things You, you can do bro. Bro. Yeah bro. You going to the vacuum as a man, that's just lazy bro. Lock in Also. It's just lazy. It's not frowned upon.


I'm not, that's not something I'll do. I'm not looking anyway 'cause I don't, You know what I'm saying? That's not my ministry by any means. But yeah, that's wild bro. Like that's not something I'll do. I wouldn't go get surgery for So y'all judge me if I I'm definitely talking about Just me, just me, not everybody else. Y'all gonna judge me. I'm Only gonna judge you if you get on Instagram and become a fitness instructor. You know you can't start doing the the motivated workouts. No I'm gonna, I'm literally going play that clip where you said he was crowd surfing the DJ and then he start playing Get it sexy and I'm gonna play. Every time I see you you get some fucking ass, you gonna Turn me up. No Turn that song on. Every time I'm turn to Jumping Jackson Go ahead. Every come here, every time we go, every time we go work out I'll be like play a song man.


I can't even leave. Y'all would judge me if I got man some abs bro. That Is, I'm only judging if you get on Instagram and you in tank tops and your shirt off. Yo, I'm gonna live my rap though. I'm Judging you bro. I'm gonna say that Sassy bro. You gonna have a freak bike video. I'm gonna be in that Motherfucker. Sign up today. What's, What's the dude with the hair? They got that billion dollar house that Richard Simmons. That's why I'm gonna start calling you. I call you Richard, I call you Richard Simmons the whole time my boy gonna come back like buddy love real. What was the name?


Yeah, call The real Ashanti Ashanti not the real Tea man. Not what that shit. What was it Not Tavo. What was it? Ta Yeah ta bro. I can't believe y'all judging somebody forget if y'all got new hair lines and I got some ass Bro's. That's wild Is a difference bro. That's different bro. Hell bro. Y'all hairline is fake. He fought that fight bro. He couldn't fight it no more Bro. Fake bro. Bro, you could go to the gym bro and get the body you want. Want bro. You just have to lock. I can't do nothing against the hair. I can do a pushups, my hair Gone off. Adams under this bro. They're just gonna make 'em show y'all are head. I'm fool. A nigga literally has to draw on your head bro.


And I he removing stuff over you are he moving stuff in the back? Put it to the front. Pause you taking stuff from the front and put it To put it in the trash. If I come with a wagon I'm outta pocket. A nigga getting is insane. That's Crazy. Nah but y ain't gonna judge me. Fuck that. You kind of niggas come around with like, everybody's like somebody came here and said I'm paying for everybody just surgery only pick your surgery y'all niggas pick Carolines and I pick abs. Y'all really out pocket. No you're out pocket. Nah me because I always got clothes on. You're out of pocket bro. Y'all niggas come up with a, a fresh line and shit naturally Crisp, crispy all the time.


Super crispy Steve Harvey you never know Why not Bro. See Chad, these niggas judging and and will get the same thing if somebody paid for your surgery to get your hairline back. Right. Y'all are going to do it. Nah, I ain't, I ain't going to do it anyway. I just, I don't care that much. I'm already married. Who cares? I mean respect. It'd just be funny. I mean people would be like yeah girls can do it man can't. Well yeah there's You know a couple things that we can do that they can't so that's fair. But as a man that's wild bro. Yeah I just don't feel like that man should have surgery on they body. That's like cosmetic surgery. Yeah Bro. Shape me up bro. I'm nothing bro. Shape me up is crazy and it be the people who have it and they move to a new city and become a totally different person.


Like cosmetic surgery as a man on your body is crazy. Jeff got a gym, I'm in that bitch every day nigga headband on shirt off And I have nop, I might bend you bro. I'm you gonna be, it's fake bro. Hey they be getting mad at women with women have cosmetic surgery. They go work Jennifer, How you got it? What did she do Bro? I told y'all she had the weight loss commercial bro. She went under the tion bro. She went under the Amazon machine bro. Y'all never said nothing to her bro. You hate bro. She had old Epic early bro. Y'all just didn't had a recipe. That's the thing though. She was locked in when the girls had a surgery. They still gotta workout to maintain it. Most definitely. So I think girls do forget that part.


So I get it with girls but I don't, I just, So how you don't get it with me bro? I'm in the gym and you said you gonna bend me from your gym because Bro why are you coming here taking your shirt off bro? That's my as I'll take off my shirt anyway. That's How You know when most niggas and had surgery they whole body they start getting super tatted. Oh yeah. They try to cover Up. We're flooding the gates for sure. That's like the koi fish was the women. Yeah hot the trap door. For sure. Yeah Bro listen you can't take your shirt off and play the fitness so you'd be walking in that gym with no shirt is crazy. Yeah, this I walk around my shirt off now I don't give a fuck but I'm saying though, y'all to judge nigga because he got some new abs and like damn bro you got a new hairline.


That motherfucker cool. That's crazy to me y'all, it's cosmetic surgery Now. If you go get the beard you're nasty and you deserve to be judged bro. If you get a beard. Yeah bro. Going Turkey, get the beard, you're nasty. I don't know bro. Adding a beard to your face is crazy. That is but it's a game changer. Y'all seen James Harden without his beard bro. That's nigga's motivation but that's From God. Jimmy Can do it but I'm saying it makes you look different. Like Jimmy grew his shit out like damn a beard. Y'all wouldn't get the beard. DJ got a full beard so you could say shit like that. Yeah. Hey You know what's funny? That was just like if you take it away from everybody, if men just had to go with no haircuts, no nothing, just all, You know what I'm saying?


God intended and women, they were just like the world would be a crazy place 'cause a nigga not getting a haircut for years. It's crazy bro. I I think it'd be worse on a woman though. Like what? You mean the woman couldn't do what? Get the hair done. Yeah, I think take it back to Cobo. Everybody was sucking the house. You had to get it how you live. If you couldn't do hair, your hair was your hair. Hey It just three times I'm be a natural bull then Them zoom calls was crazy. I I wouldn't, I don't know it. Some girls, I a lot of women actually not some, a lot of women would, would be depressed before dudes. Oh yeah. And I get Their hair Done I think. I mean nigga sit in jail bro. Don't care about getting their haircut Bro. They got, that'd be more of like, that'd be a black thing. Yeah. Mm.


Yeah. Facts Bro. Because a lot of, a lot of white girls don't go get their hair done. Yeah. Yeah. I I mean I'm, I mean I don't know. They might but I feel Like not like not like us. Yeah, I Feel like it is different. Yeah. Yeah. That is priority in our community for sure. Yeah, we spend a lot of money in that space. I mean everybody does but we as black consumers spend a lot of money in those spaces. What's the long as y'all go without getting a haircut? I'm about a week and a Half. Can I have a clipper like my own clippers and I can just knock my mustache down. Oh no, Still But like if I, I can get knock What you mean? Like I can just get the clippers and knock my mustache down. Like not let it just keep growing.


Why have y'all ever tried to lay yourself up? Like, like face your hair? Shit, I don't fucking know nigga gotta pay a barber to do that. I don't fuck around y'all niggas at home cutting yourselves. No, I tried one time nigga my mustache was too big bro. I tried bro. Nigga went to the barbershop, had to shave all this shit off bro. I was like 21 too so it wasn't too crazy. Oh lord. And it was right before I went out town. We just went to New Orleans with me and Hollis. Yeah But I was in that motherfucker baby face. I was so happy around people I didn't know I got back home. They was like what the fuck. Straight molester. Yeah bro. Straight Chester face. I felt terrible. I knocked my mustache down. He had, he had his face shaved all the way before. Yep. When I went to the Dominican barbershop. I ain't understand though like y'all think I'll be playing.


I can't. If you got a accent it is like a thousand percent chance. I don't understand what you saying it is. For real bro. Like I am the most neish person you probably ever meet. Like you have to talk straight English to me. And I live in a house where they speak a little Spanish and like I said, I can't understand nobody and that's a fact. So what happened with your bus dad? I went to the shop and they said, I was like yo, just gimme a lineup. Really? I'm gonna get up outta here. He said clean up everything. I said pause, You know being funny and dude like ASAP Rocky started laughing. Oh yeah. And he was like my, he was like okay face and I was like shit yeah just line it up.


He said everything. I said yeah gimme a line up nigga. I don't know shit. He said, I said that ain't what you was supposed to do brother. I didn't say. He said you said everything. He said I'm Like clean me out. He was like, you said everything. I said man that's why I ain't come here. I don't understand what y'all talking about man. Sean said in the part talking lafa man my dog, I've never been back. I can't Bro stop. Listen first of all, you too old to me. Going to random chairs bro. When you go to a barbershop, barbershop had to get one on one here. I'm glad we here. This nigga is 40 going to a random chair in a Dominican barbershop bro. It was a, it was a head dude.


Oh it was Carlos? Yeah I told me he was to Carlos. Carlos would never bro. I swear to God he did. Carlos Kayla posted the pictures. Shout to my birthday. She did. Carlos did you like that bro? And Carlos get busy Bro. They told me he was the one. He is, he And Carlos English is all right too. He playing crazy that they was playing all they Dominican. He must have been in the vibe like it was the vibe. He was, he'd be in there dancing. Oh they Gonna have a hookah And I random, random chair you Carlos Bro. Nah, peace set it up. Peace at the pick. She set the pig. I like to bro. I swear to God he Carlos cuts like hair here bro. Like I'm Tape of God. I'm not saying, I'm just telling you what he did to me.


Pause like And for Carlos to start off a haircut with your mustache Straight off bro. Off off the dribble. Somebody play straight off bro. To the point I was just like, and he set me back and I already don't, You know me I got like nervous problems like when somebody like sits you back and they put the towel over you. I'm not one of them type of guys like you Got the High towel. No, no, no, no, no. Don't put nothing on my face body to see everything that's going on. Your ain't about Charles and wipe me. Ain't nobody going to sneak in get the punching on me so I need to see everything. Relax bro. No, no, no. I've been in a barbershop one time when somebody got the high towel treatment and buddy said must smell like courtes nigga high Cry.


Yeah I don't want no random towel my freedom on your facial. For Real. Nah bro. The high towel is essential bro. In World. Nah it is about get saved Bro. Room in treatment bro. I don't know. Y'all telling you right bro. I'm straight But you got no facial hair. That's my whole point. What? What y'all leaning me back for? Don't Why You finding a picture my boy? Wait, why was that accessible like that? Carlos? You out pocket man. Why you got this picture bro? Well What's, what we doing? Where you Buying this picture at bro? I nigga took the mustache y'all and I ain't go nowhere for like three days.


Try to let it grow back a little bit. So that's, she caught me on like day three, two or three. So. So now you still line yourself up to this Day? No, I go to my guy now like, but yeah I will though. Like I don't like getting haircuts. Oh yeah, they take too long bro. I ain't, ain't don't sitting in chairs and I hate talking. Yeah and I, I don't man I'd rather not have a haircut. Y'all wear Hats all the time Though. That's why I don't like haircuts. I'd rather let my hair grow all the way out and never get a haircut cut. That's insane bro. Because Bro it take too long bro. I Don't get line up 'cause you got a coach And y'all. Yeah. Swear to God. And y'all only like y'all going to New York and y'all like me about get it cut and all that.


Oh yeah. I'm Nothing out to my boy Slim. If y'all in New York tap in New York City, my boy slim the barber. I'm nothing bro. Like yeah I be feeling bad for that. I see that like the parents walking the barbershop and they got like multiple kids. I said ooh I know your pockets is mad 'cause haircuts ain't cheap no more. Nah bro. The barbers are the streamers now. Yeah and they, they run you about a 50 piece. Well no my people over at the Fuqua Institute shout out to Janae. They'll take care of you. You know, or a friendly fee. I'm rather gotta Pay her but You know I'm rather gonna try to go to what's Rachel, what's her barber name? Yeah. I'm rather about to go get a mo. Yeah, I was about to go get her cut by her. She told me first one free. The next one's 60. Ah.


Won't be going to you Shout the freaky rage man. You charge too much for me. Killer. I mean respect to your opinion. You do good work. But I mean 60, that's that's, That's Denver. What what I was gonna say you got a beard to lineup but you gonna probably pay about 55, 60. That's just what it is. That's where I go run. I give you my 60 but I'm only going once a month. That's all you probably really need. Like imagine going to the barbershop like y'all go every week. Yeah, I go every week. I go at least twice 60 every week. Crazy. How much your barber charge Mark? I, I don't wanna say I remember he came, when he came up to me and said I cut mouth here, I'm blessed he I thought you was going for the 25. I'm like I'm tap in with mouth Barber 60 Man.


You know when haircuts got more expensive than weed, that's when shit just got wicked. No I got beer and stuff. This Talk to him out this nigga. Hey this applies to 99% of the world. I mean 99% of the nation, not 98.9, I mean 99 just Like that paternity test you took.


Okay. And if you the 1% it don't apply to you but for the rest of y'all 99% man tap in Boost Mobile coverage nationwide you apply for. This is great. Tap in with Boost Mobile. If you switch over to Boost Mobile right now you can get a iPhone 15 with crazy camera work. That is a 48 Mega Pistols camera for $99 and 99 cents. That's right. $99 and 99 cents on a 5G network. It's nationwide and I'm 99% sure that Boost Mobile just gave us a crazy deal with this promo. Nah, this is crazy. You are the father. It does require a credit qualification ID verification and an activation on a $6 plan. Taxes are extra and 5G speeds may not be available in all areas.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're route and we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving like your occupation or education when you take the test drive using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for the towels.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Dove ice cream bars, chips to Hoy cookies, Arrowhead bottled water and Charmin bath tissue. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restric and supply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk. For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. See rates and fees


Get in the zone. AutoZone Jane has 150,000 miles on her truck and she's proud of that Jane's Secret AutoZone. Where friendly auto owners help her find the right parts. Jane's brother Josh only cares that his car starts and goes but when it doesn't he also goes to AutoZone. Where friendly auto owners help with free services. No hassles just help Everything you need. Nothing you don't Get in the zone. AutoZone Restrictions apply.


Hey man, well since I ain't got no beard it should be like 35. Huh. Well that's why I be telling people man you gotta also, y'all need to tap in with women who know how to do they own hair a lot of shit. 'cause that shit is costly bro. Just to groom yourself. Keep yourself up bro. That's a bill bro. You talking about for women? You talking nigga for y'all pay for y'all girls hair? No I definitely have before she her own cosmetic stuff. She do her own hair. That's a blessing. Yep. Yeah y'all need something nails. I don't, I ain't pay for that eyebrows lash something. Something's gonna hit you. Yeah, gotta lock. That's crazy. Like I'm teach my daughters how to hustle. I ain't never paid for that.


Like nah, that you might have and didn't notice it. You might have gave a motherfucker oh here go a couple hundred. I'm saying my past like Yeah in my previous, like before I'm talking about with P oh right now. Oh nah I've never, and I've seen her get her hair done before. Yeah she ain't get in the chair. Yeah, she but she, I don't think Pico like that though. She ain't in there every week. Oh hell nah. I know girls who get their hair done no bullshit bro. Every, every week, every other bro. That's crazy. P might go get a trim or something, feel me? But nah, I'm talking about girls that go get installments brother. That is tough. Every two weeks. That's crazy. Them three, $400 a walk.


God bless them kids. Who's, who's you gotta pay for the and impact for to sew in. Oh motherfuckers still get this hair sold in. Yes boy that's essential. That's still a thing. Sowings are you crazy? They nah and if you look anywhere on social media, I thought always thought he was wearing wigs now. Nah, nah that's what babe. Man what the stick on man? I thought that's what Dirk said. I don't know what Dirk said. Dirk said go get the wig five That bar wig. Wig does she want to get the wig from TA and that's probably a thousand wig. Right. I thought that's what everybody was just rocking the weed. I'll tell you it's sewing that in bro. Nah not like with the with the the meek mill under.


Yeah. Ah yeah that is still a thing. Nah, they be having a stocking cap on under that and and they just put on top of the the braid bro. There's definitely some light mics underneath that but I'm talking about remember sold in and then the girl had that thing in for like a month and it smelled like weed and everything. They go to the club. You dealing with a trap When you Yeah you can still shampoo your hair. Ah yeah someone is a real, a real thing bro. Like people who sell here, they make a killing bro. Sell a bundle Ain't people will still do. It's not funny but I be feeling bad for people that just like man, I like shorty but I can't, I can't maintain her upkeep. It's just like bro she can't either Back.


It's a, it's a lot though bro. That's why we know they still were they natural hair bro. You are lucky bro. I guess I'm out of the loop 'cause I thought wigs was like They still Wigs pop too. I'm saying I thought they could take 'em off and like yeah you can take the wig off. That's all. It stuck so Woo the wig on and it still be up in the back. They just blew it on. So a little cool in the front but in the back you can lift that motherfucker up. On my soul. That's what I thought they was doing. I ain't know they was still getting the braids. I'm the top still getting the braids and sitting down there. Yeah they I thought they was throwing the wig. Yeah they stuck us r Kelly braids underneath bro. It it is Wickeds still. That's crazy. Shout to Them. But that's what I mean you, I don't expect you to know but we deal with a natural motherfucker bro.


That's, that's a benefit a thousand percent bro. Yeah Upkeep for humans is not cheap at all man. Girls hands and feet they cost. That's you a couple hundred. I can get that Eyebrow 60 shit make up if your girl face is motherfucker look like a crunch bar. Shit. How Y'all feel about makeup One 20? I don't need it but go crazy. I hate a lot of makeup but I'm not a makeup, I'm not be makeup person but go crazy Bro. 'cause your pillows and shit just be all fucked up. Girls don't know how to wipe they face off. Right. Ah I ain't never and after two shots of that Julio, they gonna go to sleep without wiping their face off. And now I got Casper on my pillow, I'm tight.


Nigga Nic was drunk so one night nigga she had a a rag nigga, a warrior rag to her face. I said girl that's the dish rag. I I said I hit the and pans with that motherfucker. I know we had a time tonight but my lord she had the nigga doing her shit like this. I said He changed the oil with the, I was Finn to layer down nigga and start doing this with the tail on the, he said the warrior for real bro. Makeup is a tough task bro. And the funny shit about all this is that the service providers and the people who want the service done, they be beefing all the time bro. Yeah they be getting whole so bad On everything bro.


That's I be telling like when niggas deal with girls I'm like bro now she telling you how much shit costs. That's a, she going to expect you to keep up with that party. Do you, do you respect that? Like you think like a man should do that? Yeah if your woman, her makeup, lashes, nails all that shit done all the time and that's who she is. If she keep it up you should fill that void at least two weeks. If she could have done every week take two weeks, I'll say contribute for sure At least cut her half bro now. But some women gotta get a lot of shit done Now if she come in acting different then You know I saying conversation needs to be had like we talk all the time but you eating Alfredo on your ID story all of the week. Don't tell me we going a real quick Saturday because that's not how you what But if that's what you be on then like I respect it.


Oh yeah. So when you get her and she already was getting $500 hair, her hair done $500 You gotta step in you she send her two 50. Okay. Send her two 50. I mean I don't really recommend No, no, no, No, no. But she do 500 on her own when you step in. Oh you just saying you gotta contribute. You ain't gotta take Over. Yeah you ain't gotta, you ain't gotta take over bro. Like Yeah I'm not your daddy. Yeah, if I'm hanging Woody, y'all got half Okay. Half for sure. Half is respectful. Okay. Half, Half is respectful. I I Like that. I got half and some on their wifi. Yeah, don't, don't go too crazy though. Like, I don't know, it just depend on the level too that you're dealing with. Now if this is your girl, you met her, your girl bro, you probably, you might have to step in and take it.


Who? Who messed up the game Where that was the thing? Oh the game been the game. Oh Man, that That was never, I don't, I don't think the OGs in the nineties. I think we did. We messed it up. Yeah we had to. I don't Remember we the biggest tricks ever. I talked to my old heads just over at culture about back in the day like they like nigga y'all niggas are buying purses and shoes that cost a thousand dollars. They going on these trips. Y'all pulling up with cars with bows on the top bro. It's like damn cars really wasn't that expensive back then. You Right. You gotta think like even with school like with kids like bro motherfuckers getting Honda Accords, Cavaliers, Aeros Thunderbirds real shit bro.


These kids is driving like nice shit. So You know your woman gotta be damn near with a cool little whip so shit is more expensive. We fucked the game up. Social media fucked the game up. Yeah bro. Ma we just talked about it. Money bag nigga buying ra nigga a new Lambo, pink Lambo bro. Look, look what we battling against Bro. And it ain't even if that fact, 'cause You know people who gotta already spent it but now everybody can see it. No. Yeah like I deserve this. You live in a two bedroom with your cousin, I'm not putting all these flyers in here. You out of pocket. We gotta get you up out this situation before we try to do the extra shit. Yeah you wanna go to Tulum and you ain't got your back tooth fixed. I have a problem with that. I'm all, I'm all for you getting in a woman's life and helping her wear her shit.


But you taking over four throttle you don't have to, it's not a requirement. If you do, cool but I don't think women should put that pressure on a man to come in and take over their life Like that. And somebody who really fuck with you ain't gonna put that type of pressure on you. More importantly, if they rock with you and they see you contributing, you holding it down, people gonna be realistic bro. The internet is not a real place. Everybody's not living like that. Y'all know that people, they think the internet real well that's, that's a different game you playing then. See I hate the internet is real to a certain extent bro. I don't think everybody's living a fake life on the internet. They Are bro. A lot of people know about Everybody show the highlights bro. No true. Yes that's, that part is real but if somebody's really showing you the highlights and the highlights are a part of their real life bro, you gotta honor it. Respect. If a girl going out to eat with her friends all the time and buying four lemon drops, You know shit when you go out to eat with her she's like nigga I did this, I do this.


They girls hide the nigga that they be with. Sometimes I get it through the Vacation But if you get, yeah. You know what I mean. But if you get to know a girl and she really nigga drink three or four lemon drops in a steak, you nigga you can't take her somewhere and expect her to get an appetizer nigga. But But then when I drop you off I see, I see you like 'cause some girls But now your priorities is for you. No I'm just saying some girls just get money sent to them. Mm. Like they don't really be having true they shit together. Some niggas just be sending a thousand dollars, 1500 or a 2000. We seen it. Facts and then You know 'em and you like But see that's why you smart. So do the, if she getting that money sent to her, cool. If she going on a date and you spend that money on a date, don't pay.


Don't put nothing on no bill. Don't put her in a better apartment. Bitch drive pull up with that Cavalier. Yes you gonna go to Roof Creek but you about to drive that motherfucking car. This roof. Chris ain't lead to a motherfucking dude. You know what I mean? New Beamer. Yeah Nice. Nah I'm all, that's what I said like you right bro. When you see a motherfucker really not living they reps I am. If I'm fucking with you we going to go to this motherfucking section eight apartment, I'm going to thrash you just like this is a motherfucker man. But I'm not about to buy if you ain't on no bed and we cracking on this motherfucker air mattress, I'm not buying you no bed. Now if I, if I pop this motherfucker gonna get you another one. That's all I'm saying be be them where they at.


Right. Yeah. Facts. Facts. I think and I think it's our job to give people the game on that. 'cause I think niggas come in and they like a girl so much or niggas that ain't never had no fire women before they get some money. That's why the girls get outta pocket. Like the girls who really can't take care of themselves. They be like damn I done found the nigga that's Christmas. That nigga come in. He fucked it up for everybody else after him because you done took that girl off their air masters and put her up real nice. Now every nigga that come after you gotta keep up that well that's her mentality. Yeah. And across the board man you should not be working your hardest to take care of somebody else. Just reevaluate what you got going on. You see a lot of dudes stress 'cause they can't keep up with the times. Whether it be money, shoes, cart, bro, just take your time, get your shit together bro.


The people who really rock with you gonna rock with you bro. You can't stress yourself out working to take care of a woman bro. I feel That. It's hard to tell a motherfucker though that ain't never had no women before with some money what to do though. That is true. Niggas get goofy earlier and be mad later about that shit. But it be the niggas that just catch on late, the late bloomers to the women. That's what turn 'em into horses though now bro. They different IG models, that's all they looking for. Every IG model got a nigga who ain't never had no hoes with some money in they dms and they milking them guarantee and He's willing and ready guarantee ain't never seen her, ain't gonna never sniff it but he gonna send that direct deposit. So I don't know it's a women's playground out here but get right fellas get Right it's man, be careful for sure.


The volume


Traveling is one of life's greatest joys honestly. Can anything be more exhilarating? Well actually yeah. With Chase Sapphire Reserve, it's your gateway to the world's most captivating destinations. First, you'll earn three times points for travel and dining and the card gets you into the Sapphire Lounge by the club at select airports nationwide and access to one of a kind experiences. Whether you're booking a once in a lifetime trip or your next weekend escape. Discover more with Chase Sapphire Reserve at chase.com/sapphire. Reserve cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Subject to credit approval terms apply.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they fd up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it Pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Kraft Mac and cheese. Sell Cs energy drinks, Quaker chewy bars and sparkling ice flavored water. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restriction supply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


This is an iHeart podcast.