
Muhammad Ali George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of The world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. The Story behind The Rumble in The Jungle is like A Hollywood movie, But that is only half The story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Makeba, Al The biggest Slack artists on The Planet together in Africa. It was a big deal.


Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and The Soul of 74 on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you Get your podcast.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore The making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed The way We consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover Al things, sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on The Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you Get your podcasts.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from The, new Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast Off The Edge with me, cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have The, biggest N FL Stars. Join me to give a player's perspective of The biggest storylines trends, and did that really just happen moment from around The League. So tap in to off The Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for Al things, football and not football. Listen on The iHeart radio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcast.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Keurig. Well, The election is in The home stretch, right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question. I'm bringing in some Foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B and Charlemagne The. God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that What? Democracy is Al about. Check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you Get your podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore The making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. Every great player needs A foil. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed The way We consume women's sports. Listen to The making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. On The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


The Volume


The. N FL season is back and underway and The action is always hitting up on The Field at The Draftking Sports book. But The big bet this time around Touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at The Draftking Sports book, The Official sports betting partner of The N FL Al New customers. Now is your chance to Get in Al The football action. New customers bet. Just five bucks to Get $200 in bonus bets instantly. So scoring big with Draftking Sports Book The number one, place to bet touchdowns. Download The app today and use code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. Only th on DraftKings The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former N FL plus subscribers. Additional N NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


Al right We back. Another Episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm The host. My name is DJ Wells We. Got a legend, legend, legend. Legend in The building class of oh seven. Crazy ho It. Al lined up We here for a reason. We're gonna introduce him. Last though to my far left. We got my dog, Bishop, be here out The prayer least ho you What. Nasty. Cool And nasty. I'm back baby. Let's Get to It. Yeah, You, you got your one PTO day here. I appreciate The. Shout to B Swift legend holding It down for 42. Doug, my dog here but yeah, for sure. I'm glad you pull back up to work my boy. Nah, I'm back. I'm back. Let's Get to It Baby. Now Dro always, you know What, I'm saying I know you, you've been a lot of places, especially you know What, I'm saying from The Shy those shoes over here you see The Black Forces with The White es. When you, when you know What, I'm saying you at The crib and you see those, what's The first thing that come to your mind?


For sure you jacking, jacking something. Watch out bro. I don't steal. I healed you From hide your wallet. Hide your wallet. The White laces Me. I your wallet is crazy. No offense. So y'all calling me a scammer. I mean you said you showing It. Hey, you always talk about The, Nigerians, you might, It might be a lineage of The. Look faster Though, man. To my right, my dog Young Nacho young Teague ho you up man. Man, I'm chilling man. I'm geek. Y'all know ho. I feel about oh seven and We got my dog in The building. It's about to be a great night. I'm gonna let you Odoo The honors introduce me, but I'm like, listen, It is very rarely The. Everybody We had that one person on our list.


Unanimously We started this podcast like ho We wanted on this show. It was this man right here. Legend icon youngest, MVP one of The. Best to Odoo. It your favorite, Hooper's favorite Hooper. We got D Rose. Derrick Rose in The building. Appreciate you pulling up Big Odoo. Love bro. Love man love What. Y'all doing man. Have to pull up Midwest shit. You know What, I'm saying you know What It is, Hey listen, like I said bro, We Al be fan out over different Subway though when We found out that you rock with The show, bro, that meant a lot to us bro. For real, for real bro. Yeah man, I'm of course, me my son and my team r Randall and Maddie, they told me about It shout to The squad and of course right when The idea came up I had to pull up and It with It being so close to Chicago.


So yeah, The niggas got you a caterer bro. Now listen, niggas nigga DoorDash to beat up. Hey normally I usually hooter, I'll usually hooter somebody. So, but see, respect, nah, We was like, We got D right? Like Freak come my, hey I told you boy you might be a caterer after this boy you chef Paul. Shout to Chef Paul. Y'all win crazy for this Episode man. Nah, hey I gotta say something before We really start. But my dog Mike Al, Mike is our guy behind The scenes, but they know freaky Mike The podcast Family Freak. Forget they're my artist. He told me, I, I don't, I don't Get excited about too many guests, bro. I'm hype. I said What freaky Mike know The whole outfit today.


It took his boot off. He put The fresh shoes on. I said, oh I he got The dj. Oh no DJs in The Episode outfit. He you different. I respect that. Damn you need say that nigga Some roses The, fuck no man. Shout out to freaky Mike Hon. It down man. But listen man, We are honored that you are here man. Man, We just gotta start with It. Fuck my hat fell over. This is crazy man. I wanna say man, shout out to you and The team man. One of The best rollouts I have ever seen, man. Wow. For real, for real. Just The way that you went through everything in We was joking with Teig about this.


We was just like Dro such a legend. He The only person ho could send another ROEs and nobody think nothing else of It. Like ain't nobody having anybody else like, hey What, what's up with that? It was like, nah, that's Dro bro. It is a reason for that. I'm glad It came with a nose. It got lot motherfuckers in trouble. I was nervous as hell at The crib. So it's crazy because The week before I had bought my wife some roses and put 'em on there. Yeah. So they died or whatever. So she sent me a picture of 'em. I'm like damn she didn't buy her own roses. I'm fucking up. So I was like, I would've got 'em and she was like, fool read The. No. I was like, oh. So It was awesome. Yeah, It was love bro. Me and my team We decided to like just come up with something different, you know, like yeah We did that within like two weeks.


Randall and Maddy numerous to Randall and Maddie staying up late going over shit to The Day before stand up to three o'clock in The morning to send out The posts. Making sure you dot your i's cross your T's. Yeah. But this whole shit was about like just giving back or, or just flipping everything on its head. Where normally when you Odoo Odoo something like this It, you receive The flowers. But I didn't Get here by myself, you know What, I'm saying I got here with Randall, I've been knowing him since sixth grade. I've been knowing Maddie since for 10 plus years now. And my team, it's The, same thing. It's sixth grade and and that's something that We built, We built The Empire right now.


But just doing It The right way trying to Odoo It with class and just showing a lot of love and support to Al The fans. Nah, that man, that's hard. We definitely appreciate that. I know you, you know, for you, you can speak on this, you know What, I'm saying class of oh seven, you know What, I'm saying careers. When you knew at The time where you ho was that like that moment where you was like Al, right, you know What, I'm gonna, I'm gonna see What The other side might be for a second. See my, my retirement was a little different and It was kind of 'cause of injury, but I just knew It was my time was up. I wanted to ask you like, when did you know you were done playing? Like What made you feel like, yeah, I'm gonna hang It up because I feel like to me watching you annoying you, I'm like man, he could play forever. I just think you had that ability. I just wonder like What made you wanna hang It up bro, I've been thinking about It for a a while.


Bru, but, well I was just telling you in The room or telling y'all in The room about like, like gimme your Al to your kid. Like my younger kids, they don't mention The game at Al. They don't say We, they don't ask about are We going to The game. They don't say nothing bro. So with PJ I had to talk to him a little bit different. So before I even talked to everybody, We in The room, it's me and him just talking. And before then I, I'm thinking The whole time, like damn when I'm gonna have this conversation with him, right? So We talking and he bring up Kanye name and We was just in The room talking bell Melody. So I'm like, Al it's s time.


I'm like, come downstairs. He come downstairs. I'm like, bro, ho you think he got better? He was like, he working out with a trainer. I'm like, ho else in The gym? He's his dad. Like his dad huh? Like his his dad presence. I'm like, you think me alone got nothing to Odoo with that? He was like, yeah, but after I kept talking at first when I told him, of course devastated hurt. But after I kept talking to him, he was excited 'cause he seen like, man, now I Get this individual time with my dad and like my son, he know exactly where he's at right now. Like this moment he knows exactly where he is at.


So for me to tell him that and for him to be like sad at first, then be excited. And since that day it's been nothing but love. But I knew right, like sometimes since, since like last year, I'm going through It, you know you go through The rehabs, you The only one that's going through that shit, bruh. Mm. Like nobody else, your family members, nobody else's The staff, your wife, nobody going through It but you. So I'm like man, you have The question of like What, The, fuck am I doing like, you know, What, I'm saying like give th Al like Al It. It's cool, but I want to be able to elevate too. Show growth. Yeah. And that's one of The reasons why I came on here because I wanted to like tell my stories and to be, be able to articulate myself and show people The growth from when I first came to The league to now with me being a a grown ass man.


That's for real bro. Yeah. Facts and like you said like that that influence, especially at this age is so impressionable with kids growing up so fast and being exposed to so much and We was talking like in The room by, you know, What, I'm saying shout out to pop t like having y'all in The gym early on, having, like you said, It does make a difference. No facts. Facts, yeah, facts. But I wanted to make sure that We clarified that like you decided to retire. Not that anything else like situation with Memphis. If you wanna speak on It. Yeah, I mean with even with that I, I really didn't wanna speak on It but people thought that like they wad me. That's just a process of th trying to I guess Odoo business or yeah figure out The numbers on The back end in which that has nothing to Odoo with me but What I can control is What.


I did, I reached out to Zach Pryor, I reached out to my team, reached out to everyone prior and told th reached out to Adidas so that everybody's on The same accord and yeah just doing good business. That's something that I always did throughout my whole career. Even though I fucked up in The beginning by having some lessons I had to learn. Sure I got through that and I'm Al I always been optimistic bro. Sure. As long as I got my breath bro. I'm always gonna give my, I know I got a chance and I feel like that way about anybody around me. So like yeah give my Al and you know, just paying attention to where I'm at in this time.


For sure. Now listen man, We gonna talk about The crib. We gotta talk about The. First time y'all met, you know What? I'm saying Yeah, We know What. I'm saying We gotta talk about that. I be waiting for this scoring like he already quick, quick 30 man, I listen first time I met him right. This before I was even like getting 30 because I did kill him. Don't worry about that. No, that's okay. I'm gonna Get to that. I'm gonna Get to that. I'm gonna Get to that, I'm gonna Get to that. But I seen him in eighth grade going to eighth grade. He played for a team called Ferrari and It was a team called Houston Hoops We in a gas station. And they like you good but It, they just talking to us like he nice you nice five this dude nice but you ever seen Derrick Rose? I'm like ho that and your name, like your name sound fake like Derrick Rose.


Like you don't hear nobody's last name Rose. Like instead of Jalen Rose, I was like, he called like they call him D Rose. He called so We go to The game. Y'all happen to be playing The team from Memphis. It was this Memphis magic, magic boom. You remember that right? Wow. Yeah, Memphis Magic. That's that's crazy. I remember that. I Odoo and I'm like they threw The first play, they threw you alive and you went, you ain't dunking, you just finger rolled It in. And I said, oh shit. Nah, ain't nobody else doing that. And they had one dude, they might've beat y'all. They did? Yeah. I was say they might've beat you. I had one dude that was cooking, I can't remember his name. Oh he went to Georgia. Georgia Tech. Georgia Tech. I forgot his name.


Mo Miller? Yeah, Mo boom, there you go. Yes, he had a good game. He had a good game. But I'll never forget, I was like yeah that nigga different. Like this nigga killing. Yeah but that nigga moving faster, jumping higher than everybody. My dad was like, We gonna be reading about him. Yep. You know ho my dad Yep, We We, he gonna be reading about him. He ain't supposed to be on this team. He, I was like, man, he old, you know me, he older this younger than me. I'm like, What, The. Fuck. They like, yeah, yo, you, you a couple months older than him.


What The fuck Happy Belated too by The. Yeah for sure felt that way about Mike bro. And U S a We played S 16 or 17 USA Memphis. He my roommate, his, I he, I had to look at his id, his ID was on The table. Right. He left The room. I'm like, he's so good bro. Yeah I gotta see if you your your real age. I looked at his ID bro, he was younger like bro ho The fuck are you Mike ho, Mike B. I told he younger than us bro. Cold bro. I'm like ho The fuck is you this cold. That's ho We felt about you. Shout out to Mike man. Facts just keep your head up nigga. Yeah. Facts.


But nah, that's What. I first met, he played for Ferrari, not met him, but that's The first time I seen. Yeah. But my first time I I I played against you till We had tone sticking you and you had braids then. Yep. You had braids. Oh shit. Shit gone out 30 bro. And Tone our coach, he tone The guy that was sticking you, his dad was The coach and he would not Get toned off of him. So We like, bro, this whole game Jeff win th out bro hitting three step back tone, lateral movement fucked up. You can't see shit. Yeah shit got Al that bro by The End. Did We beat y'all? Yeah, y'all beat us. We ended up beating him but he had a great game and I'm like bro, I gotta watch dude bro.


But at our, in our class when you ran up against niggas like that you knew like It It challenged you In a way though bro. When like I was, when We was talking in The room about oj. Yes sir. When I seen him for The first time, bro, that he changed my whole perspective of The game and like made me feel like I wasn't working hard enough. Yeah. And my whole chase for The shit was like chasing him so The. Oh nigga you, you put that battery in my back for sure. Nah facts shout The Juice Juice For sure. Nah, that nigga was different. I'll never forget when y'all got to 'cause We went to a B C D that year or last year and you had got hurt but The match, you know, don't forget shit.


I don't forget shit. The matchup was y'all. But I, I'm from Indiana so I know I seen you. I'm like, oh, they don't know this nigga about to kill that nigga. Yeah. So I'm like rooting It is like, I don't know why I'm rooting for you, but I'm rooting for you like kill him and you Get hurt. So everybody like, oh, he hurt, he scared, he scared. Then I see y'all in Vegas. I'm like yeah that nigga ain't scared. Like y'all niggas tripping. And they was going at It bro. They was having a game. It was one of The best games. I seen him and Eric against OJ and Bill. That shit was crazy. We chased th bro We used to go to tournaments looking for him like, like really chased OJ my nigga. That's, that could be a whole chapter of my shit chasing him going to tournaments, staying The game.


But it's really, it's us too. But our coaches on bullshit too. Yeah. Nigga We hit but We, We on The, same shit. I'm quiet, of course I'm in The cut, but I'm on that too. Nigga like, like We, We wanted that matchup. Especially since We played th like in seven to eight, seven or eight. And he, he was on The whole nother level and I never forgot that. Like that's my baseline right there. Like damn, like I, I went back to Shai, I stayed in The gym my nigga. I I and and I, I think my junior year We was close to playing th but that Tariq and Al th was It was in some tournament and The shit end up like not happening and that Vegas one that We and We had ej.


I'm like oh come on. Like nigga I was playing, I had nobody else that was really like a a a D one player at that time on my team like that. So he had three or four guys but to like play against him in Vegas on that stage and to know that everybody like The alarms and shit was going on, that shit was nuts bro. This shit was crazy. Yeah. And We you said We talk about We was talking in The room about oh seven, ej, him and EJ like that's The craziest back quarter ever. You played th in a fight. That's crazy. Crazy. ho did you feel about him enjoying 10 with you? Like I love my niggas but yeah like We played, I played on The team full of winners bro.


Yeah, We won even though We was undersized and Al that We won a a lot of games. Yeah. So when We got him they like hell yeah like We got another dude that can go and EJ We. We needed that because I was scoring my brother in high school. I played more organized shit. I was playing a three like my freshman year. So I don't really have The ball in my hands 'cause my man right there ran, he had The. He was The Point. Yeah Red push you to The three. Yeah. Damn where you had juice my nigga, he had Dero that small foot hoop We had like a a system. So like even when I came in I played JV because The head coach was like nah, like We you going to listen, you going abide by The rules you, you ain't bigger than The system.


And I went to The school only because Randall knew went there. So I'm like Al right. Like but We won and I fucked around with The nigga so I'm like Al right. This like it's love We winning and We low key. We'll beat y'all varsity niggas anyway. Low key. If y'all put It when We used to practice and shit, that's ho We felt. So It was Al love but The system was The big man Get, majority of The shots and everybody else fine with The whatever they gotta Odoo like find your way throughout The game. Yeah. Until like my, my brother started coaching and he like, man I'm gonna put you at The point. That was like my sophomore junior year put me at The point. I started going back to school and they started to like let me play with The ball a little bit more.


So I'm like Al, right. I'm running up The court, they, I'm got Plan The system knowing I'm getting LOBs and Al that now I'm pushing The Point and everybody else following me. So It opened up my game. For real. Yeah. But at that school, It, It was strictly just, but I, I fucked with It though because Simeon groomed me into like Al Al of The The guys that went there groomed this into like really being young men learning like discipline learning that you just can't fuck off even though We were like knuckleheads and Al that shit. Yeah. But like knowing that man We have a We have a bond that's bigger than justice basketball shit. And that's something that We hold on to this day.


We have picnics to this day at our school and that's rare for like a public school to still be having picnics to going on and Al that shit. What made You choose 25 at Simeon Ben Wilson. I didn't choose It Al. This shit chose me bro. Did you? That's by everything that I've ever been in. I lived in The unknown my whole life. Al this shit just came to me. Yeah. I never wanted none of this. Yeah, no Fame, none of that. Like yeah even hooping my, my career or my basketball dream. I didn't know about salaries or none of that until like my, my sophomore year It clicked like that may sound crazy. Damn my nigga. Think about that. Your sophomore year you It clicked like damn I could change my family life with this Al The way until my sophomore year.


I had just a pure love for The game. I didn't look at nigga's salaries, I didn't look at N B a games like that. Randy Odoo We. Look I ain't look at nigga you outside. I'm hooping. I'm somewhere playing because I had a pure love sophomore year hit. I'm like damn I'm sitting The wrong. Like man, I'm arguing with my mom at The time and Al that you know God mom got that little shit in high school, you looking for independent like and I'm arguing with her then It click like man I could change this shit if I go to The league early. I'm looking at KD now. I'm like if KD leave I'm gone. Damn they they changed The rule. Yep, changed The. Rule rule. Yep. Changed The rule. So I'm like damn I gotta Odoo a year.


I had to Odoo The year but I was, I didn't pay attention to none of that shit until my sophomore year though.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman James Brown, BB King Miriam Maba, I shook Up The world. James Brown said say It loud and Akia said I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in The heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then The boxing event What was going on in The world at The time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on The Planet. My grandfather Laid on The ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble The story of a world in transformation The Sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call a person Black And ho We arrived at this peak moment. I Don't have to be What, you want me to be We Al came from The continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and The Soul of 74 on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast or wherever you Get your podcast.


Alright, here We go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off The Edge with me. Cam Jordan can't stop. It you know what's gonna happen. Can't stop It. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday. Al season long. That's What. You look for year 14 to and more no long and I'll have my friends ho happen to be some of The NFL's biggest stars. Join me on The pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of The biggest storylines trends and did that really just happen moments from around The League and you know, we'll have fun doing It Ha. Yeah. Oh and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix It up a little bit. ho is It none of than psych you have to tune in to find out. So tap in to off The Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast, your ultimate playbook for Al things football and not football. Listen on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well The election is in The home stretch and I'm exhausted. But turns out The End is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, this podcast is for people like me ho need a little perspective and insight. I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, van Jones, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll Odoo that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B, Roy Wood Jr. And Charlemagne The. God we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean isn't that What? Democracy is Al about power to The podcast for The people. So Whether, you're obsessed with The News or just trying to figure out what's going on. This season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me Katie Couric on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you Get your podcast.


I'm Carrie Champion and this Is season four of Naked Sports where We live at The intersection of sports and culture Up. First I explore The making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every Great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear th boys, I just I you to play basketball Rekindle day And that's What I focus on From college to The Pros Clark and Reese have changed The way We consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire. Why has It been so good for The game and can The fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to Get better 'cause The talent is getting better. This new season will cover Al things, sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on The Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast or wherever you Get your podcast. The Black Effect podcast network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where We live at The intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore The making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down against history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear th noise, I just come here to play basketball every single day. And that's What. I focus on From college to The Pros Clark and Reese have changed The way We consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's braggadocious. She is unapologetically black. I love her. What. Exactly. Ignited this fire. Why has It been so good for The game and can The fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained?


This game is only going to Get better 'cause The talent is getting better. Better listen to The making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on The app, Apple podcast or wherever you Get your podcast. Another rule that you help a lot of people Get paid with The Rose Rule. You pioneer my boy love. Like you said, you look at that and now I look at everybody else's benefiting from you. Love. Yeah, I mean that's, that's one that, that's The only thing that I care about bruh. Even The The Wave or The The vibration that I'm in right now. Like I call It Deasy of seven 20. Like Deasy stand for, don't forget about The zealous youth and zealous mean pursuit of a great cause or great energy.


So don't forget about The use and pursuit of a great cause. So like giving back and I felt like that was one of our ways of like giving back, you know? That's for sure. And like, like me and my team, not only my team but The fans because at that time I'm, I'm doing this shit but I'm not knowing why I'm creating. Yeah. You know What, I'm saying I'm, I'm not going out to clubs, I'm not going to dinners. I'm not doing your typical shit because I'm thinking that you like you have to be a machine. I ain't Enjoy none of that bro until like my fourth year. So that rule was not only for me, it's for everybody. My niggas, you know What, I'm saying like you say for The viewers, could you explain that rule for 'em so you know, you know What, I'm saying some of our, our lazy followers ho didn't pay attention to that rule.


You know What, I'm saying The rule is that you Get 30% of The cap meaning that you Get an extra 30 to 40 million if you hit The benchmarks that's in your rookie year contract. So Al Star team, any award going to The Al Star game, those benchmarks will give you 30% more than a cup. And yeah, at that time I didn't know What I was doing but I'm very grateful and very, very thankful that like The League allowed me to Odoo that facts for sure. Jason Tatum, Al th Boys I'm First Team Al. They they they thank you for sure Met Ball everybody.


Yes I see, I see Jason. Jason Tatum told me that straight up fuck with Dros forever. Right. You remember he you remember I told him I like bro he want a autograph. He wanted, he want to jerk bro. He was real like bro D rows The greatest bro. I was like not to jump too far here because he still gotta talk about The rest of his high school and stuff. But like when people would see him when We was on a team together bro I used to tell him like bro you have a cult following this shit is crazy. Like and he would come out and he's so humble and chill and I just joke Al Day I play too much stuff back. Yeah I play too much. So I'll be like yo, like y'all want my autograph and shit. They'd just be like ho The fuck Derek Derrick like ho The fuck this shit where I'm right here.


So The first time before We Get back to The Hoop and stuff but The first time I knew like Al I'm messing with a different type of like status. Remember I asked you to go out in Miami, We went out, you was It was We was in Minnesota. I begged you We in Miami. I begged you to go out. I'm like come on man you was on, you had you you know ho you step on The back of your shoes and shit so you was standing on The back of your shoes. You like man nah I can't go bro. I'm like nah man come on please, please man come on Man's gonna be cool. Ain't nobody going man. We go We gonna cover you up everything you like. Nah It ain't even that bro. I'm just telling you I don't really like going out. Finally you got tired and you like Al right, I'm gonna go We walk in there We walk in The Club, We walking in The beginning part and somebody said Derrick Dero.


I said shit I swear to God like 200 people came. I said oh shit I looked at Wig. I said it's some shit. Hold on. We'll Get this guy little nigga hold on We Get in The, Club and The. Dude was like damn We just gonna put y'all back here. They just started standing outside The section. He looked at me, he was like I'm gonna go We was in that motherfucker 10 minutes. I'm just gonna go. I was like my so imagine that bro. I ain't want none Like it's like my fault boy. It's weird even doing like doing this so like putting myself in like weird quagmire situations. You feel What? I'm saying Yeah normally I typically go wouldn't I wouldn't pod or nothing like that but I fuck with y'all shit.


And I know in order to grow you gotta put yourself in those uncomfortable situations. So like coming here or even talking like y'all don't know ho much this means to me you know What I'm saying like I love bro being able to come in and express this shit and express like just ho I feel about where I'm at at this time. So I appreciate y'all niggas. Nah hey bro like bro be honored to have you here but Right honored to have you here. I always use a time somebody playing The Pacers, It a little off The radar. What up and I be hitting niggas with The Ruby Rose and Jayla Rose. The Rose your bitch used whoever It for So that's The.


That's What you. So I got a Rose JT if you want my autograph I got you say you got ho so wrong. What of The illest. Man listen I like I said We got so much to talk about but I wanna bring back for y'all days as teammates man. Yeah obviously y'all playing Go It, Get each other growing up. ho was that first time I look up in Minnesota man Man ho was love bro. I mean let me, let me talk you. Nah Odoo you this show We talk Al The time. Al The time 'cause bro everybody that probably match up no bullshit, they just know that he a, he a good dude and his energy that he brings to The locker room is you can't compare It to nobody bro.


Yeah like he The The vibration he bring, he's always talking shit. Even though It may rub people different that didn't grow up that way. Yeah niggas that is, that grew up that way. You need that in The locker room. You need motherfuckers joking playing but when it's s time to go, he was always ready. And I knew you could hoop Odoo too though. So just having th around having Tibs fuck with him having The cat. He used to fuck with cats so much but Al these shit still Odoo was saying motherfuckers needed to hear. Yeah you were saying truthful shit you know What I'm saying and when motherfuckers was scared to say It I'm new to The team so I'm just trying to Get The vibe on The team.


You saying exactly What motherfuckers needed to hear and people respected that. So It was always love just having Jeff around. It surprised me too when like you start coming over to The crib. Yeah because you know niggas normally don't hang out with each other like it's like on some fake shit. So like having you start coming over then you came over The night that I don't believe in coincidences either. You came over The night that I had 50 and my brothers know was there, my brothers We was in The Kitchen. Nah drinking and shit. Nah. Yeah, I mean I don't know if y'all wanna talk about that right now man I feel like you still gotta Yeah I was in tears. Fuck you.


You doing this crazy Al that shit. Why, why you with me? Nah but I, I mean that's a little later of The story 'cause you still got so many years 'cause Yeah he pa he gave me a chance I played against him and I, I kind of, I'm gonna speak on The Minnesota moment but I wanna talk about The Bulls moment for sure. When We played him in The, The pa The playoffs. Yeah And he spared me. So before We Get to The 50, I'm gonna tell you when he coulda had 50 tonight another time. Oh you talking in The playoffs Mother's Day and him The first.


I never forget bro. We having The first quarter We going back and forth. It's a dual. Yeah and I'm like in my head I'm, I'm out here dueling with The. MVP, What The fuck am I doing but I'm talking shit it's The first game in Atlanta. So I'm like yeah motherfucker like fuck that's and he like, he ain't saying nothing. He just like, like looking at me like I'm guarding. He go by he dunk one time. I said oh shit crowd go ho. I'm like damn Atlanta y'all y'all fucking tripping me like What The fuck going back and forth second quarter, We had like 13, 14 second quarter I think I scored two points. He scored like another nine. I'm like damn go to The locker room. I'm like Jamal you can switch off on him. Jamal was like hell no you keep going, you doing good man you guarding th good.


I'm like motherfucker I Odoo The 30. They like don't worry about It, keep going playing good. Get to The third quarter. I'm looking like man I ain't scoring no more. This motherfucker still going. He starting to blow us out. He gets What. You had like 44 4? Yeah 44. Yeah so it's like What was like five, six minutes left in The fourth. That's a five mall said The same. I don't know What. I mean I'll let you, that nigga looked at, I never forget, I'm like I had like 21. I'm like looking at him, I'm still trying to guard him hard and you know ho a nigga kind of like relax, like not tell you relax but kind of like it's over bro. The nigga kind of like come Get me tips. I said oh fuck him. I look at The scoring bus said he ain't wanna Get Fin.


Oh fuck that was. I said Game four It up. No fuck that. I was so mad. I said he spared me. I was like I went to The locker room and Smooth was like man you know it's just one game Odoo. I was like nah man he damn near have 50. He was like nigga you think you can stop him play you like you only playing because a nigga got hurt like you did. Good nigga shut up. I'm like you right. Shout to J Smoke. That was a tough ass series. It was but you spared me. Why you spare me? I didn't spare you bruh. I you know at that time I wasn't even thinking about, I won't be thinking about scoring like I'd be really in The game bro. Like every, because my mindset was if I didn't scoring like We was gonna fall back.


So I wasn't even keeping up with The numbers like that when I was playing. I just knew I had to affect The game in a positive way. This is when I really was like, fuck you, you hit a floater. Right. I I, I contested this shit out this motherfucker. I was playing hard as hell. Y'all know I don't play defense. I'm playing hard as hell. I'm like he can't embarrass me. He hit a floater, threw It up and caught that bitch. He caught you? Yeah, I said hold on. He caught It out The net. He caught It out The net Luis Luis. I said yep, I saw ho he playing around now this shit funny to him. I'm a joke. He getting ready for Miami. Okay cool, cool. I was hot like I was 38 hot. My brother like bro you getting your chance.


It's Al good. You ain't playing bad. I'm like bro he embarrassing me bro. Like, like bro he embarrassed everybody The The MVP then I thought about It, I was like you right I'm good. I'm just trying to scoring fight this. Nah but I remember that that helped your career too though bro. Yeah compete against him bro. It helped me like just to even have some good moments against him at that time. Yeah that helped my career. But I took that to say that's What up. I seen you coulda got 50 then I seen you Get 50. That's crazy. So that's where I was going. I'm like damn I seen What, he coulda had 50. I was a part of that. And then to be a part of that moment to see you actually Get 50 and for you to say yeah I'm I'm going for It tonight.


I'll never forget I you said Teague, you playing tonight. I was like nah I ain't, I ain't fucking with It. He said oh bet I'm going for It. I said What you going for I started, I was like whatcha going for? He is like nah I'm going for It. I was like What he I'm getting It, I'm getting 50. That's crazy. I said damn I went to Josh. He said Derek said he getting 50 tonight taking sure I'm out there playing either. Huh? Jumbo wasn't playing. Yeah nobody's playing. And I was like damn he gonna Get 50 and you know Rudy go Bird th defensive player of The year Al that shit. I'm like ho he gonna have to kill these niggas. Yeah man, that first quarter mind you, I hurt my ankle. I'm jumping up and down Ryan, I'll never forget Ryan was like you could play like don't worry about that shit.


Worry about this shit. This gonna kill. Like, and he just started going crazy and The whole game like We just watching and I'm just like, this dude is amazing and It was like, you know me playing before you got hurt and stuff. I'm like this I, this is him like he always got this. Yeah. And to see him going crazy then you hear Rudy with The move, finish The Lay. Then It started getting emotional like nigga everybody on The team just like damn bro he worked so hard. I'm like yeah fuck that We about to win The game. Then he got emotional then I'm looking at The nigga. 'cause I know I'm like I fuck with this nigga every day. I'm like no this means some shit. Like I starve, fuck man I'm a nigga bro.


I don't come from The west side of that bro. I ain't about to be crying for no niggas scoring no points. Next thing motherfucker that hit me, I fuck broke my eye. Did The game go over? I'm like shit. I'm like it's about to be a partying locker room. Fuck this, I'm about to turn this motherfucker up. He Odoo The interview. I ain't even hear It but I remember he was emotional. I remember seeing It on tv. I around back there. I'm like gimme my phone. I remember I recorded that shit. He walked in, they throw The water on It. Then I send It to your girl like this gotta be a moment y'all never forget like no It was, that shit was hard. I was like why that game though ho why that game like What made you, you know What? I mean I don't know It was just, I just felt something bro. Right. When he told me he wasn't playing, I seen Jimmy wasn't playing.


I'm like Al. Right. That's What. It's just that opportunity and every, every nigga in The league that's not playing. Wish they could have that opportunity. Facts, you know What, I everybody bro. Yeah shit, you look at niggas that's not there in The league. You look at It right now. Yeah. Yeah. Just gimme that one chance I could go out there and I could at least shoot 15 to 20 field goals and see what's gonna happen. Yeah. Like and when I, once I Get rolling, you really gonna see what's going, what's what's going to happen. You know What I'm saying for sure. And I just felt like that moment was like just my moment especially going through everything that like I went through, went through The little shit. I was still going through like injuries and yeah like I said bro, I I'm just living in It bro.


Like The shit that be going on. I can't really explain because I'm in It but Al I could Odoo is like prep myself for The moments. Like I, when I was in basketball I was prepping myself for that moment. Now that I'm, I'm switching over to this like my shit gonna be like y'all shit one day six, seven cameras and you know. Oh yeah, about you gonna Odoo a pod? Nah, not a pod. I'm, I'm, I'm trying to Get into directing bro. Oh yeah that shit gonna be better huh? Odoo but directing telling like real stories shit that's in book but I mean y'all are like everything that y'all saw though, The commercial or whatever that video, that's me Maddie and that's Randall Al of us came together, got that shit together along with Carlisle and Mark along with The other guys that was a part of The team like but We created that, that moment for sure.


You know prepping ourselves for something huge. Oh for sure. You know We there to support Shy to The team as well. Can I say one thing before We Get back to The go crazy nigga because this is my nigga. I'm just hype. I ain't gonna lie but I'll never forget this is when I was like, this nigga different, like y'all know me, I'm, they know me, I'm What th say nah this is Al good. It's good. They know I'm wild. Yeah. Like y'all know me, I I I became a man in Atlanta so my perspective's a little different. Like shit I was going out, my team was going out everything. So when I came to Indiana did I Get to Minnesota, my mind still like man, alright, We had a good practice, We had some game We hoop but like where We going?


You know What, I mean so I remember one night John Lucas called me, I'm like, I'm thinking Luke called me like yo where We at? He called me like man you should come in The gym. I'm like nigga no practice. Fuck you talking about? I ain't gonna The gym man. I was like bro I ain't here for Al that he like man you tripping, tripping bro come in here. I come in there and he like, he he like text me like The Rose in here and I come in, I remember It was your whole fam, you had your daughter in The stroller, your girl was sitting on there on stroller and you was shooting and you had shot damn near 500 shots. And I remember 'cause you had end up hurting your elbow. My elbow. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm like ho many shots this nigga shoot D Jay.


Luke like he going be ready. That's a fact. He going be ready And I'm like, and We about to play in The playoffs, he about to play in Houston. That's when you first came to The team. He like, he gonna be ready don't trip, he gonna be ready. I'm like well shit, he shooting fire in The shot. Motherfucker gonna shoot 50 from The three. Goddamn. Damn. I said getting th up. So I'm laughing this shit I'm colder, I'm joking and shit and We Get in The playoffs and I'm like I'm going to Tib like man this nigga gotta play like he was having We Get in The game. He killing. I'm like no, no he gotta come on man. He gotta Get in The game earlier. Tibs like I know fuck like he ho Odoo We take out. I'm like I don't give a fuck. Take him, take th out. He like ho Odoo. I tell him, I'm like nigga Tib is you.


He's like everybody you know. Then that nigga just starts saying fuck It, come on. I swear Derrick come on somebody. Yeah I watch this nigga build himself. Damn bro he was, that's fire then next year What you shot 40 from three like 40. But you assisted with that too though right? When I got to The team you probably remember you, hey that's you for that bread. Oh shit. Yeah you, I you have some money though. You ain't understand It though when you like I The league ain't nothing but specialists. Right. Facts. So when you are aren't labeled a shooter like that, that shit can last for like a long time until you beat that shit up. You gotta, you gotta beat that you know What I'm saying allegations come on man.


So for motherfuckers that know ho to shoot niggas from Indiana, they know ho to shoot when they one years old motherfucker teach th they form, they in they crib like elbow Al that Al y'all shot's The same nigga. I have not one person growing up to tell me my shot like ho to fix my mechanics. So show me mechanics for my jump shot. I figured this shit out solely by myself. No basketball camps couldn't afford It, none of that nigga It is solely me being in The Park by myself testing out shit and like Al that stick or I'm, you know ho It is. Yeah, yeah. Out there experimenting and that shit stuck. But so to like go to a team and to be cool with a motherfucker to have be in a shooting game with 'em and don't take It personal if they beat you.


I'm that crazy because I want to take It like you know What I'm saying but It, It It takes to go one-on-one or to challenge a motherfucker when and to push yourself in practice when you ain't know nothing about It I'm shooting with you. You don't know damn feeling this way at Al. Yeah. Yeah I Odoo you Get What I'm saying Yeah. Yeah he's fucking around shooting, playing talking to people. I'm trying to make every motherfucker show I I'm gonna teach kid I to show your ass I'm at 40 this shit nigga I'm about stop shooting because I was like this nigga's starting to beat me man. What The fuck ho you quitting. I thought ain't quit but yeah I'm just like he ain't take, he was taking It light 'cause he playing, he always playing in he see when Al Al.


Right But if Tib ain't on that, he ain't on that. He planned that story of my life man. I swear to God bro. So like to, to actually challenge a motherfucker that's a shooter. I took pride in that. Yeah. Even though you ain't know about this but nah I seen It then when The next year I never forget I started like We started starting together at The beginning of The year and I'm like I'm going on fast break. I'm darting The ball to him in The corner and he firing and I'm like this nigga really a shooter like he running The Lane mind you like nigga he The MVP he great with The Ball like I should be running The Lane nigga he like Get, It, Get, It Get It take off run to The corner and firing threes and I'm laughing, I'm like this nigga a shooter like What, this nigga spotting up 40, he shooting 40 from The three And I'll never forget I was like nigga you shooting 40.


He was like, you know he a student of The game. He like nigga you gotta be able shoot The three man. Yeah they paying niggas to shoot The three. Yeah. And I remember shit was sweet. He was like I remember everything bro. He was like I'm a, I'm a shoe 40 and he was like I'm going to Get that bag bro then I'm done. Yes sir. And I was like nah you gonna leave. Like I'm in my head like he about to leave Minnesota because ain't no way he starting over me at The time. Nah niggas was telling me The crowd Get him damn 44 It got so bad my nigga I started telling nigga like Odoo you wanna start because this shit is easier nigga ho you wanna come off The bench bro.


Nigga to go home Odoo wrong nigga What but I give him credit nigga I'll never forget. He told me like and then We gotta Get back to where It started. But then he told me, he was like T you gotta find your niche 'cause nigga you know We ain't gonna be starters The whole time like coming off The bench. They gonna pay, they need somebody to kill off The bench, they gonna find they new role. Yeah. And I never, he did not wanna start. No I remember I went to Ts, I said Ts I am sick of hearing these motherfuckers. You start him and he was like, ho, I'm gonna start him over. I'm like, nigga me. He was like, you're getting paid. I'm, I don't give a fuck. I I think I'll play better off The bench. He was like, no, no. And I was like, well start 'em together.


And he was like, I could Odoo that ho We take out and We start trying to figure It out, whatever. But I just remember when you said that. So when you left I went to Ryan. I said I wanna come off The bench. 'cause I was like, I'm about to Odoo. Exactly. What he did. I was like I'm gonna come off The bench. Yeah because you told me like Bro We ain't gonna be starters for The rest of our career bro. You gotta figure It out and We about to build these new roles. So I was like, I'm about to take his role and I started doing everything he did. I started stretching. I ain't Odoo none of that shit. Bone roller ball and shit. I'm like that nigga, he figured It out. Fuck that I'm doing. That shit didn't quite work out but I seen yeah It was too late by then nigga. Yeah my body was broke Down man. I was a Monte Carlo.


What. What. So I had your knee and that was It ankle. Yeah. Well I had ankle bad ankles. I had surgery on my ankle. Yeah. But then I had my patella was gone. I ain't got, I'm bone on bone now. It's over with. It's over with. And Delta a DA ain't work for quarter Odoo. I a nigga. Delta. Hold on. It was gone last year. It was, It was gone my last year In Minnesota. Yeah. So I was bone on bone but I was just playing. And then The last piece of piece of my patella tour in when I was in Milwaukee. Oh yeah. Oh my god. It was over with. Nah that bone on Bone, that's something different. Yeah, It was over with. Yeah, It was over with. Once you go there for sure. ho Nigga that's doing that is We.


Huh? West? Yeah. I don't know. ho you doing that? ho you doing that bro? Yeah, he, he different bro. Shout out to him. Shout out to him. Man. Listen, you have so many crazy accomplishments man. We gotta speak on some man. Obviously We gotta start with one of The crazy ones. MVP youngest MVP ever having won of The. Craziest seasons in The. N B a in The conference where LeBron James was like, ho was that season for you? Because obviously you know What. I'm saying you came in The league going crazy ho crazy. Was that particular season for you Bro? It was a blur. It was a blur. I remember at that time my whole mindset was like keep It moving. So you know, in hindsight you always wish that you would cherish some of The days a little bit more like, like me looking in The past and shit.


But What, I was telling y'all at that time I didn't enjoy anything bro. I didn't go out to eat with my family or friends like that. No movies like that. None of that bro. No concerts because I was totally locked in to thinking that I had to follow What like Kobe was doing like thinking Coba not enjoying itself, not going to ate, not doing any of that. So I felt tricked like in a way whenever I, at The time I, I felt that way. Like my fourth year I ended up going to The Philippines with him. I saw him like relaxed. I'm like, oh you motherfucker was tricking me this whole time. I dedicated three years.


Three years of thinking you didn't Odoo shit bro. And to see you actually out here just chilling like It It kind of fucked me up. But like I couldn't take It personally 'cause he didn't even know. I was like admiring th like that. So that year It was just fun man. Something that you can't explain like my being that shy at The career going number one and being The point guard of The team. Like you got The Rock in your hand and you got your guys, I got my guys that I've been around since sixth grade on The baseline. Yeah. Talking, scoring. You know What I'm saying. So talking The whole time time like that's something that yeah, We but We did It right though meant fact.


We made sure that The ups and downs that We had in Chicago, no matter What, It was We could go back there and and still like Odoo business or whatever It is with him. So that It was a blast though bro. For sure man. Bose of y'all could speak to his being, you know What. I'm saying point guard The man in your city playing with your hometown, like what's that feeling like? Like We talk about but what's that feeling growing up in Chicago? Like Al Right. I saw MJ kid Us now they look at me like that it's pressure. That's why It, it's a lot of pressure. I can imagine and a lot I gotta talk for Chicago because a lot of people when they talk about Chicago they always mention like The bad shit. So I gotta mix It up.


MJ wouldn't be MJ if he wasn't, if he played anywhere else but Chicago. Mm. For his pro career he would've been a great player anywhere else but in Chicago he became The black cat. He became MJ in Chicago. Mm. Just off The strength of The culture that's in Chicago and it's coaches everywhere. Like What, The basketball culture is just strong And that The expectation of like Al What, you going to Odoo, We seen you We seen niggas like you back in The sixties, Al you supposed to bend like elevated The game of doing something different like What.


What's next? MJ won th three. I guarantee you he had people in this corner like there's no way they gonna let you win. You just went on vacate Nigga, you ain't finna let you come back and win three more. Yeah, no for sure. I bet you can't. Yeah that's What niggas in shot telling th yeah bet you can't. They talk to The wrong one about that. Yeah I bet you he What I one. I bet you can't win another Onet. You tell guys like, look I'm geeking th up nigga. Yeah I win another one. Oh that's Chicago shit. Hell yeah. That's ho did that. Yeah Gig th up just off The strength. But that's What. I meant by The culture though. Like hell yeah. Being there that's What I felt even though people, my guys never came up to me and was like man you gotta kill this motherfucker this game.


I felt It though. They ain't have to say nothing. They'll say little shit they, I'll be in The kitchen or something man. What you call, I heard What you call throwing The party tonight. Not saying It to me, but they just talking but making sure that I hear like What he going motherfucker going out before they play me. I was that nigga. I going out nigga. Well I I'm listening though. Even though they ain't bringing It to me, they, they stating It so that I could, I just could hear It. I'm like Al. Right. Oh so is this nigga fought? I swear killed The reason put 40 on me. I but everybody always speaking on like you being The hardest person that they had to go like ho was your person like that.


You was like damn, what's crazy I'm chilling but I, I gotta sleep for him. I had a problem down damn there with everybody bruh. Especially in T'S system, defensive system where like at that time We icing everything he, if one person go over The top in basketball terms, he he beat you and over The top of The pick and roll And like he now you're chasing th like behind th and shit if that happened he only like It was just hard. But I'm a pure point so I hate point guards that feel like they about to control The whole game. So scoring if you scoring I don't care about scoring like that even though like The N B a forced me into scoring.


I never was The leading scorer on any of my elementary time. Probably was The leading scorer but high school somebody else was college C DI was so I never was The leading scorer C. I just found my spots and I found The way to like make It look good but I'm a pure point at heart. Yeah. So I hate point guards that don't care about scoring like a Ron though. Like this nigga like that could fall into just The system of just playing The right way. Yeah. Like no nigga you no I'm gonna least try to Get in your head people don't. Yeah, scoring ain't really that much to me because I winning The game is more than me.


Okay. Like I heard one of my OGs, Kurt Henrich say like after somebody gave him like 40 or 50, he's saying this shit out like out loud. But I'm just hearing th We walking in The hallway We won and he was like ha that motherfucker just scored 50 points for no reason. Yeah that shit hit home. Yeah where It was like that's why after I scored that 50 I was so happy that I, I won. Nigga like damn you gotta win bro. Like 50 or six whatever It is. If you ain't getting that dub at The end you raced up. Facts. That wasn't Jet in high school. I mean in college. Oh in college? Nah that I was, I was different.


I was trying to Get somewhere. I was trying to Get special, I was trying to Get somewhere bro. That story cool Dro for that motherfucking Jenny at White four by in The league though. He adjusted. We come in for that for sure. But everybody like that in The High School, college you Get into It. That's ho you got to The league. Yeah that's What. These young kids, they don't be looking at these players or like talking shit shit. They be thinking like oh you a bummed because you on The bench you bro did you see this player when he was in high school or college? Yeah that's ho he got seen bro you know What I'm saying nah fuck for sure. Hey man you brought one of my favorite college players of Al time. My boy C DR Y'all was going crazy. Shout C. See y man. Yeah no that's a fact.


C DR well We got, I gotta tell this story, story C DR so he tried to hold me right So it's me, him and Tony in The gym. We in We there for summer, summer school. We shoot have course shots for a hundred a hundred dollars a shot though at The time. We, Bose lodging, We don't got It like that. So every shot real, you know that's Odoo you imagine hundred What a shot in college. So he hit a shot and I shot right behind him and he said that my foot was on The line and he tried to stand on me like yeah you know his voice. Yeah man you know nigga. Yeah. And I'm like I I ain't back off.


I'm like nah nigga nah you got nah my foot wasn The line. No matter of fact he shot The shot and his foot was on The line and I made him shoot over. Yeah. And he was surprised that I said something and he, he fucked with me for saying something like damn you ain't let me hold you. And I'm like nah nigga I ain't going for that and check I gotta tell another story. So this when I really knew that I made The right decision so some once again summer school We there, joy Dorsey end up going to a gangsta boot concert video shoot hold on Hep to The legend man to The legend man What The fuck he missed The Run.


Right. So I'm clearly he missed The whole run. I'm thinking nothing of It. I Get to The house. Joy come to The crib, he thinking everything cool C DI ain't talking to him at Al. He started cursing Joy out so bad bro. Like man you let The motherfucking team down that's some hoe ass. He talking to him crazy and you know Joy Big. I'm thinking that they about to fight 'cause I it's my first, I don't know 'em like that. I just got here Joy respected It started crying bro. Oh that's, I said ah I made The right choice. These niggas care about winning bro. Like you mad at nigga for this some summer shit.


You know What I'm saying but and It was some shit that We were running not ho We We set that shit up or he set It up and The nigga didn't show up. And once I seen that I'm like this gonna be a good ass year. Yeah, yeah. Older niggas that's on The same page. I'm like Al Right. Nah had a hell of a run bro. You had a hell of a year bro. Odoo, you remember anything from that game, that championship game shot. Shout to my dog don't worry that was a tough shot. The only thing I yeah The fireworks bro. After you leave The court The shit be burning you bruh. Why as you walking off I wanted to fight somebody. That's The. Only thing I really remember as you walking over damn as a loser The fireworks you see on tv that shit come down.


A lot of people be getting burnt in that shit. Oh I didn't know that. Yeah The shit was burning me. That shit was making me so mad as I walked off The court knowing that I blew The game. That was The only thing that I remember for real. 'cause after that It was straight lead. Yeah yeah.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman James Brown, BB King Miriam Maba, I Shook up The World. James Brown said say It loud and The kids said I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in The. Heart of Zaire Africa. Three days of music and then The boxing event What was going on in The world at The time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on The Planet. My grandfather Laid on The ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself Out. Welcome to Rumble The story of a world in transformation The Sixties and prior to that you couldn't call a person Black And ho We arrived at this peak moment. I Don't have to be What, you want me to be We Al came from The continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and The Soul of 74 on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts or wherever you Get your podcast


Al right here. We go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off The Edge with me. Cam Jordan can't stop It you know what's gonna happen. Can't stop It. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday. Al season long. That's What you look for you're 14 to Odoo more? No. Okay more. And I'll have my friends ho happen to be some of The NFL's biggest stars. Join me on The pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of The biggest storylines trends and did that really just happen moments from around The League and you know we'll have fun doing It. Ha Yeah I am. Oh and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix It up a little bit. ho is It none of other than psych you have to tune in to find out. So tap in to off The Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast, your ultimate playbook for Al things football and not football. Listen on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well The election is in The home stretch and I'm exhausted. But turns out The End is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, this podcast is for people like me ho need a little perspective and insight. I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, van Jones, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll Odoo that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B, Roy Wood Jr. And Charlemagne The. God we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean isn't that What? Democracy is Al about power to The podcast for The people. So Whether, you're obsessed with The News or just trying to figure out what's going on. This season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where We live at The intersection of sports and culture Up. First I explore The making of rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear th boys, I just come here to play basketball every rekindle day And that's What I focus on From college to The Pros Clark and Reese have changed The way We consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire. Why has It been so good for The game And can The fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is Only going to Get better 'cause The talent is getting Better. This new season will cover Al things, sports and culture. Listen to naked sports on The Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast or wherever you Get your podcast. The Black Effect podcast network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where We live at The intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore The making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every Great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear th noise, I just come here to play basketball every single day. And that's What I focus on From college to The Pros Clark and Reese have changed The way We consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's braggadocious, she's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly. Ignited this fire. Why has It been so good for The game and can The fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game Is only going to Get better 'cause The talent is getting Better. Listen to The making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast or wherever you Get your podcast.


What It was like when you was like, you know I, I seen a video, a documentary you on, you know Chicago getting The first pick or Miami or whatever What was It like that feeling when you seen Chicago got that first pick like damn so yeah We was in LA at The time and right when I seen that they were like one of The last ones I kind of knew then and like What It was thought It was even though people didn't in The room didn't say It. I'm like damn Chicago a 7% chance. I'm like We gonna end up winning that shit. Yeah. And yeah that's going back to The crib like yeah everybody got The that one time at least one time. Yeah like don't you know ho everybody be saying you should play in New York at least one time as a, as a Hoover just to feel The atmosphere.


I feel The same way about people playing at home. If you could, you might as well like at least Get The experience. You know What I'm saying I sorry I leaned on you. You don't even know but I left Indiana to come to Minnesota. Right. So when you came on The team I'm like damn. 'cause I hate no shade to Minnesota. I love Minnesota cool but I hated leaving The crib. Yeah. You know What, I mean like damn It was everything I wanted. Like I'm at The crib, my homeboys, everybody be at The game after I lead The game, I Get throw evil with my family. Al that, so when I came, when you came to Minnesota, It was like ah it's somebody I'm about to lean on. 'cause he experienced What, I experienced like yeah he had to lead a crib before.


So like that's why I started like you probably don't know I started gravitating toward you like hey bro you wanna shoot, you wanna Odoo that shit You Odoo and you like, 'cause I just want to Get like damn ho did that nigga Get like through leaving Chicago like you was every like I was nowhere near What. You was to Indiana but you are to Chicago. Like I was good but I played one year. You was there MVP high expectations showed It Al. I'm like man ho he Get through leaving The crib. So I just wanted to like, I'm like man ho he work What is mental like and then I start seeing you read books and shit and it's everything that I never even thought like I'm thinking you like, like not like me but I knew you was like damn you from The Midwest he probably joking clown and clowning and you joking clown.


Yeah, yeah you were super like dedicated to shit And I was just like Al right. Let me not fuck up his dedication because because I'm The type of fucking that fucked this shit up. I start, Hey bro you trying to Get some bullshit. And he was just like, and he kind of like made me start like appreciating The Craft again. 'cause I was kind of like damn I got paid, I'm cool, my family's straight. Yeah but then I seen you. I'm like, and he's super cool. Like he got paid. Yeah he don't even gotta be doing this really. But he appreciating The Craft and It made me like start like hold on let me stop playing. Let me like remember why I love hooping. Yeah. Was that and you brought that to me bro going into The league though. Nah nigga.


I was like everybody else, this shit It. It takes time bro. Yeah It takes growth bro to Get. I went through What, I went through, I tried leaving two times like so you Get to a point where like I could keep doing The same shit or I could change. So after I went, went through my, my case, I made a vow that for seven years that I was just going like try to change my image. You know What I'm saying by just, just being me, just staying outta sight outta my and It went from seven to now I'm on year like 11 of me just like finding joy bro.


Yeah. You know What, I mean like basketball got me that. But even coming here, I'm always looking for something for inspiration. So like coming here, seeing What, y'all got going on watching from afar like huge fan of of Jeff of course. And seeing ho he's adapting to like this new world and new business venture that he's in. Yeah. So The questions that I ask y'all in there, that's why I ask We talk about you know What I'm saying because but that's where y'all heading, you know What, I mean so We appreciate you Congrat as well. Love, love was It a vet that when you got to The league that kind of embraced you Every, almost every vet bro. That's awesome. Almost every vet, every teammate I had, I I appreciate It.


That's ho I looked at this every one of 'em because when It comes to like The basketball shit when I was in It I'm like even though I didn't want The Fame, I still wanted people to like appreciate like The work that I put in or like, like The way that I played. So when I used to be on teams when niggas and they tell me they from booze from Alaska, I'm thinking about market. Market. Yeah Market. That's a market. Okay. Yeah. Like damn I never knew, you know What, I mean you from overseas. Damn they watching you too. That mean they watching me. I bet like you know What, I'm saying I got you. So I long always showed love to everybody and I had gray vets too. Gray vets right?


Yeah. Like show me about health like luau was The first one I seen eat like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich at half time. And now that's a custom in The league. That's The before you go on The Buzz. I mean like brunch Al. That shit is a It is a is just there now. But before It was there you had like OGs that really you saw stretching before every game like a Nazi Muhammad like Jo Keem ho he took care of his body. Like a lot of guys were really pros bro. Yeah. Played at least 16, 17 years. Hell yeah. Didn't Get in The game at Al. But they Get ready, they'll Get activated like they're about to play 30 minutes and to just chill.


So I seen that and I'm like man, whenever I Odoo Get in that position, I'm gonna try to handle that The same way but only ho you Get there is you gotta kill your ego. And that's not like a one time thing. Yeah that's like a continuous fucking everyday thing. You know What I'm saying? Yeah. Where motherfuckers think it's just one time. Nah, that's just The first challenge. This shit's just gonna keep popping up. Especially if you call your man you, you feel like you, you accomplish something. Right. You know What, I mean It is a thin balance. It's a balance. You gotta balance The shit out. So being aware of that, being mindful of It, like that's when he met me. That's What The stage that I was in when I seen you.


Like I ain't gonna lie, everybody know me. I be like I don't want no kids. Yeah. But when I see you with your son like being in Minnesota and like seeing him shoot The bat I, this is just random shit I remember 'cause I used to be watching like that's hard. Y'all try to shoot The ball into The Rack to The Rack. Yeah. And I'm like, y'all niggas know y'all not about to hit that Right S Yeah. And I'm like, I'm looking like they ain't gonna hit that and y'all would continuously Odoo It. And I remember one time he hit It. Yes sir. And I was like, that motherfucker hit that shit. Like I'm surprised too. Yeah. I was surprised. I'm not bet. But that's my version of The crate for him. Yeah.


Put The crate up on th on bro. We going, We going to make a basketball rim outta anything on this motherfucker. That real, that just being creative and I want you to be able to be on this court this stage and feel comfortable around 20 to 10 pe 10,000 people looking at you. Just be yourself. Yeah because a lot of kids, I see like a lot of kids that Get on that stage freeze up scared in The motherfucker. Yeah. I'm like nah, I don't want my kids going through through that. Yeah. I'm putting th in positions to make 'em uncomfortable. Like I'm putting my myself in positions but for th I wish I had a dad or yeah I I something that I wish I had. So I gotta present The opportunity for th nah I was watching that shit. That's man he over there tossing that ball.


I'm so It was like three days in a row. I'm like yeah he ain't going. I ain't going that. That thing ain't gonna happen. That shit I'm over there like that. PJ I see you black like It that's just It is dope to see What. Nah that's Hard a lot of these days. I'm glad you ain't trying to but a lot of these niggas trying to live through they kids on The Hoop world especially a lot of these a U dads. So I was gonna ask you like ho Odoo you balance that dad life and you know making sure he stay on The straight narrow on The hoop store, you know, pushing yourself to his max ability. I mean I push him but at The same time it's more like discipline with him right now. But I it's about knowing your worth too because he's in The stage and a lot, a lot of Lil Hoopers need to hear this like knowing your worth.


Like if a, a company come to you for N IL deal or something like that and like you don't know your worth, you'll take any deal. But you gotta look at like What Odoo you see your, your brand or What you see yourself associated with like he had a deal to come to him in which I thought that he shouldn't have took but I can't say that to him. I asked him about It. Hey you think it's right So ho Odoo you see yourself asso associated with this brand, that brand. He start thinking about It like I gotta make you think I gotta provoke a thought. You know What I'm saying Right. Like just to see where your head at, where you thinking at least put It on your mind that if you see yourself being MVP type caliber, whoever you associate yourself with gotta be on that same level too.


Mm. So like The The hooping side, I let him just play bro. I'm not on him. I make him Odoo his pushups and sit up and shit like that. But yeah it's really just school and making sure that his mental right. Like a lot of kid he quiet so a lot of kids be like going through shit by themselves and I'm with my kids. I want to be able to make sure that I'm there or not only not my kids but my, my family. You know What I'm saying. Yeah, for sure. It's interesting to hear you say, you know What. I'm saying well t he coach ho alma mater, you know What I'm saying Yeah kids that now, like you said, It is a different situation now. Growing up in high school, being good or having some type of impression, they getting deals. It's like Al. Right. That might be cool now, but you don't know What you getting yourself into ain't nobody getting deals at high school.


Not Indiana. I ho you say ho The speech. He 11. Oh shit, he 11 bro. But like, it's like coaching kids like you. Right. It's a lot of The mental stuff like What they go through outside of basketball. You just wanna make sure that they in a comfortable spot. They in a good place. But like you doing that with your kids and that's dope. I wanted to know like when you watch him play, 'cause I seen him hit a game, A game winner. Yeah. You know The U2, I'm like damn, like I remember him like you said, I remember him shooting on th on The little rack or whatever. So to see him hitting game winners, Odoo, you see his skill belt, like his skill level going up and you like shit man, I'm starting to see It Odoo you It is now. And like I said, that's why I'm taking this step that I'm taking now bro.


Like I have to be there. Yeah. That's for my mans bro. Dope. It's real like it's Al about The discipline bro. Like, I don't know ho many times like as a, as a, I'm talking as a dad not a father because it's a difference. Like my kids call me dad. I love when they call me dad, not father. Yeah. That don't sound right to me when they that sounds so Michael Jackson shit sound like a don't sound right to me. So like that time that I'm putting in giving every one of my kids my my that equal time, you know What I'm saying. But with him, since he's The oldest, I have to be a, a little bit more strict on him as far as making sure he gets up on time for school, taking out The garbage, Al, little chores, shit.


But yeah, It It creates your character, you know, What, I'm saying The discipline. Oh man. So I'm, I'm seeing like It carries over too where if you're not disciplined in something that you passionate about ba in basketball ho you think you gonna be disciplined in The other areas? Yeah. You not, if you not disciplined about something that you love other areas, it's gonna fall too. That shit gonna crumble at some point. That's a fact. Facts you feel What. I'm saying facts. So I'm like, bro, dedicate yourself to this and I guarantee you it's gonna pay off. But he listened though, like that's half The battle too. And, and which I love about him. I could talk to him. He got his own individuality too. Yeah. So when, once I see that I, I I I don't want to tamper with that because I see that if I Odoo you gonna try to make you gonna try to follow me or follow in my footstep.


You are your own person. Yeah you are P Jro you are your own entity. Right. ho you feel about this? I ask him ho he feel bro. I'm tell ho What you think he'll tell me The honest truth, Al. Right. This is ho We gonna think about It just like We was talking about with The deal. He was mad that I was telling him that shit about The deal. Like, 'cause he, he knew that I was telling him Right. Like What, like I was asking him questions and The question. I was a, he The answers he was like not elaborating on th like yeah he, he said a certain company name. I don't wanna say The name. He said their name. I'm like so ho like that don't add up P you see What? I'm saying he started to hear What.


I'm saying he he heard What I was saying but started crying. I'm like bro I'm not here to chastise you or make you feel like you made The wrong decision. Yeah. I'm just showing you that you have worth. Yeah, yeah they coming 'cause you have worth now you decide What that worth is going to be a lot of kids these days they don't know What The Worth. They don't, they don't even know that they got worth that alone telling The motherfucker that they love th or something or hitting th I'm patting him on The back for letting for doing something. Right. So me expressing to him where I'm at right now telling him like man PJ, I'm doing this for me, my my nigga. Yeah. Not doing this for you no more. Yeah I'm quitting 'cause of me.


Yeah I'm tired of It. I'm doing this solely to be around y'all. Yeah, yeah. Taking you to school. I'm picking you up, I'm doing this, I'm doing that. He gonna appreciate that. You may not understand It now. That's my whole little saying now you ain't gonna understand that but later on you gonna respect It facts. I say that Al The time mother. Yes sir. House bro you ain't gonna understand motherfucker kids trifling. Damn You gonna Odoo It home here? Yeah I done lied to told motherfuckers, hey bro y'all keep this room trifle dude these mice and shit gonna come fuck you roaches and shit. You gotta a lie to 'em. You gotta kind of cast It funny. Nah for sure.


Hell I was saying Al kind of bullshit. Look appearing anything to make th listen bro. Nah for sure you gotta trick 'em a little bit. Oh yeah like that's What I meant by being a dad like sparking like sparking that engine sometimes you got a lot of The kids now they don't know ho they ain't going to know because of The, The, The, The conditions and living circumstances that you gather th in because of What. You went through, I went through this, I'm putting you in this type of environment so that you don't gotta go back to that. If they Odoo go back to It, you'll failure you anyway. You a failure if you let 'em go back. Yeah. You feel What I'm saying so I'm, I'm creating this for you and to see you thrive And that's Al I'm, that's The stage.


I'm Bose man. Just bossing up bro. Nah for sure it's Al about bro. Man for sure. Listen man, We are blessed, blessed, blessed man We appreciate you pulling up. I know ho much this means for you bro. I know ho much this means to us, like We said, We got this opportunity. Shout out to The team for making this happen man. We were ecstatic man. We are really happy that you pulled up on us man. It means The world to us for sure bro. Love bro. No for sure. I gotta say something for you Lee. Bro. I'm so geek bro. Like I'm a fan. Like I know We graduated in oh seven whatever. So like when I was a in college you was a rookie and you going against Rondo and th in The Celtics in The playoffs and stuff And I'm watching, I'm like damn it's some I know him like I competed against him.


I seen him to see you Odoo that shit And then like to Get to know you over The years and then see What kind of person as you kind of father you are ho dope you are as a person. Cool. And like for you to have Al The accolades and Al Al The shit that you got and ho humble. You was like bro you would put me in spaces and We would be in rooms and you a like you The one and you a like this nigga crazy I'm taking over The floor but everybody wanted to be around you. Yeah. And that shit is dope. You don't meet too many people ho just like ho got The resume or The person that you are and let you be. You like Lord you ain't had to let me start bro. You know What I'm saying like no, no you that's no I'm not saying I ain't earned, I ain't saying I ain't earned The start bro.


Exactly, bro. Exactly. At that time for show if We being honest bro, like I'm just a realistic person bro. Like you had might have went through some stuff, you went to New York and whatever, whatever and then you came to The team. But when you started hooping, oh you nigga you was averaging 16 off The bench. I was averaging 10. No but but still I I, at that time I was fully aware of where I was at at that time. I, I didn't want to start, TIFF used to try to come to me. I'm like no I know you MayT wanna start but I was like please tell this nigga, tell this nigga to start time you telling The total opposite man and The whole reason I'm telling The Tim tell this nigga man Tim's probably going to you like you, you need to start and you probably like nah I his ass.


I'm like tell him again. Hey what's so crazy is in a different situation that goes differently and most of The time and that's The typical in N. B a typically you got th going against each other but y'all pushing each other and that's why It worked out. It's crazy. No that nigga just didn't want a start because they was hurting his feelings. It wasn't even about It. Fuck th that's What 44 Jersey. Hey I tell my last I was, I was, I was fucking zero there. Listen fuck you listen my last tee I We went to Prince House right? Oh yeah We went to Prince's house. Right. We had a little show and now I'm gonna let y'all Get out here me wig.


So if you to know Wig is to love Wig and he's li he's me and him very similar. We're anti a lot of stuff and then not Omar just put It out to so I didn't say that, he said that. So then The no wig and then The no Gorgie. So it's me, Gorgie and Wig at a table. Right. We don't smile for shit. We don't Odoo shit. We mean like people don't know this side of me. Only The teammates know ho joke and shit like The fans don't know they think I'm ass so I don't smile about shit. But Wig don't smile about shit. Gorgie, he The nicest person in The world but they don't know like he don't smile Man our table empty.


Nobody walked by our table. I'm talking about man his table bro. Nigga The Prince Jersey, they walking by not one person had a dress tea Prince Jersey by The way I think my mama might have one. This nigga Prince Jersey bro had to be The highest selling shit in The. N B A that year. It had to be bro. Yeah It was up there. I know It was bro. They was walking by. I was like damn, damn nah damn damn. I'm like wig damn Wig just got a max. I'm like fuck bro you like you might want, he was like I gotta leave bro they don't fuck with me y'all. I'm like they don't no on that man he was nah he was just like I gotta leave like they not fucking with me no more.


It was ka and d and then Dro this jersey was more than Ka. I was like yeah he not gonna be back like you know What. I mean I like Kat not fucking with that. I'm keeping It a be bro. I'm keeping a be bro. I like y'all stop playing. Hey stop. But okay I'm not Ka bro. I swear to, I swear to God I love Ka bro. Ka cool as hell. I think Kat one of The coolest players that ever play The. Same thing when I seen that shit you had to be there bro. It We at Prince's house bro with Prince Jerseys. I'm watching, I'm like this is D roll shit.


Like I'm like this his shit. You know What I, me, I'm, I'm, I'm a real nigga. I real, I realized shit like yeah he winning 6 million. I'm like yeah he yeah this is team that was one of The best collabs that they did. What? Yeah What fired. Was that The first time they ever did that? I don't know. That shit was fired though. Had to be bro. My, my mama called me like Get that Prince Jar. I said baby it's gonna be a lot for you. I'm like my my shit th motherfuckers up there. I was like no that D row I bro said can you sign this motherfucker It ho much is people house like can you sign It for me? He was like yeah I signed It and somebody took that bitch from The. You got Yeah you signed It and put It in The locker nigga I came back, It was gone. It was one of The equipment somebody got.


I know so many niggas asking for that shit. I was, I ain't wanna ask you another one. I'm like damn that motherfucker gonna be on eBay right after this interview. Motherfucker ho with that Jersey champion 400 k somebody 4,000 for that motherfucker. Right. I knew when he had Al th jerseys. I said yeah that was a hell of a experience. That was, that was dope. That was dope. His house was crazy. I swear that was, that's one of The craziest homes I ever been to. They still respect him homie. Ah he's a legend bro. No I'm talking about in The house. The rules. The saying no nigga don't touch, you can't touch nothing as if he's still there. I never saw nothing nigga be gentle around that. I swear nigga don't shoot on that goal.


Like I was like damn they said that they used to ho too. I would love to meet th like that but It was same food menu like you can't bring no meat, no other shit in The crib. They still respect him. My, I never saw nothing like It bro. That's far. Shit was crazy. Damn. Listen know We gotta Get. I gotta ask We brought up The jerseys. ho does It feel to still see you know What? I'm saying like people wear your jersey like 'cause I know like We always talk about The jersey like that. Like that baby blue nuggets Metallo jersey. But that number one bull jersey. Yeah. Come on man. That's like a hood legend jersey. Like everybody in The world even you go to The frat houses of The. Oh crazy White boys playing beer pong. They got a De Bros jersey. Yo ho does It feel for that? Like that universal moment like everybody's like no matter where my boy at We fucking with that jersey, as far as right now I'm living in gratitude.


For sure. For sure bro. Appreciative you know What I'm saying and not to make y'all this Episode serious like this. 'cause I know y'all normally got like humor, some humor shit. But Nah, you good bro. We don talk We go pop. Shit you, you straight bro. You straight. Some people need to hear. Yeah, yeah. But yeah, just living in gratitude bro. And that's one of The reasons why I think We wanted to come here and show love. Nah, appreciate bro some Midwest shit like I said for sure man. Hey man, like I said We, appreciate you We, appreciate you giving us this moment man. It means a lot for Bose sides man. We can't wait to see What. You Odoo. Next you know We got The. Team gonna keep creating man. We definitely gonna push and support that before We. Get outta here.


Be here and tell The people they can grab some merch at Shop Club five 20 Odoo com.


Baby The Volume Muhammad Ali George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman Was champion of The world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story Behind The Rumble. In The Jungle was like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half The story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Maba, Al The biggest Slack artists On The planet Together in Africa. It was a big deal.


Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and The Soul of 74 on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts or wherever you Get your podcast.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First I explore The making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed The way We consume women's basketball. And on this new season we'll cover Al things, sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on The Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you Get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from The New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast Off The Edge with me Cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have The, biggest N FL Stars. Join me to give a player's perspective of The biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around The League. So tap in to off The Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for Al things, football and not football. Listen on The, iHeart radio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcast.


Hey Everyone, it's Katie Kig. Well, The election is in The home stretch right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein Genki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B and Charlemagne The. God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that What? Democracy is Al about. Check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcast


AM Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports Up. First, I explore The making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. Every great player needs a Foil. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed The way. We consume women's sports. Listen to The making of rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. On The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcast Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.