
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and a hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


When you get to the point, you need a lady that you know same age as you, so y'all can experience gray hairs together and be old. Okay, my momma's around. I'm just, I'm just, you just think about it. You just do anything. I talk about It all my life. Grinding all my life, sacrifice, hustle, paid the price, want, slice, got the bro d the all my life. I be grinding all my life, all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice my life. I've been grinding all my life. Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Sheha. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprie of Club Shea.


Stopping by for conversation on a drink today is a creative force who love experimenting with music, fashion, and business. A trailblazer in contemporary hip hop, a cultural influencer, a leading figure in for brands, a global hit maker, Grammy Grammy nominated rapper, multi-platinum selling artist chart, top and producer, respected, songwriter, multi-talented actor, director poses, lyricist, creator, entertainer, host, interviewer, media personality, and a model, a virtual businessman, viral trendsetter, a new wave icon. Voted one of the best dressed rappers of his generation, a dynamic force. And he the homie Atlanta Bread. Lil Yachty. Damn that you, yeah.


That Was fire that you I appreciate that, bro. That was fire. I, I, you know what? I know you don't drink. So, bro, we gonna toast this water to get this thing off, right? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. There we go. Damn. Can't get mine off. Appreciate you stopping by, man. Yes, sir. Of course. Mm. On this me snowy day. Oh Yeah, man, I'm getting on this old shade right quick. Celebrate the new year with a bottle of bottle of shade. Ball of forte. Let's get right into it. Thank you for pulling up to the club today. Cut your hair. Yeah, I did, bro. I mean, yeah, because a lot of people, a lot of things are tied to their hair. You see, when people go to different hairstyles Yeah. It, they're in a different phase of their life and they wanna try something new.


What are you, what are you signifying? What are you saying by cutting your hair? Truth be told, it was just damaged. My hair was damaged. I kept bleaching it. Coloring it, and so it was just, it was real damaged. And I got tired of a, I had a box. Okay. So I ain't had a, so, so I was like, man, I wanna, I want to grow my whole head. And to be honest, I've been growing my hair since, since I was in like 10th, 11th grade. Okay. You know, so like almost 14 years ago. So I was like, it's, I just cut it Off trying to do something different. Yeah. Like, I mean, I, I think for so long I was so like, embedded into my hair and it was like I, oh, I could never not have hair. I could never, I could never, I think I just woke up one day and was like, you know, When you color it.


Yeah. What is the color of the color you, like you said you used to bleach your hair, you had it red, you had a lot of different colors. So what, what, what does your hair mean to, to Lil Yachty? I Mean, to be's man. So I had braids in high school. Okay. And they were black. And my mom, I got to the age where I was able to work and my mom was like, you need to get a job. And she wanted me to get a job at McDonald's at 15. Okay. And my mom is a business woman, real professional. Like, she don't, she don't play. So my mom was like, I had these long black braids, and she was like, you can't go in there with those long braids. You need to look professional, you need to cut your hair. I had an interview at McDonald's house. Look Professional even at McDonald's, huh? Exactly. Right. And, and I had never worked before, so I'm assuming my mama knows.


She talking about she got a good job. Right. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like, I really didn't want to, 'cause my hair hairs were separating me from people. But I was like, all right, my mama know what you're talking about. I cut my hair, did the interview, got the job the first day, and everyone had crazy hair. I'm talking about, I'm talking about they have man, they had all kind of colors and grays. And so I came home and I was so upset. And I was like, ma, you made me cut my here. And everybody got here, you know, it's McDonald's. And, and, and she felt bad. And so one day we were driving, she was taking me to work and she was like, why don't you do something to her? I'm like, what?


And she was like, color it red. And I think she don't think I was gonna actually do it. Right. Because at the time, you gotta understand, it's like 2013, it wasn't a thing. You know, the most that there was in like African American culture for men was like a blonde patch. Right. 'cause what Khalifa did, like the blonde patch with the black, but color hair wasn't a thing for black men. Right. It wasn't like cool or trendy or, or just prominent. So like, when I did it, she didn't think I was gonna do it. But when I did it, it was like, I don't know, I just kept it all the way. And, and then it became a point where I knew that my hair was like my signature. Okay. And my hair was what was going to Set you apart.


Yes. And, and, and, and, and catch people's attention. So I'll never forget when I went to college, I went to Alabama State and this was like 2015. And still colorful hair for black men wasn't a thing yet. So I had red hair and I had braids, and I had beads. Beads. And I'm Alabama. So they looking at you like, damn Red hair, braids, braids, beads, beads. And I and Alabama. And I dress different and You dress Different. So they was looking at you like, Hmm. What he on? And it ain't what I'm on, what, what they thought I was on. It ain't what I'm on. You know what I'm saying? So, but, but I had this thing in my head. I was like, man, like this is so temporary, this whole experience like this something, it's a bigger picture for me.


It's a bigger, so like, 'cause I could always just cut my hair and blend it in and had a great college experience, but I was like, nah. 'cause see, the thing was, is that on the weekends I would go home. Right. Right. Or my dad worked for Delta. So like, I would go anywhere. Right. You know, like I'd be at in Alabama Monday through Friday, then after class I'd be LA for the weekend with $0 in my pocket. But I flew for free. So I would get on a plane and then like, go hang out with ASAP Rocky. Or like, something like, I was like, I was always, You could always find something to do. Something to get away. Yeah. So like I, I believed in like, my look and my image and I just always thought I was cool. Right. Like, I've always had confidence since like high school, I was voted most likely to become famous in high school.


Like, because I just always had a confidence level and just felt like, man, I'm not, you feel me? Right. To this day. So that's the whole hair thing. And, and for the longest, I always felt like, man, I needed my hair. I used to feel that away for a long time. So crazy. In the beginning of my career, when I first started in like 2016, I would, when I would go out, I used to, I used to think, and at the beginning it was this way. I used to think people only knew me about my hair. Like if I would step out and I had my red braids on people, like, oh, hall. Yeah. Eli. And I used to feel like Batman. Like if I cover my hair, like I could just go out and for a long time I could, no one really knew my face. Right. They just knew my hair until, you know, I mean, a decade later, obviously hair, no hair.


Right. Shit. People see my eyes sometime and be like, I know who that is. So You mentioned your mom has a great job. Your dad worked for Delta. What type of kid were you? Did you get in trouble? Were you a class clown? I was. Or did you always kind of know what you wanted to do? I was definitely a class clown. I got, I got, I got in trouble sometimes. Me and my mother got into it a lot because my mom was really strict. Man, it's so interesting 'cause we have such a beautiful relationship now. Right. And I realized that it just had to do with, she just wanted me to be great, you know? So I, I used to think she was like evil, you know, but, but she just wanted me to be great, you know? And my mother's from a different time period than me as to where like, you know, her, her parents worked in steel mills, you know, and then still college on her.


She's from Gary, Indiana. Mm. So like, all she knew was degree, agree career. So when I'm like, I'm gonna be rich, all rap, and I'm from like a, a little suburban area outside Atlanta where like no one was famous. Right. Like, it was like low to middle income. Like it was just regular. Right. So like, she's like, you got like a one in a million percent chance. You know what I'm saying? But like, I grew up, my father is also, he's a photographer. So I just grew up around music my whole life. And I was outside. I was just outside doing teenage bad.


I mean, you do bad, you just, you just being young. You know what I'm saying? You, So how was your dad? Because normally the dad is the disciplinarian and the mom is a little bit more lenient. So my parents divorced at eight. My mom was the mean one. My dad is the art one. Okay. Yeah. My dad, he was like, you know, my dad got got a curl mustache and like gold teeth. He's cool. So like, my dad probably dead ass wouldn't kill a spider, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like my dad wasn't, he wasn't, he just wasn't like that. For real. Did your mom ever say, I don't know your father's name, but Charlie, you need to get on that boy.


You see him out there? Yeah. Yeah. One time my dad, one time she forced, I know for a fact my mom was up to this. I guess me and my mama got into him. My dad came over and like trying to like so-called discipline me. He like punched me in the chest. And I'll never forget look at him like, I really beat your ass. Real. Like, like you ain't, you not even like that for real. But, but I love my dad to death. You know what I'm saying? But I mean, I don't know. It's the same as any house. So you all ain't no, I don't know too many black kids that just grew up perfect. You know, because you trying to figure yourself out. You know what I'm saying? Like, you trying to figure out your way in life. I, I, I think in the beginning of my high school, like experiences, I was like trying to do what my friends did.


You know, like I was trying out for football and basketball and until I realized I wasn't athletic at all. How was That football experience? Oh man, I was number like 66. They gave you that number or you chose that number? Nah, Nah, they, I ain't get to choose the number. Oh, Well, yeah. Yeah. You pretty bad then you, yeah. Yeah. And at the time I weighed like 130 pounds. Okay. So I was, I had a lineman number and I was 130 pounds. Ah, yeah. Yeah. You wouldn't, yeah, I kept it bench warm though. You Know, I, I, I kept, I kept one time, man, it's so crazy. I got in probably like two times the whole season right before I quit. And one time I got in on the pun return team.


Okay. And I was on like that first row. Yeah. Yeah. You know, usually ball, the ball shouldn't come this way at all on the right. Like, the ball should go past me. I guess. It was a bad kick. And somehow the ball came my way. You got it. And I'm like, this is my time to show. Oh yeah. Go get a Yachty. Go Yachty. Yachty. As soon as I pick the ball up and ball, oh man. As soon as I, before I could pick the ball up and look up, I was a pancake on that, on that, on that field. That's when I realized, oh, I don't like getting hit. I don't, I don't ever want to get hit like this. So I think that was, I think I resigned after that game actually. So you weren really was only like playing sports because your friends played or you weren't the one to try?


All Of my, all of my best friends are super athletic. Okay. You know, like, like to this day all, well, not all of 'em, but a good amount of 'em, they, they play. So like, I just wanted to like, I've always been a, a brother guy, you know, like my brother, my big brother, we, he wasn't really in my life. And so like, I always wanted brothers. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, so that's why I'm so adamant on friendship and shit like that. So like, sticking together brother shit, that's what you on. Shit, I'm on it, I'm on this, we on this, this what we on. You don't like him. I don't like him. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, that's, that's the type of guy I always was. You know what I'm saying? Until I got a little older, I mean, I'm still like that. But I got a little older and started realizing, I Started thinking for yourself, I can't Do that.


You know what I'm saying? Then I joined the yearbook staff and fucking, I started doing the, I was the mc for the school. So I did the pep rallies, all the school things and I kind of like hyped up the school. And then that's when I was like, I always wanted to do music. 'cause I've been around it my entire life. My father, he shot everybody, you know. So, but during those pep rallies they helped me like realize like I ain't scared of no crowd and I know how to turn 'em up. Right. So, yeah. Did you play any other sports other than football? Hell No. Or did you attempt any other sports other than football? No, Football was enough. Seriously. And like, and in practices the whole, like, y'all both lay on the ground and jump up and gotta run towards each other.


Yeah. I Hated that too. Oh, you ain't like the Oklahoma, huh? Nah, Hell no. I wanna be in a different, different state. Different city. Don't put me in Oklahoma. That's where God, that shit bro, that shit was not comfortable. Right. I'm a comfortable guy and that's not, that's not the physical contact I'm into. Oh, Okay. Yeah. You mentioned you worked at McDonald's, you had a job at Six Flags. Yeah. And you altered clothes for money. Yeah. Let me, lemme start with the altering of clothes. Yeah. Did you take Home ec? You saw your mom, you saw your grandma. How did you come into that? My Mother taught me how to sew. Okay. Because at the time, see this is so crazy how fashion is, at the time, big pants was in style.


Everybody wore big clothes. Yes. Right. This is right. This is like right after like the era, like you are a jerk and stuff. So skinny stuff started to come in and Adidas used to have track pants. They used to have a classic track pants. So Adidas track pants before they made soccer pants. Yeah. They, you know, loose original Adidas track pants. Yeah. Loose. But I was in the skinny clothes. I was like, I want my Adidas pants to be skinny. Right. So my mom used to do 'em for me. And I used to ask her so many times, she taught me how to sew so I could have, I was the only person at school this with like skinny jogger sweats. 'cause there wasn't a such thing yet. Right. And then it became so trendy at my school that everyone would be like, how'd you do that?


And I'd be like, I made 'em. So I started making money off of altering, excuse me, people's clothes, you know what I'm saying? Like, you know, $10, $15, $20 to get, make everybody's pants skinny. So I like damn there come home with a book bag full of pants. Right. Sew everybody pants up. Make 'em all skinny. Bring 'em back to school. Yeah. And that's how I paid for clothes. That's how I bought clothes. So you kind of always been a, had a hustler's mentality? I, I always liked things. You can't get things off of being funny. Some Things you like, I ain't gonna be no comedian. Well, I mean, shout out the comedians, but like, no.


You know what I'm saying? Like, I, I, I was like, I was so young, bro. And I was like, man, I gotta, I like clothes, I always love clothes. Correct. So I was like, man, my mama didn't buy me in high school. Once I got to a certain age, my mom was like, you, you, you, you are kind of like, you're older. And, and my mom lost her job when I got in high school. So she wasn't working. Money was tight. Yeah. So like, I had to fend for myself and I wanted to go out on the weekends. I wanted to go to the games. I wanted to go to the movies. And so I had to make it happen. You mentioned early on that your mom had to get your haircut to go work at McDonald's. So where were you a cashier? You was a cook. You was on the, you was on the Yeah, I was on the, I was on the grill.


Okay. Okay. They used to let the prettier, like the women be on the, on the cashier cash. Okay. Well it was McDonald's. Ain't nobody really that pretty hit McDonald. No offense. But like, yeah. That job was cool though. They was mean as hell. You know, when people hate they job, they be a little bit Timid. Well then why you work? You know? And I get that all the time. You at your place you don't like, just don't come back Because it's the only thing you can get. Maybe, possibly, potentially. And you gotta pay your bills. You know what I'm saying? A lot of people don't like people. I think people be like people. I think a lot of people settle. They do in life. Yes. And so not just Don't work. But there are a lot of things.


Relationships. Yeah. Relationships. Baby parents. I think, I think people just settle. You know, like you take what you can get because it's comfortable. Yes. And it's there. And I don't know, I'm, it's so funny. I'm so not that way. I will not settle for nothing and I never would settle ever. 'cause life is so short. Right. You know what I'm saying? Yes. You live and then you die. So why not do it how you want to do it. You feel, I mean, whether you rich or, you know, barely getting above your means is you still entitled to your life. Did any of these jobs overlap? You mentioned you had the job at McDonald's.


Yeah. You were doing, you know, some alterations for kids at school and you worked at Six Flags. So did any of this overlap? Yeah. No. I worked at McDonald's at 15 and then I worked at Six Flags at 16. But when I worked at Six Flags, I worked for during the Fright Fest. So it was only one month. It was like October. I worked in a haunted house as like a ghost. I would pop out the locker room. Yeah. I popped out the locker. That was cool though. Just working wasn't really for me, you know, because I had goals, man. I had goals, I had dreams. I was like, same with school. Right. Like, I was in college, like just, I had goals.


I used to fear cubicles like I feared. I was like, oh man, I can't be in a cubicle. Right. With a, with a neighbor named Joe. A part a Joe. I can't be next to a Joe. No offense to Joe's around the world. I personally just, I like freedom, financial freedom. You like independence, you like going and come, you like moving at your own pace? I Like, I mean, yeah. I like to wake up when I wanna wake up, going to sleep. When I want to go to sleep, I want to eat what I want to eat. I wanna look how I wanna look. You know what I'm saying? Type shit. You know.


But, and I like what I like, I don't like, no, I do not like, no. Although, although there's no life without no. You gonna get No sometimes, but I really refer to not hear it. You mentioned working at McDonald's, but you know, you get good food at McDonald's, you know you get burgers, but I hear, you know, you didn't eat meat. You never, you never. No. So what'd you eat? McNuggets or Pause? No meat eating over here. You didn't, you didn't? Yeah. I, I don't, I don't do that. I like chicken. Okay. Yeah. So I eat chicken. I don't eat fish either. Okay. No fish. Okay. So, So you didn't eat fish filet? I don't eat fish. Do they have chicken sandwiches back then? Yeah. Make chickens. Yeah. Make chickens and chicken nuggets and fries.


I ain't even eat fries at the time. I eat fries now. Okay. But back then I didn't eat fries. But yeah, I, I, my diet is, Man, all that free food they got there. You ain't eat nothing. But I ate it though. I ate a McChicken every single day. Okay. And God damn man, I got tired, man. I ate that shit every day, bro. It was crazy. You go to college. Yeah. You attend Alabama State. What made you, if you kind of knew early on, I'm listening that you talking and we are only like 10, 15 minutes into this conversation and I get the impression that you kind of knew school wasn't for you. Yeah. But you went anyway. Was that for your mom? My, yeah, Absolutely. Okay. Yeah, it was from my mom. But also it was like, when I graduated high school, the day after I graduated, I told my mother, I'm moving to New York and I'm pursuing my rap dreams.


And she cried. She was crying and she was on the couch and she was crying. Never forget it. So yeah. All right. I'm out. And I packed a bag and I flew to New York. I had like $20 in my pocket and an EBT card. And my man's let me sleep on his couch in Harlem. And I did that for like four months until like, I was just so broke. And so I was like, all mind you, when I tried school out, I think I enrolled in August. I dropped out by November and I was rich. Damn. That ain't even a quarter Yachty. I was rich by March.


So, So it worked out. But you mentioned that you were depressed in college. Oh man. It was the darkest was that dark than, I'm trying to think. It was probably the darkest time. Yeah. Am I still the darkest time I've been through? Yeah. Yeah. What, what was so depressing about college? Was it a situation that, you know, you didn't belong, you didn't wanna do be there, you was doing this for your mom because now I wanna do this, but I've gotta take a transition and do this in the meantime. What was so depressing about it? Because women, you never gonna be around that man. Ooh, right there. Yeah. You Hey girl. That's true.


And it's so crazy that that was why I was excited to go. But I was such a, I looked so different than everyone at the time. They, I was treated like an outcast. Okay. I had like two friends there and I just felt like I didn't belong had I been at Georgia State or FIT in New York or you know, like a school where it's just more diverse and like, yeah. Alabama really, It's like, you know what I'm saying? So like, I think a part was that I felt like such a standoffish character. I really wanted to do music. I had such strong belief in myself and it was hard to do from Alabama. Yeah. You know, I had friends that were like on social media kind of bubbling and like doing they thing, you know what I'm saying?


So it's like, man, I'm seeing my homies kind of pop and do they thing. I'm in school. This shit sucks. I was broke In Alabama. I ain't have no cars like walking on dirt roads type of shit. Like, I ain't enjoyed it. I didn't even, like, it just wasn't my, I wasn't even really worried about What about the party y you know, at college, you know the party be popping. Man, it's so crazy. I went to one party in college and I hated it, bro. I was sitting sound Like me. I was in a corner. I was sitting in the corner like, man, because I just thought about, bro, before I went to college, it was like our neighborhood had a lot of kids in. And you had the kids that were older that graduated, went to high school and they were graduating or dropping out and they were coming right back to the house.


So you at home and you got debt or a sheet of paper and you still ain't got no job. I was like, God damn, you got debt and you still here? I can't. And me and my mom got into it. I was like, bro, I can't go back there. Right. With debt on top of that. Right. Being there with no debt is already stressful. Being in mama house with debt. Damn. That's crazy. I'm gonna never make it out this place, you feel me? So I was like, man, I have to give this a shot. I ne I would've never forgave myself. I didn't, if I didn't give myself a chance. So you leave Alabama, you come back home temporarily. Yeah. And then go to New New York. Your left Thing? No, New York was before. So you went to New York before.


Before. Before. So once you went to college and came back, you stayed in Atlanta? Yeah. I told my mother, I was like, mom, I need an ultimatum. I need you to give me a year off. 'cause I started school the way my birthday was set up, I was just young. I graduated at 17. Okay. So I was younger than everyone. Okay. So I said, I just gimme a year. If things don't work out, I'll go back and I'll be 18. I'll be the same age as everyone else and, and freshman. Okay. So just gimme a year. And I did it. And less than half a year. But yeah. It's crazy. It's So what, what did your dad say? What was your dad? I Mean, my dad wasn't against it. Okay. You know what I'm saying? My dad didn't, he didn't go to school, so, so I mean, You like, I'll follow your pants.


Yeah, Yeah. Well, nah, I wasn't doing that either. Nah, nah. 'cause I wanted to be great. Okay. Not that my dad wasn't great. My, my father's a king. But he had, he chose a different path to what you wanted to go, you wanted to make, you wanted to be famous. You wanted make lots of money. You wanted to be I wanted be rich. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. And I wanted to do something bigger than me. Bigger than what I thought I could do. You know, bigger than what, what anyone around me thought that we could do and just make it out. How did going to New York help Yi's music career? Going to New York helped me in several ways because of the people that I met along the way. And just based on like, getting outta my mother's house, you know, like I was always so independent, so I was always like doing me, you know?


So being that far away from home, my mom had a curfew. My mom didn't play, you know what I'm saying? So she used to gimme a curfew and she used to, I just needed to spread my rings, you know? Yeah. And it was so crazy, my whole belief in the beginning, because I never, I, I, like, I could rap, but I didn't think I was like the best rapper. Right. But my, I my whole belief, I was banking on my appearance. Like, I was literally just banking on the way I looked, the way I dressed. I was like, I'm cool. I know I'm cool. That's what was gonna set you apart. Yeah. I felt like rap is like, more than half is you, your appearance, your persona, you know, and then the music is like the other portion, you know, like stars are made from the embodiment of a spirit that is unusual in the common Ground of people.


Okay. You know, that's why people treat celebrities a certain way because you can't fathom that that person, or there's like a, a, a voice that makes you cry, makes you think about other things or a person on screen that just like was made you feel 'em, you almo you just feel like the, but we all regular people. Right? But it's the character and it's the, the image and the energy which makes stars. You know, like, because you got people who make hits who love that song. Who made that song? I, I I don't, you don't know who made it because they don't have the look or the image or the embodiment. So it's all about your persona and, and and how, how you carry yourself and the imagery, the ima imagery is so important in entertainment.


You know, the imagery of a person because it's how we remember people, you know, we remember you about brown alcohol and smoking. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? Like, you know, and, you know, getting women Yeah. And tight clothes, you know what I'm saying? But I'm for, look at that y'all. You see, you boy showed up today. You little luc today. Yeah. You boy showed up. You're a little lucr today. Look, you're a little lucr today. But like, just even you think about the biggest people, they have characters to them that, and like, just like you can call out things about celebrities or stars and it's just based on how we are as a person, which separates us from the next rapper or the next athlete or the next commentator or the next act actor, actress, anything.


Right. You know what I'm saying? So yeah. You know, that's just, that's just what it is.


Get the most anticipated new releases with a Disney plus Hulu Max Mundle up for an adventure always on Max. The HBO original, the white Lotus returns. What is this place? Explore the Marvel universe with what if on Disney plus Avenger a symbol. And on Hulu read between the Lies on Paradise. You are the last to see the president alive plus so much more. Here we go. It's the ultimate bundle for an unbelievable price. With plans starting at 1699 a month terms apply, visit Disney plus hulu max bundle.com for details.


Whether you're Ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza. There's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one, get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


I'm Grant and I'm your new Bachelor. A BC Mondays. Is this real? Is he real? The Bachelor is back and the ladies are head over heels tall, handsome, smart. He's perfect. It's an all new season of romance. I'm 110% ready to fall in love. My love story's gonna happen. And of course, drama. These other girls are dating my boyfriend. You act like you don't care. He knows how I feel. I did not know how hard this would be. The Bachelor Monday's eight, seven Central on a, B, c and stream on Hulu.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic. 'cause we came to play bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


You know, you, You were in New York and you was clear you were critical of New York fashion because you, like New York is behind Atlanta. Yeah. Now, you know, that's not gonna be well received because New York's supposed To be you talking about, when I said the New York fashion thing, it was so crazy. Is that that was taken outta context. Okay. Okay. What I said was, I was talking to Cash Cobain and I was telling him that his friends, his friend group, his type, like his guys can't dress Right. You know what I'm saying? So I was saying like, I love New York dearly, you know what I'm saying? Like, my, my, my, my kid was not anymore, but she was there. That was like, I spent all my time in New York. Okay. And I still spend time in New York. I'm in New York damn near every other week, you know what I'm saying?


And I'm outside. So like, I didn't mean it like New York. People can't dress. New York is the capital of fashion that you're Correct. I was speaking on a specific demographic. Okay. Right? Yes. And then I went on and say like, Atlanta people dress better. And I was really honestly just talking, talking about my self. Yeah. For real. For real. You know what I'm saying? Like, I, I ain't, you know, but Atlanta got some, some fly people. Yeah. And we got a, a Flo Styles and, but I was really speaking on myself. It's so crazy. People come to me every day about this while I see things about the whole New York can't dress. I I didn't say that. Right. And I, and I definitely wasn't pertaining to all of, All New Yorkers. He was talking about the Yeah. I, I, I embody fashions of New York, you know, not today, but like, usually I'm in some Tims Right.


And some big pants. Right. Or some jean shorts. So I think people took it outta context. I really don't care though. Like, I mean, it is what it is. Like, but that's not what I said. Right. I was really talking about Cassius homeboys and the way they dress and like, like, like that crowd of, but it is what it is. 'cause That's what they say. They's like, you keep on talking about New York, but you dressed like a New Yorker. Yeah. You went I I do. Yeah. You dressed like East Coast Timm, You mentioned it. Yeah. I love, I love the history of New York fashion, especially in hip hop. I think Dipset was sick. You know, I think, I think Rocky is one of the best dressed, I think a a lot of people from New York.


I think it's great fashion. Dapper Dan. I mean, I could go on and On you down with the, the shorts and the timms. Yeah. You be down like That. I, I think that, man, I like to say that I brought it back. I do, I will say that everyone do that shit now because Jada, Jada big on the, the shorts and the Tims. Yeah. Yeah. I, you come back a couple years ago, I had the jean shorts and people used to clown me. Yeah. People was clowning me for jean shorts and Tims they like was on my ass. And now it's such a prominent thing. They, They came back because, you know, back in the, like the nineties and early two thousands, everybody, Tim, I mean Tim's in every color. Yeah. From the, from the, the, the brown to the black to the red, to the green, the blue. Everybody had a timms in every color and they kinda went away.


But they're making a comeback now. Oh, it's, it came back for sure. So you, you back rocking 'em again. I never, I never stopped. I was still went. I, bro, I, I, I don't know. I That's probably what messed up my hips wearing them. Damn. Heavy ass Tims. Well, That I used to wear, I Used wear That's possible. It it's prob it could, it could also be playing football. But That, you know what, while you bull driving, that might be it. I'm, I think it might be 1%. The Timm, 99% of it's possible.


Hey, what's up everybody? It's Shannon Sharp and I'm a row partner. Are you ready to lose an average of 15% of your weight Faster? Meet the latest offering through Row Row now offers FDA approved weight loss vials for half the price of those expensive auto ejector pins, no insurance or saving cards needed. And you'll see results faster lose and on average of 15% of your weight in just one year. This formula from Eli Lilly targets two key hormones to curb hunger with less nausea than other treatments. Your role affiliated provider will help you figure out if GLP ones are right for you with support throughout the process. Plus you can sign up online. No waiting rooms, no doctor visit. Just simple convenient access. Over 385,000 people have already chosen row weight loss, faster confidence, higher price cheaper. What are you waiting for? Go to row.co/shannon to see if you qualify. That's row.co/shannon. Go to road do co slash safety for box warnings for full safety information about GLP one medication.


Lemme ask you a question. The Jim Jones challenge said for a thousand dollars and I guess he meant he would take, take a thousand dollars. We Do that. I wanted to do he Would take a thousand dollars. Yeah. And who can dress the flies? We wanted to make it a show. Okay. We wanted to take a thousand dollars. Okay. Set a timer. Right. And then go out into New York. Right. And see who It's like one of 'em shows like shopping. You know how they give you like $30 and you gotta make a great meal? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So you gonna take a thousand dollars? Okay. You gotta put something together and Do whatever you and who can make the best outfit with a thousand dollars in X amount of time. Right. We never did it, but it would've been fun. Right. Because, 'cause after that whole ordeal I had got on the phone with like all of my New York friends, you know, and just people that I respected from New York from and I talked to Rocky and I talked to Osiris and I talked to Barry and I talked to Nast and Jim Jones.


And, and because I was like, I don't want, I wanna make sure niggas don't really think that's what I said. Like these people I be around for real, for real. You know, and I respect. And so I had to make sure that that wasn't the my, but they, none of them took it that way. Right. Okay. You know, just people who, it's so crazy way and that is bro, people you'll take like, I'm sure it'll happen with this thing, a clip of something will get Absolutely. And that's all they, no one will go watch It. No, no, no, no. And it'll get taken and turned into a whole different ordeal. Yes. It happens all the time. Yeah, Absolutely. That's just the, the culture. Did You listen to the whole video? No, I just saw the clip. Yeah. Sometimes didn't even see the clip. They just read A headline. Headline. Yeah. Yep. It's crazy.


Did Just read the thumbnails. Sometimes People just take a picture and put the words over the picture. It's crazy, bro. This is, this is the world we in. How did you get the, the Yeezy the modeling contract with Yeezy? Did was, was it a casting call? Nah. Did you, did you have the hookup? Yeah, I had a friend. Okay. Ian and he worked with Kanye West. Okay. And it's so crazy this when I was living in New York and man, I was so broke, I had no money, no nothing. And he was just like, come boss. And, and and I and, and I pulled up. Yeah. And he just, he just, he kind of like had the power to put me in it. Okay. It's so crazy. 'cause if you watch that thing, they had a curtain over us before the show started and I was in the back, I was on the last row in the back behind all the people.


Like I'm talking about like, I, I was still happy to be there, but I was like, nothing's gonna come from this. Yeah, yeah, you Too. Probably me. You know? And the last second, you know him and like, they took me and they put me right in the front right. Right before the curtain pulled off. They put me in the front, in the front row. And, and I, I like to say that that really did help my career. It just put a lot of eyes on me. You know, it, it, it kind of made it a thing of like, man, who was this kid? Who is this? And so that was cool. Yeah. You know what you mentioned, and you've mentioned ASAP about three or four times. How did you and ASAP become friends? Same person that put me in the, in the, in the Kanye thing.


And when I was in high school, I was, they used to call me when I was in school on FaceTime. And, and like, I remember one time I was like, I just got outta school. It was like an evening after school or something like that. And him and Tyler, the Creator and like all these guys called me and I was around all my high school friends and I was like, what the fuck? You know what I'm saying? Like, and, but it was just, I had a homie that was like, kind of telling him, like, kind of just brought me around, you know? And, and I did my own thing though. You know, I always tell people like, it's cool to like have a, a handout or have somebody in the industry, but people will always pay more attention and respect you more when they find out about you on their own.


You know, when they eyes come across you on their own versus someone like, yo check out such and such. Like if they just doing it, you making noise. If you just outside and you making noise, people will pay more attention and respect it more. You know? 'cause people respect when they find something they self and they think it's cool. Right. You know, versus like, I mean, I think you can still get the respect when you know, if somebody of good taste refers you. But when people come across you on your own, man, it's like, it's just a different energy. So that's why I was like, man, make noise. Right. Make noise. It's easy to make noise. The way that the internet is connecting now is so easy to make noise. Just be original, authentic and take a shot.


Take a shot and separate yourself, you know, In that show. Was that your First time ever meeting Kanye seeing Kanye? Or did you get an opportunity to interact with him? No, I didn't. That was the First time I saw him. I don't even think I saw him. Oh. I saw him right before we went out. Right. He came and checked all our outfits right before I ran out, but we went out. But yeah, I ain't say nothing to him at all. I ain't speak to Kanye for like a couple months after that until he invited me to his studio. He wanted to sign me actually. Damn. You're like, oh, all of a sudden you supposed to be you in the fashion show. Yeah. You at the back, they pull you to the front. I mean, I think, hey, you moving at warp speed now you go from being at the back to the front to potentially being signed, I mean from just being in college.


So like yeah. I, I think I had, but it wasn't, it wasn't overnight, but it felt like it, you know, A lot times sometimes feel overnight. Hell yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm about to be 30 now, bro, so Wow. Boy. Ooh 30. Yeah. Whoa, boy. That's what I'm saying. You only got so many summers left. That's I'm saying YI Know all y'all on the way out the door, so I Get it. You know what I'm saying? I Hey, y'all didn't tell you something? My grandma used to say what? The tree that's leaning the furthest don't always fall first. That was so country. Yeah, It is. So, but hey, when you driving your car, you gonna think about it? Yeah. Yeah. Damn. That was some country shit. The tree leaning the furthest don't always fall first.


Yeah. So you thinking I'm already out the door. Yeah. Hey I, it's possible, but I tell you what, I tell you what, at Brown Liquor, it's gonna keep leaning that tree. I know what I'm saying dude. But but shout out. Shout out. But you Say, I only got one life. Amen. And I, and I respect that. I swear. But we only got, see that's the thing. Right. It's like, it's weird. You gotta find this, this balance. You wanna find this healthy balance between living a good life and responsible and being healthy and taking care of yourself. Absolutely. And, and understanding that you only get to do this once and it's a, it's a tough balance.


Once is enough. Absolutely. But if you get so caught up in Oh, I gotta be healthy. Oh, I don't need to go out all, you know, if I go out and have a good time, I could get hurt or something could happen to me or you like you, you damn near go your whole life you'll be 90 and be like, damn, I didn't do nothing. Yeah. You can't live in a bubble. Fearful. Yeah. You gotta you gotta enjoy yourself. You gotta put yourself out there. You gotta really experience. Like, that's why when I always think about marriage, I always think I'm going off topic. My bad good girl. But like, when I think about marriage, I always think about I, I, whenever I do finally settle down and like I am ready to settle down, I'll have lived that life.


I won't have any curious bond in my body about doing anything like with some type of woman or with multiple women or whatever. 'cause I, I'll be done. I've lived that life. And that life is that, that life is passed me, it's beyond is behind me. Yeah. You know, when I find someone I do respect and want to settle down with, I won't have any like, like I, I, I respect, but I'd be very curious on people who like meet in high school and like, that's the only person you've been with. That's the only person you ever did anything with. I respect it, but it, it strikes curiosity in me. 'cause I'm just, I feel like does the human brain or does that like the human emotions not wander does it. And I think it does a lot of times, but maybe just the security and like that person, You be impressed to keep that under control.


Yeah. Yeah. I I I'm not, I'm not there. You Know, I'm not there and I, and I, but I want to be there. Right. 'cause it, I I do, I, my grandparents been together like 50 something years and I asked them at Thanksgiving last, last Thanksgiving, I said, what? How do y'all do it? And they both said space, you know, they, they, they give each other space to, to have their own time and they live their own lives. Right. You know, they, they, you know, do their things. You know, whether it's like his hobbies, it's his hobbies and her friends or her friends and they, they live life. Yeah. A lot of times as they get older, they live in the same house, but they don't sleep in the same bed.


They really just like pals Yeah. Roommates. I fuck With it. They they done raise the family, done got the kids, they got the grandkids. So that's just all about us. Yeah. You just roommates And if it works for them, it works. Absolutely. I think that, yeah. Well, lemme ask you this. How do you go from modeling in a Yeezy show to making music with Kanye? How the hell did that happen? Man, you got a funny voice. I, I thought I had a funny voice, but you got a funny voice. I don't, I get excited that go way up. I saw an animated character when you said that, but how did it happen?


How does anything happen in life? Chance, I guess and Preparation. Meet an opportunity. Yeah. And I guess when you want something and you just go for it. I think everything that's happened in my life, I've wanted, and I've told myself or like God, like, Hey, I want to do this. I want to be at this. I want to be in this place in life. I want to be here. I want to live like this. I wanna, I wanna, I wanna look better physically. I wanna, whatever. I mean, whatever it was, I, I, I set that goal out.


I didn't just like lackadaisical go through life. Like ah, yeah. Like I'll do it one day. Like I said, I need to do that. I wanna do this. And I guess it kind of helped me clear pathway, you know, especially early on. I've done so much now, you know, again, like I always say such A young age. You say you're about to be 30 and you've been having the, you've been on this journey since you what, 17? Yeah, 17 is when I really truly started. I'm 27. I'm about to be 28. So like, it, it, it just happened so fast, but, but I did so much at a young age and I feel like I'm not even at, like, I'm not even close to my peak. Like, I feel like I got another like 20 years of just doing, you know?


So. Yeah. What about this? There was a social media comedian that used your song in one of his, one of his skits Call skits. Callon Fox was his name. And you felt that really like, Oh, it jumpstarted everything. Yeah. It was like a, it was just the first viral moment involving me and it took, it just took the song through the roof. But again, if that song was connected to some like, random guy who just like, just made a record, it would've just been that song. But it was You with the red hair, the, with The image, with the, with the other songs with it. And like, I, I, I, I continuously hit that pot.


You know, like I ain't just had put that out and like that I banked off that I continuously hit that pot. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, and tried and everything didn't work, but like, I tried even to this day don't work. You know, like, I don't, you, You gotta be okay with that. Yeah. Failure happens, right? But if you continuously do the same thing that you succeeded at, eventually people will get tired of it and eventually you will get thrown to the curb because people grow in life, right? No one is the same for five years. Yeah. Three or one year you change. Right? Like so, So naughty had to keep reinventing himself. Well I just, It just, for one, I liked so many things, so like, I didn't even want to do the same thing, but you just gotta think about it in a standpoint from like, you heard a great song, right?


Yes. And the song is a hit record. Yeah. And at the time when you had that song, you was dating this chick you loved, she loved it. Y'all loved it. Y'all rolling together. Y'all heard it. If y'all is out eating, y'all heard it, y'all. This is our jam. We vibe and we at the club. This is our record. You break up with her Band, don't play that ish. I don't wanna hear that anymore. Right? You got a new girlfriend? Yeah. I don't want to hear that record anymore. Okay. Or, or like, or, or the song came out and man, when that song came out, man, you was gang banging, right? And, and, and you was just like, you, you love scraping the pot, man. You was making crack from 2:00 AM Yeah. To 5:00 AM You just, was you, crack was your thing. You had crack and then you sold it. Then you met Jesus, right?


Right. Five Jesus. So you had no pot scraping no more. Huh? You don't wanna do that No more, right? Right. So now you're like, ah man, I don't, this remind me of that time and like, nah. Well even with clothes, it's like, man, when this song came out, man, we dressed it like this. And So you just gotta keep going. That's why Kanye West is such a visionary, you know? That's why Drake is such a visionary, talented creator, such a visionary, right? They have always reinvented the wheel. Jay-Z. You know, like these guys are like, they, they, they're with the current times, you know, and that's why they'll always be respected and looked at in such a highlight Prior to that comedian using that song in a skit.


Did you know who he was? Nope. No. And I think I only met him one time, but I've always showed love to him. Right. Socially, you know, I hope he is. Well I think he's from San Francisco. You break him off a little something. No, I ain't do that. God Come you. But he never asked. You got a closed mouth, don't get fed. You Throw him a little piece. Throw him a little something now. Like, what? You gotta got something coming for you, bro. Damn. That's so crazy. That's so crazy. I don't even know who he is right now. Yeah, he you. He'll he'll know where you're after this. I bet. He'll, I bet the fuck. He'll, I bet the fuck. You Look at the older rappers, they wouldn't, they they wasn't feeling you.


What? Hell no. What, what is it about? None Of us. It wasn't just me. They weren't feeling our generation. Yes. It was a, it was a clash. It was a divide, I think. But I mean, lemme ask you a question. Yeah. When you see all these young, think before you started like really killing it on TV and, and you got this beautiful podcast and you making a beautiful name for yourself and your second life. Yeah. All these athletes coming in, and you may not have been that guy, but was there not athletes who was like Yeah, they Yeah, they is. You see it all the time. They be hating on the young because they making so much money. Right. I mean, I remember like the Pro Bowl, now they make like a hundred thousand. We made 5,000 for the losers, 10,000 to the winners. And you see guys making 60 million and they getting 200, $300 million contracts.


But when I came along, the money that I was making, the guys in the forties, forties and the fifties weren't making that. So they could have easily been envious of us. Push it forward. I did what I did. I moved on. I'm good. I'm happy for the guys, I cheer for Travis Kelsey and, and, and Gronk and all those other guys. I had my time, right. I was born. Yeah. Mom, you meant to tell me. My, my mom had me, she was 25. I'm like, mom, you couldn't wait till 30 32 so I could have got some of this bread. Right? She's like, nah, man. I was done. Yeah. I was done After that. After that. She, like, I started at 17, I was done at 25. Yeah. But no, I, I'm not, I've never been a jealous, jealous type. And I see that a lot with rappers. I see a lot with athletes and other, and actors and actresses.


Oh, let these young people, you had your moment. Yeah. You can't stay, you can't stay on top of 50, 60 years. Right. I think I, I, I, I, everyone doesn't have that mindset. And I think that it came around. I think I, I hate saying I think so many times, but I believe that people just didn't think we were here to last. Right. It felt like a fad at first man. Right. Because it was, it wasn't, it wasn't ca comprehendible comp comprehendible at the time. We were just like kids with colored hair and we dressed different and hip hop stood for something different. At the time it was more like, it was trap music. It was the streets.


It was, and it's still, those still play a big part in it, you know what I'm saying? But, but The internet now, Yachty, it can happen just like that. And they had to take step by step and boom. Oh yeah. Pass mix tapes And club. You have a little song and it get catchy. You get picked up on, on TikTok or we get picked up on something And it's a good and a bad thing. Right. Because now we have a lot of like circulating. Yeah. It's the same with, even with the podcast, it's just like with the, everyone being able to have a mic now, it's just like a lot of ignorance gets spread widely quickly. And that didn't used to happen. You know, like when you had to get watch TV and you got, you only heard music on the radio and on tv it was a lot harder.


Yes. You know, even like getting news. That's why we get so much false news now, because anyone can pro can, can just publish it. But that's life. You know? You gotta roll with the punches. You know, you take the good with the bad, You know, they call it mumble rap. Did you ever, I mean, did, did they ever make you question yourself? Hell nah. I was never mumbling. Right. Ever. I, like, I understand it was the, like, a lot of, a lot of the peers were, I wasn't, whether I was like rapping at the highest level or not, I never mumbled. It was never like a part of my like thing, but whatever. I was like, bro, I really made money.


Oh, I believe it. So with the, with that being said, like, I, I fe negative feedback never really bothered me. It just tickles me a bit. You know, like all the narratives that I ever see about myself. Like, there's a narrative online. There's so many narratives about me. It's narratives that I'm a colorist tickles me. Right. I'm not a colorist at all. Like I, that makes no sense. Right. But I'm just private about my dating life, you know? But the people I have been seeing with have been rather, rather on the lighter side. Yeah. Yeah. You Know, I'm saying, I mean, you, you kind of like a blue. I I ain't saying that's who I got Caught with. They high, you know, that's, that's who I got caught with. I got caught on the lighter side. But like, I, I, I like all walks of women.


Mm. You know, I, I all tall, Small. What seems like the one that catch you walking with, look, I Caught. Yeah. I got caught walking light. Right. And bright Damn near white. Kind of tight, But, but you like what? You like Yachty, But I like all things. Yes. Like, I'm not a, I'm not a freaking colorist. Right. And I don't, I don't know where this narrative came from. Like, like, I don't know the people, women just think I'm a bad guy. Really? Yeah. It's crazy. I love women. Yeah.


Seriously though. No, but you know what, you mentioned something earlier, you mentioned like you never wanna stay the same and you're always trying to constantly involve. Yeah. So how were you, when did, when did that thought, when did that come to your head like, man, you know what? I'm doing this and I'm doing really good at it, but in order for me to sus to be able to sustain and grow, I need to improve in certain areas. Shit. Failing. I ain't been on, I ain't had a, a hot career for 10 years. Right. You know, I had some down periods. Right. I had periods when like I was killing it and I was like making the most money I ever made. Then I had periods when my money cut in half. Like my show prices cut in half in the attendance at the shows cut in half. And my bill on festivals went up, you know, went from performing later to performing higher Right.


In the show. Like, you know, and, and this is later in my career and I, and you know, not that it really matters, but like, my social appearance dropped. My likes on, my pictures went down. And like, how many people started watching my story went down. I watched all these things. So it was, there was a time period when I was like, man, things are changing. And I, and I had a certain lifestyle that was like really? Yeah. That I had to uphold, you know? And so I had to figure out ways of reinventing my wheel, you know, and just showing people, 'cause I care so much. Like, I love money, but I also care about the craft. And I care about music and I care about artists and I care about musicians who do great things.


And I like to be in that conversation. 'cause I respect music and I hear it and I, I breathe it and I want to make sure I'm a part of that. So I was like, how do I do that? You get your ass in the studio, you know, you wanna be a part of the greatest athlete. So actors, you get your ass in your craft and you show 'em. Right. And I still got tons of work to do. And I, and that's what keeps me going. I enjoy, I don't, I don't ever want to be like, You don't ever wanna become complacent. Absolutely not. But I don't think I can. It's impossible for me because I enjoy doing so many things. Right. Like, even if I was to which not saying that happen, guys, don't fry me. But if I was become the best rapper of all time, I would then want to be like the best like rock artist or like pop art.


I would just, I wanna do something else. Right? Right. So I never become, So you Don't wanna scale them out and just get up there and bask. You wanna find another amount to climb. It's just fun to do. You know, all of it is fun to do. 'cause it's limitless. Right? You know, there's no, I don't have a coach. I don't have a, a director. I don't have, there's no direction. And it's also the hardest part about it because there's no one telling you which way to go. You know, music is like, when you get to a certain level of music, you gotta think about it, man. These labels, they genuinely, they like, they thrive off money. So if you sign to a label, regardless how much they tell you, oh man, like we, we, you're creative and we do your thing and they make money.


They thrive off of you making money, right? So they want you to make hit records, right? And a hit record. Think about, think about the concept of a hit record. You, you're making a song for people, right? That you do not know. I don't know any of you guys. Right? Like, I respect you, you love me, you're a fan, thank you so much. I don't know you. Right? So I'm supposed to be like, like it's two sides of music. You, it's the people who made music for themselves, right. And what they love and what they like. Right? And then you have artists who like deliberately are trying to make a hit record. Right?


Get the most anticipated new releases with a Disney plus Hulu Max MLE up for an adventure always on Max. The HBO original, the white Lotus returns. What Is this place? Explore the Marvel universe with what if on Disney plus Avenger a symbol. And on Hulu read between the Lies on Paradise. You are The last to see the president alive Plus so much more. Here we go. It's the ultimate bundle for an unbelievable price. With plans starting at 1699 a month terms apply, visit Disney plus hulu max bundle.com for details.


Whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one, get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


I'm Grant and I'm your new Bachelor. A B, C Mondays. Is this real? Is he real? The Bachelor is back and the ladies are head over heels tall, handsome, smart. He's perfect. It's an all new season of romance. I'm 110% ready to fall in love. My love story's gonna happen. And Of course, drama. These other girls are dating my boyfriend. You act like you don't care. He knows how I feel. I did not know how hard this would be. The Bachelor Monday's eight, seven Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through, it's true magic because we came to play bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort,


Right? Like they want to Knock it out. Is that what the parties, is that when you're going out there instead of making you trying? Yes, absolutely. Absolutely. You know, when you out there trying to do what you think is popular, a lot of artists do that, you know, and then some do what they like. And then that's, that kind of shows, you know, taste level. If you do what you like and it goes, you got good taste. If you do what you like, it's like the sucks two things. Either your taste is terrible or they just not there yet. Right. Kanye West always did what he wanted to do and sometimes people don't understand it at first, and he had to come around to it later. Tyler just dropped the album doing what he wanted to do and people loved it. You know? So I think it's all about, I don't know, man, everyone, everyone's path is different in life.


You know, that's the one thing I always say, like, you can give advice to a certain extent, but like, my success won't be yours. You know, how I came up and the things that I did, it may not necessarily be your, your path to your key, you know, not to say that there isn't a path for you, it's just that it's not always the same, you know? So I, I try to give people advice with like, stipulations almost like, like, this is what happened for me. But like, you know, but if I do see something that I can clearly see is off, I always try to, you Know, partake some wisdom. Yeah, of course. Because ain't nobody do it for me. Right. Until like, I got older, but in the beginning of my career, I didn't have it.


Your dad was a famous photographer. He worked with Outkast, Kanye, West Luda and more. Did your dad, you ever go to work with your dad? Sometimes. Not always, but it, I, I would, I would come to his house after work. Okay. And he'd have all the, like, it, it'd be like, it'd be like, I didn't, it'd be like, I didn't see him kill somebody, but I would come over and it'd be like bullet shells everywhere. What I mean by that is that he'd have all these pictures, all these folks just like, so like, I didn't, I never seen him do it, but I would see it and be like, and he'd be like, yeah, this was last Friday and this was Saturday. And I, and he flew around a lot. He was always gone to be like, yeah, he always went to places.


My dad was always, he's a big traveler and he's never home for you like To travel too hard. That's when he hate traveling. You hate traveling. I hate traveling. How you gonna be a, how you gonna be an artist and you hate traveling? Look, But I, I hate traveling for leisure. Okay. You know, because I'm always on the road and I don't like hotel rooms. They have no life. They have no, they have no Personality. Yeah. It's just a stock photo on the wall, a really tightly tucked bed and bad furniture and a TV with no channels, you know, and sometimes it's shower with bad water pressure. Yeah. That, that's, that's true. Yeah.


Lemme ask you what, what did you, what did you learn most from your dad? Just to be myself, you know, like I said, my dad used to drive a Mercedes station wagon, a vintage one. And at the time I didn't understand old cars when I was young. It was like dad, this cold car's oldest, you know, like my mom had a new Beamer, but not new, but like newer. Yeah. And my dad drove vintage cars, you know, and, and he wore what he wanted to wear at the time when I was young. Nike was the, my dad wore new balances. I used to be like, dad, what the, are these, why are you wearing these? Right. You know? And when I was younger it just took a lot for me to understand my father did what he wanted to do.


You know, when I grew up, my dad, I, I would see my dad when I was young every other weekend for the most part. Unless he had to work. And he was never like a, he was never like a, like my dad never was like, see them, they gay. We don't do that. You know, like he wasn't one of like, I used to hang around friends who? Parents. They were like that. Right. My dad was like, he was a real, like, accepting person of everything. You know? He, he was real like, life is just life. Right. You know, almost like a hippie. But he wasn't a hippie, but he was kind of like, he kind of embodied, like He was very uncommon for a black man in the south.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He was, he was, my dad was different. Is I'm talking like, he dead his own. Like, he, he's different. He's a different guy. Right. And, and growing up, I think I, and he listened to all types of music and I think he just taught me to like, do you. Right. You know? And like, if that's what you like, by the way, I'm talking about things not sexuality. Right. Yeah. But like, if that's what you like, like if you like to wear slacks with tube socks or, or skinny jeans or loose jeans or even a curl mustache or crazy hair, whatever, do it. You know? And it's crazy 'cause he didn't tell me these things.


Right. I just saw it in him. Right. I saw him dress how he wanted to dress. And I, because he never said when you showed up with LA certain way, like, boy, what you got that on for? Never. He never Did. Why you looking Like that? He never, he honestly used to always be like, ah, you look cool or like, okay. He always was like, you know, you look fresh or whatever. And, and he always played. I think I also went through him playing so much music. I like, I'd be studying things. Like when I was in school I wanted to be a psychologist. Right. So like, I study things. So like, even if you would play certain music, I'd go and then I'd go look at their videos or see 'em perform live or look at their pictures and, and then, you know, if you listen to rock music, they dress differently. And you know, they, their shows are different and their interviews are a little bit different and their charisma is different.


And so I would just deep dive into all these different things. And so without him even like, probably knowing that it was just unlocking a much more a free A Free or yachty. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? A free of a, a man who just, I wasn't ever really judgemental. I never really cared. And I just mind my business. I don't really care what nobody else got going on. Since your dad worked in the industry, he knew Coach K. You were that rep only for a year. Yo people are like, man, Yachty a playing. It Wasn't even a, yeah, I didn't, well explain it. Tell me what a plant is because I, because I hear this term a lot of times.


Yeah. Yeah. What is a plant now? 'cause I'm thinking, you know, I grew up on a farm and I know what the definition of a plant, what we talking about. We had to plant tobacco. We had to plant seeds and crops to grow. But what's an industry plant? You plant tobacco? Yeah. Damn. I grew about three miles south of here. Okay. Rural, rural South Georgia. Where Glenville Never heard of it. Okay, Cool. You know of Savannah? Yeah. I'm about 60 miles from Savannah. Four South or close up Like inland. Okay. Savannah's right on the coast. I'm a little inland. Okay, cool. Cool. Southeast. Cool. Cool, cool. Yeah. A industry plan is basically so crazy 'cause you don't really like, you have 'em, but like, they don't really succeed like back in the day.


Like, but it, it's basically just like a, a, a artist that was made in house and, and it's put in position with other artists to kind of blend in, Block their blessed, Well not even block, but just kind of to blend in and kind of like skip the line. Okay. You know, like, you kind of like, if like if Def Jam found an artist and, and they felt potential and they just kind of stuck him next to future, you know, and like kind of tried to like how the hell you get a song with future. Like how do you know, or, or anybody. It don't even gotta be future. Right. Even anybody. I'm not saying like future, but just like anyone that's kind of like, wouldn't industry plan, it's just someone that is moving at the speed of light and it doesn't make sense how they're growing so fast, you know?


But now it's just the, it's just the way social media works. People can really overnight and explode. You know? And it had nothing to do with sometimes the, honestly, this industry, they don't even know how to market a lot of artists. It's just so either you know how to work social media or it just works for you. These labels really don't be doing what they doing to be honest. Right. That's truth. That's the real truth. So, but when you, you obviously you've heard that because they say you skipped the line now, man, how Yadi was right here one day. And next thing I know he in Kanye, he in Kanye fashion show. Yeah. He doing music with Kanye, blah, X, Y, and Z. So how did that make you feel? You just keep your head down and say, y'all keep talking.


I'm gonna keep making this bread. And I, I don't worry about what y'all Say. You know, I didn't care because I was, I I was, I was so set, you know, like the thing with me was negativity never bothered me because I, I realized that like, this world really is so big and I, I started to get the perception that the reason you see so much hatred is because the people hating. That's what they spend their time doing. You know, you got so many people that love you Right. And that cherish you and respect you. They're just living life. You know, you're not gonna spend your time like telling someone how, how much you just, oh, I just love you.


Some people will. Yeah. But you, you go on about your day. Right. You know, if you listen though yacht and you love 'em, you in school, you at work. You just, you're just doing it. You love 'em in life. You know, you go to a show, you support buy me, but you're not gonna spend all day talking about how much you love 'em. You just do it dude. Right. So like, when I was like doing things and, and you know, people would come to me in the street or I would do a show or like, I was just growing. It's like, okay, well someone loves me. Correct. It's not like my bills are paid. You feel me? So like I, people just have more time to hate. It's a certain type of person. And it's only online. I've never met anybody in the street that says I hate Shannon Sharp man. Nobody or I dislike em ever. And why you come up with that name, man? You know how, and you make, you make black people look bad by smoking Black and Milds and drinking Brown Lick on tv.


Well, I've never heard anybody, no One's ever told me to my face that you suck. Nobody. You can't. It's only online. But you know what I had to, I had to learn because you know, my sister say Shannon, there's no possible way you could be ascending like you are and have more haters than supporters. But it took me a while because the thing is what, when you play a sport, Yachty, if you like, you are in an arena and they could be like 80,000 fans cheering. Yeah. We love you. 84. We love you Shark. It's that 1000 that's booing that somehow is able to drown out the 80,000 that's cheering. Yeah. And I had to learn to tune my ear, to tune my, to not hear the booze, but only hear the applause. And it took me a while to get over that.


Absolutely. Because when I was playing, I understood Steeler fans disliking me. 'cause I played for the Broncos and the Ravens. Right. I understood that then. But now I'm like, what is it that I, what is it that I'm doing in my life that causes you to dislike me so much? I think that people just have insecurities in themselves. And so they, they they, they mask it by taking it out on someone else. You know, your comfort maybe as a man. Yeah. You know, your masculinity and the things that you enjoy and the things that, that you're comfortable doing, you know, it can make someone so uncomfortable because they aren't comfortable, you know. And I, I, I feel no way for 'em.


I have no pity because I love myself. Right. You feel me? And now I'm at the point. Now I look good. I smell good. I feel good. And I guarantee you any sisters or exes or current girlfriends that you may be involved with or have in your life feel the same way. So all the side talk is irrelevant at this point. I'm speaking directly in the camera. 'cause I know you watching this hating at this very moment. I want you to understand That Anytime you spend time being negative on me, I'm someone like smiling.


Y'all heard it? He looked directly in the camera. Yeah. He's talking to a specific group of people. Y'all hate masks. Yeah. When you sign that big deal with quality, quality control. Yeah. What was the first thing that you did? You got your first meal. I blew that check in a week. What, how much was it? Like 1.3? I think In a week. Yeah. What the hell you buy New York City, Man. The second I got the, I'll never forget, I was in my mom's house and we lived in that same house my entire life. And I had two of the homies they was living in. I had this real small room and I, I would, I remember I signed a deal, but it took like two, almost three weeks for the check to clear. Okay. So every day I woke up, I checked my bank account, woke up not there, woke up not there.


Woke up, not there. One day I woke up, a motherfucker was in there, man. I was screaming. I was jumping. I was like, what the Fuck? I'm rich. M Rich. I went straight to Mercedes. Fuck you talking about gwa? I need that. Right? I said, damn, I can't be gwa mama ain't got no car. Okay. Range over. You know what I'm saying? Penthouse grandma need a car. You know what I'm saying? Gucci. I need everything in this bitch, every color. I was going crazy. I was, I was 18. I was that money up. So quick. Hold on. So you look, you look at like, hold on. I just had 1.3 and now I just got the Three.


No, I didn't think about it. It was just gone. And I never looked, bro. It took years for me to look at my bank account. I was making so much. And also I was so hot. Like I was making so much money. Like I spent a million and, and that million in a week. But like, I probably made it back in the next two weeks. Like I was making so much money and I never, I didn't even have a password to my bank account. If I started at 18, I probably didn't have a password to my bank account until I was like 24. Yeah. My mom just marketed, my mom was my business manager and she checked it, but I never checked my bank account. My card's never declined. I was, I did the, I wanted when good fuck. I woke up for like buying a Bentley. I went and bought that Bentley.


I, I I, it was crazy bro. It didn't really make any sense the way I was living. It was, it was insane. So yeah, I spent that money in a week. So what, what would you say, what was some, what was the worst purchase you made? What was the best thing that you did once you got some money? I think it's All stupid. You know, you only, you only go to one place at one time. What you need so many cars for, you know, right now I got like 13 cars. For what? Yeah. No, I think it's stupid. Downsize to get two or three downsize Yachty. Like you just said, you could only drive one. I I like cars. I know. I think it's, I think it's all a stupid obsession. You know, even watches. Why do we have so many watches? No, not that she did that. Now you talking about you watch, I see that.


I see that thing over there. You this Little, you know. But why, why do we need so many protects? You know, why do we need, so why do we have That's that's an open for over. Yeah. You know, Overworked. I mean you got, But why do we need so many? I don't even look at this for Tom. You know, like, Nah, nah. You let people know you're time Valuable. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's true. That's true. Because I, I do, it's so crazy. When I am shopping, I feel like, you know, they kind of overlooking me as I'm standing in there. I do sometimes I be like, y'all got any signs, love? And Yeah. And they like, oh yes. We, they start bringing stuff. I like. Yeah. Yeah. They that's what I thought. That's a great watch is a conversation piece. Absolutely. They might not know who you are, but they look at your wrist and they see a rollie and they see an ap, they see a protect.


Yeah. They like, okay, Aran. Yeah. Yeah. A constant. They yeah. They know you mean something. Yes. Yeah, that's true. They might not know who you are, but we, we need to give this young man our undivided detention. Absolutely. And then they see the That's True. Yeah. I think that's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's, that's I mean what I mean. But I think you could do that with one watch if you got one good one. Yeah. I go, I got too many watches. I don't even wanna talk about it, but like, it is like all, I got so many things though I could say. Like, I just, like, if I, what I do tell people, it's like, man, bro, save your money. 'cause I don't care about any of this stuff. I got thousands of tennis shoes that I'll never win there.


Eventually they'll go bad. Yeah. You know, like they will, I end up selling just, just so like in November, like 313 pair, You feel me? Like, and it's just shit that you just, you just do. Yeah. Right. Having all them cars, they go bad 'cause the weather conditions. Yeah. They're sitting outside. Fucking I, I went, I go through these different phases. Like one time I went through a phase, I bought every video game system console ever made. Why? And it wasn't like I was buying 'em, like just buying them used like I need 'em in pristine brand new conditions. So I was spending the top dollar and it just sitting in the corner, you know, I had a weird obsession with toys at one point, like collectibles. And it's just sitting in a box and it's like in boxes. And it's like, I spent like thousands and thousands.


I go so crazy and obsessed and then like, I never do nothing with this stuff. So I, I always tell people like right. Even jewelry, in the beginning of my career, I was spending millions on custom jewelry that like, it's just worth nothing. You know, or in, in my case, It's only worse. Something to you. Well in my case, my house got broken into, it was all taken. Right. So it's like, it's just no point. Like of course spoil yourself and do good things for yourself and reward yourself, but don't overboard it. You know, like do something nice and enjoy it and be, be like, do do something that's gonna make you more money. You know? Because I spent a lot of money on things that ain't, it brought me happiness in the Moment is negotiating asset. Absolutely.


Right. So like, but it's important to have people around. I'll say like, when you get into an industry and you start doing, making a name for yourself, surround yourself with people who have been there, you know, so that you can be pointed in certain directions by people who have been down that path before. 'cause when I came in, I didn't have anyone, right. When QC first signed me, they were coming from a independent label to just now signing to it becoming a major label of capital records. And so, and before me, they had a lot of street artists. Right? And so it was kind of like, we were same time coming into like Right. A different level of money right. Together. So like we just, we didn't, I didn't have no one over my shoulder.


Like, do this with your money. Do that with your money. Don't buy that. That's dope. Excuse me. Don't do that. Don't do. Nah, I didn't have it, you know? But I, I grew up and, and, and caught a better understanding. But man, there's so many ways to, to to, to take that money and make it back. Flip For real. You brought two neighbors lake houses because they were too close to yours. One what? I bought one and then I bought. Yeah. I bought you Brought, you said, hey brought, lemme get that off. He Was, he was a good, a nice guy. He, he threw a lot of parties and, and he would always have these pool parties and they were loud and I could always, I look at my window and they were always looking over at my house like, like, like, like looking over in there.


And I was like, I hated that Because he had done told 'em, you know, who lived next door? Well Everyone in the neighborhood knew I lived there. It was weird. Okay. Like, because people would come through the boats blasting my music on the speakers to see if I would come outside. And You did you go outside? Hell no. You know, but it was like, even in the beginning, they used to bring me cookies to like my house before I got security. They cool though. It's just white people being white people. Yeah. Being neighborly. Huh? Unless you like that couple in Ohio and ask why were you, why were you, that's not your house. But we'll talk about that another day. Lemme ask you this. Hold on. You spent 90, a hundred thousand on veneers. Yeah. And a million dollars on Diamond.


Yeah. On the implants. 16 carrots. Yeah. Y'all, I mean, unless you smile really, really big, you can't see 'em. You know what I'm saying? It's just The mind says everything. When you go up and talk to somebody, you always smiling and you laughing and you and people face. Yeah. But you can't beat the cavity creep now, Man. Nah. Hell nah. But you know what I'm saying? Like, women love it. They do. They women like a good Oh, you have a pretty smile. They Love women. Love a good smile, clean nails, smooth skin and a good scent. I, That's the key. And I wanna say they like a good physique too, but I'm starting to meet women who don't care anymore.


Like, I meet women who like chubby boys or like, because you like what you like. But I think that, Well you can be chubby and young. You can't be chubby and old. That's True. You, I gotta, I gotta stay. I, I ain't gonna lie to you. I gotta stay in the weight room. I'm right about to be 57 Yachty. So, you know, And I think it's just accustomed to you probably at this point, right? Like, like is that not just a part of your your It Is, but I know like I'm getting, I'm aging out of a demographic. I'm aging into a demographic that I, I can't, you know what I'm saying? When I was in my twenties and thirties, you gonna Around? Yeah. Nah. Slim picking for you. Boy. That's true. That's true. Especially When you that no aren. You good. Now When you see this, the thing with people like you man, y'all get to some age and you still like them young.


You like, yeah, yeah, yeah. You like the same age girls? I like, okay. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Right. When you get to a certain age, I'm getting old, but my eyesight's still young. Right. Okay. And with that, you got, you gotta uphold a certain way. 'cause you can be old and sloppy. You can get, you get one or the other. Right. Young and sloppy or older than shake. Exactly. Or you going to get older than shake women guess No, no, no. Nah. Get together. Exactly. So we could do more face, more Instagram live experiences. There You go. See? There you go. Y Exactly. That was just a, that was just a audio.


If Ms. Pat said that was for the, that was for the, the visually impaired. Ah, ah, that was for those who do braille. Yeah, those, I get it. Okay. Those who can't see. I read, I read what your monthly expenses were like 52 KA month. Oh, they down you down now? Yeah. I'm double You double now. Yeah. You supposed to be going the other way, Yachty. No, I'm at a hundred now for sure. Oh man. Yeah. Is that more than you? Hell yeah. Damn. What you mean you're more way, way more than me. Really? Yes. Absolutely. Always. You never was there? No, I ain't got no brand like that.


I I ain't had that money poured in like that Cap. Why you sitting had CI Yachty. I'm gonna tell you one thing I do. Num I'm a, I'm a professional pocket watcher. All, all I do is watch people. It's all I do. Okay. And last night I was on CL YouTube channel and these views are substantial and I know how YouTube payment goes and I know how ad revenue goes. You do all right. I do. Okay. Are sure you do Damn. Okay. In capital letters. So we ain't gonna see and act like you, you gonna do all right now? You do damn well. I do, I do pretty good. You I do pretty good. You damn Good. Yeah. Yeah. C you know CJ who we've been together, CJ and I, he worked with me at Fox and when I left I brought it with me.


He, he, he and I ep the show. Yeah. We've done a great job. Now This this podcast is, man, you are doing amazing things. Appreciate it. I've never seen that. Well, I, I, I maybe maybe, maybe fucking buddy, but like, ain't too many podcasts. You can go down they whole, it's just like good views. I mean, your views are, they Look good. We put, we put, we do the best high tech cameras. Yeah. CJ and I, we come up with guests that we think are gonna be very, very interesting. Have a great story to tell. Yeah. The way we produce it, the graphics, the editing, the, Yeah. I mean, but you also, it's also you, you know? Yes. You can't, you cut yourself, yourself short. You, you are more than half of this, this show.


You know, people come here because people respect you and people think value you and value that their time is in good, good hands with you. Yes. So you, you play a big part. I definitely allow them to tell their story. Yeah. And that's why the videos are so long. It's because I'm not trying to, or I only got an hour. I want you to tell your story in this entirety and don't, don't feel like you man, there. I left something else. I wish I could've shared this with this individual. I like for people to tell their story. Invest. And that's respectable. Thank you. Investments. So now you spend, you gotta invest something y Yeah. Hell yeah. Clearly You invest in diamonds. I invest in a lot of things. I don't wanna, I don't wanna talk about none of my investments, but crypto, I, I, man I did crypto.


I was a scammer. I went to jail for scamming. Right. So, damn On how you scamming Poe, Man. I was, I was poor. Right. And so like, I was, I was buying Bitcoin in 2014, you know, we was buying Bitcoins and, and none of that other stuff was just solely Bitcoin because that was how we went on the black web. Yeah. And that's how I bought your information. That's how I had your grandma's social, you know, they only paid, you could only pay in Bitcoin and it was dumb. And then you get a Bitcoin back then for like five grand. Yes. 2,500. Yeah. Because I had a guy and I was just, I was showing someone that he a buddy of mine and he is like, Hey, I'm just doing this 'cause you know, I like you, you are a good friend of mine. And I was just an opportunity to buy Bitcoin.


He said, I can sell you 10 now and I can sell you 10 every six months, but it'll cost you 25. It'll cost you $2,500 a coin. What year is this? This is the 2015. Wow. I didn't know anything about it. Yachty. Wow. So, you know, if I don't know anything about it, I say, nah, I can't do that, bro. I said, I can't do that. Ooh, I know you, how you feel now about that though? I'm sick. Oh, I'm sick because he's gonna sell me 10 coins at 2,500. Was he A good, was he a good friend? Did you trust him? Yeah, I, I had met him about five or six times at and saw him at different places. And so I was like, man, why not just buy? Why not just buy 10? I mean, I, I would've, I would've, I'd never, I would've been, I would've been, We do that though.


I I've done that so many times and I I when you beat yourself up about it. But I think that's the thing alike. Sometimes you gotta take those chances you do. You know, you But who would've knew? No, I wouldn't. I I I'm tell you, I was buying Bitcoin and I'm talking about, I was buying it with no money. Like had I knew to just keeping the account and hold some of that stuff instead of buying credit information. Yeah. I would've been a, I would've been a millionaire, you know? But I way more, but I would've never, because What is the coin now? A hundred thousand? I was paying, I Think it went down a little bit, but yeah, it's way more than, let's Just say it's 80,000 and you know, you could buy, I could bought 10 initial and then 10 every six months. Let's just say I buy 50. Yeah, you would've been, you would've been probably been doing something different right now.


Yeah. Yeah. Nah, nah, I still, I still have been doing this. But the That's beautiful. Then. Look, They would've never known I had Bitcoin. Yeah. But they'd have been signs. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Right. You know, I come to work on an elephant. Right. And there's a signage, Shannon. I'm not saying, I'm just saying I want Elephant. Absolutely. Absolutely. I get it for sure. Yes. I get it. They would know I'm little Yachty. All right. Y everywhere. Lemme Ask you, lemme ask you a question because I, I I I think we both get, this is what happens a lot with us, is that friends asking to invest in something of theirs, trying to help friends out. You shaking your head Yadi you shaking your head. Goodness. Oh my goodness. This is a part of being black and successful.


Yeah. How do you say no? Me, it's easy. No, Really? Yeah. Not like that. You, I think that's an older mentality. Like y'all just, y'all comfortable with No. Yeah. I think you gotta be if you don't put limit. What about when you was in the league? Was it easy to then Yeah. Yeah, because I didn't, I've never really had a whole bunch of friends. Okay. I've had my friends and we cool. We were cool when I was in the league and, and when I was in college and we're cool now. And so for me, because you have to put limits, you have to put limits on what you give. Because takers will never put limits on what they take. So if you just give, give, give, they'll take, take, take. Yeah. And then the moment you tell 'em No, you ain't Ish, then you fake.


Yeah. Yeah. Did all, But you got all that Money. Yeah. Did all your friends do something? Were they all No. No. My friend, one of my college friends, he's still, he's still one of my best friends. I really, I say I got two best friends. Okay. Keith Burns and Darryl McCormick. And we are like brothers. I ain't gonna say we like brothers. We are brothers. The only thing the difference is we don't have the same blood. We don't have the same parents, anything like that. Right. But, 'cause I look at, this is how I measure my friend Yadi. If the roles were reversed, I was in their shoes. They were in my shoes, they would help me just like I helped them. Absolutely. That's like that, That's, that's the only, that's the only way I can measure a friend. If the roles were reversed, how would he treat me?


And if think and if shit gets sticky y they gonna, who gonna be there? They Gonna ride. You know what I'm saying? But they, but what I like, I think what I like most about 'em Yadi is that they tell me what I need to know, not what I want to hear. Because even though we've been friends for 30 plus years, that's important. My homeboy say, homeboy, you know, you my homeboy and I love you, but you were wrong in this situation. You shouldn't have said that. That's important. You shouldn't have done that. That's important Because a lot of times people will tell you what you want to hear because they don't want that bus to stop and you open the door and ask them to get off. So they go, yeah, man, you right man, you not a way to tell them. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. And it's so crazy. That's the thing about when you get into this industry, man, you, it's so hard to tell.


It is. You know, so many people want to just ride pause Jesus. So, so like, but you it, but but they dis they dis disguise themselves. Yeah. You know, and, and sometimes it take a real nasty incident for you to find out. You know, I'm so, like, I'm so used to just like people turning their backs. They're like, I'm so numb. I'm so used to like doing for people and like being there for people and like them just like sliming or snaking or like, You can do something for people a hundred times, but it's that 1 0 1 that you don't do that all of a sudden You, and now you're a bad guy.


I did a hundred things for a hundred people. Yeah. But that's the devil, you know? Yeah. Yeah. You know those saying the devil will never show up as the devil because if he did, he wouldn't let you, you wouldn't let him in your circle. Yati. Damn. He said, I gotta show up as a friend. 'cause I gotta get close to you. If I showed up as the devil, you actually gonna do the deal. Some people will. It all depends on what It's at the end of it, huh? Yeah. What that deal, what that deal entailed. Yeah. Well I think a lot of people do a lot of things for small rewards. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock Elite gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo,


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.