
This is an iHeart podcast.


Yeah. We're taking over times Square's JD Sports for a special draft takeover. We're chopping it up with the next generational hoop stars, top picks, fresh fits and real talk catch exclusive interviews behind the scene vibes and the crew checking out the latest heat and JD Sports. It's all going down on Club five 20 podcast. Powered by the volume. Don't miss it for excitement and check out their new collection. Visit jd sports.com or download JD app.


Some stands for So others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington dc.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Your business deploys AI pilots everywhere. But are they going anywhere or are they stuck in silos, exhausting, resources, unable to scale? Maybe you don't need hundreds of AI pilots. You need a holistic strategy. IBM has 65,000 consultants with Gen AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. So you're not just deploying ai, you're scaling it across your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM let's create


The volume.


Hey, this applies to 99% of the world. I mean 99% of the nation, not 98.9, I mean 99. Just Like that paternity test you Took. Okay? And if you the 1% it don't apply to you. But for the rest of y'all, 99% man, tap in Boost Mobile coverage nationwide you apply for. This is great. Tap in with Boost Mobile. If you switch over to Boost Mobile right now, you can get a iPhone 15 with crazy camera work. That is a 48 Mega Pistols camera for $99 and 99 cents. That's right. $99 and 99 cents on a 5G network. It's nationwide and I'm 99% sure that Boost Mobile just gave us a crazy deal with this promo. Nah, this is crazy. You are the father. It does require credit qualification ID verification and an activation on a $6 plan. Taxes are extra and 5G speeds may not be available in all areas, but they said it was nationwide. Just not in your hood. Your neighbor good though.


Alright, we back at it again. Club five 20 live at JD Sports and Times Square. Man. Back at it with some of young talent. You gonna see in this year's NBA draft. It's only right man. We got one of the best guards in the country. You gonna see his name Carl Real real soon man. Big fans over here. We got Mr. Dylan Harper. Appreciate you sliding on this big dog. Good Having me man. Come on man. Long. I'm overdue. We All fans. We've been fans since you for show. Appreciate It. You really watch the Show. I do Watch the show both. Boy, your black yo black Air Force, you don't wear no more. Nah, you tapped. I'm tap. You Tapped. Tapped. I'm all the way Tap. I Had to check your DNA he Outta, he been outta a uniform but he Uniform A little bit. JD sponsored me bro now. So I gotta mix it up, show the brand off for sure.


You know what I'm saying? Listen, We know you keep the FETs nice man. We gotta jump straight to it. What's that feeling like when you go to a school that ain't sponsored by the brand that you signed to and you the only one and your homeboy on the court hooping the shoes? He just square side to Hey man, it just change the culture. Change the culture. I mean NIL new thing. I mean we was kind, we was on the bridge of like contract was over renewing contracts, stuff like that. Oh I mean Coach gave me the green light. I was gonna take it. So I mean I was, You know I did that in the NBA And didn't out ain't didn't Work out well for me. I lost My confidence. So go cut that shit short now don't get no ideas. Listen, I was already a fan, but when I see that first game I said he got the joy.


What the Oh damn. Got the, I said, oh yeah, I'm locked. I said yeah, show your Work that au team because what is he doing down here? Hey man, coach gave me the green light early wasn't I was gonna say no. I was like, I'm wearing it. Obviously man, you got a crazy game man. What, say where you get your game from, man? What models? You obviously, You know, I'm saying Im some crazy in the league, but what, what mode is your game to make you play how you play? I think playing against older people. Okay. Like I used to play out with my brother all the time. Just little stuff like that just kind of made me mature in a way. Just the physicality of the game. But really, I don't know, I think my game kind of different. I Think, You know, I could play point guard if you need me to. I could pass. You need me to play defense. I think I got an all around game. So that's a fact. Kind of unique.


That's a Fact. Is your brother, y'all played a lot of ones Growing up. Yeah, he used to. But now like we can play ones now as even Is Even now. But back then he's a, he's a doggy. Yeah, he's six years older than me. But that's how I used do my little brother. But now it's even, Yeah, it's even now. We ain't, we ain't going be. Nah, he just said it. Not even I believe. Oh my God. Nah. But You know it's even, it's even, nah, nah. Any one-on-ones with your pops. He don't wanna play one on one. Last time I one on one, last time I one on one pops I dunked on them. Dunk. Dunk one. Dunked on, excuse Me, outside Man. What? That's the last time we ever played. When you remember that last time? Last time we ever played one. One. Dunked on him. Dunked On him. I like that. I like that. I Like that because if he was on here and he asked about that, he'd just go, he say he say something crazy so.


Oh, okay. Okay. All right. You got the upper head. Dope being at Rutgers man. I watched the game. You had a triple double and you talked about your game being well-rounded. Like what, what you think the best thing you do. Like besides, You know, you said you can do a little bit of everything, but what's the best thing you do? I think Probably play make, I think that's kind of an underrated skill. But I think I'm, I'm up there. I think most teams I've been on, I just kind of had to score the only way we had a chance to win and stuff like that. But I think like put me in pick and roll. Definitely pick and roll, stuff like that. Getting in my spots and just making the right play. Definitely. I tell when I watch you I tell people you kind of got that Cade Cunningham Luca type of game, You know, bigger body can put people on your hip and make plays. Would you consider that some people that you probably might game After?


Yeah, I mean Cage's probably. That's probably my favorite player. Yeah. Yeah. Before June 25th. After that I don't got, yeah. Yeah For facts as of right now. Yeah. That's probably my favorite player. Him Shay, like you said Luca James Harden. Yeah because they get to they spots, they control the game, stuff like that. That's a fuck. Definitely. I watch Definitely man I can say watch you with R. It was dope. You know what I'm saying? You and Ace out. It was dope to see like you and your homeboy just out there getting to it in college. Obviously y'all go crazy. What's the swag like on the court and the swag off court. I see you got the tech suit on with, with the White Forces. Yeah, off court probably is. I'm simple. I mean I don't like I'm, I ain't trying to show out. I mean Yeah, yeah like even like tunnel walks, people be like, you going to show out, put stuff on. But like I don't see the point in dressing to play basketball. I'm you going to play basketball at the end of the day, stuff like that.


But hey, on the court just simple, simple guy. Just I want to tell you something. I said the same thing my rookie year and it's a guy named Jared Jack. Yeah. He said I give you four years young fella, You gonna switch my four. I spent a hundred. He went, he went, he went too crazy. I spent a lot of money on some clothes. I'm telling you he Yeah man, my thing I, I get free Nike clothes. I'm, I'm gonna keep wearing Them. Me too. Look JD Sports, JD Sports. Hey, hey I worked this down. Remember the first time we seen him that to Oh No. You know I'm closet, I'm gonna on My thing is like, it's different like if you getting paid to wear something or like for sure brand find stuff like that you gotta put it on. It's cool. But like I ain't going outta my way to throw something crazy.


You know like the stuff Russell West be wearing like stuff like That. I'm not, you ain't deep into Fashion. Nah, I'm not deep into fashion. I like that though. He about to ball. He trying to hoop most for sure. Nah obviously You know you Irv with the NIL and stuff. You gonna say, You know what I'm saying? Outside of responsible stuff, you gonna go crazy. The first person you gonna get, you one of them five 20 chains. Like my boy be hitting over here. Nah, Nah he come, he coming. You come be something different. Nah. Yeah I, nah not that one nahro though. That ain't raw appreciate. That ain't raw but You know we'll get you some big r Kelly rings. Look up r Kelly Fiesta video. Oh I don't think he wants anything.


Not that way. We going other way. I didn't say form like or I just get the like or a Iverson I give be a nice little chain. Yeah bro. Go on trick yourself. Some nice cooking up. Yeah, We've been asking everybody a suit for the drive. All black Versace suit. Oh. A little bit of red and oh Okay, okay. Spilling the bees what the shoes is then? Yeah, tall. Some Louboutins red bottom. You become my icy though, huh? Nah, I ain't, I don't wear no jerk now I like to see Coming. Clean plain cut. Yeah, Clean cut my watch, watch, watch on plain jeans. I like that. Super tailored. Yeah, super tailored. I don't like, I don't wear the flare the be. Nah Taylor. Okay So growing up obviously you said your dad played, your brother's been great but what's this moment like for you like going through this draft process, knowing your name's about to be called?


What's that like? It's crazy 'cause like you ask me like two, three years ago I would be like bugging like I never like it is surreal. Ain't think I was gonna get to this point until probably like two years ago. So I'm just keeping it day by day. But just staying grounded definitely, definitely been cool. But I mean once I get drafted I mean you one of the big and better things now, now time for the real grind. That sucks. Know your mom trained you growing up, like how is she with you in this process? She hard on you or is she just letting you Go through? Nah, she ain't letting me go through. She ain't head. Yeah, she been right next to me by my side the whole time. Make sure I'm good. But yeah, I mean she was my coach from first grade to 12 to senior year high school that whole time. How y'all pull that off?


Hey man. Who you homeschooled? Nah, I mean she was my AAU coach. Yeah. Yeah my first eighth grade and then the high school I went to gave her assistant coach job. So I was with her Family lineage. Shout to the lineage. Shout To the lineage for show. Yeah, For sure. I ain't never heard that mom coached you since you was Coach me all the way through. I wasn't allowed to shoot no jump shots when I was little. Yeah, yeah. No jump shots to like fifth, sixth grade. That's probably why I could drive. That's why I get to the basket like how I get to the basket. Yeah You do get to that cup. I boy say and he ain't shoot a mid til middle school. I ain't shoot a mid to middle school and I did, I got yelled at.


See kids you can learn from this if you lock in you can do whatever you want to. Yeah. Top pick. Nah for sure. Don't shoot jumpers. What's the weakest part of your game Been asking everybody. That Weakest part. I ain't gonna say I got no weak part But put that right hand Something. Nah that right hand, that right hand knife. Right hand knife. Right hand. Nice left hand knife. I mean I think this is stuff I gotta, it's definitely like stuff I gotta get better at. Like defense covers, stuff like that. Yeah, reading the game, stuff like that. Just little things in the game I tweaking just get better at. But overall game is trying to just get to the top 'cause everyone good now everyone can do same thing now. True. Yeah. How was that throwing that first pitch in Yankee Stadium?


That mount far as hell. That mount far like I got up there, it starts feeling your legs shaking. I said oh I gotta throw this ball, This ball sl shaking is crazy. I said I got up there, I said ah dope. I'm dope with it. But like it's crazy because like it's big. It's big. It's yeah they always looking at you in the mound far so like I told myself I threw it too hard, threw it right over his head and I ain't want have no Stephen A. Smith moment or no 50 cent moments. So I just lobbed it right in there. Nah, that's What I was gonna say. You didn't have a 50. My, my boy hit that know you man. My boy ran out Turbo in that throw. Did that's fire though. You miss timed it. Nah, that's work. Like you said man Times Square. They gonna have y'all up man. What's that feeling like when the busiest place in the world?


JD Sports got you into some of the other drafts. They honoring. What's that moment like man Seeing yourself on a billboard. Crazy. I had never been on no billboard before my, or go up a little bit. Oh or a up or a little bit. Yeah or Nah, I Think you already Turned. Nah, sha was or up? Nah, Shay put the little gold shoes on after the game. Yeah, yeah. Or was crazy. Nah, that's how you feel about the game yesterday. Oh that's crazy. Oh I'm sick. Yeah, I'm sick. Boy ain't watching the show. I'm still sick. I'm saying I ain't gonna talk about that right now. I'm still sick. This is the get well to me Man. The wound is still, You know what I'm saying? The bad day can't cover man. So you Would've got, you would've got the pacer logo ta on you.


Y'all would've won. Hey, hey listen man, the the, the O'Brien would've been right here dog. He getting the P on him. False. But He Got The P is crazy Pocket. Hey Man, for some five 20 maybe, You know, get it. What's the shoes you wearing on the court man? This year? What's Your debut on gt cut some GT cut ones. Mm Okay. I got a couple PEs trying pull Out. Okay. Okay. I got some beggars on here. We always ask everybody some some people already promise us some shoes. Who? We get your Ps.


Yeah, I mean y'all ask for 'em. Y We ask him Y'all can get some, y'all can get some. What's the logo Looking like? You know what I'm saying? I know you probably waiting so unveil that probably. Oh I don't got my phone on me. But it is, Don't worry. We gonna Be, we y'all gonna see him. We Gonna be in the dm. Don't Worry y'all gonna see him. Oh yeah, we gonna Follow up for Sure. Dm. That was crazy. Club three page. We gonna run down on you too in July Summer league. Yeah we go I have on, I don't have on during the summer league. Yeah, we Go pull for you. We looking for our pair for obviously man going to league. Who's some people you looking for to going up against the names When guys you say, You know what I'm saying? Compare yourself to, what's that one matchup you like I'm ready. Like I'm ready for that smoke. I'm ready to have this battle Man. Everyone really?


But I mean couple people like probably like Cade. I mean watch him a lot. I think I see how I do him. Andy Edwards, Shay, all the rod, all the stars of the game right now. Just see where I see where I line up toe to toe. That's what's up. Definitely them obviously You can relate to this. What's that moment like? You know what I'm saying? As a rookie you come in like, all right I used to see him on tv, now I gotta go against him. I certain Robert's moment. What's that like my, my moment might be a little different than his. He might actually get in the game. Yeah, I was about to say that too. But I, I don't wanna say jerk, I don't wanna say nothing. Hey that's crazy. That's crazy. It's cool man that here play. I'm a copm not answering on this call.


I ain't answer bad. I'm gonna text you be like I know. I already know. Nah, it's all good. You going, you gonna be a star bro. Come on man. You gonna see home on a lot of verified buckets man. Hope don't get well soon then Stay tuned. Dylan Harper Club five 20


hotels in Vegas might be booked solid this weekend, but it's one vacancy left. That's right. It's gonna be filled at UF C3 17. A new lightweight champ will be crowned. Grab Your old crown in DraftKings Sports book, the official betting partner of the UFC. You know what's going on man? Ria takes on Charles Oliver to fill the vacant men's lightweight title as a headliner of the international fight Week. First time betting on DraftKings on the UFC fight. All you gotta do is pick one of the fighters. It's easy, it's an easy win. If you new to DraftKings, all you gotta do is bet $5 new customers. If you bet that five you get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Listen, download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use that code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 gets you $150 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet just five bucks Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Draft night ain't just about who goes number one. It's about how you show up. And JD Sports is where the future of the league gets laced up. Whether it's Dylan Harper's tenacious two-way play or Tre Johnson Sharp shooting from deep down south. J D's got the gear to match every draft story from exclusive kicks to player collabs. JD Sports is the plug for the next level style. So while the lead's getting younger, your fix getting fresher. JD Sports with the game meets the streets. Visit jd sports.com to check out their new collection or download the JD app today.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need. Plus it meets you where you are. Not only is meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger. Plus the RayBan meta glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day experience Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try to meta AI app today on the Apple App store and Google Play.


Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Alright man, You know what it is. Club five 20 Live at Times Square, New York City. JD Sports man. Official collaboration man. We got a special guest in the building, man seen this man. He been going crazy all year long man. We here to celebrate him on his journey to the NBA man. You know where you're from, from be more the one only Mr. Derik Queen Big do. We appreciate you sliding on us man. Thanks for Having me. Nah man. Blessing man. How you feeling man? I know this. You running around media circuits almost off of the draft and got y'all here in JD Sports man. How you feeling right now man? Feeling very excited. Absolutely. Get to a new city. Most definitely man. Listen, we all big fans of your game man. Let's take it back first man, high school. Crazy queer mind for did your thing for sure. Now go to Maryland. What's that transition like for, You know what I'm saying?


You gotta prep to kill it now you the man on campus. What's that transition like? Really wasn't a huge transition. 'cause Coach Boyle, he, he been doing it for longer than I was born. And then he like, he got his, he got us ready, me and all my teammates ready. So it was, it was pretty easy Most having the be here that hey that's already he the real stretch for, You know what I'm saying? He used to get into it back in the day. Yeah. I always high praise for his game. Nah, for sure. I want to just step back a little bit. I saw you at the Chipotle Classic here in the well in Indianapolis, bro y'all, do you think y'all got the best m ve team ever, bro? Yes. Yes I do. I don't know bro. I Like for real, for real. I I feel like y'all one of the best teams ever period.


Yeah. 'cause y'all probably look at it like how they playing in the NBA now. Give us like give us like four years. Nah, for real. And then we can have that convers probably not even four years, two, three years. Then we can have that like conversation. What About that team with Cade and them though? They had pressures coming off the bench Or that was like wait, no that was his like his like that's not the team everybody comparing us to. But still they can have, they can have any team. They compare y'all to Ben Simmons and them team. Nah, no They ain't got Now you getting outta pocket. No, but like how I think about it is like, like we all meet up at Mel, wherever have some refs and we gonna play.


Okay. Oh you on that bro? Bro. Here first then he on that type of time, that's What I'm trying to do For sure. Sure. Sports Mount Bird get the one set up. You know what I'm saying? You told me something. He told me something before we started the show. He got a picture with me when he was in like fourth grade. You got a picture young now? I don't know how old. He just made me feel like I thought I was a young guy. Nah, you a OG for sure. I'm my old head for Sure. What city was y'all in? You remember In Indiana? We played at this high school. I don't remember. Oh Man. Oh, they played at Pike too. They played Oh, we a super old head. Oh. Oh that was boy man. Y'all played at Pike. What tournament? You remember what tournament it was? I think it was this tournament. Oh man, guess y'all came up there to get beat in my tournament?


Actually, actually we won the tournament left with the trophy. Nah, that's hard. That's hard bro. Pull up to see if you ain't got a bucket. But man, first, he's first man let's talk about it man. Your style on the court, off the court. See, You know what I'm saying? Holding it down man. What's that like man to hold down the city with a brand that's synonymous where you from? Yeah, I mean it is, it is great. Now I'm an Under Armor athlete. Yeah, it's, it is great. Under, under Armor was made in, in Maryland, Baltimore. And then in like all my peoples back home in Baltimore, that's all we wear is UA every day. So some Of the Put on Some of the coolest sneakers I the seen from UA. Yes. That's a fuck. I I and I gotta put some more respect on UA gang.


Oh, y'all need something? I I got y'all. Okay. Hey, we got, I just on camera now though. Don't say that. I need them in all black. Yeah, They they do got a black pair. Nah, for sure. You know, we Gonna hold you to that now. So You know, you can't get him all black shoes, You know what I'm saying? He gonna be using off court activities. You know, I'm, I'm put the white laces in them. How you feel about entering the NBA draft man dream come True. Yeah. When I did it, it was, I I I was so happy I did it with my teammates at school. Yeah. I was so happy and just like, just ready for this moment. Yeah. When did You know it was timem? Like, not gonna lie, probably until, like, I've always had the feeling, but probably until like February I was like, yeah, like I, I gotta do it like January.


I, I had some, I had some bad games, like some slopes and stuff, but then February picked it up and, and just like kept killing it and we just kept winning and then so when you win, everybody get the, get the love. So, And that's interesting you say that because you started off your college career with a 2020 game. Yeah. But you ain't even know you was going to the league until February. That's interesting. I was gonna ask, was college keep it real? Was college easy? Oh Fuck your shit. Was it Easy? No, I ain't gonna lie. Yeah, no, everybody go through that slumps like Yeah, like my, like, so we played games in December, like big 10 games and two big 10 games in December. But like January I had like two, three really bad games.


I, and then after that I was like, yeah, I, I got, I got it now I figured it out. For sure. For sure. What was the biggest transition though? Just juju. He was basically like my big bro. He was, he was like one of the strongest people I ever went up against. Okay. So like him. So like him, he was just like, I don't, like, he was just so strong. Like I play good defense and he hit me with a shoulder and finish right over top of me every time. So. Okay, okay. I was very used to that. Nah, for sure. They get stronger in the league. You had to hit that, that weight room? What? Nah, I'm good because once the season was going, once the season was going, God of wasn't sweet God because I was sweet. My boy Justin for sure swag, obviously me got a unique swag on the court.


Kind like a old school feel man, where you get that from. Met with the long sleeves, with short shorts, hot socks, You know what I'm saying? Look like you got there from the eighties. Getting to it Long. Like I, I wanted to wear that melver. I did like my first two years, but they had like, like tight, tight compression so I was like, nah. But like Under Armour had the, had like baggy ones, long ones. So I, I, I did that and, and then my socks like I'd just be, I mean my socks don't come all the way up, but I like bro 'em down a little bit. But like I I, I did that a lot at a AAU also, so. Okay. That was always kind of my swag. What's the weakest part of your game, man? Keep it real, don't lie. Consistent shooting probably. So we gotta work on your jumper.


Yeah, no. Yeah. Mm. I'm actually catch now. Okay. Chicken Capable shooter though. I'm, nah for sure. Shots like the shots you hit, You know, as a freshman hitting the game, winning shot in a tournament, but was that feeling like, bro, Bro, I bro it, it, it was a, it was great. It was a big deal. I, I didn't know it was a big deal until like my teammates was hyping me up. I I remember my teammate Yo Kobe, he was just kept saying, he just kept pointing at me. It was like, you you are him, you're him. Yeah. Absolute. And, and, and then I, and then I checked my phone. It was, I had so many notifications and like it was a big day. I'm glad I gotta do something for Maryland. I love that place. It was fun. Enjoying my time, enjoying my teammates and stuff. So glad I got something.


And That's super dope. Like you said, being from the crib, being able to have a moment. 'cause they ain't see a moment, it's a minute forever. They gonna show that game winner from time to time begin for you to have that moment for your hometown for the home. That's fire man. Yeah. Alright man. We gotta talk about the NIL man Derik Queen man. Tell us how that came to be. Derik Queen. I mean I, like, in high school I didn't really like, like nobody really thought about it. But when I got to Maryland, I, when I got to mer when I got to Maryland, everybody just kept saying it on, on Twitter. So I was like, I was like, I never thought about that. And then like my agency and was, was reaching out to 'em, but they had went through my school 'cause I think it had a, a great connection. And then once I hit that game winning the next day I did a like a little snippet for a dirty queen.


That's Dope. That's Fire. What's your order? I just, I just get to order your blizzard. Oh, okay. You keep it simple. Keep it simple. Classic. Yeah, They flip it upside down. Make sure don't, it don't come out. Okay. Pay Respect. See The advertising. So what's it like, what's the feeling like you gonna be on a billboard in Times Square, getting ready for the NBA draft for JD Sports? What is that like? Like it, no, it is crazy. 'cause younger me, I never thought this was, this was ever gonna happen. And then being at Times Square, one of the most busiest place places to see my face there is like, it is gonna be great. I, I can't wait to say as fuck. Dope. Dope. What's that suit looking like? Man? All I would say is double breasted.


Okay. Something, something something you probably probably never seen. Like even the feats. Even the shoes. NN no the shoes. I, I, I couldn't do the shoes I really wanted to. Okay. Like the shoes. Just think about Tyree, Hali bird, like something he'll wear Damn as the shoes that I wanted. But like, I, I got a few different options there. What I, You know, what's the ice looking like? Everybody could, I I I I'm not really into me either. Like in diamonds, so like, like these two if you wanna count these is jewelry. These my first piece of jewelry that I got. I don't Buy jewelry but we see who do. That's why I ask you. They come crazy if you got to, Hey you only get one draft night. Alright, so look we always ask people once they in to the NBA we're going to ask you what's something that you wanna purchase, a big purchase that you wanna buy.


Once you get that check, what You looking forward to? I ain't like, I don't, I don't know like I keep telling my mom that like I don't, I don't know why I'm excited to pay bills but like, Like trick or rules. My boy his bills. Yeah. Yeah my bills. There we Go. So cool. Yeah, like having my own place. 'cause like me living by myself at Maryland and even Mount ve was like, was like great so just me and buying my own car and stuff. So like probably those two. Okay cool man. Exciting Bro. Nothing wrong with independence. Alright man. Once you get to the league, who are some people you looking forward to? Going up against any idols in the league? You looking on what I'm saying? Get your your ones With Yeah, my favorite two players is bro and and Harden.


Okay. But I also wanna play against like the and B Yoic. Sgo. Saboni. Yeah KD because I know I'm gonna be switching on to a lot of people carry. Yep. Yeah Kyrie like really, really all really all are great. Okay. Dope man. If you have a wishlist of people you wanna run down the league it show that competitive then that's why they like you man. You gonna Give this shot too? Nah, we wish you the best bro. Straight up man. Yeah, for Sure. Y'all listen man listen we looking forward to see you at the next level man. Keep killing the man like you said to score JD Sports man. VE my boy draft coming soon. Make sure you watch our Derik Queen. We'll be on the TV near you soon we out.


Draft night ain't just about who goes number one. It's about how you show up. And JD Sports is where the future of the league gets laced up. Whether it's Dylan Harper's tenacious two-way play or Tre Johnson Sharp shooting from deep down south. J D's got the gear to match every draft story from exclusive kicks to player collab. JD Sports is the plug for the next level style. So while the league's getting younger, your fix getting fresher JD Sports or the game meets the streets, visit jd sports.com to check out their new collection or download the JD app today.


Meta AI is the personal AI to help you with whatever you need. Plus it meets you where you are. Not only is meta AI now an app, but it's also on the apps you already know and love. Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger. Plus the RayBan meta glasses. It's easy to access wherever you are. So whether you're talking or texting, meta AI is convenient to use throughout your day experience Meta's newest AI that's tailored to you by download the meta AI app. Try to meta AI app today on the Apple app store and Google Play.


Some stands for so others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us, they are Washington DC.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An Iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having Hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of Hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Alright. You know what it is Club five 20 back again man. JD Sports Times Square with another young talent man we are very excited about man you gonna catch him in the NBA draft man just did his thing down to Texas, man. Big guard the one. The only Mr. Tre Johnson big dog. We you joining us man sir, I appreciate y'all for having me. Yes sir. You know Navar man, we speak Hollywood. This show man one of the best two guards coming out man. Where you get your game from man? Because you play like a old school. Ray Allen, Rick Hamilton, smooth two guard man remember Got a little shade. Yeah, Brobie really just from my pops working with him. He was a old older player so those are coming some of the guys he was playing with growing up. So I kind of really just got it from him. It's funny being here say you got involved but You know what I'm saying, your dad had you in the gym when he was hooping.


Most definitely. You can tell I pee the swag and everything. You, you real mature like swear to God. Most definitely. Where did, where did that scoring ability come from though? But you got a crazy, crazy arsenal bro. Man I just think it is God giving on top of the work I do. Yeah. That's really what all I think it is. It really just come easy to me For sure. I caught a game when you on YouTube the other day. I was, I be scrolling around watching YouTube a lot. You against Cason Wallace? Yeah. You was a young buck. What you had 50? I had like 40 and I was, I was a sophomore. Yeah, yeah. Had I was in there, watch him play defense in the NBA finals and then go watch that. It is like facts. Yeah he a real buck. Facts.


Yeah. Damn what was that the AU Game or Nah, it was a high school. High school was high school we was in, we was in the same district. Oh okay. Yeah. So I played him all the way up to he was a senior. Yeah. So see that and then watch him get bucket you like Yeah it is official. Come on man. It's Mr Texas right there, You know what I'm saying? Been getting buckets for show. We talk about it man outside the basketball, the swag. I see you got the black 90 sevens on you Nike man. Yes sir. What's your on court preference and then how you getting fly off the court? On court I go with like anything comfortable, Kobe's, Serena's, those are like probably the main two comfortable Nike shoes I say and off the court really anything. Okay. I gotta wear anything Nike now but anything besides that, it don't matter. I wear a boot or I wear some designer for sure.


Listen man, I'll seen You know what I'm I Texas, what's it like? You know what I'm saying? Going to a school, you got somebody like Katie who got crazy shoes. Texas always been one of the shoes to keep the flo. What's it like your first time you walk back there in the training room and be like oh I can get all these? Yeah, nah, it was crazy. Especially when you walk in the locker room. They got all the old kds on the wall and stuff like that. So you just seeing all the different kicks that he done came out with all the different shoes guys done wore. But it's really a cheat code. Them guys that's been there for a little while, they got all the heat, don't want to give up, none of it. I the junior senior been there. It was really just to focus on just try to be around the distractions and try to handle it just in case I got drafted to a bigger city. Ah, smart. So really just prepare myself.


Oh that's smart. That's Smart. Most definitely Austin. It's a nice city boy. I ain't never been to Austin. You gotta go beautiful. Take it out. You gotta Austin all Around Fire city. Yeah, You gotta go now. Before it started getting too too many people 'cause everybody started to move in but yeah, you gotta go hustle in a while. I've been out there one time for sure. Listen man, a story franchise, I mean, excuse me, university like Texas and you get to break one of KD records. What's that feeling like? Man? Man I didn't even know. Like I wasn't even thinking about the record. I go right and then it was, and then that's how You know and then they was just saying they said it after the first game but I wasn't even trying to listen to it because we lost. So I wasn't even, I wasn't even thinking about too much about it.


So I really didn't even think about it. But it was kind of cool and crazy to think about. 'cause like a year ago I was talking to 'em about kind of the situation. I didn't even about Texas. Yeah, in first game we had to break one of his records was crazy. What was crazy? How many teams you worked out for? I worked out for four. Okay, So you kept a light. How many did you work out For? Hey man, stop. This ain't Let's tears. What you do old school, how many teams You I got hurt. I only did three workouts. I was up, I was up for about 18. He said can't relate 18 in a month though. That's crazy. What's your, what's your all time favorite sneaker All time.


Favorite sneaker? Yep. What would that be? The John Witherspoon. Damn, for real? Yeah. That must fly though. Oh I got, I I got pair though. I, that's different. I grew, I don't know, it was just when that shoe came out I grew so much to it. Yeah. Like that was my favorite shoe for a while. Like I wasn't changing. Yeah, I think he way younger enough you he thought he was gonna say something. I I thought he was gonna say something. Because You see him with the classic on. I do. I do. So yeah, I I I respect it. I respect it. I respect It too. What's the, what's the strongest part of your game Man, I probably say my playmaking just 'cause as scoring. It draws so many eyes and draws so many people play making the second easiest thing.


What's the weakest part of your game? What's something we can work on? Ah, defense most definitely can always be worked on. Okay. Get to my offense. Shoot now we talking about something. Yeah, I liked his energy. He wanted Yeah I like that. And I like about him man is what You know about he locked in, You know what I'm saying? He studied the game of basketball. You can tell by the way he played and stuff like that. So where'd you get that from is Pops? International was just you just, I want to be great so You know what I'm saying? You gotta do both sides. You gotta play and you gotta lock in. I feel like it was me wanting to be great but it really started with my pops. Like he had me at the time, he was looking at him crazy. He had me watching film when I was like third, fourth grade. Yeah, he was recording the games and we went back and watched it. So I was kind of been started there but me doing it on my own is just part of me being one, one to be great.


Definitely. Who you looking forward to going head up with once you entered the league? Shoot Everybody. All the same people that you seen in the finals. All the same people as you watching over tv. The same guys you want play against Wallace Might won't smoke now. He most definitely do it playing. Jeff wasn't supposed to bring that up now. That's bad. Nah, he, he probably said pay right now he's Nah. For sure. For sure. So What's his process been like for you? Obviously, You know, going different places, talking like you said Times Square, a big monument on the way up to celebrate y'all. How's this moment? I know you're probably worried about where you're going, the basketball stuff. Are you enjoying this moment as well? I'm most definitely enjoying the moment because it's what you really dream of. I'm really enjoying each step of the process.


Most definitely trying to soak it all in for sure. Most definitely. All right man. Oh go ahead. Oh no, go ahead. What's that? What's that draft fit looking like? Man, It's a little different but it is solid for sure. Okay, that's, that's what I'm gonna say. Okay. You icy? Nah, I don't really, I don't really wear jewelry. That's I totally people more like me than you bro. That's Fine bro. Once, once he grace his foot on the NBA floor and start looking around, go grab him with peace, he gonna grab him with Peace. You still keeping it humble right now. I Respect. I like that. I like that. Now we typically ask, You know what I'm saying, people what big part they're about to make. But obviously you're on your way to that. What's something you looking forward to doing? Getting a a place to stay. May y'all are some responsible.


I I rock with this class boy. They said they said shelter. Yeah, I'm trying. That's probably gonna be my best purchase though. Somewhere to stay. Yes sir. That's what I'm putting my focus into. Yeah. Crib or condo Depending Where I'm going. Okay. Depending where I'm going. Yeah you go to some of these big cities, cribs be crazy. I Know now you come back where I was, I got drafted to Atlanta crib was necessary, You know what I'm saying? That Okay. For sure, for sure. Nah that's dope man. Listen man, we look forward to see you at the next level man. Congratulations man. You know you got fans of us here five 20 tap in with Tre Johnson for sure. All right man. We back again right at JD Sports Club five 20 man here with some of the up and coming talent in the draft man.


So we had this tap in with this young man making noise with crazy all year. It's time for celebrate him Mr. Thomas Silver Big do appreciate you sliding on this man. Yes Sir. Appreciate you having Me For sure man. You know what I'm saying? Hey look, just be here energy right here man. We Talking boy came together, You know what I mean? I ain't seen too many boys swagger Jordan t out like this so I'm proud of you boy. This start already Seen the Bobs You already turned up man. Catch up real quick. Okay I see the inter, we've been asking everybody what they gonna get, You know what I'm saying? What they make it. But I can't wait to hear your question man. No responsible stuff. What you trying? You know what I'm saying? Go crazy for Wait what you want me to like say Just what you want, what you want to cop, You know what I'm saying? Get you your first big boy purchase that league money.


What you gonna grab man fight. This is my boy rubbing. Probably like, I don't know, I was thinking about something like getting something for like my whole family like in general. Okay. But if it was like for me though, probably like a car, like a new car kind of Car you would get Like a like a TRX icat engine. Go crazy. Treat yourself king. For sure man. Yeah, go ahead. No go Ahead. Be here. How this process been for you bro? Like the ups and downs of it? I need both sides of it. I Mean it is been ups and downs throughout the whole process but like, You know, I'm just trying to live in a moment. Yeah, basically just trying to, 'cause you only live it once so I'm just trying to basically have fun while I'm going through it, You know, have fun with my family and just like, You know, be calm while like the storm is like going outside.


So Your brother been going everywhere with you A little bit. Like while I be visiting team I'm going by myself but like everywhere I'm at he's usually with me. So for Sure man relates I was growing up. Yeah, For sure. How was like growing up against your older brother? Man he gave you the pill. Who gave you the pill? Man? What was it called first? Originally it was my father, but then like my brother, You know he was able like take care of me as I was going through like when I was younger, You know, going into his high school, playing with his high school teammates and stuff like that when I was in like fifth grade. So like it is just me like playing with older guys, just trying to get myself ready for moments like these That, You know what I'm saying. Pops was an athlete. And I gotta ask you this, how tall was you in fifth grade?


You was gonna play with them because you had some crazy growth spur in your life? Nah, I was I think like five nine. Five 10. What Grade? Fifth grade. What size shoes you wearing In fifth grade? Yeah, Shit like, like a 12. Dang. 11 in momma pockets early. By the time you was a sophomore, how tall was you in high school? Sophomore year I was like 6, 8, 6 9? Yeah, 6, 8, 6 9. Crazy. Been around that since Then. How old was you and your brother wasn't able to beat you no more? Mm. That's A real brother. Say he still right now. You say how was it like How old was he when he first beat you?


He gotta Take it over to ones. He beat me in college. No, no he's lying. So I mean You don't got no mic so You know What? Nah, I be, it's your truth. I've been back in like 11th grade, 10th grade meet Brother When it was like the same height when I was smoke. Oh, when you was in college? Oh I thought you said when I was in college. So you beat your brother when you was in college. So you knew when you at that moment you knew like, yeah I'm be all right. Yeah. All right bro. That's crazy because he, he said he still stepping on you to this Day. Nah, he capping For sure. Yeah, I've been hurt so I really couldn't even play him since then. But before that I was still busing that so Man they want you to follow up the lineage, You know what I'm saying?


Some of the big Georgetown graces. What got you to Georgetown? Man? I'll say like I really like the coaches. Like I had a great, I had a great like relationship with them. You know I was having fun on all the visits that I went over there. So I felt like I could just go there and be myself and just be like the same person I've always been. Yeah. One of my coaches that I played for at Wake Forest was Coach Battle. Jeff Battle. I know he is over there at Georgetown. He told me some great things about you. You had high praise for you man. He told me you was gonna be a special player so your freshman year I got a chance to watch your game. And I was like bro, arms is dumb long bro. I don't know you, you probably got one of the longest wingspans probably in the draft for probably in the NBA.


Mm Now your wingspan is crazy but he block a lot of shots. He good around the basket. He got a lot of game though. Yeah, I ain't know my arms are that long until like I actually measure them shit so I ain't gonna lie. Nah, they dumb. What's your biggest strength to your game? You said my biggest strength? Yep. I'd say like just reading the game. Like not a lot of people can like read the game like I do but I'll say rebounding and interior scoring as well. I'm trying, I'm moving out. You don't got a jumper? No, no, no. I got jumper YI haven't seen me man. I've been, I've been in the gym, been a lie. I only been working on foreign shooting so that's all I can really about. Yeah. Yeah. So is that something we can work on? Is that one of the weaker part of your games?


Yeah. Okay. Yeah, It's Okay bro. Its no, I'm being honest. I gotta tell the truth. No, most definitely. Obviously You know what I'm saying? We liked your footwork. Is that from playing soccer growing up? You know what I'm saying? No, pop soccer all, he still there Y'all early? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So soccer was actually my first sport. Okay. Like basketball was like the third sport I actually like picked up on. 'cause then I played football for like two weeks and my mom like took me out of that Sound about right. Two weeks. Yeah. She ain't, she ain't want me in that for some reason. But hey, works out great. Strike. Did you play At first I was like, it was when I was younger so I played striker and stuff like that. Now I played eighth grade and I was like a Goalie. How tall was you on eighth grade? Six, five.


That wasn't gonna work as a goalie. You cover you. I was cooking, I was good I was, I was doing good. The World Cup team pop said, Hey man, here you go. Take this ball, take Come on. Soccer do help a lot of players. They say soccer and gymnastics help A lot of athlete. Yeah bro. That's why it's footwork is like that. But yeah, come on. Six 10 soccer field, boy you Five. Nah, that ain't, nah, Nah. Yeah. Toes, knees, all that. Before Mom took you outta football, what position was you playing? Oh, qb. Yeah, I could throw For real. You, you probably three in Dirt. Nah, nah, nah.


Gotta Remember. But I was not that tall. I was tall. I wasn't that tall so I was able, He played D Bro, I play bro, we can get the football right now. I'll show y'all. I play A lot of, okay. B end is crazy. Definitely had to pull you out That Yeah, You Was a crash out Chill man. How's it feel? You know what I'm saying? The big man is back in the NBA, it's a prominent position. You look at all the teams going around right. Nowadays solidifying that front court for you coming in the way you play, are you excited? Even, You know what I'm saying? It gets the NNBA where they like actually value the big men again. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I think like my type of skill set and like the way how I play is like not as like how the NBA is today.


Yeah. And I'm just like bringing it so like, it's just like a great feeling that I get to like, You know, help a team win and try to hope, bring a championship or some Shit. Any players you model your game after A little bit. How? Like yo Kish be reading the game? Yeah, I used to watch a beat a lot. I try to get like a little bit of his bid range postgame and stuff like that. And the way, how the intensity that band be playing with like yeah. Try to like just take a little bit from like each different big team. That's three, that's three prominent players in the league for sure. So who you looking forward to matching up with those same players? Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I'll say another player who best.


Oh, YOKA is the best. Biggest in the league. Yeah. It might be a long day. Nah. Yeah. Chill bro. That might be a long day. I I, I could withstand my myself. I could hold, I could. Okay. You gonna hold your own against it? Yeah. Yeah. I mean he, he killed a lot of people so don't worry about it. I know. You know what I mean? Don't worry about it. Nah, you on your way as well man. We're gonna take it back a little bit man. You had a crazy, You know what I'm saying? Au team. Some guys that might be in draft as well. What's that? Like hooping guys and y'all, You know what I'm saying? All putting yourselves in a position to be at the next level. Yeah. So I used to come out here to New York like every, like every weekend back when I was like fifth, sixth grade playing with Jersey City Boys and Girls Club au So like, You know, it was just like playing that competition up here.


Like basically got me set, got me ready like for moments like these like, so just playing against like the top players ever since I've been like a young kid, like really helped me out. Was that we talking about what? What did you play with Todd Pettiford? Jersey City Boys and Girls Club. That was when we was in like fifth, sixth grade. We used to come up here, stay at our friend's crib in New York. And Was he like that then? Yeah, he Was, his nickname used to be Taha Gimme three Pettiford. Oh that's hard. Yeah bro, that, that's hard. He had like North Jersey rocking at a young age too. Man. That's hard. That's what's up. Yeah man, that's dope to see Allall, You know what I'm saying? See y'all elevate all together. I know you go through the process, you try to enjoy everything while you trying to figure out the business.


But You know what I'm saying, for y'all to be times Square, man, they gonna have y'all up on the billboard. What's that feeling like? Man? Man, it is a surreal feeling that it is Crazy. I mean pictures take that Say as much as they want Your fault. I'm here. That's gonna be crazy man. Yeah, I can't imagine all the foot traffic through here and you and JD Sports with it. I gotta ask man. You know, You know what I'm saying? You get it together. We going to JD Sports. What you grabbing man? What's, what you putting on? What's on the court? What's the swag and what's off the court? On the court? Yeah, probably do like a like a one leg cast sleeve or something like that and like Filthy And little, little compression shirt on the court off the court. Stay warm. What shoes you rocking? On the court.


On the court? Yeah. Shit. Who in the fives? Ah, I ain't never, it's these comfortable though. I can really say these comfortable but like that's, I don't know. Probably some Jordan shoe like because I was just with Jordan brand team. Some off the court though. Look for something comfy. Okay, like what he got on. Oh yeah. Comfy mean I'm always comfy. I'm what you call this? What's your favorite Jordan lounge wear? My favorite drawer is, Damn It used to be the fours Class. Oh man, I like this guy man. Ah, where we going? Nice said, used to be the fours. You don't move on hold. Hold on, don't move on. I like this guy.


He the shoe guys Comfortable. That's why I boy. Which Four? Which Fours? Yeah, which fours? They younger's probably like black cats. Nah, I don't even got the black cats yet. I gotta get those With the black and yellow. What's the lightnings? Thunder? Lightning? Nah, I'd probably say like the cement ones. I like the cement ones A lot. But with the class them hard. Those hard. Those are hard. Those are hard. I like you. Now you went to George School and Georgetown? No. Perhaps some PEs. Please tell me, don't say you got blessed while you was there. Yeah, I got blessed with a couple, a couple Jordans, but I don't think I got the PEs yet.


I need to, I didn't get no pe. I need to go back. I need to ask Coach Battle. Gimme a pair. Coach Battle, tap in man. Make sure guys straight, man. What about the gear? You ain't get a bunch of gear? Well, like Georgetown gear, we ain't get that much like Jordan stuff. Oh, okay, okay. Because he guy represent the school. So yeah, facts. Most definitely man. Hey man, check him out man. He's coming soon man. Congratulations man. We gonna be cheering for you along the way. We're gonna catch y'all next time for show. Appreciate it. The volume


Draft night ain't just about who goes number one. It's about how you show up. And JD Sports is where the future of the league gets laced up. Whether it's Dylan Harper's tenacious two-Way play or Tre Johnson Sharp shooting from deep down south. J D's got the gear to match every draft story from exclusive kicks to player collabs. JD Sports is the plug for the next level style. So while the league's getting younger, your fix getting fresher, JD Sports or the game meets the streets, visit jd sports.com to check out their new collection or download the JD app today.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Some stands for so others Mighty and I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington D.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This Is an iHeart podcast.