
Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby sport, or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered, like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon Music, music to podcast fast shipping? What is not to love about this membership? I'm in Prime Fuels Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


This is your moment, your time to shine, your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school, you're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Severance season two is coming to Apple tv. Plus What you all did five months ago was one of the most painful moments in the history of this company. Our message got out, we're famous, all of us equally, or one of us is like the star. What did you see? My Audi's wife is Ms. Casey. If you wanna find out what happened to her. Oh, she's still alive. I want see my wife. He shoulda left Severance. New season streaming January 17th, only on Apple tv. Plus


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with realtime notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Where'd You get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you. From daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com,


The Volume. All right man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left. I got my dial Bishop. Be here and out the pearl least. Are you what? Nasty, Sad and nasty. Let's get to it baby. For sure man. See you got the dunks on today. You ain't rocking with the forces man. They said new year. You ain't been in the black nasty jet man. What's going on? I'm Gonna put 'em back on man. I just ain't had the dunks on. Probably about nine months. Brought 'em back out for Sure. Got the green beans on to my right. My dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what? Stressing man Stressing been alone 24 hours.


Man. I'll bounce back That culture. Life ain't easy boy. I'll bounce back. It has been though. It has been. I'll bounce backs all good. Still our rise. Yeah, for sure. I say you got the classes on the fe today. These are so beat up. Literally I had 'em grabbed 'em out the back of my trunk. It's the worst period. I got a couple other pairers at my crib but yeah, he's beat up my fault. Yeah, I just didn't come prepared. You still got the Ja Lucas bag yell truck? Yeah. Damn them hard though. No, them murdered classics bro. One of the best air maxers of all time. Yeah, I didn't come prepared. I'm sorry guys. I let y'all down.


I let Nas down. I've been let a lot of People down. I say it's the long list of people we let down. Yeah, y'all Let a lot of people down lately it's all well join the club. Five 20 on Patreon. You know I'm just like damn The the power rankings of who we let down right now. Tremendous. Right now. We'll go by list by list of each episode for sure. I let N Staff For sure man. Listen man, we had a great weekend man. Chicago. The whole D row situation man. Shout out to the team man. Shout to R. Shout out to Maddy d row's weekend. The retirement situation man. That was dope as hell man. What's y'all thoughts about that? Man, we had a great experience for show.


It was cool going out there to kick with the MI enjoyed Friday night. They ghetto environment. It's my kinda shit. Shout out to Ion and everybody from Chicago showing us love. I ain't gonna say what the little dudes walked up to us and said, but we got, we got supported sh for sure. Shout, Shout that a hashtag. Who Was hoping getting to it? Nah. Yeah it was a great event. He rose man. He is a unselfish, one of the most unselfish superstars I ever seen, bro. It was his moment. He's made sure everybody else got light. Yeah and all the flowers that he got that weekend he deserved. I mean unbelievable talent but an unbelievable person. Straight up. I rock with him bro.


He good dude. Had us out there living a dream, getting us some love. People rocking with us. We got to meet a a bunch of people that's, you know, hopefully we can interview in the future and yeah, some collabs that we can make in the future. So yeah, it was a good weekend. Most definitely man. Like you said opportunity. Look over with some people man. Shout to Jay. Luke man great episode. You happen to tapped in, please tap in. Yeah, randomly pulled up on a homie. Man. We made episode happen outta that for sure. Yeah, Sean to my boy Tony Allen. We, we wrapped in a club. He was pop but The only TA let me know we Had some good conversations. I can't wait for us to sit down with him though. He definitely said that it's only one ta. That's gonna be my favorite one. That's how he approaches.


It's only one ta. The only ta. And that was like the nat at. Yes. He gonna get on your hands about the only TA I know. I can't wait till my nigga pull up though. That's gonna be a good one. That might be my favorite one already. For sure man. Like you said man, the love for Derrick Rose in the city is so different everywhere you go. Everybody was rocking with it and the events they had like even the the flower shop was crazy but just to see the people react like the speech and stuff. First of all, the game him hooping with his son and his last game. It's fire Bro. Yeah, definitely. Damn that's what we didn't get to do. You said at the flyer shop? I wish we would've been able to go to the store. Yeah, to get inside. But that was dope how they had the, you know the bouquets and shit inside the brunch.


That line was on as hell. But we definitely had to use our favoritism in that situation. Boy. That was after two and a half hours in a rows for Derrick bro. Facts. Yeah, I'm cool. It's too cold. Hey Chicago is a different type of code. We in the Midwest, we inap with it. That code wouldn't like our code boy. That lake a fake different For sure. Yeah. I'm smooth. Shout to the people at Nobu too. Good people, good people at Nobu gave us a room to shoot out of, you know what I'm saying? For the love. Shout to dude, I forgot his name. Who was at the dash? His name is Hendrick. His name is what? Hendrick. His name is Hendrick. Yep. Hendrick. Man. He showed love. He was showing love all day. He called Mike Freaky Mike. Yep. That's how I knew he was tapped in. Yeah, I didn't know that till we left. I was gonna give him the full origin but, but let's really talk about Nobu real fast.


I was gonna say let's, I I have a grievance. You, you weren't, you wasn't there. Oh when y'all ate that little bitty food. We not gonna do that. No bull. No, no boo. Y'all can cater. Y'all can cater a five 20 event. No. Shit. If y'all do we gonna be hungry. We Would be using our own tortillas. That Motherfucker taco wasn't bigger than my pinky. I was like down pocket. That was the best bite of a taco I've ever had in my life. And He was Elite too. And it was the, they they ate some mini tacos. It was literally micro taco. You said in the Barbie set tacos. It was a Barbie set Taco Sam's Club sample. But it was pip. That bitch was elite. That lobster fire, that motherfucker was one bite only. And did you see how much shake costs $12?


Yeah when I seen, I know but I selling that tacos was 12 each each when I saw with me and milk ate What we eat? Chicken. Chicken terri real nigga. Shit, when I saw that I shot right over there to vet. So shout I'm tap Me down too. When I was in The Bahamas at Noble in The Bahamas they had teriyaki salmon and it was, it was fire I was looking for down on the menu. They ain't have it. Oh yeah this is shot you salmon boy. You just said a BAI got a grown man palate. What the fuck you talking about? When I go out to nice places, I get nice shit. I only eat chicken and wings with your, when I'm with my wife I make sure we eat good shit Man, you'll get the fuck outta here. I do nigga.


Fuck you. Fuck you probably don't even finish your food. P probably eat but don't be talking about when I go out with, with my wife. Nigga go to nice places nigga. Five. You take a bite and probably less. I'm sure y'all do but you don't be really smashing like you overact nigga. I don't Eat like you nigga. We you don't get damn like me. Whack. We know that boy was lick the fingers is crazy. Shout house is crazy.


Hey ain't nobody was farming me but them tacos were so they small for $12. Nigga did not Understand. Hey little bitches came out bro. They said what? What that was, I was confused. They was, they was flabbergasted. And what's so funny is y'all niggas didn't go eat a towel, they'll hug, gonna answer. I dunno. I decided to make that audible but I'm upset about that. We could have went to town and ate a wonderful meal. Said no let's go to the hotel. Let's go to Noble. Y'all could Have ate for free. For free. They sorry bro. Alright. You right. We are sorry Some sorry about the niggas is outta pocket.


I said well niggas getting too much money. Pass up some free time for Noble. I My, I ate my chicken With some That's crazy. Some Chop What? Tap Chopsticks. See nigga. Hey when you talking about the other community? Look at it. Not the Nun. I mean the Chopstick Don be Yeah the Nunchuck nigga I don't eat with. I mean whatever the fuck they call Chop Chopsticks all the time. Wow. No it was funny. Hell that nigga sitting Up Chops Watching you and Malcolm try pick up that whole chicken quarter with the chopsticks Was funny. No saying can I get a fork? Said nah, I'm gonna figure this out For sure man.


Shout to no I'm gonna tell y'all right now. You know what I'm saying. While we was out and about in the city, the best song of the nation was going crazy man. Gang Banging. No not Smokey. Talking about that one. Hey did y'all see he was at a Steelers game and somebody said, dang shouts a hos war. He aged great. I said hey y'all got Smokey fucked up. He can't be hos war bro. Got my nigga s fucked up. Nah Smokey Bay, Motown, I'm gonna get more Cl Hos War I'm Y'all see Condos. I know we gonna get back on top of it but Tiny Hurt Tiny Desk. Nah, Nah I ain't tapped. That was fire. It was fire though. I ain't gonna lie. I gotta tap me in. I'll fuck with Shaka. I'm gonna love you anyway. I, I told you Tiny desks one of the best things that ever happened in life. I I fuck with the tiny, I fuck With ne Tiny Desk.


Probably the most I think you usher. Oh No. Scarface I think got probably one of the best ones. Usher Shit. Usher Shit is fire. Big boy got a fire too Was fire, juvenile shit Was fire. I wasn't mad at juveniles at all. RP Mac Miller got a fire one too. He got a legendary one. It's a lot of dope ass tiny deaths out there for sure. Alright. But we can get back to what You was saying but nah the Jello ball it was ringing off. Alright I see that they gonna make a remix. Who do y'all want on a remix? Brad brought it to my attention yesterday. The NBA young boy on there and probably Weby. They got Weby and Booie.


I seen Moneybag Yo and Boosty both said they Moneybag gonna kill it. I can see that. I bag gonna kill that. I don't know if this is a possibility of that but if we could, if he could tap back into that old school bag, if we could get applause verse on that song, it would go crazy. I don't know. I know it's different times now but if we could get oh eight Plys on that song, that bitch going up because PLAs used to be a feature killer used to hop on those songs we all love and get some wild shit off and it would go crazy on that song. Yeah It gotta make, it gotta be anybody who made hype songs back then. I know J Cole. Nobody like that. No I I Wish you would. That's too serious. I I would. No I'm just saying you need like a like a hood nigga like on there like Booie and Weby. Weby gonna kill that motherfucker.


Booie gonna kill it. Nah, I ain't mad at that at all when I swerve on theses bruh. Yeah. Who young Artist I swerved On a nigga bruh. Ain't young artist think go crazy under My can't swerve like a Nle N nba I be dead for when not to swerve on. I Don't think we gonna hear from young boy for A second. I'm just saying man he can rap through jail. Tory. Tory put music out. I had Ken paint on my two IPOs. Tory shit been hard too by The way. And that it is gonna fall in their ears every single time. 'cause of the situation bro. It's fucked up but it is what it is Ch best The Tory man. Damn Tory Craig Tory Lane. What combination And did you see the they Spell it the same way. Did you see, Did you see what account?


I forgot who it was. Somebody gonna find this somebody with it is like a parity situation. They like Tory Craig out and then they put in the parentheses of illness was Megan the stallion. That shit was funny as hell bro. He's crazy. Tory Craig boy you are Freak Yes nigga boy. That boy shit done got milk in it. He is six and nine guy. I do not wanna bro he need go to Fox Sports. That's crazy shit off. Yeah bro. Nigga gotta learn how to text. Dude got milk in it Paul. It's crazy. I Man was living his life man ain't no worse. Somebody come up with some oh shit leave me alone. I know bro. He was doing his thing man. Chilling ain't with his girl.


They happy leave. Fuck it. That's fucked up though man. Niggas better stop texting all that freaky ass shit though because they gonna send the worst text. He probably said some player shit before. No crazy man. What were they talking about? Hey niggas better stop sending the pictures to the bill too. Them is going up. Them girls is getting crazy but Twitter is a dark place bro. Don't we know Y'all niggas? Yeah y'all niggas probably should stay off Fool. Yeah I'm off that. Yeah that's crazy. Hey Ella Ball, you know what I'm saying. Two, you're going crazy right now. How I feel about him getting a rolling loud set. I'm Geeked for it. The set is weak though. I don't care. Do one song go on there, do the one song. I don't, I don't like I love ASAP Rocky Music but everybody else under there, it's a few hitters but it's not, we not the same.


Who all on there? Who? The card man. I got you one second. Say rolling out California right? Oh it's just a California little? Yeah it's just a California one. Yeah, like Playboy card is Saturday I believe. I mean rolling Lys. He do, he's the head. He's the headliner. He the biggest though for the young shit that nigga do every, that's Malcolm Them people. I, I ain't going, I ain't trying to be funny. I don't nah hate Why'd he sexy Rescue Mass. Larry Jones. False Manilo. Yeah. Saturday night y'all right in Jello. Damn Jello in Jello head lottery. Jello in the second row for one song in the second row? Yeah he's in the second row. One song That's fine. Where the name gets bigger. He's not in the small letters.


I mean small names. He's between Look he's Medium names Facts. Nah that's a, that's a accomplishment. I one. Yeah bro because he after Boston Richie and he after Cash Cobain, that's when we had a hell of a year last year. I don't, I don't remember the little, I love Kobe and he above DDG. That's crazy. I love Cobain. I don't know who DeMar. I know. Disrespect to none of y'all. I ain't guess y'all probably don't know who I am so Nah, y'all probably don't give a fuck but I ain't never heard of him. Damn. Hold on Rocky yg Sexy Reds Ski Mask is so glad Larry June Boss Man Dlo, that's a far ass set. Who is? I mean I ain't, you ain't gotta see everybody but it's, it's, that's some names Motherfucker. I, I'm stuck in a 2000 swat. Fuck with Jello song. I only know Sexy Red.


You said Sexy Red Boss Man. Dlo Boss man. Dlo Larry. Larry YI know Larry Jones. You know yg? Oh yeah, yeah YG for sure. Yeah that's who you said after that old yg before only person you probably don't know is ski masks or something Guy. Yeah you probably, but you probably heard some songs from before. What? What they got Maki know Ski Mask. What he got My, That's him. I kill my mom. That's him. Nah, nah he got that. He bringing that energy though. I'm nothing. Kill your mama. Nah he how the hell I putting him type of, that reference on him is crazy. He don't got no lyrics like that. Nah, he like punk. Rock got ski Max Hop in, he got some slaps too on Sunday night.


Playboy, Cardi, Ken, Carson bla destroyed Lonely Quavo Guido and Dom Kennedy. Did you know Destroyed Lonely is I 20 son. Who from DTP Y'all name nigga. I didn't know that heard of bro. I ain't gonna lie. Trying to be p when you when you bitching dog? Yeah, yeah I ignore. Hold on you pm nigga tap. I'm not being funny bro. Name that list again bro. Oh Playboy Cardi. He head I heard I never heard a Playboy Cardi song but unless y'all tell me what it is. Which one name a song you got? Oh yeah you just Heard Magnolia? Yeah. What is that in New York Rock. Oh a Milly Rock song. Okay, okay. I know Mil. No no not the Millie Rock song.


Oh we gotta Get you a playlist. What's it called? Playboy card is a big deal too. I'm not saying I hear a lot of people talk about Him. I just never heard this and He really don't listen to the music. This is not a trophy. I'm really Don bro. I really don't listen, don't believe we say that Dom bring it Grisly. Huh? Dom Kennedy Grisly. Yeah. Type shit. I ain't really Dom Kennedy now. No Not because of GC shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah But music wise. Yeah, especially California And what's his verse? Yeah, especially California. Yeah. Especially California and new guys. Them LA artists don't have to leave California big. They get rich going up their highway. That's why We have like four different conversations straight. That shit funny In New York.


I'm Milly Rock I than my son. Oh that's him. Oh that shit gonna go crazy at the Yeah Play mcc Record has Co followers. Yeah that shit gonna go nuts. Hey Shout to Jello Ball bro. Off one song you about to get set That's far Man I ain't mad at know That he have motherfuckers in that bitch hell do to that song bro. Damn Mil Rock song. Nah, nah. What the fuck they really rock to. They just vibe to the song about Millie rocking. Yeah. If a nigga start Milly rocking in the Playboy card console, they going probably my shit. That nigga some shit. My fault. I'm out of pocket. Shout out to Rolling Wild though. It just, it, those lineups used to be way, way more lit. I Wonder, I wonder where plays into a g rap 'cause honestly this California at the time too. But we talked about music. Only a couple people really, really put out projects last year for sure.


A lot of people staying quiet so ain't no telling what's going on. You gotta put out projects to go before. Okay, I'm I'm still trying to figure Out like how big, Like if you say I heard of Playboy Cardi who heard he big as Uzi? Yes. Okay. Yeah he's on that. I ain't gonna say as big wi in that, in that realm for sure. Okay. For sure. He has a co following. He got people to fucking party for a Lot. Yeah, I I've heard him a bunch of times. I heard his name a bunch of times I heard. Just to give you somebody who you can just think about. Yeah, I heard academics talk about him a lot too, so I know he got a big following. I he inspir you for a lot of people. A lot. He has a crazy, crazy crowd lock focus on for sure. Yeah. Tapped in. Yeah. Man, shout your ball man. That song's crazy man. To see that song blow up I want DJ loves this song.


I just think the that's the phenomenon shit bro. Fuck it. Run it up. Dj, dj. That shit hard. DJ is rhyme for you to Accidentally make it slap like that bro. That shit hard. I want everybody push it to make it a cold ass song. Why not? He Really fucked with them like We praise y all the bullshit. That shit slap let it play. I can't wait to hear that shit. I hope it lives through the summer. Yeah, he, he fucked with It. I can't wait to hear that out. It is a good song, don't get me wrong. No, I'm guessing because I fuck with it. We love Jello. But this right here bring him on stage and roll London. That that's, that's Crazy. Yeah, he need to walk out with you. Throw dj let DJ let move DJ around in the crowd because he put DJ DJ on the way.


I gotta start tapping into this younger music bro because I ain't, I ain't hip to shit. We're gonna put you on Dave Blunts. That's, that's the big dude right? Yeah. I ain't never heard nothing. Well nah, you like BX the plug. Oh yeah he the hardest, he the hardest young nigga out. Nah, he cold. Yeah Big X that's yeah I can fuck with Big X. He, he remind me of so like shit I used to listen to. Nah for sure he got some slaps idiot. Who else is younger that I fuck with? I fuck with Boss Man Dlo. Oh yeah For sure. Yeah. I fuck with Gorilla. Sexy Red. I like Jim after that I ain't really tapped. I guess I'm super commercial I guess. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We got who a young nigga I need to tap into though.


Pulse like, it's like, I don't know who you were really listening to. I like Boss man Detroit cool baby face. Right. I Say yo nigga might say V or something like that. I fuck with Skiller too. Ah yeah, I mean but I feel like they, I I feel like everybody know them though. Or maybe yeah, everybody knows Skill. I don't know who you would listen to though. For sure. Hey man sent some playlist man. My to get Up, send some me man. Because at my birthday, at my house parties be here already. Know what I'm playing. Yeah. It get real, real Trill savage. You don't whip me in this bitch. I'm want G shit. You want G That's my first play.


That's the first song every time. Yeah, he even got the nerves turning up in there and I'm gonna give it to you. You petty. They fuck with it. He's a fucking dick. Hey y'all in the pocket man. I wanted to ask y'all how y'all feel about Chris Mill coming off the bench now? That's outta pocket. Yeah, Port that he's moving to the bench. Him Bro unit You disrespected? Yeah. Get me outta here bro. Nothing bro. Yeah, I'm a, I'm a legend in Milwaukee bro. Nothing bro. Y'all nothing. Playing me off the bench is crazy bro. For what? For who though? Tour Prince State and start line up. Never man. It's time to go.


That must have been Sentel bro. Nah bro. They said basically you know I'm sending to help but Chris Haynes report to help both strip the team second unit. Know what I'm saying? Chris is moving back to the second unit. I don't know if it's long term or not, but that's what they on today. It's time for me to go Man Damn you nothing on Put me in the trade man. Who? Who? We had that trade to go in Milwaukee. Send me to Miami man. I told Y'all talking about Jimmy. Yeah, send me to Miami. I'm ready to get him out there. Damn. Ain't no fucking way bro. Ain't no way That's disrespectful bro. Y don't feel like he okay with that. Not say okay well you don't feel like he like All right, fuck you. Like I'm with it. Time him to go man. Say less. He a good nigga though so he probably chilling, you know what I mean? I don't know him definitely personally, but he said he had ankle tines so maybe giving him a break.


Yeah, I mean he got his ankles is fucked up because he, he cannot be for Tric because he kinda, he a, he a guard but he kinda walk like a fat nigga. Ah his shit kind of like heavy ankles. Yeah, heavy ankles. They kind of lean a little bit. Mm. I used to watch him, I'd be like damn them Kobes on they fuckers giving out goddamn damn. He like fuck you nigga. He some Barkleys. Yeah he need to hooping God. That's Why hoop barks is funny. I'm just saying you need all the stability Possible. Yeah, if your ankles is heavy bro, you can't hoop hooping the cool skinny to get shot. Nah, ccb fo he got what mean? He must got a fat gene in his family. Somebody on his daddy's side must be extra thick.


He took that, he got KLEs. Well We was talking about that team. I'm like damn Chris Wilson off the bench. I don't know if that helps them or not. I mean he still gonna contribute Regardless, but yeah, he gonna do his thing. But that's just interesting Mike Sand then. Okay but straight off talent bro. Nothing and shout out to we fuck with Tor and Prince but you ain't burying Chris Middleton. I don't think he think think he better than. Yeah, you fucking up the church's money doing that. But if you can get 18 points off the bench from Chris Middleton, that's, that's some good good bench production though. For real. If it makes sense That I gonna say does it switch up the dynamic for the team at all? That's the real question. It's opposite. He gonna play music. He, I know not even know Sha the Dam Mariani, but he probably like, shit I need my own little, you know what I'm saying?


I need my time. They might turn him into, because Doc Good was six man, they might turn him into Jamal Crawford or Lou will. Hmm. And Doc worked Will with six men. So it might not be a bad play. Okay. It might not be a bad play if Chris buy into it. Yeah, if he buy into it he's still gonna play starter minutes I imagine. But just think the dynamic in the role will change a little bit. Because I was gonna say, like you said, if they not gonna make any moves they gotta figure out something for that bench. Like will you talked about the whole year. But I expect that to be the move. But like you said, if you gonna contribute that way, I guess it don't matter. No. And Doc fuck with a six man heavy so they do. That's on brand for sure. Yeah.


The NFL playoffs kickoff this weekend and the action is always hitting up on the field at the drafting sports book. But the big bet this time around touchdowns and touchdowns matter more at the Draftking Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the NFL All new customers. Now is your chance to get on all the football action. New customers bet just $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sports Book. Download the app today and use promo code Club five 20. That's code COUB five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bits. If you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Playoffs. We're talking about playoffs. You bet we are. Get in on the action at DraftKings sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning in the playoffs. And you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sports Book app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


Oh, that's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I know right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room. Blinds.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard To install. No, it was easy even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look At you Hall of Fame Sun. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Ho ho Blinds.com is the goat. The Goat Shop blind stock com right now and get up to 40% off select styles. Plus a free professional measure and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 40 percent@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Get in zone AutoZone. Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? Ah, thinking about gas mileage. You know, changing your oil with a full synthetic oil like Mobil one can help your engine get more miles. Right now you can get five quarts with an STP Extended life oil filter for only 38 99. Get started on your next job today with the parts you need when you need them. At AutoZone or autozone.com Get Zone AutoZone Restrictions apply.


Hey There, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this new year. Make sure you take some time to take care of yourself and your family now through January 28th. Save up to 25% on all your favorite personal care essentials. Shop in store or online and stock up on all your favorite items like treme, shampoo, ax deodorant, dove bar soap, dove men's body wash and dove dry spray and save up to 25%. Offer ends January 28th. Restrictions apply. Promotions may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


That's crazy man. I, I'm really interested to see where Jimmy goes. Like they already said, you know what I'm saying? Memphis and David was just like no the the memo's out said do not trade for him. This is about to be a hell of a chess match between him and Pat Riley. Bro. I don't think he gonna get traded to be honest. Damn you think that just gonna stand no business to hug you? Yeah, I think he just gonna have to wait it out. He gonna have to opt out the free agency and boom. You think he gonna still shoot one Lakers when he come back? Or he gonna don't think he gonna play no more? There's no way they can have him back playing. I, I mean if they figure out something to say we'll figure out after the season if they just gonna be assholes about it but there's a way he can play that team again. If they Suspend him for the rest of the season, they gonna take all his money. They ain't gonna be able to suspend him for the rest of the season.


I think he gonna come back after them seven games 'cause it ain't, they not gonna get what they want a trade. Nah, he already forced your hand saying I'm not resigning. Yeah and you can't send him, you can't. You can trade him and send him wherever you want but ain't nobody gonna take him 'cause he going, he ain't gonna sign back And Jimmy fuck him. Be like well if y'all I'm not gonna show up where I'm not gonna play. You Gotta go want to go. He gotta want to go somewhere though. Yeah, I'm sure he want to go somewhere but they probably ain't gonna send him where they want to go 'cause they probably don't wanna take back what they willing to get like the Phoenix sons, he want to go to Phoenix and it is probably like yeah we want y'all take Bradley bill contract but Miami he probably like shit we don't want that 50 ball.


What two years or three Bro think he got two years left on the 50 here I'm swapping. I mean I feel you. I would too but just like to get something, shit something back. But I mean realistically if Miami, if it was all a perfect scenario, how much do you think they would pay Jimmy? Obviously not what he's looking for. Right. So 50 you Probably want the max. So if you don't wanna pay Jimmy that you don't wanna pay Brad 50. Not that the talent ain't there. We know Brad go down there. I think they probably gave Jimmy a three year deal. Probably like three years 1, 2 1 3 years, one 10 or something. Yeah he probably like I need three years. One 50. Shit.


Probably damn NBA boy. That shit get wicked. That's crazy. But when you good enough somebody willing to pay. But this is, this is some historic shit right here. Jimmy forcing his way out pair team and doing it his way is is crazy. And I fuck with it. It is OD though this Miami shit. But I fuck with it. I nothing bro. It's fucking up the game. NBA trash bro. A lot of people get fucked over in the NBA so somebody who get to do their own shit. I like it just from that vantage point. It's a lot of people get screwed over in business of basketball. Yeah. Long average is fuck it trash bro. I just say I was in free agency every time at the wrong time. Damn. I was in free agency every bad time of free agency. Yeah you was though. The money was down every time I was in free agency.


That's crazy. What the fuck? Why would I get drafted this year? It was a year. A year. Oh a year off every time. Yeah. Lit. Literally. Yeah the TV deals and stuff. A year off every time the next year. Yep. Fucking my age or what I did the previous year was getting like two times what I got. It's like damn. And That's interesting you say that because I remember you talking about when bay came back to the squad like he was paid Like Yeah 70 mil. I'm like the first year he should been like nah this nigga nigga got 70 million back up. You shoulda did three for 24. He should have been like three for 24. Them Three deals back then was dimmer uncanny. But if he would've signed it three you bounced back.


Could've It. I would've shook fast. Boy we wouldn't be here Where you were living at That fourth year. I would've been a booby trap legend. God look at the timing on that bro. You've signed a retarded deal. Yeah I would've been living in Miami almost Definitely. I probably still be married. I don't know. I love my wife but she is. I would never move back to India. Probably wouldn't have been back together. I don't know. But I love you though. I've been some different kind of chicken though. For real. I a different time in my life. I don't know if I would've that money, that money would've been different.


Boy ain't lying. Yeah That was Dimmer. W Sally, that Nigga, that's back when this nigga was just like, nah, fuck it. You got with me now four years, five. Yeah sure. I wasn't leaving no money on the table. That's what I'm saying. So you got football? Yeah that extra year. I, I well I take the fifth. You Talking team option. Fuck it. I'll Be, I was already, I was trying to get the bread. Damn IA got it. Woo. My house would've been, I would've lived down the street from Yeah I ain't gonna say his name. Star Island. Yeah. Nah that whose name You not gonna say he, that nigga lie. He wouldn't have moved right there. Well Star Island, he wouldn't have moved over there.


Nick, you Craig motherfucker. You always Miami. I know, I know. But you wouldn't live right there bro. You wasn't gonna live right there. You would've moved in Miami but it wouldn't have been Right. Would I say that you would, you've been a little, you really out the way a little bit. Yeah. You really a low key suburban nigga when it come to buying houses. Oh God. That's a fact. You ain't really, I probably would've lived in Indiana. I ain't gonna hold you. Nah, nah you nah, I would've been Atlanta. I ain't gonna lie. Sandy Springs. Yeah. After we saw Mike Conley got. Yeah. Yeah you'd been in that ballpark. It would've been different. I remember when he got it I was like damn I'm too late again.


That's far. Man. Shout out to Mike Conlin. He had the Same exact stats when he got that from my mama. That's crazy. Shout out to Mike When he signed that deal. It was like the biggest deal at the top and niggas was like, damn, Mike Conlin got the biggest NBA deal. It was just perfect timing bro. He made his shit work though because they, they was really fucking good too. Niggas was hating. Nah when they had that next year. Nah it was, it was smoke when Mike Conley first saw that niggas was like oh it was hate. What the fuck. Yeah like because niggas didn't understand the business for real. And I was like Lord bless him 'cause I'm right here And I came out I like yes. What 50?


That's all you gotta average is 15 to six. Yeah I was already buying my house. Zillow. Zillow, Miami. The worst house of that. Zillow, Miami. I'm looking at a 30 million. 30 million. Oh you done switch to filter from Hot Low. I'm my nigga balling. Nah, let's keep it about the eight range. Hell nah. How fast can I get the Tootsies? It was some real conversations niggas we having though. I'm sure That's crazy. I keep thinking about that time Taylor Parsons got paid too. A crazy bad. Yeah, we talked about this early. It was a couple years before that but when Lu All and oh boy Timothy Mossoff got paid.


That was the one that people was Lu Walden got paid. Lakers broke that chest. They broke that bread up so quick for them. Everybody was like what They on Had Lou though. Shout out to Timothy. You know he got his I think 64 or whatever. But shout out to my dog Lou. Hey owe Lou. Shout out to my boy Josh Smith still getting paid from the NBA. Yeah. Shout out to Josh. Shout to Lou. Seen Lou this weekend at the D Rose event. Man cool guy for Show man shout Always been great man. One of the coolest teammates I had. He, he a funny guy man. Who he wanna sit down with us and do the show too. So I'm excited about that. The most surprising person too this weekend that fucked with us that walked up to me was Ben Gordon. Ben Gordon bg. Yes. So we, We will be. Yeah, good to see Ben back in the positive life for sure man.


Yeah we He's coming on the show. Yeah, hundred percent And and his little son that was with him. Yeah. Cooper. Yeah we gonna be tapped in with him for sure. Yeah we ain't being in the all black for sure. You know what's funny? I was talking about, you know what I'm saying, we was out the about, I was like it's crazy. Us being in the same spot being like with Chance the Rapper and Rip Hamilton. That's crazy. Yeah, that's a wild de Charles chance. He really do fuck with the show. He was cool. I hollered at him in the club too. We exchanged numbers and shit. He Okay. I watch Niggas A groupie Give out his number. Writey man. Tell him who you walked up to. I was doing my, he walked up, walked up. He walked up the chain. Man listen, listen I didn't ask for a three hat. He handed me one. Oh what the three heads.


Oh I thought you said something. I said I would've asked for three head. I was like what bro, chill. Where your mind at? I thought you drinking bro. Didn't you say that? You said that. It sounded crazy. I said the three hat bro. That's his logo hat. That's the brand bro. I ain't seen that hat. Nah, he walked up to me. You know. Yeah the three hat. Yeah it's true. Tell him send us so man what's it called? I don't know. I called it the three hat. I used to hat what's the album he had? That was hard. You color Problems with me? Yeah. When the album was Out. No that was a that that changed a lot of shit up for sure. Yeah That album was hard But that's just funny. I looked over, I was like dude this is a wild scenario to be in the club and you see Rip Hamilton to O Left Rip.


Oh yeah Shout to Rip Man. And that watch is crazy not to, you know he made, he made Mike put his watch up. Definitely took the Apple watch. I was like that's crazy. Yeah you make watch. Yeah. What kinda watch Wear Ball ap something different was wasn't a regular AP was Nah was different shit. Damn you tell you took your Apple watch had niggas doing this. I was like yep, nope can't do it. Damn. I did that. Me and John looked at each other and was like yo Different, different ballpark over. Yeah J Luke had one on too. He was just like yeah When you gotta tuck your shit, I'm just tuck mine in. Yeah it is Crazy. Damn. That's tough. I also shout out to Joe Keem Noah he fucked with us too. Oh yeah. Joe King, Joe Keem and the flannels undefeated.


But we walk around the PJ's, it's up. That's how you know you do the fuck you want to. Facts. Basemore said some interesting shit. He had a post. It was like the third option in the league. Ain't no joke. And he was just like better off staying where you at? Like going around different places thinking you about to join the team and now like your production's gone down crazy 'cause you went from being 15 shots of game to three deep real quick. He was just like third option, worse than six me option. I wanted to ask you how y'all felt about that statement. That's a fact. Mm. I just look at Bradley Bill. You know he got outta Washington. He got the pick essentially he got to pick where he wanna go 'cause he had a no trade clause. You go to Phoenix, you the thorough option.


Shit looks spooky. Like we looked at Bradley, Billy's a 30 point game scorer. He was one of the leading scorers in the league at one point and now we begging him to get 15 points and now they wanna take you off the bench. The people second guessing your craft like you ain't one of them just because you went to a team became a third option. I don't know man. Third option just to depend on the player to me. But think even think about James Harden even though James hard, Deandre hu Hooter, Hudner, whatever his name is. Yeah. He said the six man row was better than the third option overall. Okay. Even think about like James Hart when he went to Clay.


I don't know. Think about, think about when he went to Brooklyn that first. When he first got there we was like damn that don't look like James. Obviously James is so good he figured it out. He just became the point guard. Yeah. So his production was down scoring wise but he just became a better playmaker. Everybody can't make that adjustment. Like Bradley bill right now can't make especially the two. Yeah. Yeah. He can't make that adjustment to go play point guard and average 10 assist. Not saying he can't, he probably more than capable of but he just don't want to. Maybe that's just not the role he fits. But James Hart had the skillset where I can, all right, I'll just play point guard. Yeah. I don't gotta score that much but I'll be a playmaker and I'm still gonna be all star like numbers. Everybody can't do that.


And I'm thinking about all the people who try to go thorough option to go link up with people. Chris Bsch, he did it really well. He fit with LeBron and them, but his production was down probably the best. Yeah. Production was down. Kevin Love production went all the way down. He went from 25 and 20 a game to Yeah, Straight corner threes pop pick and pop threes. He won a chip 15 to nine. Yeah, he won a chip but he wasn't, he didn't put up Hall Fame. It wasn't Minnesota. Nah, he was putting up Hall of Fame numbers in Minnesota. He might make the, the Hall of Fame now. Just because he is a champion. He had a great career. But the the track he was on when he was in Minnesota bro, he was about to break all type of shit.


Yeah. Wasn't shit. I stars Really leaving the team to be in a third option. Yeah. And at that point, like you said, Oh yeah Your offense suffers either. You gonna have to like you said like Chris boss was just like, all right I'm gonna be the best defender on the team. Like yeah you gotta, you gotta take a role and just be like all right I wanna win this way. Yeah but your production definitely gonna go down opposite side six man shit. You know you come to the game, we talking about Chris Millen, you get the shoot that bitch whenever you want to It. It evolves around you. Like I'm coming off the bench when I come in. It is, it's heat check time. Like I get to go crazy if I'm not hooping. That's the only thing about six men. If you not playing well you coming out. Ray Allen did well too with that in Boston with Ben. I mean but his production went straight down.


I bet his he wasn't a third option. It was really kg. Yeah, he he excelled up. Yeah KG the best teammate but they joined together but his production went down for sure. I'm just saying to where I think what Basemore was saying was where if it you get win to a team and if fucks up the vibe it makes you look bad. Nah. If you don't win like that's what I'm saying like yeah fucking up the vibe. Like it ain't really, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Don't make sense. Like KG and them went to those teams and yeah their production went down but this it made sense. Yeah. Hear What I'm also specific. He was just like, you know what I'm saying? Some of your players is at a team that they letting you do what you want to. You getting your shit off.


Hey like you said, don't go join no team and now you got a diminished role nigga you better off either making sure this situation work now or just go be off the bench. I don't know why people don't think about that when they leave though. You gotta think. You have to know that. I mean look at Paul George now. Yeah but I think Paul George did. He did essentially well mean he did what he was, he was supposed to. He went and got the money KC He did. Well he was another two LA he did well. Second option. I mean but he gave up being a main guy to go be the third guy in Philly for the money. Which is cool. I'm 100% with Paul George on that great decision. But I think as far as a basketball player Bay's is saying you don't, you not look the same way.


We don't look at Paul George the same way we did last year. Like we're at the point now where we look at Paul George. It's like yeah he, he damn near done. We say shit like that when you got a guy like Paul George who's a hall of famer. Yeah. Unbelievable talent. But he goes to be a third option for Philly and he is not playing well he is getting, obviously he's injured. Yeah but he's not playing at like we seen him play in previous years. Yeah. So now we start giving him that. He damned near dumb, you know I Less than year removed too. Yeah. Like we started giving him, he damn near it's damn near old for pg mm. And I believe he's injured too. Yeah. I I think he's injured too but that's the kind of shit happens when you need the third option. Even though it wouldn't be been out. He could have been a section, it's the second option. But he went there with intent on thinking like I'm gonna be the third option.


I'm coming to help these dudes win. It ain't, I ain't gotta be the main focal point and I'm getting a max deal. Damn. That's interesting. I see that. But I feel what he was saying though, I never been that guy. Like I'm, I would've stayed with the ship like that mud was sinking. I'm one of them dudes. I, if it's my shit, I'm riding with my shit. Yeah. You, you really success about that take for sure. For real. 'cause like you go down in history in that organization it's like I, I use it as like using Pike like to say if I would've left my senior year to go to a prep school or wherever it's a bunch of people go to Oak Hill, Mount Verb IMG.


Yeah. And they don't, they ain't legends there. Like You just know that the door, you Went there for a year, a whole bunch of people went there and was cold, you know what I mean? But then you go look at D Rose at Sion. Yeah. Legend. You know what I mean? I ain't calling myself a legend at Pike but people remember me at Pike. You are what I did. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You Are a legend at Pike. Let's be very clear About that. But that's cool. But if you went to like Oak Hill now you up there with Brandon Jennings, da da da like Cam Thomas don't even get mentioned. He the all time leading scorer, you know what I mean? When they talk about who the best players to come outta Oak Hill, they don't even say his name. It's kind of crazy. Nah, I see it. I from that standpoint, I definitely do see it. Yeah. And that's how I feel about if I was in the league.


Yeah. Like man for y'all could put my name up there. The best people in this franchise, Mike Dame did. When they talk about the Blazers, who the best player come out of Dame Even though he left, he was there long enough. But that's what they talk about. He the best trailblazer. Yeah. Steph, Come On Reggie Miller, Kobe. It ain't even a question. Damn. Yeah. Paul George could have been the best player ever. He could have been the best pitcher ever. Damn. He, He definitely could have, You know what I mean? Be honest. Gonna be the best buck, best buck ever. Like I think so. Bull. I mean Kareem was there but they gonna remember Kareem Rs I wore Lake Too. Yeah. They gonna at all. He went to the Lakers. They're not even gonna question what he like. It is Giannis for the Bucks.


Shit. Why We here, let's just run through some teams and see who, who we thinks the best player they run through this situation. Mike, With the Bulls, The no question Greatest. A Allen Philly greatest. A Allen, Philly, Detroit. Z Isaiah Thomas. Straight up question. Miami D. Wade. No question. Orlando. See that's where it gets spooky. Shaq leaves, penny leaves Dwight. Dwight Got the finals But he leaves like nobody left a blueprint. Palo State be the best one. You don't think. I wonder who that get a no to Between Shaq and and Dwight. 'cause it was Both, Shaq was only there for four years.


Yeah, but he is a kickoff to that shit though. Yeah, But they all left and they played Peak. Dwight left at his peak. He damned their MVP. He dipped up. Dwight damned her number one bro. That's interesting to say, number one. But that's what I'm saying. They left it up for, for for grabs and now PA Pablo can possibly be the best of East State. Keep calling that nigga Pablo. What's the nigga name man? Pablo. Pablo. Stop watching them drug documentaries bro. My Hornet name is Paola Pablo. That's his name. Ain't Paola Out of Pocket Hornets. Who the best order Bar Davis? I don't even know who was a hoard.


Larry Johnson. We should count the Bobcat Too. A playing sports since it's Kimber Walker. Yeah. Kimba I, I'll take Kimba is the best. Hornet? No. Yeah. Larry Johnson. I'm trying to go through next that Kimba. Yeah, Kimber's the best. Hornet. I love Kim. Yeah. Shout to Kemba man. Shout To K do Kemba the best. Hornet BD. Uhuh. You go Keball for Bd. I'm not. I got You. Go BD over Kemba. Yeah I got Kemba. Okay. Love Team Clippers. Who was the best Clipper Ka. That's crazy. Chris Paul, Blake Griffin. Who they pick Bob Oo bad.


Bob McAdoo. McAdoo. Oh he respect To all schools. Oo, He never said throwback. He lead one. He's the Rockets. I'm Hakeem Elijah. If it wasn't him, I say boy you Hakeem Elijah. My bad. They about to kill me. Hakeem, Elijah, I Forgot about. Nah, Keem got too bad though. Let him say it again. Say it again. Hakeem. Elijah All. There we go for sure. San Antonio, Tim Duncan. Easy Money. I'm going through Teams Knicks. This what shit get dicey. Molo? Nah, the Knicks. Im gonna go with Patrick. Ew. It's quiet. That's a hell of a conversation.


No it ain't. Or Wal Frazier. Patrick Ung or Wal Frazier. Ah, we ain't gonna say the old school but if you gonna say F ain't mad but who They got Patrick? Ew. Yeah. Who's Two? If they have that we Don't Have to. Okay. That's a hell. A conversation. A lot of people gonna say Pat. A lot of people gonna feel like Mellow too. Who the Best Hawk? Dominique Wilkins. I ain't mad at that. Mm. Any other names y'all might think of? I'm saying iso. No, you said Joe Johnson. Ah, Hell nah. Dominique Wilkins. I like do Wilkins though. Dominic Wilkins got like 28,000 points. Yeah he got, he got some OD Shit. That's is my favorite. Iso Sacramento Kings Probably Chris Weber.


Mm. Chris Weber's better than everybody to play for the Kings bro. They got Oz Robinson For the Kings that I Yeah, we ain't really going that far back. Oscar. Yeah. I would go and see. We too See we better than everybody bro. I can't think of nobody else from the Kings that I be but look, think of Dion, Fox State. He'd be the best king ever. I gonna say that. It's true. People to conversation. Say the Wizards. Nah, west. Yeah. Gonna say it's gonna be Westtown himself for sure. Yeah. Utah. Carl Malone, mailman. You gonna Carl or you going John? I'm going with the mailman. I'm going with John. Why you fucking with the don't?


I'm going with Carl. He got a lot of buckets but yeah, he a fan. He a fan. Advantage One. I say Oklahoma. Okay. See that's Supersonics Russell. Westbrook Supersonics. Russell Westbrook. Gary Peyton. I'm going Russell Westbrook. They said Gary Payton. I'm going Gary Peyton going Russell Bro. That's quiet. Russell West. Gary Pay never Been MVP gp. He Ain't never been on MVP. Kevin Dur Ram because he moved. Yeah, I mean I'm going Gary Payton super song. I'm gonna go Russ Westbrook Thunder. Then I'm separating him. That's what I mean. Like kd he don't got no home. He the coldest but like nah you gotta go Russ. You have to give it to Russ.


He got if VP Triple Love there. KD is Definitely a A temptation. What about the Pelicans? That's New Orleans Cp. Yeah, you gotta say CP in that situation for sure. I wonder if they retired here Jersey. They Should. They the greatest se gave Bill Russell Ka Say Bill Larry Bird. They not put Paul up there. Larry Bird and Paul Pierce Longevity. Jason Tatum stay. Oh, I was gonna say at some point you gonna have to put Jason Tatum above Paul Pierce. Yeah. If he stay, he gonna be the greatest. He's gonna stay though. I don't think he leaves. If he stay, he gonna have to put above Paul Pierce.


He gonna be the greatest.


Hey Guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about Fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than You Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you could be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Get in zone Auto Zone. Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? I think my battery's dead with free battery testing and charging. We can help you get back on the road. Get in. So auto. So what if I need a new one? We have the right Durast battery for you. Only at Auto Zone. Get in Sour Auto. And what about my old battery? We can recycle it right here at America's number one battery destination. Get auto zone restrictions apply.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup Dave. I know right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room. Lime.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it's easy even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and schedule a professional measure and install. Look at you Hall of Fame Sun. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in the world. Ho blinds.com is the goat. The Goat Shop blinds.com right now and get up to 40% off select styles. Plus a free professional measure and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 40 percent@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway this new year. Make sure you take some time to take care of yourself and your family. Stock up on your favorite personal care items now through January 28th and earn four times the points to use towards discounts on groceries or fuel shop in store online or in the app for items like Pantene shampoo, old Spice Body Wash, Pampers Swirlers diapers, Venus Razors and Crest Complete toothpaste and earn four times points on your purchase. Offer ends January 28th. Visit safeway.com for more details.


He ain't gonna be better than Larry. Larry got some be banners but he'll be right there for show and stats are gonna be so crazy. His hat's gonna be OD. Who the best Denver Nugget. The best Denver nugget of all time. I don't like this tough conversation Nicole. Yo, we have to say yo Kish though. No Nicole. Yo it's not fair. It's not, it's not even close. Somebody brought this up on Twitter. I forgot who but respect. They was just like, it's crazy that you ever have somebody take an Allstar number and it take it to the next level because that 15 and Denver might stand for Yoic just instead of mellow. As much as I don't like to even say that, it definitely stands for Yoic over as much as I I've lived that baby Blue Nuggets jersey. It's a lot of people that's gonna say that 15 stand for Yolk A yo a Yoic jersey. That was my point. A Yoka jersey. Not swaggy, But in 10 years from now, 10 years from now you can wear Yoic jersey.


That's fine. No you can't. You Can't, you can't mitchellness a yo 10 years niggas. You know this is, this is, this is what I hate about black people. Black people. Yeah because y'all would just be capping about a lot of shit. Nobody, nobody wore a foreigner throwback ever. Mutombo the only foreigner nigga that y'all wore as a throwback. I had a, I had a niggas did not wear no dirt in a Winky jersey. I got a Pedro bitch Kings jersey. I'm tapped in the Dries and pet bitch joint. That goes crazy. Fire. Yeah The Nets Fire throwback. You just rocking that though bro. I Swear to God, if I could've afforded, I would've got it. Exactly.


I couldn't Afford it. I'm saying Exactly 10 to 15 years now. Yo. Y'all gave me Dragon Petro Tap because you knew that bitch cost and that bitch was so raw. Yeah I couldn't even, that blew with the bread. That was a sax fifth Jersey. I'm talking about your local Champs Foot Locker bro. Mutombo was hit bro. Yeah, that That dragon, the Foreign throwbacks is not hitting bro. That one Was hitting bro. That's, I still want to drive. That was hard. Yeah, that's that's a heat ass jersey too. Yeah, But I I You got 16. I'll give you pager. Was one of us, his son Cole too by the way. Son Kahoot Speaking that we at n what team? Who the best player to go through Net? Vince? Woo. J, J Kid Jason, kid Vince bro.


Ooh I'm, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna roll J Kid, he got to the promised land twice. He ain't get the dub but that's a lot to ask for. He went crazy. Vince was raw in New Jersey. Nah, our best rapper of all time Nigga Ho fuck is we doing? What My nigga ho. Oh. I'm like damn we talking about basketball. I said rap her Raptor. Oh. Nigga said Rap conversation. Rap Said rap. So you made rap. Rap sometimes nigga What is that? Is this a Rock Nation team or something? The fuck outta here nigga. Hope it's crazy. Fuck you.


You taking Kauai over Vince? Hell no. Vince Carter. Okay, if y'all gonna give J Kid the next then for sure Vince. Yeah. So does Vince got a better rapper career than DeMar de Rosen? Man it is Vince Carter man we ain't going look at their career But Kaw got the better up Vince Carter turned fucking Canada up. Y'all can't say that then if y'all give niggas one, one stop shops like you can't say that then bro. I pulled up a year bro. Got a crack and I'm the goat. It dipped out. Oh it can't be that nigga. Time Canada up gotta be bitch In this case PG better than Reggie ain't else we got going on. He Was to the finals. Yeah, let's move on from that conversation.


That's okay. He That's the finals bro. As much as you know, I don't wanna give Reggie any credit. He wins to the finals bro. I Gotta respect you Jim. Rose Dub. Shout to Jay Rose. We need everybody. Lakers. I got it. Alright. Magic, magic. I'm gonna go with magic. Hell nah nigga Kobe way better than magic. He tweaking. You going with Kobe? Tweaking. It's Kobe. I'm tweaking. Tweaking. I like magic Too. That's funny. I was gonna see how far they went. Pause but yeah, I was gonna say Kobe niggas gonna say Kobe. That's crazy. I ain't mad if they say magic though. They say magic. He turned that bitch up. Yeah, them them micro fans. They gonna say Kobe and Har ain't Walked Kobe Carron bro. I don't know. It might be magic bro. He turned that bitch up. I played 20 years here bro.


I'm asleep bro. But I turned it up though and I played my whole career here too. Hey Shaq turned Orlando up. Y'all put, y'all said Dwight Shaq and nothing. Nothing. We did the same shit. Nothing. Kobe played 20 years bro in LA bro. Had a way better career than you bro. Good question. I mean that's Good. Cool. Let's see Comments for that. Grizzlies, Did he have a better career than magic? Kobe? What? Talk about comparing apples to apples ring now I'm just, oh my bad. Apples to Yeah we already talking About two greats too though. Which is, it is a, it is gonna be slim comparisons for show. Nah, it's a landslide. You said Memphis Grizzlies? Yeah. I don't even know if they was out long enough to have a s my bi Vancouver.


I don't even think they had enough. I'm Going J No That's disrespect I got, I ain't going JI gonna say I'm I'm me out of pocket. I got Zebo. We gotta talk about them. The Graw team Stro out Swift. I got a Zebo. I'm not mad at Zibo Zebo Marcus Hall I'm not mad at though. I got Zibo the best Zebo for sure. Yeah I'm out of pocket for that one. That was funny. Listen damn that's it. Hey that's funny man. It's a lot of cold ass niggas to play in the league though. But it is gonna, a lot of these conversations people gonna be pissed about. I can't believe we admit that yo shit like that easily. But it is true. Unfortunately it Is true. Yeah. I didn't say the Phoenix Sons though either though. You know it was damn. Even Phoenix Sons the greatest Phoenix son is Charles Barkley. Respect. Damn. I Steve NI Want y'all to mention my nigga that shit we can move on.


Nah. Yeah. Yeah I don't, I don't give a fuck either one of 'em too. I ain't mad at Barley either. I'm Steve man. I'll take Steve now. He got twin pizzas. You got twin pizzas up there. That's the reason that go. I'll Text Steve Nash Nice. Broley one of the there do it. We're not doing that to you Bart. I got who was but like to ask this question. Who more out of pocket Jason Woodlock. Nevermind. Jason Woodlock never Say you can say that name again. Nevermind. Why did he say that? They asked him. They said so what would you gonna do if you had to work with her Now that's been the best rebuttal I've seen all that. They was like, So you say all this but what happens if you had to work with her, you couldn't control yourself. I'm like see that's that shit. Yeah. He was like be careful who asked him that? My lord.


What are they doing in the media? Hey, why they, why they show what she had on the next day at work. She had on a full nun outfit. Ah, damn. She playing the role. Yeah, I ain't mad at her though. She playing the game the right way. I Hey is that really not to be that kind of messy, but did she do anything wrong? Allegedly we don't know what's happened in this situation. I mean you can't allow to fuck with who you wanna fuck with. Well There are certain things in contracts that don't allow you to like, you know, fraternize with you are calling Coworkers. We don't got HR here. I'm, I'm saying this very carefully. You Can't really fraternize with your coworkers in certain situations but realistically she's a grown woman.


She'd be doing what the fuck she wanna do. Can't you run mouth out it? But yeah, that's, that's a mess of what they fuck I got Going. I they I'm just asking questions from that aspect. Yeah. Yeah. I I mean grown, I mean if she's doing it to gain advantage it is out of pocket. You the part, the part where you tell her to get over it. Like that part I didn't tap into that part. I'm speaking that part is There's a lot of yeah a lot of shit that I Wanted to make sure you speaking on the part where you I'm just speaking on. Yeah, I'm just speaking on you. Like who you like Speaking on other people visiting the bedroom. It's not your business. Yeah. Speaking on Joy Taylor. If she date, allegedly if she dated whoever she wants date. Well I hate all that shit But they also say you know allegedly it's not really, well not allegedly it's not good if you're superiors are dating someone who is amongst What About your that was the same thing at Walmart man.


Motherfuckers still getting drug through the mouth. I was gonna say now I'll being hard. A lot of people fuck coworkers Often. God damn my my GM was just thumping at my fucking cashier. Now when you're doing that and holding things over people's head or promotions or things of that nature, you outta fucking pocket now you but people have been fucking coworkers for a long time. Yeah, yeah. Some of y'all the coworkers that are fucking actually everybody Just stop being weird about this shit. Like everybody got a work husband. Yeah like That Thursday for Amazon. Like every girl got a work husband. Let let people Tell Oh the oh the work husband. They told us about that two years ago. The work husbands, Everybody got work husbands, which I think is worse. The work husbands or the work wives. The Work husbands. I Ain't never had a job so I wouldn't the NBA won.


I would say so but we, we are, we are trying be. I had some shit boy. I hate it man. Man B on him on the show man. Nah man I ain't do that. What the, when you winning the NBA is a little bit more serious than the, than the regular nigga world like Yeah. Who you want to work? Who You want the show show? Nah man. Man I'm gonna be at home today. Oh my god Stall bro. You know I had some PR shit, you know what I'm saying? I was cracking up 'cause everybody was like that's so great. I'm like listen y'all have been fucking coworks in the beginning of time, don't y'all ask.


So flabbergasted the shit In true every, that's what I'm saying. I hate when everybody goes crazy about shit. People are not realistic online bro. Everybody got regular ass jobs. Y'all know motherfuckers is getting cracked and I'm sure when y'all watch at y orientation videos they say please keep your hands off this girl. Yeah. Dating coworkers. I'm Gonna just touch her afterwards. Like that's just what it is bro. Can you give my, I think every, I think every nigga that crack something at they job, Everybody has attempted to talk somebody at workplace if you have not done. Yeah so at some point, Especially if you've been working since you was like 18 or something like that, like niggas is violating them rules all day. If you see something you like you ain't even thinking about your job.


Nah, niggas crash out for less. Yeah. A paycheck ain't stopping somebody from getting a cracking with somebody. Yeah. Yeah That's all I was saying. I wouldn't, I don't really, she can date who she wants that bro. I was but I think when you up in them type of fields they do ask you to chill out. I mean I would imagine you wouldn't want to date your boss. I mean shit, It's a lot that goes in there. 'cause I, we again, we don't know what's what we just talking about some stuff life. It's in general that shit's crazy. But Yeah, we ain't really tapping. We just talking about her dating who Shawan. We really don't give a fuck about what they got going on to be Honest. Yeah give us all the F1 for sure. But yeah if it's nasty work going on, make sure it's cleaned up. But that shit's crazy. Yeah. I ain't really tapped. I really don't give A fuck them putting that smart on Skip. I don't work. FS one the 1.5 they put on Skip. It is crazy bro. But yeah, I told y'all on the show that wasn't supposed to be 1.5.


You could do that to my legacy bro. Point five bro. He offered 1500. I know. And it's a hairstylist. It's no disrespect to you. No hairstylists getting money. I know a few but I'm saying like 1.5 Skip. Come on bro. It's gotta, it's gotta, let me ask y'all this. What, what could y'all do with 1.5? What would you do? Shit. But you had to spend it. Yeah and I can't say that either. What they say in Miami? Not one, not two, not three. You said if I had 1.5 you had to spend it though 'cause he was willing to spend it on that box. What would you spend a 1.5 on? You had to spend it though on one thing. Yeah, just P crib.


I'm about crib. I about crib too. I wasn't gonna say nothing because y'all know what I gonna say. What you, you about crib Make stall. If I had to don't do one point. Yeah that was directed to, to Mike Sierra. Oh That's crazy. 1.50 Kanye, Mike, Craig. Listen, respect women and I don't think that can be purchased. Okay. That's a fuck. I joking bro. IY if I had to it just a crib right crib bro. Why not talk? He always trying to get us in trouble bro. He's, that's why he, he couldn't wait to go home sir. Can't wait for you to see what those guys said on the show. We was talking about Types and be here and Jeff got it.


Go said Jeff only like light-skinned girls. Yeah. Oh be he only like Natural Pro. Oh put that one on me. Fuck it. Yeah Mike, because that's what CI said to us on the phone. This nigga our phone, one of our main niggas now is going home laying down on that conversation. It's okay. Answer the FaceTime. She say beef, I say all the light skinned girls down it's beef. That's crazy. I put this spot on my day. Wow. I love all these queens. Chris Smith, mulatto Black Dark Chocolate.


Tell I'm the Canman, I'm a Canman. Anybody can get it. Oh man. Before we get outta here I wanna ask you how I feel about this. The Chiefs last game, they basically sat so the Broncos could win so they wouldn't let the Bangals in the playoffs. Smart. How y'all feel about that situation? I mean I fuck with it. They Struggled with the Bengals, the Bangals and one knocked them out before I the only team that beat 'em in the playoffs so far. Like why wouldn't I? Yeah the Beos had a terrible start but they're a team I would not wanna seen in the playoffs. They're not a low seated team at all. We talked about this in the league Because the Bankos beat the one you on my wallet. Oh yeah, I was gonna say I think they took care of them once before Super Bowl run if I'm correct. Yeah Listen as good as that team is, that's probably one of the few teams offensively that could fuck with them like that.


Yeah. Sorry. We'll we'll play Denver again. What we talking about to get them out there. I don't wanna see y'all. That's crazy because I remember it happened with the coach one year when they left the Jets into the playoffs on some fookie shit sitting out the stars and stuff and then the Jets ended up going to like the A FFC championship. Yeah that ain't never happened again. Talking about the coach in the playoffs. Touche. Yeah then that ain't happen this year either. Give real soon. Shout to Zaire though. Getting that Pro Bowl and they was hating. They can't handle that shit. My boy in the Pro Bowl game. All them fans talking shit about Zaire shut up. He made they talking Shit for it. Oh. They been talking greasy about my boy man. Because he made the Pro Bowl Then was like he care more about the pro Bowl than winning. I'm like he lead the league tackles. Yeah. Why wouldn't I care more about the you shoulda got last year.


Yeah, Before. So you, So you get paid off of what you do on the field? I'm doing what I supposed to do. I I'm supposed to make tackles. Yeah. If I can't help the, the people get past fucking Ass. What you want me to do? Yeah I can't help the rest of my defenders. It's trash. Nah we ain't doing that. What you mean I'm doing my job? Nah, I'm not saying they not trash not I'm just speaking for him. Nah he didn't. He's not saying they he I don't want you not to speak for him. I am speaking for him. I did my job for yourself. You know why got all these tackles because none of you motherfuckers to get in the back. Nah, DS ain't doing shit I think. But defense tackles EJ was up there in tackles this year too. Nah, AJ was going crazy too.


Fucking I see what y'all was doing. You fucking linebackers you. Yeah. Y'all didn't give a fuck that doubt about that team with the be tackle. Hey EJ get paid my nigga. Fuck t talking about my kids fuck with t talking my mama get paid. You get paid To tackle people. They tackle a lot of niggas. That's What they supposed to do nigga. Yeah. Fuck Tackle Tackle boy. All that means is your deep tackles in your fucking Ds is trash. Well I ain't gonna say that they got some decent players but as a whole the coach need to get well soon. They got a lot of stuff they Gotta figure out but the defenses right. This year Wasn't high. That's what I'm saying. Get well Soon. Nah but way to make plays like I'm joking man. I don't know shit about football so y'all can say fuck me, I don't care. I'm just fucking with you 'cause you always talk shit like I can't run your ass over.


All Right. They want their content still. They still Want it was. I ain't fucking with them crazy one niggas, niggas don't mind catching CTE for content. Yeah I ain't fucking with they crashing Up for contents. Not unheard Of. Let me leave you alone like I'm joking you two God because serious E Yeah 29. How many teams in the league? There's 32 teams. They the 29th in the League. Yeah they they were not a good defensive team this year by any means. They weren't good at team at all this year. That's top to bottom. It was crazy As they could have been made playoffs be a pro of your team 29th and defense. You cold. That's hard. He really don't give a fuck. That's hard. That's I did my job. Saquon was supposed to go The record had the same energy for Mellow Melo make.


Yeah look at him. Yeah his energy. I don't give a fuck about football. See what I'm saying? See look at his energy. This shit crazy shit. Football always shit fuck the people. I like that shit crazy. I like Zaire shit crazy. I like that's like Saquon. I like them. They're all the quarterbacks. My favorite receiver is T Higgins nigga like all the quarterbacks in Deandre. That's crazy. Damn. What's my nigga name? D Hop? Yeah I like what's the quarterback that be fucking up Jamis Winston. You know Dewan Jones Even though he hurt, that's my nigga Chad of Dewan. I fuck with the Diggs brothers just because they be in the streets.


Hey literally. Yeah. Be careful Be outside Tyre Hill niggas are funny. Yeah. Oh they whoop somebody Allegedly the family I love them man. They still no bitch in bro. You gang for real man. Send me some Asics bro. Yeah I fuck with them. Yeah bitch nobody on 49 ERs. That's crazy. But nah you, you having a bad year. I love the 49 ERs as an organization. Deebo. Now you Like John Lynch and shit? Yeah, Deebo was my nigga but he started dressing funny like the crop cheese fucked you up. Yeah I was like damn. I know, I know he a solid nigga. I fuck with Deebo but I was just confused this year. But nah, shout out to Deebo.


Yeah and then you know I fuck with my favorite running back. We don't gotta speak on him. He hurt Achilles tendonitis in both Achilles. We might be done. Yeah He gonna say it might be. Might be that's a hell of an injury to come back on Bro. Yeah, ACHI Tinnius and both Achilles. It might be a rap but get healthy my dog. Yeah Man. CMC give. Well so for Shout out to the family man. The McCaffery family. Family. Yeah but Some of my guys shout to the Chiefs man. I feel like the chief's about to go get another chip. Man. Pat Mahomes got some rest. I think it's about to get spooky. Where is Shado and Travis going to the streets You see? Yeah. Yeah I gonna say that's gonna be interesting to see where they go. I mean Travis probably should go well but he ain't, 'cause I'm sure the Titans probably may want a quarterback. I don't know. I'm See I don't even care.


We'll see I'm just happy. That's man field change their life. I mean they was already rich but to get drafted to the NFL to live they dreams gonna be dope. Watch they they whole journey. I seen Buddy sign with young money. Yeah he's clowning now. Is this serious though? Like He hey Chill got come on bro. Somebody helped that. He Did listen to Lil Wayne bro and then, you know what I'm saying now he locked in. Yeah he heard Carter listen to Wayne to signing to us. He heard Carter Too bro. So I got that Bro Heard all that troll of ass shit man. K Bite the bro. Oh did he projected to go to the The Giants. Y'all think he sound a Lil Wayne for real? Probably did Y Money shit is real.


That's not joke. You said who rejected Travis Hunter. But I'm saying that's I'm, he was trolling bro. That's official. I mean no I'm saying that's the word. That's the mock. Everybody was mad like I thought he didn't listen to him. If y'all think this nigga grew up where he grew up and did not hear one Lil Wayne song, y'all out pocket. That girl did not put him on Lil Wayne bro. I ain't gonna lie to you bro. He I, he kind of ain't like a nigga though. He black but he kinda like square, like square. Ain't nothing wrong with it but just like ain't nothing wrong with being a sport. I not been just tapped in in that situation. Yeah. You know what I mean? He might not look any yogurt too. I know to look at him before he got to Colorado.


He might not have been there bro. He might not have been all the way tapped in. Yeah He might not have been tapped in bro. That keeps showing He got game pick old girl with a agent. It was like yeah I know Lil Wayne, that's my dog. I was like man this is fucked up man. Let that man win Bro. Let that man win. Oh man that's funny. That's one of the best ones I've seen. I haven't seen that. I need that Eighth Crazy I it I got, they put it in my Instagram role. That's funny. You Listen man. It's gonna be a great playoff weekend for show. We'll see what happens when we come back. We got some new merch coming. Very, very, very. So You know a motherfucker wrote me and said bro my merch been pending for three weeks. No way. No please tap in. We'll get that squared away. Did we have Club five 20 hoodies though? I know people don't want I order about boot three weeks ago.


We just sold out. We just sold out. We just ordered a whole batch and sold out. We got a whole new design. Everything coming soon. Yeah For sure. We got dope shit coming up soon. Sorry but if y'all order did not get fulfilled, please tap in that. We take that very soon. We'll Ain't send you shit because we are very diligent about that. Most lying about orders. You lying bro. They don't be sitting shit on time. My mama still waiting for her order. That is not True. Your mom does not have to wait in the mail for any five 20 Me See you fucking up your home bread. Hey man we get outta here. I'm sorry dude. We'll be back next time. Club By 20 man they get your me there on time. The Volume


Kroger brand products have the great taste. You'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products making them a true crowd pleaser and with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


A, B, C, Wednesdays, Tim Allen and Kat Dennings Star in the new family comedy. Shifting gears. Dad, I am broke and I need a place to stay until I figure out what the rest of my life looks like. So a couple of Days open when his daughter moves back in the last Time he walked out that door. You looked back at me and gave me a double bird. I was 18. The double bird was how I ended all our conversation. The Wheels come off. Can We try to talk to each other like rational adults? Have you watched the news lately? That's not a thing anymore. New Wednesdays eight seven Central on a, B, C and stream on Hulu.


Now on BET. Wednesdays at ten nine Central BET plus original series Diara from Detroit. From executive producer Kenya Barris and BET Studios comes what variety calls a PI drama with Flair Meet Diara Brickland. A public school teacher turned amateur private eye after the disappearance of a very hot date. With the help of her friends and even her ex-husband. Dara's on a mission to find her missing lover. Diara from Detroit is now on BET. Wednesdays at ten nine Central


Get In zone. AutoZone, Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? Ah, thinking about gas mileage. You know, changing your oil with a full synthetic oil like mobile one can help your engine get more miles. Right now you can get five quartz with an STP Extended Life oil filter for only 38 99. Get started on your next job today with the parts you need when you need them. At AutoZone or autozone.com get Into our AutoZone Restrictions Apply.


How did I grow my business and ditch financial spreadsheets? Well, the truth is I have QuickBooks. It helps me manage my business like I manage my podcast newsletter and my TikTok. I can manage my cash flow, get insights and more all in one place so I can feel more confident about my business's finances. And with QuickBooks Live experts when I need them, it's like I've got a bigger team behind me and who doesn't like support? Get 50% off QuickBooks Online Advanced and payroll Duration, period, three months terms and conditions apply.