
Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring, Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I speak with California Governor Gavin Newsom. Is there any chance of increased tax breaks for the movie business? We're gonna double It. You are. I propose that a few months ago and that was right before the fires. What are the fires only reinforce, right? The imperative. And also working with all our friends, You know, the the who's who of Hollywood saying it's time to double down on bringing production back to California, particularly this time of recovery and renewal. I said to my legislative friends, I said, there's no budget. I'll veto the budget. If we don't get it done, it's gonna get done. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Alright man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Same gang with me to my left. We got my dog Bishop be he out the Pearl Leagues. How you what? Nasty cool and nasty. What's happening baby? Chilling. How you living brother? Cool man. Enjoying my weekend man. For sure. For sure. So I right my dog. Young Nacho Young Teague. How you what? I'm chilling bruh. Drake go boo. Hell tax 2 7, 6 2. I just want a bus at you. I fuck with that too. That's the hardest shit out right now. I girl so I don't even know who the young boys is but that song been stuck in my head all day. Hey You know Teague stayed 2008 playlist for him to be fucking with the young niggas right now.


Yeah. And be him fucking with the young niggas with Cardi too. Yeah, fuck with the Cardi production now the lyrics, all this shit is is is different. But he got some shit on there man. I feel, hold on. Which one he, the one Kendrick. Kendrick killed a good credit song he got on there. It's fire. Okay, so which one is Cardi? And he wore a thong. I I don't know what he, I ain't gonna put them allegations on him but yeah, that's what somebody said. Didn't they say Yeah before that or something like that? Oh they probably be wilding bro. Them them niggas Malcolm ages. They different bro. Yeah, yeah they the is Rick Owens did. Yo he saw me bro. Oh bro. Rick Owens song is crazy.


Malcolm, do You know who Rick Owens is bro? He is a real bottom boy bro. You can't even celebrating him on this show. 7 6 2 I just bought up You. They just brought me to the boondocks. It's a dog but it's designer though. Delicious, delicious dude. The homie man. Nah man, he got a lot of shit on there. The whole album. I think he got like 30 songs on there is Fire. He got 30 songs. He has 30 songs on album. Wow. Future on there. Y'all know I don't be doing the names of songs and shit. Trim, trim some shit like that fire the him and Thug is fire. Yeah bro. Some cool 30 songs.


It's a lot of songs. Yeah bro, I ain't gonna be able to listen to that many songs bro. Y'all, y'all gotta wait till they drop and now tell me to fire shit also now. Oh I should tell you how much I'm locked in. Hey listen, he has a co following. I believe it nigga. I seen how people was talking when it was supposed to drop and they, he didn't drop it or something happened. I don't know. I used to watching academics and academics was going crazy like the people that we like are tapping into him 'cause he used to do a bunch of shit. Doley like maybe he did some stuff. You know the young niggas be keeping me tapped in. He used to do shit with like Uzi and them other wild, You know I see Openly Wild nigga like that type of vibe. For sure. So now Future and all them Step, what is his vibe?


Is it like Travis Scott? That's how you Yep. Okay. It's a little bit different Travis. He not, yeah it's, it's more he don't got no, he ain't like a bar rapper. He more of a, nah, he not a borrower. It is like it is a mosh pit. Oh okay. It's the same shit. All he can do a whatever the shit Travis, what's it called? Yeah, tra Travis is more aal. What's the shit with the mouth called on Astroworld? Yeah, Drake crazy. I got so where they at? I listen the killer Cardi, he is one. Cardi can do a Astroworld for sure. Alright. All right. I'm have to tap in. I ain't, I ain't really heard. Yeah, he like a closer for like rolling loud. He big. Alright, hold on. On. So, 'cause I get them confused.


I not no disrespect 'cause I'm, I'm assuming Cardi is one of the bigger rappers and I hear his name a lot. So one of them mess with Iggy as Elliot. Is this him? I you you I promise that's the one I got. Okay, okay. Yeah I like him. I like him. I like him. Yeah they all I tap in he would confuse him or risk the kid a lot. Boom. There you go. That's plug. I can think of it because he bridge, the kid got the, the pretty girl off Instagram right. Oh he like sent the tweet out. Yeah, I fuck with him. So. So You know all niggas off the court allegations? Nah because it always on Instagram because he posted one. He said who is this? And then he knocked her up. Yeah he was like, she took who was this and then six months later that's my baby mama.


He he gangster for that. Y Niggas be clowning all cri not for Dribble. I always expect. Yeah I was like damn Manifest that get to Spot King for sure. But whoever's on the production on that card be album, I'll fuck with it. Alright, shout to Cardi. Hey mans Marsh Madness man. I want to ask y'all this question. I'm gonna name out a couple random schools And you tell me what shoes you was wearing if you was at that school. You know what I'm saying? Getting your shit off. First off UNC. What shoes you wearing? Who me? Yeah, or whoever. Oh the Columbia. Yeah I was gonna say I'll probably go with the open Columbia Abby. That's, that's the only one that match right there. Damn. Yeah, I'm trying to hoop after the game too. Nah, no shirt chain my shorts that I hooped in.


It'd be fire be fire you a foul nigga to hoop 40 minutes in New Jordans and then take them to the club. Brooke Lopez did it. Either them either of them or the ice blue tens powder Blues. Yeah. Damn I got some thinking damn UNCI didn't never fuck with the fifteens. Oh you whiling all right with a, with a little bit of Yeah. Yeah. Your feet hurt heavy foot. Oh yeah, I'm gonna die for sure but I'm getting fed off for short blistered. That's the steel toe nigga Hooped in some 10. I like them 15. They ugly but I fuck with 'em. I love Jordan fifteens. Ill fuck with them but I'll probably go with them tens or them elevens so.


Alright. Arizona, what shoe you rocking? Arizona? Just for nostalgia. I probably hoop in the phones. Yeah. What's the hardest shoe to hoop in the 15 or fall 15? I try to hoop in the 15 before them. That wasn't it. Damn. I hooked in a phone before it was cool but Arizona I probably wear them. I'll probably wear them phones just 'cause of nostalgia. They started that shit. Yeah. Or I'm in the Barclays. Damn I'm in the paint or I'm walking to red and white fourteens if we at home. That's tough. Yeah, candy canes for sure. Yeah I'm in the Barclays Red, white and blue is a school you can't miss with at all.


Yeah you throw, you really throw anything on. Fuck it. All right, Michigan. Mm. I'm actually gonna do any all black shoe. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe them see webs though. Yeah I don't, that'd white and blue Sens sensations for sure. The black I'm hooping in the white and bloomers and the black and blue. I want any color. Yeah I'm hooping in sensations or the the uptempo that you just, that you just had on. Oh yeah, all black U 10 plus with the white swoosh. Yeah, yeah, yeah I get them off too. That's how, because you gotta wear the black socks for the Yeah, for the history one. Yeah.


That's crazy. They started that shit that didn't match nowhere close at all. But I fuck with it. Something so basic nigga that's trendy. Yeah. You didn't remember F five I two got. Oh. Oh. WWE with a black and white license. You never the revolution yourself. Right. Shout out to the game for sure. What's another random school? UCLA Mid footwork on CLA. Maybe the Columbia. I'm gonna the fourteens. I'm hoping Columbia White. Yeah, that's really, yeah that's really it. Yeah. I ain't never really seen niggas getting they shit off at UCLA.


That's a team Adidas, that was all Adidas. Right. That's a team. I can't even think because he can't, they damn near something else now though. That might be Jordan. Jordan. Yeah they switched back to Jordan. Oh I know they shit crazy. They still can't get jiggy out there because Russ and it was going crazy. The Adidas not getting fits off. Damn. Russ is Pride. They what's the name too? Yeah, the play Pride. They anchor for the shoes. Yeah, this quiet. Okay. Think of though. Yeah you saw maybe the, if I'm really just wilding I can do the right thing. Threes hard. That's low key kind of fire. Yeah I ain't mad at that. Yeah I fuck with that. Alright, last and certainly but not least we gonna take it to the SEC and go Florida.


Ah I'm wearing the fours, the the gator fours. Okay. Yeah they pee as is fire probably whatever them royal blue foams are. I'm hoping in them. Nah, them fours right there. Them gator fours. You hooping in the PEs? What? Clowning. Oh what's the, what's the Jordan's name? I don't even know my numbers. I had to tap in them probably one of the Ps. They Royal blue. They got the strap over the front. Hey nah they they backing on the back end doing eight. Nah they backing the number. Nakeds, you keep calling not the but Nakeds. You said Paul they got the strap 18 was it the 18?


18 top big Shield 19? Yeah. Are you nineteens big shit. Yeah definitely. You talking about eighteens this right here. Lemme see. Nah he talking about the S. You talking about draw nineteens? Nah, them right there Mike. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Eighteens yeah. Yep. I'm hoping Shield. Yeah I'm hooping with them. I like them white and royal blue ones all Yeah them. I ain't mad at that. I'm pair though. I'm hoop Florida in the black and Boo with the home games for sure. Now that Jordan 19 with that motherfucking gate on top of it. I that shield too though, ain lie that's, that's that white and red fire. I ain't gonna lie. I'm one of the most comfortable Jordans ever. I hooped to them a bunch of times during so comfortable, chill, cold. Those was on my wife and kids episode.


Yeah I was, I was rolling with the eighteens. I'm nothing on the 19th. I was just 18. I'm glad you said that because y'all remember the Jamie Foxx episode where Gary Peyton was on there? Yeah bro. Oh classic. I watched that yesterday. That was a damn I be fucking the numbers up the 19. That nigga said Sharif Ira Raul. I was bro how You know what's funny? He was like damn I'm getting Kobe. He's like damn I got this nigga either like he was low key. Nice. Like he was all, he was cold. He's super cold. He was like where's Kobe? Yo, what do you call it? Your groupie is going down bro. She said I got you bro Sharif. Hell nah. Yeah fire them was so comfortable bro.


You can get 'em for one $26 right now. For how much? 1 26 On what? No way. On Gold because they got the, that's a strap right? Nah, you can't take that off on them. They say it's unavailable. You can't take them off. Yeah you can't. That's funny though. They up making, that's a funny shit. I there's some black and gold ones at Wake Forest. Damn. Damn The SE Yeah right there. They right there. Oh right here? Yeah. Yeah. You get this for $46 used. You know what's crazy? Them hard bro. They comfortable as fuck. The countdown pack days was so wild because they really made us take a bullshit shoot to get the shoe. We really wanted that motherfucker. I wanted all of 'em. I had them.


I got them. I had them too. I hope they on at school too. I wanted the two out that pack. I was nothing on them. But you hadn't taken them. Did we already talk about that? Y'all favorite countdown packs? We talked about that before. Yep. Nah nah that's not the two. That was in the two. I'm tripping. Nah, the force is with those right? Yeah. And niggas won that bread four back Bread four. Oh. The best countdown pack is the Carmine and 17 in my opinion. I mean I, I get 12 and 11. You can never go wrong with two far as shoes. But I don't remember none of that shit. I had to see it. Yeah I see them boys fighting over the nines. Hey the feeling is back getting shoes is dangerous again.


Niggas was thumping over them cool great nines and they sold out. Yeah them was a fire shoe though. That's a fire shoe. But look, think about the weakened shoes. It was, you just had the the Nigels just dropped the bike ears. The SBS just dropped. The phones just dropped. People were just like the nah are supposed to like Constellation. Nah, they sold out everywhere. Yeah, the bike air is probably though. Shit low key Mo Tempos people was buying them. Yeah now people tapped in. Yeah I was like damn I tried to go to Snipes and get a pair of hell we don't got your side. No that's before as the best we drop this weekend. Hey professor school got everybody want 'em up. Tempos. You said the SB four The best one. My far over the bikes. Who must known be?


Huh? That is somebody's phone. 100%. That is nasty. That's your ringtone. But I You was watching the TikTok but nah, them fours. Is that that red, that Crimson is man silly on them shoes. Yeah. Nigel went crazy with those. Let's started man be here. What up? Oh yeah Barbee. Where you at? Nasty girl bring your ass. That's gonna mean two things on the internet. They about to frog me.


I'm about to be shitting Bricks Gonna Be shiting bricks green. Where y'all make green at? Alright. What we got today? Yeah. St What his food color. What is DJs Is food color? Water Because he don't drinking my shit. Damn Artist Sensitive. That's hate. It's Kiwi Turn up. So what's in here? We got kiwi and passion fruit and Turn up that. That's Kiwi. Woo. Try It. You should try it. I might get what? What? What's my song? What he saying out? I don't know what that nigga saying that to me a two step to kill somebody.


It's crazy. Drake go boom. I like this. What's in here again? 7, 6, 2. It is good. I can't wait. That sent you What's up? What you though Barbee? What you doing? When is when is St. Patrick? Today? Today. So we made this Lucky 55. Lucky 55. Oh y'all trying to be funny. I St Patrick's Day. All these drinks keep being named after you kid. It Just being so happy. Yeah You I'm a champion Right? We're gonna go on no DJ next is on you. Okay. Okay. I gotta stalk your page and learn some more about You keep me outta the bullshit. That's right.


You, You know DJ Twitter don't get on DJ's Icho. You know his Did you, did you see the episode last week? Did were you in a live, they had a lot to say about you and Kiki. I did. I read some of the down. Okay. What they, what'd they say about her? What they say about me? It's The same. I don't think they did no different. I'm like okay, Okay. Didn't do dms. You know they goes to that little request. I haven't actually Checked. Damn you there now? Damn. You know the request side? Yeah. Must be nice. Is Barbee looking for love like Drew ski or No?


Oh see everybody didn't let the chat looking for niggas love the kids nigga we had that conversation. They love the kids. Yeah they'll room. Have your taxes hit yes or no? Have my taxes hit that. This conversation. I ain't got no taxes for no nigga. That's what you For. Oh can you tap in? They have landed for sure. You gonna let me flip? Thank you. If you had a nigga though, he couldn't get half. If he had a good plan, If he had a good, he has his own. If I had, he gonna have his own Money. I know, but he needed George for the flip. No that's, no that's not what he asked you. Seven. Can you hold me down for a second? Hold me Down for TA During taxes if you got 10,000 for your taxes, which a lot of y'all be getting because I know y'all be flipping the system.


I could hold four or five. There We go. See I'm doing this for y'all. Wait, wait. Let's take care of home. Taking Care of home. What's not taken Care Of. Oh okay. You know What, it's Well what I mean we trying to help you, you feel me? Oh No I, I'm just, I think me And you need to sit down and have like a speed date thing where niggas come up and try to get to know Barbee. We need to set that up Mike. How much we Charges? I don't know but I think, I think I could all, all stars. Let's get it all. I wanna host that. My Son I wanna, it can go to him. Fuck it. I'm getting cut in too though, You feel me? I like that Though. We need to set that up. I like, I like That though. I hate man. I'm not mad at that. For the love of Barbee. For the love of Barbee Patreon exclusive tap in.


We gonna say I'm dead ass. Like we gonna set that up for real Love A Barbee Awesome. Yep. We had like 10 10 to 15 dudes. That's enough. That's enough. Are they coming from anywhere though or is it all Indianapolis? I'll wait till we put this cast together. For real. We We gotta, we'll put the Paton exclusive up first 'cause it's a lot of them in there that won't Barbee. Yeah they I always wanna fly you out. They might as well just come to Indianapolis. Shoot they shot. Yep. Yeah It could be me, me and Kiki right there. We y'all hosting the pop the balloon. Let's go. You don do pop the mean That's the thing I can do speed date because I can like. Yep. Alright, thank You know it's gotta sit down. Give me stay little two, three minutes. Two minutes.


Shoot they shot. They gotta split they game in two minutes and we'll do episodes. We, I think we can do like two or three episodes. Yeah. Nah I'm saying the next y'all make it to next week. This guy make it the next week we gonna cut this nigga. Niggas can't fly that long so we gotta do the episodes and one day day you break 'em up like they do on tv. I ain't do no shows or nothing but just make a change. Y'all right though. No, no, no. That's right. We could swap a fit. Yeah, that's all they come on now. They shoot all shit one day around. We got the building on lock. We gonna figure that out for sure. So y'all tap in for the love of Barbee. For the love of Barbee coming soon. Oh no way. Right on for the drinks. Nasty. We appreciate you this real key will you.


This real key. I can't take No the best best about to show is the laugh make everything worse for no reason. Y'all really got singing Tourettes y'all and it ain't funny. Well stop saying that for real 'cause I randomly because that's a real disease or sickness I'm saying. But I randomly sing and it feel like Right like I supposed to and I don't know why. Nah my mama like that. Ain't my mama like that. She just starts, I got it from her. She do she be doing that shit at the games.


Yeah I be like talking and a song would just pop in my head like I ain't gonna lie. Before I left the crib I was like make sure you clean that room. And I started singing to Mia and fuck no Nivea. Oh laundromat take me to the laundry. Get Nivea was special. Oh that's what I thought Nivea was. Pressure was than what she was upon. She was hard. Is that, is that one of Wayne's baby mama? Yes. The Dream right? Yep. Yeah I heard Lineages lineage. She, she lit. I never think the Dream made a this song about Wayne I. Love Your girl. Yep that's what that was the this song.


Yeah it's one of the best dis songs of all time. Yeah the RV dis songs are the best. People don't speak on the dream enough. His album is so raw. That first one he dropped. I really thought he was gonna be a performer for real. His pin So Elite. He like he got, he got special. Yeah Beyonce songs bro. Nah for sure he, I definitely think that nigga wrote Rihanna umbrella too. A Yep. He always say a oh shit. Oh that is his shit. That's his. Yeah. Oh okay. It's crazy 'cause people always went used to go back and forth between him and Neo because they both got crazy songs. They both have like written as well. Neo Penn Neo run longer. I don't know if it's, I'm lying. I'm just saying 'cause his optic court antics. Nah, his Oh court. Yeah his Neo different.


No what Dream as well. Don't judge nobody bro. You know but for you to have four and ain't none of 'em really like there ain't pressure can't get, he said four add up to 20. We all got our respective relationships and shout out to that. It's always a disclaimer. Let's talk about the real shit now. So you say four aint pressure. Nah, they they, you really don't find too much pressure in that kind of situation though. Yeah. There's a lot of character flaws that allow them to be in those situations. I'm not gonna say that. Probably really good people. I don't know personally.


I mean shit, you like what you like I mean but if you had four, if you had four women you can't at least have two that are just superior. You got so the throne bro. I don't, I'm not gonna say that 'cause you just gotta think like I don't want four good women. What I'm saying, I hate listen being a good woman, that shit is overrated as fuck. When you got four bro. I'm sleep. Oh you bitches can't be positive. That's like having four soul sisters. Nigga you la in the bitch bro. What's a soul sister? You don't want like, You know and shout out to y'all. I don't RIP to the, I'm not gonna say her name but You know on that rim stone is ire Jill Scott.


Oh, Jill Super act brother. Yeah so I need a, if I'm gonna have a neo soul give me a, not any I read literally, but with that type of vibe gimme a Isha, give me a goddamn, I don't know, mix it up. Gimme me a what's a Megan? Good. Mix it up bro. So you need four different personalities. Yes bro. Bro, I don't want four. It is great women bro. For what? Like four bitches didn't know how to clean the cook. We do it. Y'all get nobody Nerves at this point spice this motherfucker up. We're one scam. Yeah. I need, so all y'all gotta have y'all but you can't have no like I don't think no girl that's like a 10 gonna be in that kind of situation.


Probably. I mean you might be able to fuck with 'em separately but altogether she got too many people after. Yeah and females are selfish and I mean we all, we always want good women. But I'm saying if you got four bro, it's kind of like, because what are you really using the good in her for though? Like it's kinda like you useless so I don't give a fuck about you being a positive figure in the community. Bitch. Like you said neo algorithms out of pocket. Nah, it's out of pocket bro. Yeah, when, when you walking in with four girls, bro you supposed niggas supposed to be like, damn bro, he got a whip. He got a whip. Nah man, what this nigga doing man, I'm asking you bitch where y'all daddy and shit is like, how do you even pull up to family functions before we hoes bro?


I don't think they weak bro. I ain't looked at 'em like that but put a picture up for me. Yeah, they they been on his heels but they all people been saying they weak. Yeah they been like a lot of people say, hey bro, this don't look like weak. Look a little weird, weak. I ain't gonna call him. We, it just not what you think when you walk. He's also a millionaire too. He think we four women bro. It's different. I mean he got a different taste though. They all look like and they not, they not ugly. By by by means. I'm not saying that. I'm just saying for you to be in that type of like lifestyle. But I'm gonna say for his lifestyle they all look like they very active. Like they all, they all with the shits like I need a gobbling.


I'm gonna say they probably one gobbling bro. Somebody Yeah. Shout, shout to the situation. I, I, I imagine, You know what I'm saying? I, I look like he's having a lot like he's enjoying himself. So nah, I mean enjoy it bro. That nigga left the marriage and had four girlfriends. He is like all right. Like yeah I look at him bro. He saying he is, he's enjoying himself. What is this? Oh yo. Yeah, this, he's enjoying himself. I'm just saying bro. I mean shout to him bro. Shouts Neo. A lot of people wish they could do that. Facts. Facts. I I ain't got the money for that. But if you got about four people this same thing. No literally bro, I gotta get some weak hos because at that point who is not used to shit.


Yeah Like because if I, I feel like I get 10, I get four Beyonce. What the fuck? I can't. Nah, I need, I feel like if I got a five to 10 bedroom crib bro y'all straight bro. No because you go to work, go to work where? Go to work bro. To the nearest I'm to the near call to work being of work. You're, you're kidding me. But what I'm saying is I don't think all them girls when you go to the put up, when you go to the what, when you go to Dior store, you bought you something. You might be with one of them when you get home. Did you have Dior before me? So I'm saying that's what I'm saying. That's why you gotta get weaker hoes. They might not have had Dior before yet.


No, I'm going get my favorite one to Dior back that she had a Dior, I got a favorite one. Oh yo. Your household fucked up. Yeah. Yeah they gonna be fighting bro. You do not treat all four women equally. It's not the same. Nah, that's not. Yeah, yours not gonna work. Next. Next. Look at bro. Look at look. There's always a favorite. Clearly y'all daddy say to y'all lives anyway. Don't come over here looking for daddy. Love his favorites over here man. Yeah be I get all y'all at the same time either PM probably thing is fucked up the house. They off asking do you have Dior before me? That's the conversation for another day. That's real shit. That's what I, but that's the reason your girls are gonna be weaker than his. No I'm pretty sure they had Dior before that Bald hell one.


She get it out the bud man. She's glad to be there. Let's move on. Shout to Neo man. Neo living his life man. For sure man. Streets from ne in the Gap hoodie. Shout to Neo Wild Boy for sure. Hey he knows the KGO black bro. They showed the S yard pick when he was getting dressed at the door when they showed him I was crying. Neil's a legend. I love though man. Love how you on man? We got a lot talk about fucking with you because I wanna know how that came about and I, y'all know I'm big with music. I love to sit down really chop him, chop it up with him about music. But I wouldn't know how that came about fucking with you bro. You just, his whole I did.


They gonna all walk. I say it's only gonna be you and them because we gonna have to some room mics for everybody. I'm saying all we got some bar stools, they gonna line up at the the window And you gonna be like, yeah you the one sitting about the bald hit. That's her right there man. He gonna walk out, bring her in here. He probably look different than person. Hey this is red but I know you been tapped into the yes bro Drew's goat bro. He is man that, that's one of my favorite shows Rob right now bro. It's complete bullshit. It's completely out of pocket but I, I love it. Nah man, I ain't tapped into that. Ah bro you gotta tap in bro. He got a midget sitting on his lap. I was like he clown. Oh he's, he got a thick white girl on there.


Shout out to me Ball on there. She fraud. Its a lot. He got a lot going on. If you not seen it, please tap me in for show man. Did y'all see Draymond verse Kat? Yeah. Hilarious. Hilarious bro. What, what's the beef with them? You know Kat had something going on in his family so he had sat out a game and Draymond basically said he ducking smoke and they came out with just like, nah bro, he is not ducking smoke. You know said yeah some personal stuff going on. They was like Draymond's apologize. He was like no. Yeah, basically. So they played Saturday and it was a hell of a game too, You know getting the dub. But Bro Kat was hooping but Draymond got the game winning layup bro did the step celebration and I was crying bro.


Draymond out of pocket man, leave Kat alone man. Don't pick on Ka bro. Doing the night night celebration after hitting the layup is fucking hilarious. You know I be off with Dre bullshit but picking on Cat is crazy bro. Yeah, that's like a deadly combination. Like you already got Jimmy right there And you just gave Dre my ammunition. It is like you knew what time it was because Jimmy probably shared some stories too.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get on the action at Draft King Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Be instantly. Take it to the record with Draft King Sports book where every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resorting, Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dkg.co/audio.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Hey it's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I speak with California governor Gavin Newsom. I Watch Fox, I pay attention. Newsmax one American News. I don't turn my back to the critics, but there is a sort of California derangement syndrome out there that is just sort of ridiculous. This notion that this is the only state that has challenges. It's just comedic but it's damaging. We record breaking tourism last year. We have a surplus again. We have a state with population growing again. You wouldn't know that that's not prevalent. It's not part of the Discussion. It's been engulfed by the Fires, it's been engulfed in the fires. It's, You know, it's a failed state, You know California. But for me, I, You know, it's pride for me again as a guy lives here, cares about the state is to make a case a new for it. And I'm a little Clint Tony about it. There's nothing wrong with it. It can't be fixed with what's right with it. Listen to the new season of, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey, Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I don't know if Jimmy Pry ain't said nothing yet, but I'm just saying like Draymond know the stories like Draymond, You know Draymond Savon like he know everything that's going on in the league. So Jimmy on his team now just probably put a battery in Dre Mond back even more like he probably already was against Kat. Yeah but that probably put a even more like Yeah and we got Jimmy here now I'm really at him like we gonna tell him everything about himself. Kat just don't know how to respond. That's it. That's dunno how to respond because me, if I'm Kat I'm talking the most shit ever because I can back it up. I first YNB but I'm guarding you and it's no disrespected Draymond obviously Draymond.


I went by Miss score de layup so he can't talk too much shit. But I would've been like shoot the fucking ball nigga you can't do, I would've just been talking about his offense the whole time. Yeah but if you let him go by, you'll make a layup. Gotta shut the fuck up. That's my nigga Dre. You I love Dre but come on man. But you gotta like stand up like, and I seen Kat trying to talk to him, blah blah blah. Yeah you can't talk like championships none of that shit. Like you can't talk winning, you just gotta start straight hoops to that nigga like or just drone on it. You gotta really make him shitty bro. You gotta talk real dusty together bro. But Draymond can talk so much shit because basketball talk is he gonna kick your ass in that just 'cause he gonna throw his accolades everywhere.


But nigga I'm a way better basketball player than you man. I'm fucking I on you. I could throw my accolades too though in a way 'cause I've been all stars. I've been that or whatever. Yeah, he has too though. Yeah you can but I can say I'm joning my bro. I'm saying no, no I'm saying because you can't really Jon on him. What you gonna say? Nah bro, I got more money than you. I could really torture you ugly than a motherfucker. I go, I could really torture. Like who care? You be like what? Nah bro, we all but like, like nigga a nigga like he can say shit that like can stick a little. Nah ka just not like nigga you let a nigga hold you out your shit. Like Kat. Yeah what? I'm a bitch And you ain't do that. Like, You know what I mean? Like Kat I feel like just, just 'cause how good he is bro.


It'll mean more if he's really busting niggas ass like yeah but I like you gotta make a point, You know I'll be like I'm guarding Draymond and I'm a back all the way up like nigga you can't shoot nigga you was a bum. But I'm gonna do, that's a part of it. I'm gonna do it. So like if I'm cat I'm gonna do it so disrespectful like Mm. He gonna be standing there. I might just turn my back like I'm gonna do something. So everybody like Woo, like he whiling that remind me of that Russ and Dame situation. Yeah. Yeah when they went back and forth. Yeah shit even what's his name like Dame didn't even lead the paint. Nah, he was like shoot it, they aint got the rebound. Came down here to three like popped his shit. Yeah like Kat needed a little bit of kg in him man to talk to him like I, but it is just hard to talk to Dre Draymond 'cause Draymond steal the ball from you.


He go score the layup and he might only have seven points. I don't know what he had but his seven and his defense was so important that you can't even talk shit. Nah. Hell yeah. But I'm saying if he had, if Kat was like kg bro, it'd be different bro. Oh for sure. Be different T people called Bluff though because you like kg you have to have some hands, you gotta be willing to throw a punch or something. Yeah And you gotta be willing to talk too kg talk the whole game like Yeah but like even like and I love ticket but people try to, people call this Bluff Anthony peel him with the elbow. Nah, just say something. You know he started hopping around. Yeah, I'll fucking, they can show me. Yeah they can go call you a bluff though. I mean go ahead. You don have to now if there's anybody, I wouldn't want to show the bluff.


It's Draymond 'cause Yeah because we seen the evidence. So I don't want, he's not his teammate and he got across next. He choked out. Rudy go here for no reason. I support Draymond in everything he does. Yeah. I'm just saying my nigga won't like, Draymond can't call his bluff 'cause he willing to die about it. You see a little disrespect from a nigga that he with every single day. Imagine a nigga that he probably don't like. Yeah he got that nigga PTSD. I still be thinking about winning when I think about hey and then he made a po a pic like a, a post with a whole bunch of pick in. I was crying with Jordan bro afterwards you see that game he hit against the nuggets too.


That's why I with him. Oh man. Shout out to my nigga Dre though. Yeah I fuck with Draymond though. That's a hella robbery man. But him doing that celebration is fucking hilarious man because he just such a competitor bro. Yeah, that's that Michigan State shit though. They don't give a fuck. They all people out of there be just super competitive. Yeah, shout out to my nigga Jayden Atkins too man. He been killing too for Michigan State? No buddy son been killing Jace Richardson. Hey I ain't gonna lie. He he, he like that I like him man. He, he nice. Nah he nice. My little nigga made out offensive team. So Sean's you bro. Man that nigga's a hustler. Good job for sure man. Speaking of March Madness, we here now man. The bracket officially drop. It's funny because we don't watch too much college basketball but this is about to be fun as fuck.


I'm gonna just reach off the first round. We'll start there and just see what we might get. Right. All right. First round we got one 16 matchup Auburn to have a play end game between, I believe it's Alco State and SFC. It is abbreviated some shout out to whoever y'all are but y'all probably are going to take that L in the first round against Auburn. Next game. That's A-H-B-C-U salute eight, nine matchup. Which is criminal that they robbed. Louisville made us a fucking a c Louisville verse Creighton. I ain't gonna lie. I might take crayon. I don't know how y'all gonna guard that big boy. He is nice. Yeah he decent. He decent and they point guard decent too so I'm, it'd be a good game though.


But I won't pack Kelsey to win. That's my dog for sure. But I'm, if I was betting man I'm gonna say Craig, nah, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take Louis, I'm gonna take, they gonna guard 27 to seven. Being the eighth seat is fucking crazy obviously. I know I'm a rock with Louisville five 12. Matchup be in his favorite. You got Michigan versus uc, San Diego. Uc. San Diego is 30 and four by the way. Who you taking? Fuck they they getting they ass. Whoop Michigan. Get up up outta there. Yeah. Thunder clap. I don't know. Michigan got some decent players just had a hell of a weekend too. Yeah. Yeah they bigs are solid. I, I'm rolling with Michigan for sure. Alright. Four at 13. You got Texas a and m versus Yale.


I'm gonna take Texas a m. They guard. They had a bad loss. They lost to Texas and Texas. They made the tournament but they, I ain't think they was gonna lose the Texas but I'll take Texas a and l. Yeah they rebounding team too. I roll with them likewise. Six and 11 Mississippi. Where San Diego, North Carolina to play in. Hmm? San Diego State and North Carolina played for the play in spot for 11. Yeah I got San Diego State B in North Carolina. Yeah, North Carolina is a joke. So I'm gonna take San Diego state net. I'm gonna take them all the way to the, nah right. I'm taking C. You gonna take C then? UC you got them beat Mississippi. Mississippi. All right. Yep. Nah, I got Mississippi moving on. Okay. For sure.


Iowa State versus Lipscomb three 14 Matchup Iowa State. Okay. Iowa State. Shout out to Lipscomb. We ain't too tapped in. Sorry about it. I know homie went there. Marquette, New Mexico. 17 matchup. I'm gonna go with Marquette 'cause I'm more familiar with them. Okay. I wouldn't be surprised with New Mexico one. Yeah I rode with New Mexico. Yeah them 17 games would be crazy. I rode New Mexico as well off the shit show. And then at two and 15 you got Michigan State and Bryants. I'm taking shout to my dog that worked for Bryant. Okay. Met him on 2K. He the manager for them. Shout to my dog. I forgot your name but good shout to you.


But you going home early. A shout to you. Yeah, shout to my boy. Jay ain't gonna be locking shit up man. We going Michigan State baby. Shout to my dog man. Yeah, early. Give well shout top on the game tonight bro. Get used to it. You'll be available but respect. Shout to Brian man. Man, man. Alright. Now at the bottom of half of this bracket in the west, you got Florida and Norfolk State one 16 ass Florida? Yeah, respectfully. Eight and nine. You got Connecticut and Oklahoma. That's gonna be a hell of a game. Oklahoma. Oh you going Oklahoma? Nah, I'm gonna take you. Yeah, I'm going. Yeah, they been here dude. I like Fierce from Oklahoma though. He nice. Jeremiah. Jeremiah fuck around have 25 or something.


They got a cool team. Yeah, I'm gonna tell you. I'm gonna tell you UConn a little deeper though. But I'm gonna go, they prepare better. I'm gonna say they might prepare better. I'm gonna tell you. Jeremiah Fierce gonna get 35 but I think you kind gonna get that win. He's so special. He's special for sure. Damn. I wish he was taller too. But yeah, I'm I'm gonna go with you. Huh? Five 12 match up Memphis versus Colorado State. Shout out to Penny Hardaway. Hell of a season. Yeah, I'm going with Memphis. I'm going Colorado State. I love Penny. Okay. Colorado State. That's my 12. Okay. I'm going with Memphis. I roll with Memphis. I took a random 12. I say Cleveland State Wake Forest situation. Fuck you respect. I don't know why people be writing. We used to talk about March Madness, the shit that you say. I don't know if people think I'm your fucking assistant but all these Louisville people writing me from art, that's our age.


Like Tellt bitch ass. That's what he gets. He had all those people Mark and didn't even get to make 'em. I said he has a Instagram page too. Nigga so dumb. They was the only team that I had Mark in the tournament. The rest of the teams we played or they lost. Yeah. In the other tournament y'all can ride my nigga like And y'all lost two we did lose. That was the funny part. What are you talking about? Yeah, all these Jerry Smith fans And you, we would've beat y'all by 41 on one. I'm tired. I you made me mad. I'm tired of you. And then we gonna get the Brandon Jens too but go ahead.


No, we hear what's going. He talking about Okay. What, Hey what do he say? He can like, yeah but this, this is my thing though. Y'all know I, You know me and my dog got at it, but it is us against The world. See y'all niggas gotta stop bringing him up and shit. He don't even be talking about y'all like it was a Drew Holiday type of shit. That's some LA hoops type shit. Like and I feel like B Jenning you was cold bro. But to all you niggas saying he was better than JR Holiday, nobody gives a fuck about nobody being better than somebody in high school at all. Verse the pros nigga, that's one of the best two way players ever to do it. Ever Drew Holiday, LeBron beat EB off. He made the Allstar game nigga when he was like 22, 23 years old bro.


Facts like, You know what I'm saying? And he averaged a dub a few times in the NBA facts. You know what I'm saying? He transitioned to be a solid role player. That's very important to the team childhood. Bj, that's my dog. But I'm like damn bro. I get it. I fuck with Brandon. Yeah I think, I think he, in high school you probably was but you were more known. Known than us. Yeah, I don't, I didn't never play you. You were more, you were more known. But everything you could do in high school, I could do. Yeah I I could run jump shoot. Yeah you were was spectacular And you was in the LA You know what I mean? He was always Indiana. But yeah, you had a bigger name in high school, you had a bigger name. You know the a AAU circus, whatever you played all that. I didn't play AAU like that. I played local ball. We would say.


Yeah And you were good and I'm not hating but we got to the league bro. You had way more opportunity. You shot like 38%. You just got the chuck. I ain't hating but it wasn't like mostly every average was 17. Yeah, he nah, I think he be Javis like 2114. Yeah, most the average was 17. I used to look in the league. I told you my rookie tractors line up. Yeah. I used to hate him. I used to be like his, his highest year was 19 1 4 bucks 19. But I used to hate him. Yeah. And I'm like nah, he shoot, he just shoot more than me. A nigga shoot 38%, 40% like and it's cool though. He had to, he was, his teams was weak.


He ain't never really played on no fire team. Yeah you played with multiple All Stars everywhere. He was at, I mean he never played with no killer. Yeah, you didn't have no George Johnson. And when he did, I think he had played with with Mellow him when he went to the Knicks but yeah, that's after he hurt his leg like Yeah like it was in Milwaukee. They ain't had no killers opportunity. People in your name out the hat. Like, but I don't know why he said my name. I'm like damn you don the conversation. I know but like yeah you should kill, you didn't play with no killers. But I think the dude that they was on the stream with said so you better than he Holiday Inn. He like man fuck all them niggas. Okay. Okay. I didn't know the senator. Okay, I'll fuck with that too. I'll say fuck all of them. But I'm gonna say why you doing like you ain't never played with no killers.


Like yeah you ain't have to pass the ball to Joe Johnson. Josh fucking Jamal Crawford and all. And then when you got Josh Smith and them y'all was ass like it is just different. Nah but shout to him. He was a killer in high school. I, I knew him in high school. He was coach. I just didn't like how people was going at Drew. It don't had nothing to do with Brandon Jens. I just, just don't think people understand like the Drew holiday journey. For real. Hey nigga Drew Holiday is a branch changer. Nah yo fuck all that career shit. Nah nigga is high school don't matter though. Yeah it don't nigga. Yeah you could be, it's a lot niggas that was cold in high school. We can la off a list from our city alone nigga. Yeah. Some cold high school niggas. But what you do when you them lights get bright.


You in the league and Brandon Jen started off killing the league. Yeah. As a rookie averaging 15. Yeah. But shit, a lot of people have good rookie years. Yeah shit And but Brandon Terry, he got hurt too but shit that ain't Drew holiday fault bro. Yeah but before he got hurt he was still, I mean he was a solid point guard. He was good like me and his stats are very comparable. I ain't saying like I was watching him or something. Yeah. So if he'd be like nigga your career wasn't better than mine. Be like I won more than you. But yeah I can say that but I get what he's saying but Drew Holiday Nah, nah. Just because he a a heavy two-way player. It ain't no some of the awards he got.


Yeah. Drew all that should definitely have a defensive player of the year. Yeah bro. Like that shit is different like shout out to Dame but like that shit what they did to the Trailblazers nigga. Yeah. Drew Hall that drew that Hornets match up with them bro is different bro. Yeah. You never had no moment like that. And I think if you just, and I'm, this is just me, you just roll out the balls and like just have a game. Where Jr Holiday and Brandon, I I Brandon was cold but Drew Holiday can guard him. That's what I'm saying. He can't garbage Drew Holiday. It's too little too big post work. Yeah we just saw we was doing the stream shout to playback when he was going to the hole bro. Yeah. He too little against active niggas right now is light work bro.


He too Brandon too little. I ain't gonna lie, he too little. But they both was called they respect. Right. You know we love yo this show bj, he we love him lets all competitor effort but then he said let's play one-on-one. I'm like damn he somebody said, he said play one on one. Yeah bro. He like damn BJ you still who shout out to you for sure man, shout out to, he said, I ain't hurt no more nigga. That's what he said. Basically play juice nigga get it. Who he play Gill for Juice. The two Gil be juicy shit. Oh yeah. Yeah. I love Gil. And somebody sitting me, he was like, yeah, you had 55. They was on the bench. I was wrong. I was like, I was on the bench. Fuck that. When me talk about me, I was the nigga on the bench.


Yeah. But sure, man. Back to the bracket. Four 13 matchup. You got Maryland verse Grand Canyon. Shout to Maryland. Oh yeah. Beat you Queen Derrick, man. Just play a play a half, man. So you can go to the next round. Your team gonna hold it down for you. Yeah, he, I hope you get picked high man. He's a good player for sure. Like his talent for sure. Six 11 Missouri and Drake. Missouri. I'm going, Drake, day 30 and three. Yeah. I like Missouri. I'm, I'm rolling with TP man. Shout to Tony Pers man. I'm taking Mizzou. Shout to nap three 14 matchup Texas Tech and NC UN, UNC Wilmington. I'm gonna take Texas Tech. Yeah. Just off the stream. Seven 10 matchup Kansas, Arkansas.


I'm taking Arkansas. It's gonna be the upset me as well. I'm taking Arkansas in this situation. It's gonna be the upset. Y'all think so? Yeah. Yeah. That's a fucked up game though, to have Kansas, Arkansas. Ooh, Kansas being a seven seat is definitely abnormal for sure. I know Kansas got them old niggas on the team. I, I'm rolling with Kansas. Rolling with Kansas. I won. I mean, they probably will win, but I just want Arkansas to beat him. Just, just 'cause, just to piss off Bill Self. I hope DJ Wagner just have a moment, like, and I just feel so bad for that kid. And they said Boogie should be available too. Yeah. So no Boogie gonna play. Yeah. Oh, they might win then he trying to Kyrie that thing. Okay. Oh, all you gotta do is boogie play. All you gotta do is have two good games.


If he get that team somehow to the Sweet 16, or have a great enough game to put them in a position to be there. Oh, he lock if he, they go to, oh, he a, yeah. Damn. I didn't know he was playing. Okay, that's gonna be a good one then. I'm gonna have to for sure tune into that one. Yeah. And then last in this bracket, you got two and 15 St. John's and the Yeah, I got St. John's going to the four. I do too. I like, I like what they doing. Thank guard, bro. I wish I could. I don't, I I, the way he talked to his kids, I wish I could talk to kids like that. You wanna be Bobby Hurley? Nah, nah, nah. He's different. I'm talking about Pat, You know, some bullshit. Patino be like real life giving you game, but he be like straight real with it.


Like he cuss you out. But it be like the real shit he ever said, like he was talking about Donovan Mitchell. You seen that? Yeah. Like his shot was flat, but he was in the gym all night and he worked on it. He was like, you motherfuckers don't work. Y'all don't even know what work is like. He just going at 'em and it is like, it is real as hell. But people can't even relate to that. Like they, like a lot of kids can't take that kind of coaching like cussing and all that. And I like to see that group doing it. 'cause it's like they bought in to be that ass a year. Like, You know, St. John's been bad for some years. Yeah. Last two years. He done turned it around today. A two seat. Like it's crazy. And then to see the guy, I think the CEO Body Armor, he's a St.


John's and he, he about to show Love and Iel. He said, yeah, what's up, what, what do we need? Tap in. We about to get the guy. That's hard. And I seen a lot of people talking about their IU job pretty much being vacant, who they replace it. And years ago people was like, Patino was the only big enough name that could like live that job. Yeah. Well they wish they would've got him now. Yeah.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I speak with California governor Gavin Newsom. I watch Fox, I pay attention. Newsmax one American News. I don't turn my back to the critics, but there is a sort of California derangement syndrome out there that is just sort of ridiculous. This notion that this is the only state that has challenges. It's just comedic, but it's damaging. We record breaking tourism last year. We have a surplus again. We have a state with population growing again. You wouldn't know that. That's not prevalent. It's not part of the discussion. It's been engulfed by the Fires. It's been engulfed in the fires. It's, You know, it's a failed state, You know, California. But for me, I, You know, it's pride for me again, as a guy lives here who cares about the state, is to make a case anew for it. And I'm a little Clint Tony about it. There's nothing wrong with it. It can't be fixed with what's right with it. Listen to the new season of, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heists tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


He ain't going nowhere. St. John's about to be crazy for the next couple years, bro. Bro. New York, that's his swag up there though. Yeah, New York. That's who he's, so it makes sense for sure, man. Shout to St. John's. All right, man. Playing the garden and shit. That's crazy. Him rebuilding that program alone, bro. It it is, it is different bro. That that affect, that patino effect is real. Come on bro. One of the best to ever do it. Thanks. In the east region. One 16 matchup. You got Duke versus American and msm Duke. Yeah, duke. Anyway, it's Luke. Yeah. I don't play Coop. Yeah. And you say Co shouldn't play. Nah, don't play. Yeah. You nothing on Cooper playing. He's playing. Yeah. I gonna say, yeah, he, he shout out to a CC tournament. That's what I'm just saying. He, if he didn't play, I wouldn't care. Oh, and the one 16 match up. Yeah. Ah, respect.


Niggas in loss now South to Virginia. Nah, that's crazy that that even happened, by the way. No offense. That's fucking crazy that that happened by the, it's play around. Yeah. That's not a good way to make history again. Eight, nine, Mississippi State and Baylor. Baylor. I got Mississippi State. Okay. Be his favorite. Five 12 Oregon and Liberty. I'm gonna take Oregon. I'm gonna take Liberty. I already got my 12. I'm gonna go with Liberty too. 28, 6. Fuck it. Turn up four 13 Arizona. Akron. I'm taking Akron bro. I don't like Arizona. Damn. You like where Arizona is? Nah, I don't like the way they play. K Love's last NCA tournament bro.


It's like his 10th year bro. KL was 24. I'm going with Z. He's probably 23. Yeah. How you up there for sure. RJ Davis? Yeah, I'm, yeah. Arthur Davis. Boy, that was another high school killer. That's crazy. A A RP in the college game. Six and 11. You got BYU versus V-C-U-B-Y-U because I'm going my young boy Canon you fuck on Canon. Shout to na. I'm, I'm gonna take vcu. Okay. Hell of a contrast to style for show three 14, Wisconsin, Montana, Wisconsin. I'm gonna go Wisconsin for show. Seven 10 St.


Mary's, Vanderbilt. That seems like they play that all the time. That's weird. St. Mary's is always one of them. Team. I'm gonna take Vandy though. Yeah, I'm go with St. Mary's. Okay. You rock with St. Mary's. Yeah. All right. And then two 15 Alabama and Robert Morris, Alabama. Man. Yeah. Shout to Yout. Even think about it. Yeah. You know that. That's my lineage. Robert Morris. Man, shout out to Pittsburgh. But nah, I'm a, I'm a roll Alabama for sure. One 16. You got Houston and SIU Edwardsville Houston. I was getting shout outs on there. Yeah, shout out to them. But Houston for sure. Yeah. Houston going to the four. Okay. Eight, nine. Matchup right next to him is Gonzaga in Georgia. Houston going to the four. I'm taking Gonzaga.


Okay. Gonzaga. Yeah, I got Georgia. But Houston going to the 4, 5 12. Clemson and McNeese State. Clemson? Mm, Clemson's good. Yeah. Purdue and High Point Purdue. Yeah. I'm say Purdue. Shout out to Braden. Then the six 11 match up here. The play in is Texas and Xavier. That's gonna be a hell of a fucking game. I got Xavier when my boy ryan com gonna be. Yeah, let's ride. Let's ride with Xavier. Yeah, I like that. Him and Trey Johnson match up. Shout to Ryan. Hold it down. Trey Johnson raw though. He one of the ones, oh my god. He got locked up against motherfucking Tennessee though. Oh my God. It's a part of the game that's gonna be a hell of a game. Dre Tyson. It is raw. Ryan set the beat record got piece. He got locked up though.


Tennessee locked him up. Mm. Shout out to Ryan though man. And then the winner that game. I'm so proud of you. Illinois. Yeah. Ryan's crazy bro. Keep killing. But I got Illinois out that game though. Mm okay. Between those two. Yeah, after that. Yeah. Three 14 Kentucky and Troy, Kentucky. Yeah. Kentucky being a three C at 2211 is crazy by the way. Yeah. I'm gonna roll with the cats. That strength of schedule. Yeah, Louisville strength of schedule because the A CC was so fucking down. Yeah, it's trash. That's crazy. UCLA Utah state. 1710. I'll tell you. UCLA LA I'm taking Utah State. Yeah. Said fuck it. Utah State. Turn up the way they U-U-C-L-A cu they the coach CU them kids out.


I'm going to state. He said they're soft. He said everything. I said he was shitty pissed. I think that's some other shit going on. Somebody fucked up the LE that was deeper than the game he got out. He been one to say that all year. Fam they're soft. I'm roll. See I'm gonna take the other side of that. I think that gave a motivation. I'm gonna roll with UCLA for that one. Okay. He said that's that got 'em locked in. Yeah. Yeah. The white that motivated the kids. When you put Rick Petito speech next to his speech, you gained a little bit of Derrick Hurley because Derrick Hurley be talking greasy. Oh he talks crazy. He the goal though for sure. And then the last game in that bracket, Tennessee and Waffer two 15 match up Tennessee. Yeah, Tennessee for sure.


That's what man, listen, March Madness is the best shit on earth. We got a lot of good teams this year. I know we were talking about college basketball being down, but some of the storylines you got going on St. John's being good. Duke. I think it's gonna be a crazy, crazy march madness this year man. It should be cool. I'm excited to see what kid make a name for they self. Yeah. To boost they draft stock. But I don't really care who win but I just wanna see what kid like changed their family lives after that shit. Yeah. Whoever gonna make her run. And you said that person that was like all right on on the cusp And you just go crazy. Like you said a Trey Johnson situation would be crazy. Obviously he's probably gonna lottery anyway but somebody gonna have a moment is always dope. I'm excited to see like a young 'cause the NIL so I'm excited to see like somebody who was a just a shooter, You know they always had this one person that go crazy in a tournament.


He hit seven, eight threes or they go on a little Cinderella run and somebody's playing great and then they go get a big NIL deal. I'm excited to see that for sure. That's the dope part about it. And I was transitioned, so like they was talking about the NIL, they was like dang, this is a party year where everybody get offered new deals to go to different schools and the people from the schools already didn't get paid. Yeah. That shit is crazy. So yeah, I'm excited to see that. That's what I want. You definitely change your parents or families live either way to an n going to the league. Yeah, because I heard Brady kid from Purdue, they talking about team about to offer him 3 million a year. Brandon about, I'm not in West Lafayette no more. He's not. He is not gonna be there. That's probably his last year. Purdue Didn go to a bigger school.


I mean my first team I marry. Yeah. And they offered me three mil a year. Like gotta go. I gotta leave. I don't care where it is because Brandon's already rich. But he can go somewhere. Perdue gotta go find the money. They ain't gonna be able to find it. So he is gonna be like Auburn, Georgia, Lafayette. Man, everybody pull the taxes up for this man. Like because that's a small town that's a walk up town. Modesto like Auburn, they pay people. Look at their whole team. He, You know where Bruce 28. Oh Bruce got it. They got, they got the, Bruce got it. They got the donations. Yes. Now you even think about now St. John's, it's up. They got dude said I'm a billionaire.


I'm ready to play. Like they might go after braid, You know what I mean? They said they ain't recruiting nobody at high school. Straight portal. Action. So his number, he gonna be, that's all they in now bro. That's why it's so hard for these high school kids, man. Oh he gonna be sold after shit. Shout to him man. 'cause he play great this year. Hell yeah. I kind of wish that shit was around when we was, we was younger too. Yeah. I would've never went to the league. I would've just been keep switching school this. I'm just thinking year honestly about all of our niggas too. Yeah, but I'm saying all of our niggas that went to Juco and shit, people that we knew that was cold, they could've got pulled up to a big school and had this type of opportunity. That would've been dope. Yeah. I would've went to afford because niggas, niggas that we grew with would've definitely stayed in college. So they was 22. What I would've, it would've been, I would've went to four different schools after my freshman year.


I average 14, 15. That's 2 million. I would've went there if I had my sophomore year. That's 4 million. I don't know bro. You was playing with a different hand though. What you mean? 'cause bro yo, you like getting draft is different. I'm talking about niggas that just didn't have a chance. What I'm saying is my, my mind would need you had a chance. Like they would've been like yo, I would've been like, oh I ain't top five in the draft. Okay. I go take that 6 million from BYU. Yeah, you be a Mormon for 6 million. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be like, I'll go out there soaking for the six. Yeah. I've been soaking for the six I then I get yeah first round.


What if I'm Brady BYU got three inch from me. I am on the way. On the way bro. Yeah. I don't give a fuck pull up. That's, I'm still sitting, that's a thing. Wanna six, seven months. I know his grades already good. He probably about to graduate. Yeah. Nah, brain is solid. Yeah, he's cool. Yeah. But that's the dope part about like you said, is those people who may, You know, professional CS may not work out. We don't know. Right. But you can decorate now And you can really get to get your shit off because if you go do something crazy in the tournament, you are mortalized forever. That's the dope part about March Madness. You could have one two crazy games and everybody's gonna remember you forever. Think about shovel Shelby that wrong. Oh she NIL would've been what?


That second year for show who? And that's the people I'm talking about. Even though he made to the league, but he's still known as the Butler bulldog. No. Yeah bro. The people don't even probably come up here. I'm talking about Oh I remember you when you played for whoever they be like, be what you did at Butler. Oh me. Nah, that's a fact. You know what I mean? Bro. And io would've been, oh my God, come on bro. Ridiculous. Going back to back. Yeah he would've definitely would've been with John Wall now stay for his senior year. Oh for sure bro. He's a four year nigga for Yeah. Said about that Florida team after they won that chip and they was coming back to school. Oh man, they all been working four or 5 million each and a lot of them wanted to come back. Especially that little point guard. He would've been straight.


He'd have been more than straight. Yeah because Cory Brew would've come back. But he was like, my family needed that bread. Nah, he would've been, oh yeah, Corey was out. Yeah. He said it's different. Joe Key would've was yeah my my at home different. Yeah. Fuck Corey was Team, I hope it down for y'all one more year. You won. Alright. It's been real. Corey used to play for his life. He was a real team player for sure. That nigga never came out the game bro. That's crazy. Yeah bro. Yeah, when I seen that head man I said I knew my boy from the struggle. Did you play with anybody that was straight on your team in college? What you mean? Like, like who was, who was straight? Who was good? Like didn't really need No like most of 'em them are married now.


Well shout out to the Wake Forest lineage. Y'all go crazy on this show bro. I'm talking about paper. Oh y'all talking about niggas being studs and all that other extra shit nigga you like was they straight? I'm like nah, I mean financially bro. Y niggas always doing this paw shit for mind. I'm trying to have a simple conversation. All the black dudes on our team, they came from very similar backgrounds to me. I would say we had some walk-ons who were straight like they had paper. Well y'all niggas but you cannot say nothing on here bro. I'm saying that was just like a weird question like in this community, I mean You know how we rap though bro was like was they straight?


You supposed to be like was they money? Like they, they But You know how I talk so it different like everybody laugh before Mike face laugh. I'm saying you. I'm saying you said that before. So like when you said was they straight, I got I'm nah we having good convo talking about paper but you always joking so that's sad bro. Bro like respect the ASAP rocky clip service this weekend. Gay is crazy. He was like gay played at my mans shout to my dog Jason. Man he a good dude bro. Say what y'all want man. Chasing guys standing there.


What the fuck? Ain't that Rocky a wild nigga for doing that bro. Man it wasn't malicious man. He just, it wasn't, it was just like bro the cut the camera man that production team was out of pocket prepared into him after that. It was like yo, you can be anything you want Gay pointed at what is the first thing you saying like damn successful. I JC shit he, I ain't even funny. Y'all shout out to jc. I ain't gonna lie. You one the coolest motherfuckers I ever met though bro. And everybody says they cool man for God. He was super cool bro. He was super cool. Like to his own, do whatever you wanna do with your life.


He ain't never, he ain't you. I don't know what you say Act or whatever but he just was cool. Like he att he helped you with your game. Right. Listen Iron Mind because he, he about to make jokes man. Never man, never man Can't be real. That shit's crazy man. I can't even say bro. He is a good dude. I had shout. Shout to JC man. Hey did y'all see Anthony Mackey giving out his parenting device? Yeah I fuck with it. But why he said they can't wear Jordans. That's where I wanted to ask y'all, hey man, he told this kid, Hey when I leave you the man in the house, you hold this shit down.


So he has to have adult responsibilities. Why can't he handle the fives? Yeah, I don't, I respect what he said though but like I don't think having Jordan's make I get what he trying to say. Like we don't need that shit. Like you don't need to feel like, 'cause like you said people fighting them or killing people over Jordans like we don't live like that. Like Jordans ain't it ain't the end all be all. Like you can have a nice pair of shoes. They don't gotta be Jordans. Yeah but you can buy 'em without having them to have to go to the store and show 'em that they got them just order 'em on Goat. Yeah but I'm saying I think the whole purpose was him was like he want his kids to be normal and understand like what it's like to have you ain't privileged like you gonna go through this.


I know I'm Captain America but nigga you gonna have to learn how I learned a little bit. I'm look, I'm all for I'm nothing though. I'm all for teaching kids, You know what I mean? How to grow up and be men, women, whatever. Don't tell me I can't have a pair of Jordans that has nothing to do with my adulthood or helping me be a better person bro. I think it's just a a privileged thing like 'cause what kind of shoes do you want me to wear? Probably they probably got forces and shit but I think it is like when you got Jordans, even in our neighborhood when you have a pair of Jordans and a nigga didn't have 'em, you kind of like, but see this is, this is, this is where Anthony Mackey is disconnected because our Jordans was the Rick Owens, the McQueen, the Guc kids are coming to school now with a Mary Jeans on.


So my Jordans is technically my nigga the Air Force one. And I guarantee you his kids are not going to fucking Shore Ridge Northwest or they probably around white kids. So they probably don't even, none of that shit probably matter they got Jordans or any of that. It don't really even matter. They can have McQueen. Well I mean that's who I'm around the whole time. So what you really teaching me though? I'm saying motherfuckers probably beating up wearing beat up forces. So whatever he's saying really don't matter. But I think he was just trying to let 'em know like yeah because the environment that he's from and that they Black Jordans mean a lot in our community. Like you got a pair of Jordans, that shit mean a lot to us. We come on here every day and talk about Jay's nigga, we damn near all got own Jay's right now.


So I think he just trying to make a point like you don't gotta have that to be successful. That don't mean you successful. No I, I fuck with that. I I love his whole speech bro. To me honestly. Yeah that's what I damn near. That's what I damn near do in my household. But I ain't, I ain't telling my nigga he can't have no shoes. One thing I really liked about that is when he talked about we've been lying this whole time and it's time for us to correct it. Stuff ain't earned as given. I took what I was supposed to take from that and that was some real shit. Yeah I don't feel that though sh shit I don't feel that man in certain situations we see a lot of nepotism play into things and a lot of things like you said, some people get lucky enough that shit get passed down to them.


It always happens before people like us know. But yes you still have to work hard of course. But I 1000% agree you see a lot of things passed down to people To people who work their ass off who never get them opportunities but the reason it was passed down because somebody in that position worked they ass off to be able to pass that shit down. That's true. But those same people don't always give opportunity as well too. So you can work my ass off to get there and never get the opportunity if I work my ass off and I hand it to my son. Yeah fuck you. Yeah I worked my ass off. Yeah I'm gonna head it to my son. Why not? He don't gotta work his ass off 'cause I did it. That's how I kind of work. But what I'm saying to him is like even if you, you and I'm me and I pass it to my son, but if you work hard as fuck and when that opportunity, if it ever comes you prepared for it, you was prepared for it.


Like just 'cause you didn't get picked. You want to be prepared for it. I think that was the the point though. If the opportunity ever comes Yeah. Yeah. But it's very difficult for the person. It's a lot of times the opportunity comes and niggas don't be prepared for it. I agree with that 100%. But I'm saying if there's two people, one has a good relationship with you. Yeah. One has a okay relationship with you. The one that's okay is a better qualified person, you still give it to the person that has a good relationship with you. Yeah. Relationships is everything. It's more than money. Yeah. I think that's, I think that's the point we appreci that more so than the, the hard work is is your relationship. My biggest thing is like don't tell no 'cause what I, if I was a young kid listening to that and be like, it don't matter. You gotta be picked. That's basically said like you're picked like I ain't gonna work nigga if y'all ain't about to pick me, what the fuck am I working for?


The way he sounded sounded real. It, it sounded off. But like if you, I feel like if you understand what he's saying, I think it's the relationship based. Yeah but he gotta explain that different because the people that watch that show are younger kids now I'm watching football, I'm watching these people. I inspire, they inspire me. I look up to And you just told me if I don't I can work as hard as I want. If they don't pick me, it don't mean shit. And that's not true. 'cause you can work as hard as you want. You can work hard, keep doing it, keep striving, keep going and somebody can see that and it ain't that. They gotta pick you. It might not be Jerry Rice picks you to be the best receiver. You could work hard, work hard, work hard and somebody might just go down. The best receiver that they pick might tear ACL And you just might be the next man up.


They ain't pick you, they didn't want you, you just happened to be the next man up and they can change your life. Tom Brady, he wasn't fucking picked. No I I agree. You happy. You know what I'm saying? Prepared for the opportunity. Yeah. Tom Brady wasn't picked ing Sational. I mean he got an opportunity 'cause Kurt hiring. Yeah I wasn't picked. They ain't say, I mean I got picked to go to the league but to be successful in the NBI wasn't picked. That wasn't the guy at all. I didn't have the guy written on me at all. It it, it go both ways. I think the counter to it is just like what he's saying is you could work your ass off and if you don't get what you want, it may not just be because you didn't work hard enough. It's like nigga you can work our ass off and still don't get opportunity. Yeah. There's a lot of people who work their ass off and never get the opportunity. I think it's more of those people who work really hard and don't get the opportunity.


Yeah because you gotta think the life that they cheat, the life that he talking about is a very small Yeah, for sure. Window of people who get like to be a entertainer. Athlete's a very small window. Sure. But the the whole thing about working hard and doing all that shit, it can relate to something else. Like the way you do anything is how you do everything. Alright. So if you work hard at this, it might just translate to something else that you end up doing in your life. So to say like hey you gotta be pick. Yeah in this world you might have to look a certain way, you might have to meet certain requirements but just to say like hey you can work as hard as you want and it still might not be you. True but that hard work might transfer to something else that you're doing in life that has nothing to do with what you were working that hard for.


That's how I feel. So don't, I ain't like that he said that 'cause it's like damn, you just probably heard that's a young dude out here probably going hard as hell ain't got an offer yet. And he probably just heard that and was like yeah I just ain't picked, I know I'm better. I know I'm working hard as fuck. I just ain't picked. Kids are slipping into a depression like too. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like yeah they just ain't picked me or that's why the co I'm not a chosen one. Dang. And then that's not true though. No, I, I agree with that. I just think he, he probably could've went more in depth with it and explained his point. Have to when you make statement like that, especially when you Captain America, I'm with you. You know what I mean? That's a true point. Yeah. You know what I mean? Especially when you Captain America, which is seen people look at your, look at your opinion way different.


But that's also why he's saying that now. He would not have said this two years ago. Nah and nigga said this movie out, I'm Captain America now. Like listen, y'all already lost y'all last name Mar but y'all can't lose me right now. I'm getting my bars off. I fuck with it. Yeah but it was, I ain't gonna say it was bad nigga say that Anthony back too me. I ain't gonna say it was me niggas. I ain't gonna say it was a bad bar but it just wasn't an accurate bar. Yeah. I like the fact that it, it started a conversation. 'cause a lot of times like You know we are the our new generation appearance, older generation, stuff like that, they just kind of regurgitate stuff. We have access to more information. So him saying that stuff is like, hey this is my experience, this Hollywood shit crazy. Like you can work your ass off and never get here. They'd be passing this shit down. It may not be all right but I like the fact that he's generating another conversation. Yeah but he gotta be more specific like yo it's Hollywood entertainment life I bro like you can't that don't transition in real life.


Yeah. Like they pick who they want in this, in this field. Like say that like entertainment and sports, entertainment whatever. That field is more picked. Don't say that in other lives 'cause people, but I think other people might feel like they can relate onto the regular working field like they can. Yeah. But if, because it's a lot of motherfuckers that being working at a job 20 years and they didn't get to call up a kid that went to college four years come in and don't know shit. But I done learned the game like and they relationship my time. But I'm just saying that's cool but imagine if they just didn't do shit no more. Like fuck it, I'm just sit here And you really gonna be outta shit. Yeah. A lot of these college kids is graduating is crashing out.


Yeah. Yeah. And like social media it is gratification shit is crazy now. So you see so many people who look like they have it, it just makes shit worse. Yeah. I just, I just wasn't with the, if you don you can work as hard as you want And you still might not get it. It is true but I just feel like working hard it can translate to something else like that. That work ethic that you got. Yeah, just keep that positivity in the air. Yeah. Like that work ethic that you got. Let's keep that in the air. Like if it's like playing basketball And you get up every day And you grind, it's something you love and it don't work out for you. Whatever you gonna do in life, You know you able to work that hard. I'm gonna speak for Anthony Mackey. Anthony Mackey was talking about you nigga still making big tapes.


He, Anthony Mackey was not talking about the real blue collar workers that's trying to get that job at Lilly's analysis and shit like that. Keep riding. He talking about little Pooky that's 37 dropping, You know what I mean? Volume 37. And he wasn't, he wasn't. Yeah. So we got you as back back. But like the nigga still Cell City. Hey we're gonna play it. We got you, we got you. Like, but it's real conversation bro. To even be fucked up. But like, bro you probably wasn't picked like, you might've been like for Marvel, but you did a lot of shit to get there bro. You went to Julliard right?


Yeah. Like he got the resume. Yeah. Like you, you had to do some shit to get picked. Like you had worked hard. You be in a small group. You had to be there. You had to be there to Yeah you had to be there. That's that relationship shit. It was a relationship. But you had to go, you gotta elaborate. Elaborate. You had to kiss some people and do, nah, we ain't gonna say anything back was flipped upside down. He he did. What'd he do? What did he get upside down do? I'm played, he played a, he played a gay role. Oh I didn't, I ain't tapped in. I didn't know he said it on the show. Yeah. Oh okay. But I'm just saying like that's, he had a French kiss. I'm saying that's, that's a role he that's a role he had to take to that. That's a part of his journey in that, in that field.


Yeah. To be picked. Oh You know what daddy or my mama, I'm a, I'm getting my own George. Nigga the fuck outta here T Nigga. I ain't doing all that to get no James nigga. I'm about to get it off the bus. I'm just saying though because I, I would assume he said he is an actor. He was like, I took that role 'cause I'm acting nigga, I don't give a fuck about that. I'm acting, I know who I am, blah blah blah. And that's cool. I feel you. But you had to put in some hard work, do some shit to get in that field. Damn. Yeah, I'm just, I ain't like when he said that 'cause I don't think you was just picked bro. 'cause you like damn near this crit in your work almost. Yeah. Yeah. And I know you worked hard.


Had to. Yeah, for sure man. Hey, thought provoking conversation for sure man. Before we get out here, be here and tell the people they can grab some merch. Chad Shop Club five twenty.com baby. For sure. We live with it. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time. Club five 20, The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois.


What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you Forties and Free Agents. The only podcast you'll need. This NFL draft season from DJ's, mock drafts to my top 1 0 1 free Agents will have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March sixth on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I speak with California governor Gavin Newsom. Is there any chance of increased tax breaks for the movie business? We're gonna Double it. You are. I proposed that a few months ago and that was right before the fires. What do the fires only reinforce? Right? The imperative. And also working with all our friends, You know, the, the who's who of Hollywood saying it's time to double down on bringing production back to California, particularly this time of recovery and renewal. I said to my legislative friends, I said, there's no budget. I'll veto the budget. If we don't get it done, it's gonna get done. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.