
Hey, Mike. Glad you could join me for some great seafood. Me too. Wait, why are you dressed in fishing gear? You said we were going out to catch great seafood, right? Yes. To Popeye's. Do you even know how to fish? No. I thought you did. Oh, yeah. I could catch pretty good seafood at Popeye's. Let's go. Let Popeye's do the fishing while you enjoy our delicious signature seafood. Get Popeye's flounder fish sandwich or shrimp tackle box before they're gone. Limited time at participating in US restaurants.


So hold on just a second. Ooh, I know you don. I, I I ain't got, I ain't got no other feet. Look at that. Ah, look at that. Let me see. All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice. Got the roll of dice, the swat. All my life. I be grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Hello. Welcome to another episode of Club Sheha. I am your host, Shannon Sharpe.


I'm also the proud of Club Sheha, and today we're at Spotlight la Stopping by for conversation on the drink. Today is a force to be reckoned with in the music and media. She's known for a bubbly, down to earth personality, hilarious commentary and catchy sayings like period. She sets the tone for being a bold and ambitious, a member of the most popular girl group of this decade. She has created anthem for women empowerment and independence. She's a larger than life presence. She's a platinum selling rapper, award-winning podcast host must watch entertainer, viral influencer, trendsetting artist, A talented content creator, a loving mother, a rising executive producer, and exceptional entrepreneur who's building an empire with a car game. Resha Roulette. Miami's own. She flew all the way from Dade County.


Isha, the government name, but You know, it's Young Miami. Welcome to the show. Ooh, that was a good introduction right there. You like That intro? Yes. I'm like, clock it, clock it, clock it. Ooh. So when you hear me reading all this off And you like, damn, I did all that. Do you realize what you've done at such a young age? No. I mean, I realize it, but that right there just settled in. I'm like, hold on. It just k it just kept going. That just, you feel good. Like, okay. Well thank you so much. Thank you for joining us on Club Shay. Shay, normally we toast. But you have a game. It's called Resha Roulette and we have Resha Roulette. Relo. I love it. So we're gonna play this game to start off. So give me a, a a a brief synopsis of what we're doing here.


Okay. So the roulette, which is a card game, come with a hundred deck of cards and it comes from shock glasses. You'll just take a shot. Okay. The reload it, now it comes with a wheel. Okay. So we're gonna spin the wheel. So you spin the wheel and Whatever it, Whatever it lands on, you Gotta pick from that category. So it's three categories. It's either there, pay, take a shot. Okay. Or get wowed. Let me see. Ooh, You cheating. You already looking at the card. Well, Where the money at? You got some money because you, if you ain't gonna do this day, I need my money. You gonna have to, you gonna have to pay me up. Yeah. Oh yeah. There you go. The money. Yeah. Okay. So I'm gonna spend a wheel.


Okay, take a shot. Damn. I thought the muscle, we ain't even ask no question. No, I gotta pull from the deck of card. Now take a shot. That what you get. Okay. It say take a shot. If you go through the self checkout to steal when times is hard, I ain't gonna lie. I don't went through this. Going to get one. Go to get one. Go to get one. I done went through the self-checkout and I You ain't scared my arms before Scam one and take, put two in the bag Shot at the Walmart. Alright. Alright. Okay. We about to turn. Yeah. Okay.


It says, Oh no, you moved that. It says your pick. It was right here. Okay. Okay. Your pick which one you wanna pick from. So you get to pick your, your deck of cards, which you want. Do you want I would do dare play. Okay. Allow the player of your choice to purchase something online right now for up to $20 with your debit or credit card. Or pay $5 to another player. I ain't got no debit card. I probably should have took a shot. I give you $5. Here you go. You'll gimme $5. You could have let me order that something off. Amazon, You have this money, but are you supposed to have real money? No. You, so you could pay with real, you could play with real money or you can use the Isha bucks.


Okay, I'm gonna hear you go Isha bucks. Alright, your turn. You got speed? You got speed. Okay. I like this. Okay, let me see. Okay. Okay. You know it And you cheat. Damn. We just two minutes in the game And you cheat on you had to take another shot. Yeah. Okay. But they took a shot. Took shot. Yes. Oh. Like I like this. I like, I you See, that's why I don't like playing my game. Yeah. So what it say, what you gotta do It say take a shot? If you gotta use Lu to get wet? Yeah.


I don't know. But you gotta take a shot. Oh no, I ain't gotta take no shot to that. You ain't Gotta get you. Oh, okay. No. Okay. Slippery went wet. Thank you. Okay, come on. Yeah, no, take a shot. Damn. I want you to get a good one. Can I go, do I have to pick up the top of the deck? Can I go? No, you Can pick from where you wanna pick from. Oh, okay. Take a shot. If you've ever did something strange for a piece of change. Absolutely not. Didn't ever do that. Ain't got you go, go ahead. Yo. Yogo your turn. Okay, let me see. Take a shot. Take a shot. Yeah, that's okay.


Take a shot if Okay. This is a good one. Okay. Tell me if You know this. It say finish these lyrics. Yeah, we knuck in it. Bucking. I don't know nothing about that. Knuck, if you Buck. Yeah, we n they puck in ready And ready. No Man, take a shot. You know, yell me. N they puck in. They ready to fight. Say I'm cool, I'm cool. Calm collecting. I don't do that kind of. So lemme ask you this. Why we playing this game? How do you come up with the idea of creating a game? 'cause I like to play. Like, I'm the type of person, I'm very like, I like to get to know people.


So I love to play. Like never have I ever Drink out of the person's cup next to you. Or pay everybody $1 here. I been gonna give you so many. I dunno. See, I like to play with you. I know I'm gonna leave with me a great change. But see we was playing some real money. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I leave with some money and See, here's the thing, we ain't got one player, but see how many players can play at this game at one time. You could play with to 10 people. How many people you wanna play with? Like, You know, it's gonna be like a little event. So you could play up to 10, seven people. So you're sitting around one night And you say, You know what, because you obviously, if you, you play in this game, you like to play car card games, you like to play games, I mean, what, what's your favorite card game to play?


Tk. Tk, okay. You like to play t? Yeah. I don't know how to play spades. Okay. You play. So, so how do you play tk? So lemme ask you a question. 'cause we play it a several different ways. Obviously if you go down and get caught, you gotta play that person double. But the way we also play, so I play before, if you go down and somebody catches you, you have to pay everybody at the board. Have you See I don't play for money. I, I'm just out there. Oh No, no, no. Ain't nothing for fun. Hell, you, you even got, you got money right here. Okay, your turn. You know why? 'cause I know that people love to play card games for money. So I was like, that's what my daddy them do. They play, they play spades and they be talking and they like, yeah, gimme my money. It gets so intense. Walk up. Yeah. Yeah.


And I'd be like, oh my God. I be sitting, I'm like, damn, this is interesting. So when I did the first one, I just did it like take a shot, right. This one, I'm like, You know what, I'm gonna add some of Isha bucks to it so it could be like a little more intense, a little more fun. Right. And that's what made me wanna add like the money to it. Yeah. But they need to come with their own, their own real money. No, you could play with real money. But I know that some of my consumers Yeah, You know Monopoly, You know, so Yes, yes. Yeah. Yeah. I put like a little, a little twain to it. But me and my friends, we playing with real money. Like, oh do you, me And you, we gonna play with real money. Oh, you try to get my money. You try to get, because I see you, you, you ready to play. You like, yeah, yeah, yeah. See You ain't gonna do nothing death see me, I ain't giving you my money. So you go, you gonna spill the beans, huh? Yeah, I'm gonna do the death.


What's up? Come on, spill the wheel. See I keep letting it don take a shot. Take a shot. Let me see. See we ain't got no it say eat a spoonful of mustard or take a shot. We don't got no mustard. So we got The mustard. Well yeah, you gotta take another one. You got what It say? Thank you. It say text your ex be I miss You'll take a shot. Text Him. Let me tell you something I don't miss. Get the fuck on. I don't miss you. So I'm gonna take my shot. I don't miss you Bail.


He, You know he gonna see this right? You Be doubling back. What that Do you double back? No. Oh no, no. Spin the block. Yeah. Nah. So once you on, You know, but He gonna see this, You know this right? Okay. Okay. Text me if you miss me. Damn. You Just told that man. You don miss him beat my text. Yeah, I'm not, You know, like, You know, chase me. So, But lemme ask you this. Okay? You, you have this idea for a card game. How do you take that idea and turn it into a business? So I, I feel like I, I I love money clearly. I love money. So, and I love to play games, so I gotta turn my game into some money. So I just called like I got a creative director. I called her. I said, Hey, can you help me evict this card game?


And we put the, we put the moodboard together and we just brought it to life. How long did it take you? Six months. A year. I was gonna say six months. Okay. 'cause we gotta go through the cards. We gotta play it right. I'm the type of person, I'll approve something and it'll be like in production, it's done. I'm like, hell no. Whatever I spent, we gotta change it. Like I want everything to be right. Right. So let me, so obviously these cards, so all, a lot of these cards have to be some of your own ideas. It's like, okay, I want this on the card, I want that on the card. Did you have other people giving you ideals or insight of what they thought? Yes I did. Okay. I did. I came up with majority of the cards, but I did have some people like, damn what I could put on the card.


What we be doing? It says wild card. Oh. Who's trying to get wild now? So what that mean? I can pick any card. You Gotta pick from the deck of Get wild. So this is right here. Get wild. Okay. Okay. I don't know if you wanna pick from the top. I wanna pick from the middle. Okay. Okay, because you about to set me up. Okay. I got what right here. Get wild, spend a bottle, whoever it lands on, give them a body massage for 30 seconds. We ain't got no bottle. See that's why you gotta play this game. I always say that. So, So we gotta, so there's certain items that you're gonna have to have. So you're gonna have to have food, you're gonna have to have mustard, you're gonna have to have hot sauce or ketchup or X, Y and Z.


You're gonna have to have a bottle so you can spend a bottle. So there are several things obviously you're gonna have, if there are cer I mean like tequila, cognac, is there any, like any other beverages you can have? So water, You, you play with your own beverage. That's just like if you went to a house party, right? You put out a game. Y'all already in the setting. Right? So y'all, let's just play the game. Okay? Okay. Okay. But I always say like, don't play with your man, don't play with your wife and don't play with your mama. 'cause it's gonna, it's gonna get wild. Right? You and your wife. 'cause it be like text your ex. Oh no. It be like, let me go through your phone. The why, like Yeah, Go through the phone. Y'all got, I gotta call back. Yeah, well I'm gonna have to pull that one out before, as soon as I get by It be like, let the person next to you go through your phone for 10 seconds.


Go through your apps, all that. Like, yeah. Yeah. You asking, you asking for trouble Right here. I wanna see the last lift you sunk. Let me see that lift account. Don't play with your, Hey, what You, I got a my pick. I'm gonna do a dare pay. Okay, what else? What it Say Shannon? We can't do that. It says transfer a shot from your mouth to the mouth of a person next to you. Or pay that person $3. Come on with it. Come on with it. Isha, come on with it. Dodge your black babe. You trying to blow me outta there for real.


Oh my god. Okay. See this what I'm saying this why i's gonna get messy? It say type your name in a pair of your choice phone and review why your name was mentioned for 10 seconds. So that's why I was like, gimme your phone. I'm gonna type my name in there, search history and see what you was saying about me. I ain't say nothing but you wanna get get my phone Jordan. My bad. Imagine you was playing with Michelle. Oh there you go. And you had to type Michelle in there. So where I, where I go, where I, here where I go. Okay. You'll go like to your messages and then you'll just type Isha.


Wait, you ain't saying nothing. See That's what I'm saying. We all good. We all, we all cool. So is this a, lemme ask you a question. Is this a good game for a first date? So would you play this game on a first date? I Would. You asking for trouble Because You know what? Like, Because You know that, that that card that you pulled says okay, transfer alcohol to his, to somebody and then all of a sudden y'all gonna end up start kissing, kissing, lead the other thing on the first day. I'm kissing on the first day. Huh? I mean if I, if I done went on a date with you, that mean I like you.


Okay. That mean we done got past like the little talking stage. Really? If I wanna go on a date, it's like yeah, we can kiss on the first person you kiss On the first. Oh. Oh, okay, okay. Well yeah. It ain't gotta be all man. But, but when you transfer you gotta get down in there because you don't wanna spill nothing on his clothes. You don't, you don't wanna get nothing on your dress. You don't kiss on first dates. No, I'm a gentleman. I'm old school though. I know old school They be kiss on the first date now because I'm, I'm like, I'm learning a lot. You know they be doing a lot of stuff on The first date. I know. You know, everybody in The world is different. Yes. So to each its own. Right. You got some people that kiss on the first date. You got some people that don't. So lemme ask you this. What's an ideal first date?


I'm not gonna lie. Like I want the carpet read out, like rolled out for me on the first date. On The first date? Yes. Damn. It's a first impression. It's a first impression. So Where you go from there? If he does that, if he rolled the red carpet out on the first date, what he going do? You gotta do for the second date? Take your ass to San Trpa. No, now you can see me in the bun and stuff. See you What? In my little bun. And you can see me like in my sweats with my makeup and stuff off on the second date. 'cause we done got through the first stage. Damn. Like on the first date. What you gonna do? You want to just be boring? No, no. I thought the first date. Okay. First date. Okay. We, we, we done talked. Okay. Where would you like to go? We gonna go grab a bite to eat.


Where would you like to go? Boom, boom, boom. Okay. We going out to eat. Probably she gonna take an Uber or Lyft. I can't remember the last time I've actually driven to, so I, I'm from the old school where you used to drive to go pick up the lady. Yeah. To go take her out. Do You still do that? No. No. Hell nah. Because don't nobody trust you like that because it's the first date. You know what I'm saying? So ain't nobody really trusting you like that. Even who I am. If they know me, blah, blah, blah. I get it. Yeah. I ain't have no problem with that. Right. But I grew up in an era where you went and picked the lady up And you had to date, you went to where you go movies out to eat or to an event And you brought her back home. Right. I like that. That's very grown, intimate and sexy. They, they let me know that I can trust you. Yeah. Yes.


You, You making sure I get back home. Yes. You pick me up. You a gentleman. Yeah. You made sure I got back home. Yeah. All that. Sending me a Lyft. I don't know if I could trust you. Right. Because when you send me a lift, where you going? Oh, you think he going to where I be? I Need you to drop me off and make sure I get home safe. And I want you, when I come out, I want you to open up the door for me. Get me in the car. We ride, we gonna have a little playlist. We gonna talk and we gonna be grown and sexy. Right. That's what I like. Yeah. And see, You know, I drop the person off. Hey, hey thank you. I, You know, walk you to the door, make sure you get in place. And then I turn and go. Yeah. I ain't going up to your place. You Yeah, I don't like that. We meeting each other. You going in before? No. Okay. I'm grown. Okay. Court me. Make me feel, make me feel like you, you like me, You know you interested.


So, but I'm saying you say you don't like the guy. I mean he's being Curtis, he didn't have to send that. He could have made you go get your own ride here, but he sent you an Uber. He sent you a nice black. If it's A date, hi, I'm going to like, But I'm saying so that's what you, the expectation level is if he ask you out on a date, he's supposed to arrange everything. Yes. Where y'all, you don't, Hey, just tell me where I need to be. What time I need to be there. I feel like that's a date. Yes. Okay. Okay. As a man, if a man set up a date for you, I feel like he set up the date. Right. Everything is you just come. Okay. Okay. Do you agree? Yes. Yes I do. Yes. I, but I, but for me, I, okay. What do you like, You know, I need to know what you like to eat, what, You know, what's some of the places, obviously I don't want to go, go to a particular place that you've probably been before, but although you might've been there before somebody else and they're like, well damn, she was just here, You know, the other day with such and such.


And if they come to the, oh hey Reha, how you do? If everybody walked by, Hey Reha. Yeah. Hey young Miami, how you do? I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Damn. How many times you done been up in this joint? Yeah. So I'm gonna be feeling some type of way. So I just want you to know when I'm sitting over there quiet, I'm wove. I'm just gonna go ahead, keep it a style with you. I'm, I'm wove 'cause I'm feeling some type of way. Like, well damn, she must be a regular up in this piece. But I'm not gonna lie, I got arrested in Miami that I love Poppy State. I'm a regular in there. Oh, Joe told me about that one. Ooh, it's so good. It's good. It's so good. You know how like sometimes you could go to a restaurant and then it's like, nah, I need a break. It's so good. So it's like I just go down a regular, like sometimes I go out to eat by myself.


Really? Yeah. Can I tag along? We go have a ball. Oh, there we go. So, okay, first date. What is some of the stipulations? Okay. If you go on the first date, what's some of the things that he has done to make sure he gets a second date or some of the things that he didn't do to make sure he doesn't get a second date? I just don't like boring. I don't like a man. I feel like I don't like people that can't hold a conversation. Okay. Like we can't just be at the dinner. We both just quiet. Really? I like personality. Are You a quiet person? I am though. Okay. You quiet. So you want somebody to Talk? Yeah. Like I want you to like get it outta me. Okay. You know, get me open. Let me feel comfortable. Okay. Like to just share something. So Lemme ask you a question.


You go to the, you go to the you, they seat you, you want 'em to sit across from you or you want 'em to sit next to you. So at first I want you to start across from me because I like eye contact. Okay. I need to look you in your eyes. Okay. And I need to know that we like connecting. Okay. And then like by the end of the night, I need you like next to me. Okay? Okay. Did y'all all hugged up? Everybody looking? Because by the end of the night, I'm gonna know if this a no go. Right? Or if I see you again Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. I was thinking about next week. No, that's too long. Too long. Yeah. Why next week I need you to text me. Good morning. Beautiful. Like I really enjoyed last night with you. Really? Yes. Yeah. I been that I, I be, see I be feeling some type of way that she think like, oh, he, he ain't got nothing to do with his time.


He already texted me. I'm not gonna lie. As a woman, we are like, once we already got them feelings, it is be like, we be like, okay. When he gonna text, he's come friend, he text good morning. Like, okay, it's that. Oh, when you like somebody, right? If you don't like 'em, it's just like, ugh. So first date, You know, I just saw this story. I don't know if you saw this study. They say 75, 80% of the men has never asked a woman out on a date personally. So me And you having a conversation, Hey, I'm such and D Shannon Sharp, how are you doing? What's your name? Blah, blah blah. I would like to take you out. Most of the time they say it's through dms. It's third party interaction.


Yes. We've lost the art of asking another person out on a date. Yes. That's what happened. I never got asked on the date. Really? No. So they slide your dms, huh? You answer Or just be like, it goes down in the dm, not going. Oh, you answer. Yeah. Yeah. I Don't get my phone right quick. I'm kid. I kidding. I'm not gonna lie. I be, I I be in my DM and I don't like, I I went on a day off of my dm. Did You? He had to be. So it Started in the dm right? And then it went to text. But I ain't gonna lie, like I feel like I'm the one that kind of like take the lead a lot.


'cause it was like in the D end, I'm like, nigga just text me. You, you ask the too from my neighbor. Here's funny, but text me if you wanna go on a date, let's just get to it. 'cause this whole DM thing is gone. Yeah. Going back and forth. Yeah. I'm not finna keep waking up opening my apps to see if you like, So clearly he had to be someone a prominent so that clearly you trust him and you're like, okay, I can, I can go on a date with him. So how did that work out? It was cool. It was cool. You went on a second date, did you? It was cool. Dang y'all. I ain't gonna lie. He did his one on the first date. I was like, okay. That's how you come on the first date. It was real cute. It was real cute. Did y did y'all go to Poppy State? No. Okay. I go to, I actually, we wasn't in Miami.


Y'all Weren't in there. So lemme okay. This is Linda, the dm. Have you ever been on a, a, a, a dating app? No. No, I'm not doing that. Oh Really? I already just get me some cats or something by that time. So what, what's, what's the pre, obviously you are in the, you are in the music industry. I'm sure a lot of entertainers like want to entertain you. But also you have that look, you have that body that athletes crave and desire. You, you have a preference. Who, as far as what? The type of man you like athletes or you like entertainers.


Even though athletes are EI Ain't gonna lie, Them athletes different. Huh? I Lie, I dunno if it's like, I don't know. I think hear me out, I never really dated an athlete like that. Yeah, but it's a little different. Like it's a little, you wasn't supposed to athlete, right? I was a football player. I was. Y'all like to play a little playful, right? I'm, I'm not, but some do You was Never playful, like in your younger days. Nah, Nah. Never. No. I've always been very matter of fact. For real. Yeah. Yeah. I I don't do that. I don't do that. Playing around. So You never played around in the locker room? No.


You know, I play the jokes, but I'm saying like, like with my partner, I've been serious because, 'cause You know it's gonna happen. You pill fight and then you hit somebody hit too hard And you throw water. And when you not expecting to get you and so your own sw. So I say, You know what, let's just not even start that. And we keep it a relationship, relationship. But no, I, I don't, You know, I do, You know, know what? Know. You wanna know what I do. Like that athletes do what? When they do a touchdown, they do they little dance. Yeah. That's so cute. Well the entertainers, they be doing it when, I mean, when they were on stage. Yeah. But it's like different when you do like a little score, you do like the little Right. I like That. Is it because like you are in the music, you are in the, you're in the music business And you call a lot of, a lot of guys that try to approach you.


I'm saying guys, I I've used that loosely. I don't know. But anyway, you probably know a lot of them athletes. You're not con, I mean you might know, recognize 'em by the face, but you don't really know 'em probably like, You know. No, I miss the sports. I'm not gonna lie. I go to basketball games. I go to football games. I think that like, I think I would do more of the entertainment world because I think it makes sense. You know? I feel like athletes is too damn serious. Like, it's like us as rappers, it's just entertainers. We get to do what we want. Right. Like with athletes, it's like a schedule. Like you gotta work out, you gotta do this. And it's like, you don't like That It's structure. It's too damn serious. It's like, god damn, it's Up. You like spontaneous, huh?


Ooh. You like being able to just pick up and go do whatever. Yeah. However, It's like they can't be caught out. They got like a It is too serious. Yeah. I don't like serious. You don't? So lemme ask you this, okay? You go, you went out with an athlete. What was who? What athlete? I'm just, Hey, you never gone out with you Keep referring to? No. You haven't, haven't gone out with one? No. You wanna go out with one? I mean, I will. I'm open to it. Okay. Y'all hear that guys, you open to an athlete now. You like, you like big defensive lineman. 6 5 2 60. You like the, I like offense. You like, so you like a wide receiver run Back. I like offense. Okay. I like offense.


Okay. I like, I like, I like when the ball is in your court. I like the ones that gotta like, You know, they Gotta catch the ball and do something. Get the ball. The, yeah. Okay. You know. So you like wide receivers running backs? Yeah. Maybe a quarterback too. Quarterback. You like the quarterback? Ooh, the quarterback. I ain't never had no quarterback. I'm just saying. But I'm just saying. Yeah. You know, they like, they the MVP, You know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do. But a lot, most of the quarterbacks, they're like, they either married or have a serious relationship. So I'm trying to get you something that You know. So Who would you put hook, hook me up with? If you had to like put me on a blind date or if you can like, ooh wee, who you gonna get me? Damn. That's a very good question.


I don't know if CJ Stroud, You know CJ Stroud take quarterback for the Texas, Why would you go cj? I dang you just asked me to hook you up. I to hook you up now You say why go hell, That man is a Christian. You might be change him. You know what? You, You know what? I think it started spin that wheel again. Okay, lemme ask you. You go on a date. You go on a, a, a first date, second date, whatever the case may be. Gimme a red flag. Ooh a red flag. 'cause you just can't hold no conversation. Like, I hate a nigga that just can't talk like, Hey babe, like what's up?


What About get to know me? What about if a guy y'all having the time, You know, he'll cross you and he look at his phone? Yeah. I don't like that phone shit neither. Put your phone down. I'm not even gonna be on my phone. You probably won't even know that I got a phone. Wow. So he's gonna get your undivided attention. You want that in return? Yeah. Once I'm on a date, You know I'm, I'm here like you Here, you present. That mean I like you. We made it to this point. I wanna get to know you and I'm gonna give you all my attention. How Many phone calls a guy gotta put in before he get a date? You just gotta be consistent, You know? Okay. Just throughout the day. Maybe you say good morning. I understand you got work and ain't gotta be an all day thing. But it definitely gotta be like some follow up. Like how your day going? Good morning. Goodnight. How?


Lemme ask you a question. The average lunch of a phone, a conversation. Somebody trying to get to know Young Miami. How long the conversation, is it 10 minutes? Is it 30 minutes? Is it 45 minutes? Is it an hour? Mm. I like to text. Just text me. Oh, you like texting? Yeah, text. See I, I see that. That's, that's too informal. That's too impersonal. How you don, you don, God you don't wanna pick up the phone and talk to me? You talking you want my undivided teacher. We gonna FaceTime and Yeah, but after rip, no, you gotta build up the FaceTime. Yeah. FaceTime is a thing now. No, it ain't no thing. I swear to God everybody just FaceTime. You see the, the, the, the young school, what y'all call, because you old school. So what y'all call 'em like the little the young Millennial? Yeah. Them? Yeah. Them young.


Yeah, The youngest. They wanna FaceTime you straight off the rip. Like ain't no calling a regular. They FaceTime straight off the rip. Yeah. What, What, what happened? I don't, they just need to see your face. They wanna know the background. Where you at? It's FaceTime. Yeah. Yeah. They try to call me FaceTime. I call regular. They be like, Uhuh, FaceTime me. I ain't, I'm like, oh, I ain't doing nothing babe. My wit was just lifting. But yeah. Hey nah, I just hit decline. I'm, I'm talking To you. You don't like FaceTime? I'm, but I'm talking to the person. Why you FaceTiming me? If you talking to me, you Need to see the background. So that way when I, I know the next time I face that ain't, that ain't your bad. That ain't your kitchen. Damn. Where you at? You trying to figure out all that? Yeah. Yeah. Man, she Mm mm mm What about some green flags?


What's a a goal? This a goal. I ain't gonna lie. A green flag is just always like, how your day going? Are you okay? Is there anything I can do to make you feel better? It is just like asking am I okay? I love it man. That's am I. Okay. So what's the longest you've ever, what's the longest you've ever talked on the phone? You had a, you, somebody they call you? Not not I'm saying it could be FaceTime, it could be regular call. What's the longest you've conversation you've had on the phone Call? Like what a man? Yeah, like three hours. Okay. That's a good conversation. You was into that. You was into that call work. No, it's just like we, we started talking and I just sat on my phone. They just sat on the phone while I was just doing whatever I was doing.


That's a man that like you. Yeah. That's interested in you. Yeah. With that FaceTime. Three hours of FaceTime. Damn. I like men that like really likes me. You know, like I'm very into that. Like, I like men that like, that's really into me. You know? Like that one is just know what I'm doing. That can't stay away from me. I'm used to that. Like the, the men that I date, we do everything together. Like we, they gonna sit me to get my hair done, my nails done. Oh No. See that's too much. That's because You know how long that take? Yes. Oh I ain't that kind of time. And to get your nails done too. My glam team right now, they can vouch for me. You trying to show him off You like all y got this. Do you, you try to show it Bobby?


It ain't it. I'm not, I'm just saying what I like Lord. That mercy they be doing who's more toxic? Men or women? Both. You Luck, toxicity. I can tell Sometimes. I can tell Sometimes. Sometimes it keeps the relationship going. I had kale Mitchell on. He mentioned something about soul ties. You believe there's such a thing I believe in soul ties. Yes. You gotta spin the wheel. I spun the wheel last time. Okay. You do Get wild. Ooh, down with me. Get wild on shine the shark.


Okay. I think this's the get wild. Lemme see how now you laughing. Lemme see what he say. Lemme see what his, lemme read this lick a person opposite sex told for 10 seconds or take a shot. Be. It's so cute. Like I, You pulled the card. You gotta The only fan for my toes. Make sure y'all zoom in on my toes. Hold On. I'm gonna slide the OnlyFans for this. I get that. You, you could start that after this here boo. They just say said make it. They say you The one that read it, But you don the car. But you said Lemme Read it. No, I just wanted because I was No, it Go about whoever Read the car. No, I want, I wanted to make, I wanted to make sure.


No, I wanted to make sure because you about to be because you like Mm, because I don't think, I didn't think you was going to read what was actually on the car. So hold on just a second. Oh, I know you about, lemme don't put out them. I'm gonna run outta here. I promise you. No, I ain't got no open feet. I ain't got no open feet. Look at that. Ah, look at that. Lemme see. Okay, now, Okay, I love it man. Girl hygiene as I take, I take two to three showers every day. Oh, You ain't got athlete feet. I'm surprised. Why? You surprised? Because, Ooh, man, feet be bad. Especially the Athletes. I get a man impaired every week. They be having corns. They be crusty. Yeah, they do that. That ain't me though babe.


That ain't me. Okay, sweet. But you ain't have to take no shot. You ain't gotta take no shot. Obviously you Like this game that I do. I do like this. I'm telling y'all, y'all better go get this game. But I'm telling y'all, y'all gonna have a ball. Y'all might end up just getting married. That's why you can't play with your Husband. This, this reminds me of a game. I don't know if you've ever played a drinking game called questions. So it's, yeah, you get like 10 people playing And you ask a question and the person has to respond with a question. Okay? So I ask you, where are you from? You can't say Miami. You have to say what's your favorite position? You have to ask a Question. Oh, okay. I like that.


Yeah. It's called Questions. It's called questions. Now if you don't answer in the form of a question, you have to take a shot. Mm. So you could imagine after playing for several hours And you and people not paying attention because normally someone asks you a question, you answer. Yeah. But you have to answer in the form of a question. Okay? Yeah. Boy. Whew. That was when I was young. Lord have mercy


When it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets, buzzer beaters. Cinderella's advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draftking Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sports book. Download the Draftking Sports book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Lemme ask you a question. What's some of the most, what's some of the most common toxic traits that you see in relationships? The tick for T you do something. I gotta do something like proving and point to each other. I feel like sometimes two, two rows. Don't make it right. You gotta know when to walk away. Don't make a left either. Yeah, But lemme ask you this. You believe in getting your lick back. Oh But I thought you didn't like 10 for ta. Oh, I said that's it. Listen, I'm gonna get my lick back if I gotta get life. Trust me babe. Damn. No, because sometimes a nigga could just do you so wrong that you're gonna pay for what you did.


Like you're gonna feel the pain that I felt. It just depends on the level of like pain that you put me through. Right. If you already did something up, shit. Oh, Oh, you get it back. Huh? And you gonna, he gonna pay. He gonna make him hurt. Huh? You're gonna suffer. And I mean that. So he, you gonna get your lick back. Is it planned out? You like Uhuh. This ain't gonna be quick. This ain't, this ain't this ain't Amazon Prime. You ain't gonna get this next day or a couple hours. This gonna be methodical. You ain't gonna even see this coming. I don't wanna put nobody on the spot. But you got your lick back one time. Thank you.


And I ain't play. Damn. He was like, you don't play no games. I said don't ever play with me like that again in your life. And then y'all got back together. No, But I see him from time to time. But lemme ask you a question. If you, if could you get your lick back and be back with him? Oh now where? Where'd he do that at? Right here. Because now we even, now You know what you Mean we evil. Now You know don't, don't Women, women licks hurt more you don't like, but Okay, as a man, this is what I don't understand. Men just be like, but I love you though. I love you too babe. I love you just as much as you love me.


But I used to be feeling like as a woman, I would never like I'm the type of woman that it's like I'm never gonna do you like that. I got too much respect for you. But once you show me, you could do me like that. I gotta do you the worst way. What? Because you hurt me. But that lit. But You know, it's like, Well I gotta spare you. If you ain't gonna spare me. Huh? Why do I have to spare you? But that, but see, and you're not gonna spare me. But see here's the thing. We playing. We playing a hitting game. I hit you like that. And do you ba Yeah. Yeah. B ah baby you you dirty Man. Fag gonna play. Call the referee. Yeah. You gonna get 'em back like that. What?


At the Super Bowl? What? Now? You know everybody gonna be down there. Thank You. Thank you. No, because I just feel, I don't like that. I just be feeling like women are so I'm gonna speak for me. I come with everything genuine. Like I feel like if I don't fuck with you, I'm not gonna fuck you. Like if I don't see no interest in you, I probably talk to you for like the first week I feel I'm just like, nah. You know what I'm saying? Like I don't even wanna even make you feel like that. If it's not that. Right. And I come in every situation genuine. 'cause it's like I with you. Right. And I'm gonna be honest. Whatever you wanna know, just ask me babe. And if it ain't gonna right, it's not gonna right. But once you start playing games with me and I'm being genuine and I really with you And you gonna hurt me, the queen.


Lemme ask, lemme ask you this. Okay, you been in a relationship? Have you lost interest in a guy you like, damn, I really like this dude. I really like him. I'm really digging him. Blah, blah blah. And then five, six months, seven months in you like, this ain't what I thought It was. Yeah. How you tell him how you tell him like, bro, this ain't working. Just you start by answering this call. Yeah. Now see what? See all them FaceTime calls you. He was on FaceTime. It just be like, know You can you want to go out? No, because I don't even know what to say to you at this point. I don't even know how to tell you. Like it ain't working. You know why, You know what to say. Just say it ain't working bro. Men a lot of high value men worried about being in a situation where they get trapped. Okay, women have kid, blah, blah, blah. Do you worry about that?


Do you worry about being a high value woman? Like yourself getting trapped? Ooh, I ain't gonna, I got two kids. I do want one more. But I am the type of person I think that like women do try to trap me in. Yeah. All the time. I see it. But you Got a little bit more control, you ain't gonna lay it. 'cause You know y y'all have things now. Yeah. Y'all go to the drug School. I always tell women like, wait, child support is cool, but like raising the child is very more important. You know, like it's not all about the, the money, like the broken families is a thing. Right? Like it's important to have a mom and dad. Right? Like money can be cool, but it's like this child need a father and it needs to be some type of co-parenting. Sometimes when this just like a money grab, you have a child, you be miserable, the child support and it's just raising the child on your own is not easy.


Right. So when it comes to like me getting trapped, I ain't having no nigga baby. I ain't even let a nigga trap me. You ain't gonna let it happen. I mean, I want more kids, but definitely gotta be a family man though. You Know? You Want one more? Yeah, I probably like two more. Damn. You say you got Two? I do. I want five. I'm a mom. I love my kids. Yeah. I feel like, I feel like whenever you Want five Kids, I can go to five. I love kids. Like my house is, you could drop your kids off to my house. Like I, like, I I I love kids. Like, I love kids. I'm very like, I'm a family person. Like I love to be in the house with the kids.


I love to go like the, You know, Disney World and do stuff with the kids. Like, I feel like that's what life about. Oh, okay. Gimme little spin right quick. Take a shot right here. Ooh. Act out your favorite sex position to Take a shot. Ooh, yes. I want you to do this. I I want you to like, you set up that live. I wanna get to that. You want? Yes, I already do because You know what I Mean? I'm gonna tell, show you my fake favorite fake position. I need though. I need a muse. You just gotta act out. You know how like you, I don't know how to act.


I ain't No acting. Ain't never been no movies, never a TV show, nothing. This show Time to shine right here on Club Shaha. See that's what happened to me. I my ass up there on BMF try to act. Yeah. See bitch, Why is my husband, Why is why y'all, why you, why you, why people keep on everybody that's come up here if ask me. Because, because what? That was our clinic For who? It wasn't but me. Yes it was. No it wasn't. Because I ain't gonna lie. When I heard that, I was like, I know what position he was in.


It was the growling for me Lord. Yeah, you was said that thing. You see, you see, you see what happened. Now my, my my intimacy has been And how'd that make you feel? How does that make you feel? That's a very important question. I wanted to ask you that. How does that make you feel? It doesn't. Well something so intimate in front of The world and we all just got our own perception of what happened. Yeah. Like I just knew what possession you was in. I don't even know. But it's nothing that you could tell me that could make me change my mind. It doesn't because I'm such a private person and I've done a great job of keeping my personal life private.


Did a, I did as as good a job as I could shield my kids, my relationships. Because I believe public relationships when they end, they have to end publicly also. So I like to be behind the scenes. I like to date privately. I like to, if we end this relationship, I like to end it privately and here I am. That's the first time that I've ever been on IG live. Mm. People actually think I intended to do that. Really lose my job. Potentially, You know, $50 million from Disney gone all these advertising and sponsors that club, Shehe nightcap and all the affiliates that's up under Shehe Media. Lose that. For what? That's how that that in that you explain that so well.


And that's how I feel in my situation. I was just in the situation. Mm. You ain't you ain't you, you just was in it. You ain't even know that happened. No, I did Not. You were just having a good time. Thank you. Doing the things you like to do. That funny you And got in front The world. Now you gotta explain it everybody. I know you did that on purpose and it's like you didn't I did not. You're telling the Truth. Yes. But it is nothing you could say to make people believe And that, and that's what you realize, that the internet has their own perception of what things is. They'll believe something that that isn't true and then they'll, they won't believe something that is true. Right. And the, the internet has done all, I mean I love the, I mean the internet has this pros and cons. It's the internet, but it's done a horrible job.


I mean, people believe damn near everything that comes out on the internet. Yeah. And it's not the case. Lemme ask you this. 50 50 relationships. You open to 50 50 relationships. Ooh, I'm open to like, if I clean, you pay the bills. You know, like things like that. I feel like men and I, and I hate, like this subject is so, You know, people, I'm tired of this subject. I just feel like men are providers. That's just the way it is. Have you ever paid for a date? I ain't paying for, I ain't paying for no date. You Ain't gonna pay you And you gonna take, take your man out the for for his birthday. I'll, I would, I'll Father's Day spend on my man though I'm not gonna lie. I'm gonna, I, I give, I'm a giving person. Okay. I'm very selfish. Like I'm going to give whatever. Like if I with you, like, I don't look at it as like you gotta do for me.


Like, if I like you your birthday come I'm gonna make you. I'm make you feel special. So I just think that like 50 50 with bills, if I was like, You know, like I have been 50 50 before, before I became famous. Like, You know, I ain't have How did that make you feel? It made me feel like it's regular to some people it's regular. You know what I'm trying to say? Like if this person work a job, you have to bring something to the table. Right. As a woman in Yeah. Sex is just not everything. What that ain't, that ain't how they Feel. No. Sex is just not Every, you get the cat and Yeah, sometimes the cat don't even be hint on nothing. But, but I just do feel like as a woman, like you gotta be a mother. It gotta be something special about you. You just can't think sex is the key.


Right. You don know. You gotta you gotta learn. You gotta either cook, clean something, you gotta be a woman in some aspect. Like sex is not always the answer. For real. Would you be okay being the breadwinner? Could you date a guy? Let's just say for the sake of argument, he's not an athlete, he's not a music. He's Why You keep saying athlete? Because I, for me, I'm surprised that you haven't been with an athlete. But I'm just going 'cause that wasn't coming. I'm gonna Talk it up. Okay. Yeah, let's talk it that later. You just keep referring. I'm like, who is this athlete? Musician. Entertainer. Thank You. A normal guy. He has a, I mean he doesn't make the money that you make, but he's a, a great man loves your kids as if he was their own.


He makes sure when you come home, everything is hey the house is in order. Everything that you need. Or when you come in from the road, he got you covered. Your kids, You know he got you. You okay In a situation like that, I'm not gonna lie, I've been in a situation like that. It feels good. It always feel good to know that like your kids is safe, you safe, you comfortable. Like that's the best feeling. I feel like just knowing that you're like comfortable and this person loves me, but it becomes a time where you just like, you do wanna feel special when it come to like gifting or somebody setting like Valentine's Day coming up your birthday, you want that shebang. Or sometimes it's just like damn, like we don't be able to get, You know. But it's like, it all depends on like what you, some people, not materialistic, but I would prefer like feeling good over materialistic things because it's, for me it's the memories.


Like I could always be like, damn, I remember that time. And then these pair shoes, them shit just dated. So you want a situation like for Valentine's Day, you want, you want rose petals leading up the stairs. You want all these big, Everyone wanna feel good. I ain't gonna sit here and say like, okay it's Valentine's Day. It's just another day. I do wanna feel good. Right. I do want like So You want 'em to go all out for your birthday? That thing better be lit. Oh, hello? Private jet. It ain't gotta be private jet 'cause I don't fly private all the time. I ain't gonna lie. Like every nigga can't send a jet. But when I land, that room better be sunk.


But lemme ask you this. Being a woman in your position, you earn a good living. You've been the head of your house for an extended period of time. Are you okay letting a man lead? I like a man that leads a Hundred. People say That I want a man that lead. God said lead. I'm gonna follow. Hmm. I'm gonna follow. I like a man that lead. I don't wanna lead. No man. What are your thoughts on women saying they're in their soft girl era. I'm my soft girl era. I'm not gonna lie. What That is, what that mean? Tell me what I mean. I'm just like, soft girl era is just like when you at peace, you calm, you feeling good. Like soft girl era is just like, you just focused on you.


You just pouring to you, you just feeling good. Like everything that you just putting out there is just going right, come back to you. Like you, it's just a soft girl era. Like I'm just feeling good. I'm focused on you. I wanna get up, I wanna work out. I wanna like focus on my business, focus on myself. I'm not running after this, I'm not running after that. I'm not gossiping. Like I'm just in my software era. I feel like that that's me. That's You right now? 2025. How long you gonna be in that era? 20, 25. That's it? Yeah. Okay. Next year I might be talking. This year I'm, I'm in my sophomore era. I'm gonna focus on me. You know, I'm gonna focus on me. This, I, I just feel like this year is the year that I need to like lock in and focus. I don't know if you saw this, this viral tweet of a woman guy centered, her woman $200, his woman $200 to go shopping.


She said don't send 200 to go shopping. It is not enough. I mean, how much, if a guy send you what's, what's, what's the amount of money someone should send you that you go like, not feel like cheap ass or send it back to Ooh. Like for a regular person. Like just at least spent since I'm gonna say a thousand For a regular dude. 500, 550. Like once you split it gas so high, eggs high. Like everything is high. Well, I mean go vegetarian. Stop eating eggs. Jeez.


I mean, but You know it costs more to eat healthy though. It does. I ain't gonna lie. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. When I just, because I just started working out and I just, I be going like the Joe Joe's and the juice. If y'all see this for real, like a green juice be down at $40. Yeah. You might start juicing yourself. That's what I said. I was like, god damn, why? But Then you ain't gonna like the cleanup. 'cause I I, I, I juice before I've tried it all. It's the cleanup by the time you, You know, and it takes so much, so many carrots, so many beets, so many green leaves and all that stuff. Apples, oranges and then the cleanup. Yeah. To break that machine down and clean it. It ain't healthy. It cost a lot. It does, it costs more than a damn meal. Right. Like for I I was like, whoa baby.


But lemme ask you a question. He ain't send you a thousand. He sent you two 50, you gonna send it back? I ain't sending nothing back. I ain't gonna lie. I made a two 50. Right. I'm gonna just figure out what I could do with it. I'm very appreciative. I I'm not a, a person that's not unappreciative. Like I appreciate anything's right. Do for me. But Do you, you keeping a mental note like damn. Oh boy ain't send me five. I be with who I be fucking with. I ain't gonna lie. I'm very locked In. Okay, so you locked in so hey I'm locked in. What if he ain't got, what if he ain't got no cash apps? Z Apple Pay no cash? No. Oh cash. No, no Zelle, no Venmo, no Apple Pay whatever, PayPal. What else they got? They got all type of shit.


So many ways to get money. There's a million Of them now. Yeah, I ain't got none. It's, I mean so he ain't got none of that. All he got is the cash and the only time he can get cash is be See you. But he ain't, You know That me, I don't like, I gotta pull up and get the money. Uhuh. But you gotta pull the a and, and he and he don't live in Miami. Oh. Then it ain't gonna Right. Oh, you can't do long distance. I could do long distance, but like, how I'm gonna get the money You gotta pull up. So that mean I gotta fly to get the money for $200? No, No, not 200. Oh. Yeah. I, I don't mind like I'm, I'm, I ain't gonna lie. I'm like, I'm really a, a, I'm, I'm really a, a good girl.


Okay. Like I'm, I go with the flow. You, you ever flown? You ever flown to God? What you say? No, like flying man to see me. Yeah. Hell no. I ain't buying no man no flight to get on a plane. Why not? That's too sassy. That's your, that's your hymn that you really, really buy it. I don't care. He better make arrangements to come see me Man. Y'all see y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all ain't trying to do right. Y'all don't want, why would I fly a man to come see me? Why not? Why Would I, You don't like him like that? I do. Okay, well go, go. He need to be trying to come see me. He gonna come see you. But I'm saying, You know what, that's, You know what a, hey bro, Me sending us a a, a flight ticket over my dead body.


I promise you never. Well spend it, spend it will. Hey, hey guys, see what y'all getting yourself into now? No, I'm a good girl. I can't take a shot. What is, what it say? It say sha titties right now. Take two shots. Go only take two shots. Finish that off right there. I love it game because guess what, you keep drinking like that. Everything that's in them car is gonna be but the end of the night, everything them car gonna be happening. I love it. Game right here.


I love it. I love LA You see why I'm saying you can't play with your girl, miss your girl. Like Yeah, Yeah you do that because that when I'm not around. Ain't no telling what you, okay. Hey now girl, baby girl Also this, this lady, a guy sent his, he said he sent his last $30 Okay. For her to have lunch. Okay. I fuck with him. He said, she said, where y'all think I'm gonna eat lunch at McDonald's and send it back to him? Man, I would've girl don't do that. A nigga sent his last. Yeah, that's a nigga. That's for you. Yeah, like a nigga. That's, he put him, he put you before he put himself Ain't very made. No, with that I would've sunk it back.


I probably would've been like, You know what, here come like 60 or a hundred. I don't know. I would've just sunk that back though. I probably would've made me a ham sandwich. You And you put, you put an extra 30 with his 30. Send it back to it. You a good woman. Yeah. Somebody gonna get them a good woman to get you. Any Nigga that like experience last on me, that's a nigga. That's for you. They, they gonna rock out with you Man. What's the best gift a man's ever given you? And don't say your kids. You know about kids. Oh, best gift a men have ever given me was his time. You know what, this is some, I ain't gonna lie.


I'm, I'm not gonna lie like a getaway. I'm gonna say a getaway. Well y'all go Bahamas Had a little, had a little private little bungalow doors open up to the beach. It was like a, we went to The Bahamas and we, it was just us just there and we just had quality time. That was the best gift. Promise you, we would just communicate. Mm, I bet I was body, body talking. Huh? Do you feel relationships are starting to become transactional? Of course. Marriage, nobody ain't marrying a broke ass man. And I feel like, But that's a contract, that's one sided for the most part.


Now, every once in a while you'll find a woman that out earns the man and the contract is, is it? But for the most part, the contract. I mean, think about it. You get married, you signing a contract, right? Like that proposition. That's why I used to say I don't wanna get married. 'cause I feel like marriage is just like, it's, it's too much on the title. Like you feel like, oh my god, I'm married now I'm a wife, I can't do this, I can't do that. It just becomes too, it just become like, you a wife, you can't do this. It's like, god damn. Okay. Like yeah. It's just, it is it, it's a big commitment. But I also just feel like sometimes like what works for you works for you. Right? But you okay just having a boo.


So let's just say y'all hold it down because Guess what, I wanna get divorced now I gotta chase you down and sign these paper. Now. Everybody saying, oh yeah, but you still married. That's aggravating, right? Because he don't wanna sign the papers or whatever the situation is. It's just like, I wanna just kick the phone right next. Thank you. Next That easy. Why? You know, know, like sometimes, You know, like it would really be a situation that just make you wanna leave. Like you leave. Y'all never have contact. Now I gotta pay a lawyer. You gotta like, it's, it become too many fees, right? It get dragged out. So lemme ask you this. You're in a relationship. How often does a man have to buy you gifts? Is it weekly? Is it monthly? Is it every three?


Or is it it how he see fit? You expecting things? Birthday, mother's Day, Christmas. I'm more of like a feeling type of person. Like I go off of feelings. I for, for, for real materialistic things. It's, it's cool. Like it's cool. You could buy me a bag. It's cool. You could buy me a car, but like, damn My car, the bag. You doing good with the bag baby? Some shoes. Damn. And you ain't gonna want no camera, you ain't gonna want no Honda. You gonna want Benzs or BMW. I'm just saying be tricking big These days. Do they? Yes. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted And you can access it to whichever podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there.