(0s):
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework.

(33s):
The Ghost Pepper has a reputation. So does a ghost pepper wing that doesn't send you into tears, make any sense, does to us. That's why Popeye's Ghost Pepper Wings are the perfect balance of flavor and fire. Popeyes starts with intensely craveable flavor, adds the right amount of kick to keep things interesting, not Inferno Wing, and then offers them at only 5 99 for six pieces. Because in New Orleans, we like to taste our food, not cry over it. Call us crazy. Love that chicken from Popeyes. Limited time at participating us restaurants. Price may vary. Additional term supply.

(1m 3s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1m 33s):
Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharpe. I'm also the proprie of Club Shehe. Stopping by for conversation on the drink. Today is one of hip hop's most influential voices. She's known for putting out confident bars and empowering anthems. She's made a significant impact in the music industry over the last decade. A platinum certified rapper, a respected entertainer all star. She's a multi-talented actress, performer, recording artist, and a songwriter. She's a successful business woman, a celebrated philanthropist. She's earned the spirit of Detroit Award for her charitable work. A loving mother, The Queen of Detroit. Now take out your notepads. She's about to break down her Kash Kommandments, the one, the only cash doll.

(2m 21s):
Katie. As women, there's rules we need to stand by. Stand for something to fall for anything. Never let a nigga fuck you over more than once. Anybody owe you bread. Do not accept the crumb. Remember, you can never tell these everything today. She call your sister tomorrow. She ain't me. Money to the side. Don't let no you dry. Send no business. If they say up, you better keep the family first with that in front. Everything that on yourself. If you roll a dice on anything, any points to be made, don't be scared to prove it. And you better look good when you on.

(3m 2s):
How to move out here. You know this shit get ugly. I had to bitch do me the dirty years proclaim to love me. I went through hella shit and better to be kicked up and comfy. You see how hard I grind little bitch. Don't never call me com you fucking nigga, good enough. And he gonna think he on you. The broke ones usually insecure. The rich ones try to control you. That's why it's always best to choose the one that's real and loyal because money come and go. But it's some shit you can't teach. I'm gonna always separate the hustles from the leeches. The loudest is the weakest. Give a fuck about what they screaming. And don't be matching energy with hoes. In no way be realer in that lame shit. 'cause that right there got no place. Fuck Onc.

(3m 43s):
Thank you. Thank you. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Come on over here. We gotta get on the couch with that one. Come on over here. You playing. Come on. Come on. On my life. Grinding on my life. Sacrifice. Hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The all my life. I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice. Got the roll D, the all my life. I've been grinding all my life. I wanna personally thank you for performing your hit song, Kash Kommandments off your album, The Last Doll of Club Shea.

(4m 24s):
I really, really appreciate that. No, I appreciate you for having me. I wanna toast you. I don't know you. This is my personal cognac. Oh man. I Don't just, just a little. Just a little. Oh for you. For, thank you. So I don't even drink liquor. You don't? I'm champagne campaign. Okay. That's what's up. So I appreciate you, but for You for having me To the successful rapper, singer, artist, mother. Yes. Actress, entrepreneur. Thank you so much, cast actress. Thank you Pastor. I left a little bit, but it's cool. Dang, I didn't know you. I, I thought we, you were just going to take a little sip, but, okay. That's it. Ooh.

(5m 5s):
Alright, Let's get into it. K Kash Kommandments. In the Kash Kommandments, you lift off rules that women should live by. Were these rules in, because I think Biggie had the Ten Crack Commandments. Yeah. Yeah. So if that summer that, can you kind of play off that? Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was the inspiration. Okay. Yeah. So lemme ask you this. If women were to live by these rules, how much better or how better would our culture be? I mean, we would have less toxic relationships, I feel like. Okay. Up friendships. Okay. You know, having animo, it would be less animosity.

(5m 46s):
You know, I think it's always gonna be something. Okay. But it'll just be a little bit more peaceful because now you have these rules in your head to know to live by. That you kind of like dodging the bullet. Like Right. You know what I'm Saying? Sometimes you just throw cause you like, damn the rules Sometimes you get like that. Gotta get, Yeah. See sometimes it get like that. And I ain't mad at that at all because even when you do that, you still learn the lesson behind it. Right. So, Alright. Your first commandment, you says never let a dude mess over you more than once. What do you mean by that? If a nigga over you, like not just cheating, but life over you. Right. Once you let a man over you, he's gonna continue to do it.

(6m 29s):
That's the worst. Over you is the worst. So once he's done the worst to you, it's over because now you are gonna be a doormat. That's what I feel Like. What's the one thing? What, so what, what would cash do? Let slide. What's KD gonna let slide? I ain't let shit slide. Not even one time. You can't make one. You let a nigga slide. He wanna chacha. Nah, we, we cha cha slide. Nah, we ain't doing none of that. We ain't doing none of that. We addressing everything right then and there. Damn. What up? No, I give you grace. Okay. But I ain't letting you slide. So you going check it? Yeah, I'm gonna check it right then and don't do that. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Okay. But once you do it again, it's over.

(7m 9s):
Oh, So you, oh, So you got him a grace, you'll give him a one time, a one time pass. I give Grace. I give grace. Okay. Okay. I give, that's What I'm got. Because you know we learning each other. Yes. Yes. So I'm letting you know that ain't gonna fly. Right. So if you go do it again and you try to get like creative with it and try to sneak, you're done. Okay. The song say you had sex with a dude so good that he thought he owned you. What you mean by that? You said bro, I did not say that Shannon. You did. That's what you I just heard it. I heard it. I heard it. You Heard it? I heard it. That's What you said. I said you nigga, good enough. Then he would think he own you. Right. Bro was usually insecure. The rich ones try to control you. So you really believe that You don't.

(7m 50s):
I I'm a dude. I been broke. I wasn't insecure when I was broke. I was just broke. 'cause everybody else I knew was Broke. I knew after that. I said that's why you always keep the one that's real and loyal. Okay. Because money come and go, but it's some shit you can't teach. Wow. So a Elaine, insecure broke nigga. Yes. He's insecure. A rich that never had nothing finally got it. He think he control you with his money, but when you got a real one, it's some shit you can't teach. But do you feel like, see it's hard. It's gonna be hard to control you cash because you got your own. So you looking at it through a different prism than a lot of other women. I mean, some, some thinks get beside theyself.

(8m 34s):
Like they kind of forget like, okay, you like I could date a guy. Right. Right. And they could, they could forget who I am and what I got going on. Because once you become somebody, woman and submissive, they Don't look at you like they look. Yeah. They forget. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I just remind them a day. Look, But see what you can do. What you can daily, Little daily Reminder look, cash. You can't do that though. What you mean? I, let's just say for the sake of argument, you and I dating, I, I can't come to you and say, Hey, you know your boy. Now you know who you got. Right. I don't say that. I'm gonna show it the Time. Okay. Right. Evident. It's, it's better to show than tell like, talking too much. Lemme ask you this. Can you, could you date a rick, a nine to five guy?

(9m 15s):
Or does he, does he need to be like, I'm not saying you're like athletes, but I'm just saying hypothetical. An athlete, an entertainer, a lab. I mean, can you get down with a nine to five? Keep it a buck. Now I got if you can, you can, you can't. I like, look, I, I got a feeling that I get like, I, I like a vibe. It ain't too much what a man have. So if you make me feel some type of way, I'm gonna give you a chance. Okay. But I'm trying to be realistic about a nine to five. And I've traveled. Right. And I, and, and, and I have a lifestyle that he probably wouldn't understand. A nine to five. That's like a schedule. I'm all over the place. Correct. So I don't know how that'll work, but I'll try.

(9m 58s):
If, if he got me going like that, if I'm feeling like that, I'm, I'm gonna give him a little chance. Fuck. I mean, because I'm not dating for the other things, you know? Right. But I do like things Though. You like Right. I like to be spoiled. I like to be loved on and I love all that. Right. But if you make me feel some type of way, I mean sometimes, you know, women motivate me. Right. So You, you, you mentioned that a nine to five, probably more times than not, it's not gonna be understand your schedule because you're on the road a lot. Yeah. I think, I don't know a whole lot of men that's gonna understand your schedule. Yeah. Even a, a guy that's, that's a celeb or an entertainer because it's normally the other way around.

(10m 39s):
Yeah. You wait, he travel, he does this, you wait, now you're traveling. And he's like, like Yeah. Did you find, has that been a problem with you? I mean, Yeah, they have. They want me to sit down Shannon. They want me to sit down. You ain't trying to do that. But you, you, you hot. You hot. You can't sit down. I mean you doing your thing, your music, your acting, your what? Your philanthropic work. You can't sit down. I mean, Beyonce and Jay-Z made it work. Yeah. So it could work. It just have to be the right man. But Beyonce ain't sitting down. I mean I just, did she just get off Tour? Exactly. But guess what? He was right with her. Yeah. I seen him in a ip. I was like, oh nigga right there.

(11m 19s):
Right. Support with a shirt on. With her picture on it. Wow. And this a billion dollar man himself. Yes. So I feel like it'll work. Right. You just gotta find the right one. Take a special type of man to be able to stand back it. It takes a and and Jay a hell of a, so, Okay. That's what's your second commandment If someone owes you bread, never accept, Don't accept the crump. You feel that? Come on. I know you do. You better not say you don't. I do. Right. So you want, if somebody owe you, you want it all not no pieces. No, because I gimme what I gave you. Exactly. I ain't give you gimme my money. But why is it like that? You give somebody money and They wanna pay you back in increments? No. Oh. Well here your little piece of money. It wasn't a piece when I gave it to you. The Whole, when I gave you, and now I'm calling you.

(11m 60s):
I feel like I'm hounding you for my money. And now you, you got an attitude. Why, why, why, why get like that? Why get like that? What that No, I don't know. I don't know. I think that I be, they be feeling like I asked you for some money So you got it. Yeah. I don't, You need something to, yeah. Like I make my money for me. I ain't making money to give to you. Right. The hell. But I think people just be feeling entitled. The people that ask to bra stuff, you know, some people feel entitled. Some people ask you to borrow something, they never ask to bra again. You know. So I just feel like it's just the people. Have you adopted I adopted the plan that if I give I I gived 'cause I know I'm not gonna get it back. So I can't even expect it. So if I give, if I give you money, I'm only gonna be able to give you what I can stand not to get back.

(12m 46s):
Oh, that's a good one. That's a good one. 'cause you know what I do? What? Even when I know they don't have it, if you call me and say I got the money, sometimes you'll black. Keep it as long as you try to give me the money. Okay. You see what I'm saying? Ya feed. So now I'm gonna start doing that. Like I'm gonna just give you what I feel like I could take as a I Okay. Let you know you told me something. Oh. Oh. So that's what you do. So if I let your boy hold some cash, I Ain't got no money. I ain't got no money for you. I ain't got no money for you. Number three, CA Kash Kommandments number three. Not to tell people everything you said, keep everyone outta your game. Women outta your bedroom.

(13m 28s):
Y'all do share a lot. Women. I, I feel sometimes, and I could be wrong, you can correct me. Do you feel women share more than men? I don't know. 'cause I'm not a man and I don't know how men talk. So I'll have to literally sit around. Well, I, I know from like being friends with guys, guys before, like they'll tell me a lot of stuff. Right. But I don't know how they talk to other men. This new generation, they gossip a little bit much. Oh, these Niggas. So We all a little, I'm, I'm a little past this generation. We didn't tell. We didn't, we didn't, we didn't tell every, we didn't tell everything. They tell everything. One, you tell some stuff and then some people be excited or whatever the case may be. But I feel like women, like women have jealous traits.

(14m 10s):
Guys do too. I told they don't know but, Well I feel like women, you Get me trouble. They're, but we have like, like women have like jealous traits and you just gotta know who to tell what to. Right. I have like a good five solid female friends, you know. And I tell all some one person, I tell everything to some people I don't, some people I tell what I want them to know, you know? Right. But when you tell, when you know somebody wants your life or want the position that you in Yes. You really can't tell everything. You know what I'm saying? Right. Because they use it against you or they try to feel like that's So you damn near giving them instructions to be used. Yeah. You know? So you gotta be careful who you tell everything too.

(14m 52s):
You gotta be careful. You gotta be careful. You might be educating the enemy. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. You giving them instructions to be you like, nah, that's not cool. So I feel like that's just not safe. And then we seen so many incidents where women was to go, They buy door you cash. They ain't do cash like that. Not cash. Ain't I, I don't know if they have. Okay. But I've seen this happen. Yes. Because they want your life. You know What I'm saying? Why, why, why not just me, not women, but why they do that? They know cash talking to somebody and then they try to, Oh, that's why I'm never getting in another public relationship. I was going to ask, see, I was about to ask you that. Oh. Oh. Don't s be throwing the pussy, throwing the puss, throwing the puss.

(15m 34s):
You get puss, you get pussy. Jesus pu wait. If they know that show, like you can intimidate a lot of women, but then they also want what you have because they see you, they see you on internet, they see you popping, they see you happy, they see you traveling and they want what you have. So who is the behind it? Because them, they don't know that we could do it ourself. Right. Women that make money. Correct. They wanna know who the behind it. I want that. Women want other women lives. Especially on Instagram. You know what I'm saying? Right. You popping, you looking good. Your life, you seem happy. You know you gotta going on, you are traveling. Everybody, you all over the blogs and stuff. Like, they want that. Right. They want the attention. So if they feel like it's a behind it, oh he is getting fucked.

(16m 15s):
Do they, do you feel that women look and there's like, oh she thinks she all that, but I'm hitting a Oh yeah. Yeah. They think that's a way to like, they think that's a way to getting at you. Like, well her, you know what I'm saying? Ain't faithful. He ain't faithful her nigga for the streets, her for everybody or whatever the case may be when you was nothing but a ain't walked away with nothing but a wet ass. Lord. Am I lying? Am I lying? Am I lying? You know, you Know, I dunno. You know, you know. Oh Lord. How mercy. But lemme ask you this. How do you handle money in business from money in business. How so? How do you keep it separate?

(16m 55s):
Because like, you know, family, you want to help the family. Yeah. But some family, you can't help you. You can't help everybody. You can't rescue everybody. I don't have Noah Ark, so I can't take two of everything. Right. So how, how does Cash do handles that? I don't You tell, you tell 'em no. Well some people I do. It just depends on if it make me feel like, okay. 'cause I've done it so much before and I waste so much money. Mm. Helping so many people, you know, damn near going broke, helping other people. And it got to a point where I'm like, okay, this gotta make sense. You know? And I don't get no phone calls no more. People don't call me and ask me for stuff no more. I mean, my little sisters and my mom, they don't payroll. You know, they still help me.

(17m 35s):
Right. I be feeling like it gotta be reciprocated in some kind of way. Yes. So I don't feel like it's just One sided Withdrawing from me. Like, gimme some deposits too. You feel me? Right. So they also help me with my kids. They come over and you know, they, when I'm sick, come help pack, do whatever, you know, like it's worth it. Right. So I just make sure that whatever I am putting out, you know, something is coming back in. It might not be the same level, but at least you're, you're, you're giving me something. It could be energy praying for me, you helping me with my kids. Right. You know, you, you're just making my life easier. Right. Some way,

(18m 9s):
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style holmes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.

(18m 51s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, it was like, do I send the heart now Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.

(19m 50s):
Do you feel that when you told no, that's when you got man cash. Ain't nothing she done change. Oh yeah. It's the moment you said because as long as you saying yes cash. Cool. That's the cash I grew up with. No, she the reales. I know. And as soon as you say no Yeah. She changed that lame she industry. No, it's all that. Right. But once you say, you say yes, yes, yes, everything is good. But when you say no, Nope. And I guess, you know, four, three and four kind of similar because you say today she called you sis tomorrow she's an enemy. Yeah. You, you've had fallen out with, with friends or you thought was so-called friends once you became dip Cash.

(20m 31s):
I'm so, I'm so blessed, but I haven't had real falling out really with real friends. Awesome. I'm blessed. God love me. I could say in that department because I haven't had real fallouts. Like me and a friend probably wouldn't wanna talk for a little minute. Like, all right. You know what, you just, but it ain't no like we about to fight. Right. You know what I'm saying? I did want, like, when I was younger, probably when I was like 21 and I stayed with someone. Yeah. Me and her got into it. Right. And we got into a fight and that. But that was so young. Right. You know what I'm saying? But it was never like, I had real issue with somebody. It ain't been about no dude is it?

(21m 11s):
Nah, we ain't tripping over. No man. We ain't doing that. You can have it If it's that serious. It ain't that serious though. It ain't gonna never be that serious. Right. Where I'm about to fall out with a friend over a guy. Right. Because if he doing that and you doing that, it ain't even, it ain't even nothing worth fighting over. For real. The fifth one says, money to the side, don't Get, don't let no nigga, Hey, get your drink. Nah. Oh, you okay. Get your one. Get, you know which drink to get. Ah, Okay. I wanna hear Go ahead. What you mean by that? What it sound like? Because you know women, they get with a guy with, with a couple dollars.

(21m 53s):
Yeah. And they forget themselves. They forget to make the money, their money themselves. They forget to keep they life going themselves. Okay. They just get caught up in that life. And then once you man, He wanna bounce a Man. Yeah. Once you get with a man that feeds you and he bring all the food to the table, you give him all the power to starve you. So it's like, have your own money. Do what you gonna do. Let him do him too. 'cause we love Yeah. But just always have your own money. So if a leave, you ain't just stuck looking crazy like what's my next move? Because then you can't leave right now. You have to tolerate anything.

(22m 35s):
Bull jive. You do. You do. You Do. And and girls really look for the life of having a man that take care of them. When that come with something, if you ain't got a real one. Yeah. That's first off. 'cause there's some real men out here that take care of their women and do the right thing. But when you don't and they use that money as power, they, they run over these women. You see these girls every day. They be up one day next day. Like, where did that car go? Yeah. You let a man sit you down. So hey, the Right man can sit me down. He gotta be the right one. He gotta be the right one. Y'all okay? He sit me down like, what you mean sit me who sit me down? Sit you down like cash.

(23m 15s):
You ain't gotta worry about nothing. Don't worry about nothing. Hey, you don't wanna tour. You don't wanna do this no more. I got this. What? Huh? Yeah. I don't know. Cash. You don't strike me. I mean, look, you got too much pride for me for that. I mean, but I am still a woman. Yeah. At the end of the day, right? Yeah. And that's like the goal to sit down, but he just have to be the right man. He gotta still treat me right. Yeah. But you can't think 'cause you sat me down that you about to treat me like anything. And then I'm still gonna be hust. I'm be at home doing my thing. I'm packing, I'm packaging, I'm selling something.

(23m 55s):
Go do something at home For Blake. I I'm doing something. I'm Dinners or something. I'm doing something. You know. But I, I mean that's the, that's a goal. But I, but I'm Okay. I, I, okay, okay. I sit down six months. I get outside six months. Fair. A year. A year. You trying to think about that. That's fair. That's, that's cool. Okay. Because I still gotta be me. 'cause who you fell in love with? Because, Because Okay. True. Because I little bit the difference is today y'all, it's, it's like the f that that's the feminine side of you talking. Yeah. Because hey, I want feminine. But y'all, y'all be dealing with that masculinity too. It's the kind of move to the front can.

(24m 35s):
It's the kind of man you dealing with. When you got a man, a certain man gonna make that masculine goal away. It's natural. Okay. As women, we get around a man that's real masculine. You can't help but just listen. Yeah. All right. Tell me what to do. Okay. There, You know. Yes. But you get a man that's playing and like, he acting like the princess too. If you dealing with another princess, you gotta you gotta out princess him. Yeah. Now I gotta show you who the real princess. Right. But you gotta get a little with it. Yeah. You feel me? Right. So I mean, it just depend on what type of man you dealing with. That's why I said for me to sit down, they gotta be the right type of man. He gotta sit me down and I gotta be happy there.

(25m 17s):
I wanna be happy sitting down. I don't, I wanna be happy sitting down, twinkling my toes. Six commandments say stand on business. If they say it's up, you better ride For real. If we good, we good. Stand on business. Whatever you mean. You say don't go back on nothing. Stand on business. And if they wanna go, if it's, if somebody wanna do something about it, do something about it. Okay. What that don't, that don't really sound, that don't really sound that that feminine, that that sound masculine to Me. But sometimes you gotta get in that bag, Shannon. That don't mean that's to your man. Let that Detroit, you sometimes you gotta let that Detroit, you gotta let that Detroit go ca y all going through it.

(25m 58s):
You gotta let that go. Y'all think I'm wrong. I'm not wrong. No, I'm not saying that you wrong. If You standing on business, you got, you gotta ride on that. You gotta mean it. You gotta mean what you say your word is. Everything. It used to be, you said, I mean people you used to word used to be bond. There was no contracts because the contract was a meeting of the mind. Right. Hey cash, check this out. I got something. You got something. Right. And then people start reneging. Well I, and then now you had to have a contract. So word is, you know, word is bond. See, word is bond. That was really, Yeah. That's how we, I I mean that's how it's supposed to be. So, and I'm just reminding them that's how it's supposed to be. The seventh commandment said keep family first.

(26m 39s):
Put that front of everything. Yeah. Flat out. You don't think so? Yes. Oh yeah. Okay. Because they was there when I was nothing is it? I had nothing. I was, I, I was always something. But when I didn't have anything and I was, people looked at me a certain way. My family was there. Most people had your back and they And put them first. Yeah. You know, even especially if you have kids, you know your mom, your immediate family, friends become family. Can I ask you a question? If you wanted to date somebody and your mom said cash, I don't think he right for you. Cash. You take your mom's advice. He say Mom, he make me feel a certain type of way. I know what he make me feel like I know what he'd do for me. I ain't gonna lie. Sometimes no red flags be looking like six.

(27m 20s):
Explain ma, I'll be right back. Did I gotta come back and say you was right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You was right Ma. Sometimes you just gotta enjoy it. Right. Because it is an experience and, and you get lessons after there every situation. Right. Every situation you learn something from. You said the loudest is normally the weakest. Give a fuck. Why would they screaming? You know? That's true. Anybody got any type of quality, valuable person ain't doing all that. We chilling. The loudest really be like hot in they insecurities. That's why they loud, they, they covering up.

(28m 2s):
Well, I mean sometimes they like, I don't want you to buy like a rattlesnake buddy. Like, stay away. I don't wanna strike you. I don't want to. That ain't what I wanna do. I wanna just slither on away over here in these bushes. Leave well enough alone. But I did warn sometimes guys, they be talking loud and say cash. You don't want these problems. I ain't scared nobody that's talking loud. I'm not. You the first person. I'm going in your shit. You loud. Yeah. Yeah. Lord. Oh Lord. Cash. Woo. You said better on yourself if I'm gonna roll the dice on anything. Yeah. For real. Invest in yourself.

(28m 43s):
You've always been like this. No, I learned through time. You learn like I, I don't let other people Tell you what you can and can't do. Yeah. What you should or shouldn't do. Exactly. It's like, let me do it and find out myself. Even if I do fail, it's cool. I learn from it. You know. I think you should always bet on yourself first. How hard is it for you to learn? Like damn. Because you know, there's a saying in cash that says, you know, a wise man learns from others mistakes. A fool has to learn from his own. Really? Yeah. So if, if, if I take, But that's who you surround yourself with, right? Okay. Yes. See, I surround myself with a lot of quality women. Okay. So I take their advice. Okay. And I don't make some mistakes. But then some I still do come back.

(29m 24s):
Like you did say that. I, I should, I shoulda listened. I, But I be having an experience on my own sometimes. But most of the time I kind of dodge bullets, you know, with the quality people that you have in your life. I feel like that's important too in life. The people that you surround yourself with, right. And you talk to every day and the people that's giving you this advice, the people, people that, that's telling you certain things. I feel like that's important because you know that's also directing you right. In different little ways. So When you made, when someone has given you advice and you made, you didn't heed that advice. So you didn't adhere to that advice and you made that mistake, did you beat yourself up about it? Or you say, Hey, I made a mistake.

(30m 4s):
Hey I'm just gonna move On. Sometimes I do. Sometimes I'll be like, how the fuck? You know, like how I didn't see that or how I didn't know. But I don't let, I don't dwell on that too long. I always like, man it is what it is. You know? Because we gotta keep going. Right. Life course still happens. Yeah. It on the first bill's gonna get, gotta get paid. Right. You know what I'm saying? I still gotta get on this flight at seven o'clock. My kid's still in there crying. I gotta go change her diaper. So. Right. That's not, it ain't stopping no show. Right. So it's like learn from it and just keep pushing man. If there's ever a point to be made, don't be scared to prove it. Hey, oh lord Mercy, I can't. I just need, hopefully after this session this Detroit, we gonna get somebody to Detroit to fire you. We got to, we gotta get somebody to Detroit to fire you.

(30m 46s):
You don't ever prove a point on everything. God Damn. Yes you do. No. Yes. You dot let nobody play with you like that. Shannon, why you feel if you want me prove a point for you where they at? Cash. Why do you feel you have to approve a point on everything? If it's points to be made, don't be scared to prove the ones that's worth being made. Okay. Not every point. You ain't gotta address everything. Right. You address a lot though. K. No I don't. I be chilling. You think so? I Do. Maybe somebody else running your account. I don't even doing Saying somebody running your account. I, I not be doing on my account.

(31m 26s):
I be doing good. I be doing good. You better look good when you do it. Don't. Hey, hey, hey Don't go borrowing bags, own bags. If you can't put it in a bag. What you mean by that? I mean you, That's a nice bag. That Nice. But I got a bag that cost more than that bag. Mm. I got a couple dollars now. Yeah. Don't be trying to keep up with the next, buying these purses and these things that you see people with. Right. If you don't even have a bag to put in it, don't be walking around with a bag with nothing in it with But lip gloss.

(32m 9s):
Mm. No. No. John. Hope Bryant says your your assets shouldn't be on your ass. Flat out. That's, that's fire. That's fire. I'm using it. Putting around. I wanna be Sue me.

(32m 27s):
Hey, what's up everybody? It's Shannon Sharpe and I'm a row partner. Are you ready to lose an average of 15% of your weight faster? Meet the latest offering through Row. Row now. Offers FDA approved weight loss vials for half the price of those expensive auto ejector pens. No insurance or saving cards needed. And you'll see results faster lose and on average of 15% of your weight in just one year. This formula from Eli Lilly targets two key hormones to curb hunger with less nausea than other treatments. Your role affiliated provider will help you figure out if GLP ones are right for you with support throughout the process. Plus you can sign up online. No waiting rooms, no doctor visit. Just simple convenient access. Over 385,000 people have already chosen. Role weight loss, faster confidence, higher price cheaper. What are you waiting for? Go Toro co slash Shannon to see if you qualify. That's ro.co/shannon go toro co slash safety for box warnings to full safety information about GLP one medication.

(33m 30s):
So how, lemme ask you a question. Do you have, is there a limit on how much money a woman should spend on her personal appearance, hair, lip, nails, makeup, body, whatever the case may be? Is there a limit in which a woman should spend on her appearance? Hell no. I'm gonna take it there. I take it there. I take it there. I'm gonna do what I gotta do. I like looking good. Yeah. I like feeling good. When you look good you feel good and you give good energy. Yeah. You know, and that helps you make money. Right. You know it keep the flow. It keep the flow. I don't think it's no limit. Y'all think y'all think it's a limit to how much you spend on yourself? I mean sometimes I be like, man, lemme call back. You do fall back sometimes.

(34m 11s):
Huh? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like alright, I did too much. Lemme calm down. But I don't think it's a lemon. I think you should keep your hair done, keep your nails done, keep your appearance up. You know, like no, we only live one time man. And you know the, if you do it right, that's enough. You do it white. You ain't gotta do it twice. Yes. We've been talking about Detroit. What was cash upbringing like in Detroit? My upbringing, it was cool. Made the best outta everything. You know, like I'm the oldest of six so we ain't have much. But we made the best outta it. I've been happy my whole life.

(34m 51s):
I've been happy. My personality been like this forever. 'cause I'm just happy it wasn't bad. Right. But it wasn't like we were rich. Right. We didn't have it like that. Like we all slept on one bunk bed together. Me and my sisters and brothers, you know we ain't have like, you know it get cold in the D sometimes we ain't even have heat. So we used to use the stove, have the stove, the fire on the stove and put a fan in front of it and blow heat through it. Mm. To come into the room that we're like, we used to have sleep in the living room. We used to have curtains to break off each room to have all the heat in one room. And it was cool. We had a good time.

(35m 32s):
We was jumping on that bunk bed together. All five of us. We had a good, good time. So I can say, I can say I remember not having it, but at the same time y'all had each other. Yeah, we had each other and I had a good time. You know my mom had five kids at 21. Wow. So she used to work and she used to work like in like the nursing field or whatever like that. And so she wasn't there most of the time. So they were my kids. I was about to say my sister, the oldest also, she's only eight years older than I. Yeah. And so like when you're the oldest, my mom is the oldest girl. Yeah. You basically, you the adopted the one up my kids that's, I took so long to have them because I already had kids. Right. And they're still my kids. Them, them my kids.

(36m 12s):
Right. Well they, I'm the second mom, you know, so I used to have to do hair, cook, cook, wash the clothes and walk them home. Right. We'll get in trouble if one person come home before another person. So all of us had to come home together or else we getting a whooping. Right. And it was like it was my responsibility. So we all gonna get a whooping but I'm gonna get a whoop in there. Yeah. They definitely expect more of the oldest. It's like, like no you dig hot. Hey. You know what I'm saying? Right. Type shit. So it was cool like, and my mom used to have like this old box caprice and it used to be all five of us in the back seat.

(36m 52s):
It used to look crazy 'cause we'll pull up at McDonald's. Everybody be tapping everybody. You'll see everybody coming looking at all 'em. Kids in the back. And we used to just be back there smiling. We have people out to get some McDonald's like shit. And they used to think it was funny like why she got all 'em kids. Mom was young. 21 but five kids. Wow. Were you a bully? No because I read, I read you beat up guys Who Cash. I ain't beat up no guy. Who? Them guys that bother your little brothers and sisters and then you end up liking them. I ain't like nobody I beat up If I beat you up, I can't like you at the, okay look.

(37m 39s):
So I beat up one person. Okay. We all did because y'all jumped Him. No. Okay, let me tell you the story. Okay. He was wrong. You gonna agree with me? Okay. Okay. So the guy, my sister baby daddy, Okay. He blacked her eye And you gotta have him. We pulled up, jumped out the car, ran up in the house, we went to jail. You went to jail for beating up your sister baby daddy. I went to jail. My sister went to jail. My brother went to jail and I had to get a wr I had to call the judge to get a writ to get outta jail. Damn. See the head?

(38m 20s):
But that's what you talking about. Yeah. Yeah. But I ain't never lie. Well he cool now. He all right. Okay. He, because now he ain't, he ain't black girl no more. So it was his sisters and brothers over there. So it just was a family affair.

(38m 32s):
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight. Featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory of how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.

(39m 13s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it and the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when you send it. Yeah it was like do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen A Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.

(40m 13s):
Oh, so all y'all got got got to squa it. It Went. No, but we, the ones went to jail 'cause they the ones that was bleeding. We the ones we the ones How run, how you run down in somebody's house and beating them down and you go to jail because They called talking junk because my sister was still there with them. Right. So we at my house, I'm all the way at West Bloomfield. Shh. My sister called crying. Yeah. Da da da. And he said Yeah. And Keisha can't come get my kids no more. I'm pissed about my niece and nephews. Right. Oh. I can't come get Oh be we pulled up. You ain't trying to, you not to let, Hey look, don't put your hands on my sister. My sister ain't did anything to deserve you. No, this Was like his second, third time. Oh okay. Because now when you talk now it's not, it ain't no more talking.

(40m 53s):
Right. The grace period. Remember I was saying that. Right, right. You can't give him too much grace. Then they start thinking it is Gracie's Corner. I do it ave She did. Did you play any sports? What'd you play? Basketball. You good? I'm ca Shannon. I will go. You crow with it? What? What? You can't far mile that bay. I'm going crazy. What? I'm going crazy. You gave that up? Yeah. I start liking boys then I was a cheerleader. How you, how you go from playing sports to cheer for sports? I, I've never seen that transition before. I never, I started liking boys. I became a girl after that.

(41m 34s):
It was no more tomboy. Gym shoes, all that. It was like, okay, let me be a girl. Did you ever get expelled from school? Where you get that from? I'm just asking cash. You looked that So you trying to, you trying to tell my business? I ain't Telling no. I'm gonna let you tell your business. I'm just asking. It's did you and what did you do? I'm trying to figure out something. What You trying to figure? I Gave where you get this information from Cash. Why would you ask me did I get expelled from school? Oh Lord. That that's not what you do. When you have a conversation. What do you have a conversation? Hey, what do you like? What do you like to do? Where do you like to go? Okay. I only got expelled a few times in high school.

(42m 14s):
A few. That's it. More than one. It was, yeah I got, I got expelled. Damn. I got expelled. You know that's not a class in high school. Right? I know. So look, expulsion Not class. So when I got in ninth grade, okay. My boyfriend was in the 12th grade and he used to play basketball. Okay. So I was that girl. For real. I've been that girl. So the girls didn't like me. Okay. And I had to fight for my life all my life. And it went down in there like it used to. I used to have to just fight. And then I was in a new neighborhood.

(42m 54s):
I left from Dexter where I grew up at, moved on Seven Mile. And I went to Henry Ford High School. Okay. And that's where, and my boo used to stay next door for me. Oh you had a dude next door? Yep. And the girls at school, they used to just be hating on me 'cause it was real popular and stuff. And then I became popular so fast 'cause that was my boo. Right. So everybody was mad and I used to have to just show them that I ain't the one to be played with. Oh Lord. So I got kicked outta awe. Detroit Public Schools. All of them. I did. And then they put me in an alternative school. But I still came out on time. I got all my credits and got my diploma, everything.

(43m 34s):
And you know, I still did what I had to do. Since once you graduated, have you ever come across any of those women that you got into altercations with? Have you ever seen any? I've Seen one before and she was a fan and I couldn't even be mad at her. Damn. Huh? Y Yep. Yep. I seen her. You Say Yeah, thank you would being a fan but I whipped you. Remember I whipped you? Nah, I ain't saying nothing. I just be, I be just playing and cool. Right. Like it's nice. See it's nice to see you. Everything been all right. You know I ain't gonna bring it up. Right. Because I know she told everybody and I know she lied. She said she got you. She know she said she got with you. I know she lied. She said she got, she Lied.

(44m 15s):
She lied Because you probably say hold on, you let Cash dog the rapper. She beat you. She probably said she got with you. Yeah. Stop lying. I had to look at the camera bitch. Stop lying. Unfortunately your father passed away at, at your very young age. I think you were like 1-year-old. Yeah. On my first birthday. Yes. Did that impact, do you think, like getting in these fights or doing some of the things that you did happened because you didn't have a father? Hmm. You know what, I don't really blame my upbringing and the person I am like on not having a father. Like I don't, the void was there for sure.

(44m 58s):
But I don't know if that made me make the decisions that I made. Were there a dominant male figure in your, I mean an uncle or Yeah, I had a stepdad that was around Okay. For a minute. But he's not around no more. But I had that void for sure. And still do to this day because I've never had that real male figure that make me feel soft and like, 'cause like you said you had to be a second mom. Exactly. So you had to protect your siblings. Yeah. You had to do all the things that, so do you feel that you got an opportunity to fully enjoy your childhood because No. And then I was on punishment for Real.

(45m 38s):
Your mom put you on punishment. Damn. I tell her this to this day, she was wrong for that. I ain't get to do much. Like it was like I was always on punishment for something, you know what I'm saying? And then I was always working and doing stuff like that. So by the time I got old enough, which when I, when I became like a, an adult, I started working. I had jobs. So now I'm outside making money. And on my off time I was just outside and I think that's why it took me so too long to have kids. 'cause I was like, you know what, I'm about to just enjoy myself and baby did I enjoy myself. And then I became cast all forget about it. Can I lemme ask you, your mom, you say your mom had six kids by the time she was 21?

(46m 23s):
No, she had five at 21. Five at 21? Yeah. Then she had another one when she got older, like 30. Okay. So How difficult was that for your mom? Because you, like your father died at a, at at, at a young age. You're the oldest so wow. Yeah. And so now you being the second mom, but your mom having to work, she gotta work. She gotta put a, keep a roof over these, these five heads gotta work feet on food on the table. Yeah, clothes on their back. School clo, I mean school supplies. Yeah. Did you ever just sit down and talk about, talk to your mama? Like mom or said Mom, thank you. 'cause it had to be tough. Yeah. Five kids. You gotta work all the time. All the time. I bought her a Lexus truck. I pay all her bills. I help.

(47m 2s):
She's on payroll. She don't want for nothing. She good. I just told her when she was complaining about my, my sister, my siblings, about them just resenting and having issues 'cause they crazy. I said, ma, you did the best you could do. You got one daughter that's very successful. So that shows you the first one. You did what you can do. Right. Don't let that be, don't let that bother you. You know what I'm saying? Because at the end of the day, day, you did the best you can do. And you still have great results from your, your litter. They crazy. So go book you a trip or something. Right. All that. You can't do that. Like, that's not fair.

(47m 43s):
Right. You know, people do the best they can do in life and it's always people that's just not grateful or take it for granted. Yeah. You know, so, and I don't, and I appreciate my mom. That's my, that's my first role model. That's my girl right there. She crazy. But I love her to death. Right. You know, so that's my girl. A lot of times what happens? Cash and you could wreck me. You let me know what you think. If the child turns out good, it's the parent. If the child turns out bad, it's the parent. Well what, at what point in time down the, the does the child make a decision that's not reflective of the parents? Because they get all the blame if you good. They get all the credit. If you back. I mean, you know, it's just like, yeah.

(48m 23s):
You make, you made, your siblings didn't have anything different than what you had. Y'all grew up in the exact same environment. Same house. The same house ate the same food. And I I'm assuming you guys went to the same school. Exactly. You chose one way, they chose another way and then somehow mom gets blamed. Mom get blamed. I think it's a mental thing. A mental illness. Okay. How old were you when you started working? 16. You bring, you give money to your family, to your mom. She, at first she didn't want me to have no responsibility. Then she started trying to make me pay her $35. And I'm like, all right girl. I read you had, you were a babysitter, you worked your Little Caesars Best Buy, better made potato chip factory.

(49m 5s):
You did a Lot. Yeah. I like money. I like money. And at that time, that's how I can make money. Right. I even did here, I used to do little buns and stuff on, on the porch and yeah. I like money. So I'm, I always kept a job. I don't care. Right. I want some money and I wanna buy new things. I always like good things. So this is not a front. Right. You know, I've always liked nice things. I always liked new pair of shoes. I like switching it up. I like getting my hair done. I like looking like that girl. 'cause I am, you know what I'm saying? So I, my mom couldn't do it. So I had jobs to do that for myself. Right. And I did just that. I like the fact that you had a lot of jobs when you were growing up because if you have a lot of jobs as a child, it lets you know what you don't wanna do when you become an adult.

(49m 53s):
You feel me? Listen, you had jobs. I Exactly. I'm From rural South Georgia. Okay. Yeah, I got a lot of jobs. Okay. And then you like, all right, this ain't for me. No, no, no. I did it. I did. So many. I had, man, I did all that. Babysitting hair, Little Caesars Best Buy. Selling TVs. Selling, selling pizzas. I mean, did you get a couple of TV for the cri? I might, Limitation little Couple of, you know what I'm saying? What was your favorite job of all the jobs that you had growing up as a young adult, what was your favorite one?

(50m 33s):
It had to be between Little Caesars and Best Buy. It had to be, 'cause when I worked at Better Made Chip Factory, I was with like a temp service. You know those? Yeah. Yeah. So it was like, I would be in and out, you know, but, and I used to like the, that hot station where his hot chips was at, I used to be at, but like Little Caesars, it was like, you know, it was like a little family. Yeah. And it worked fast. And I'm hot and ready to be going fast. So I don't know. It was just, it was just fun. It was fun. You ever Get tired of eating pizza? Do you eat pizza now? Bear? Barely. Yeah. I guess barely. You ate a lot. You ate a lot of, I Ate a lot, A lot of that crazy bread, meat treats. Yeah, I did. But Best Buy, I met a lot of people there.

(51m 16s):
Like I got a lot of connections and I learned a lot of technology like working there. Like I was like the top sales person. I always got the bonuses every month. Right. You know, I was just getting money. You tried college? I did it. I did Henry Ford Community College. Yeah. And you know what I, I went from there. I went from high school to there first in the midst of having jobs and stuff like that. I did two years full of pre-reqs. But I was bullshitting and I went back and I did it. Right. Yeah. Why do you think you, the first time you didn't, I wasn't focused. I was just having fun. Still in the boys.

(51m 57s):
The boys the boys is around. Yeah. I wasn't focused. I was just like, you know, I was just getting free. Remember I told you I was on punishment and always was doing all that stuff. So I finally got able to just be myself. You be be free. Like, oh yeah, Ima come in when I want to go, when I want, do what I wanna do. I played around. Yeah, I played around. You got your car stolen. Apartment was damaged by fire, So you had to end up moving back with mom. Where Do you find all this stuff out at? I know people. Okay, So that's why you got good interviews because you dig deep, deep, deep. You ain't like just doing the normal interviews. Like, yeah. So like asking me the same questions you just asked me about my first apartment catching no fire.

(52m 39s):
'cause I was trying to make some ramen noodle. Oh my God. What? It happened. I'm not gonna lie. So what was it like, because like a lot of times, like when people have, I don't know if your mom was straight, but I'm saying, you know, you say you were always on punishment. So a lot of times when, when kids are able to leave, they're like, when they leave, leave, sometimes they look, don't look back and sometimes they do. Like, I ain't coming back here. Yeah. I didn't wanna go back. I had to, it just got bad. And you know what, and that's the time where I reflect and just remember all the things I was doing. Right. I was working at Best Buy. I was letting people come in, swipe.

(53m 21s):
I was just doing bad shit. You know what I'm saying? It was a phase in my life where I was just trying to figure it out in the, in the wrong way. And it all came down on me at one time. Like, it, it poured. And, and, and from that I learned that, you know, like, you just gotta be honest man. It's the best way to live life. It's being honest. 'cause that shit gonna come back regardless. Yeah. It don't matter. You could be up today, you could be doing all this, this shit could be seeming like it's so good, you know? But if you not living right and you doing wrong, it's not going to work. Yeah. And that was a prime example. My car and my house gone. Now I'm back to square eight at my mom house having to start from scratch.

(54m 1s):
So from that, that was a lesson, it was an experience and I learned my lesson and I would never do that shit again. Right. You know, it was just certain shit. I was just doing anything then I was just doing shit. Like, just hustling, just trying to figure out, trying to get ahead the wrong way. What did your mom say when you, when you called your mom and said, mom, I gotta come back home. What did your mom say? She didn't Say nothing. She just let me come back. Okay. I wasn't that bad. Right. Where she was like, girl, I was good. So she allowed me, she let me back with open arms, but I was ready to go when I got back. I couldn't do that no more. I couldn't do it no more Was So was this the time that you, like you go back to your mom and this is where you became an exotic dancer? Yeah. So I'm up here.

(54m 41s):
Well, my best friend, shout out to my best friend. She's still my best friend. Okay. I'm up here getting my hair done. So that was like my hangout spot. I go up there and chill with her while she doing hair all damn day. And I'm like, man, you know, all my friends in school that I used to, so I used to do like routine dance. And I was like with a whole little, like, they call the fresh girls. Okay. So we was like them girls when it come to that. But that's a whole nother story. I told you I've been that girl. So all my friends from that, they were older and they start dancing. So I'm going over they house.

(55m 21s):
They in these condos, they got Jeeps. Ooh. With little cute dogs. They got all this designer. I'm like, damn, I don't wanna do that. You feel me? I'm like, what I gotta do? They like, you can make some money, da da da da da da. And I'm like, man, I'm gonna try. But anyway, I go with my best friend, her name Kendra. And one day we just sitting there and I'm like, bf, I don't know. I can't stay with my mama no more. I need to make some money. She like, I'm like, but all my girls, they making hella money. And like they dancing and she like, I don't see why you wanna do it. I'm like, I don't know though. You know what I'm saying? Like that's, that's different.

(56m 1s):
Yeah. She like, I'm gonna go with you your first day. I'm like, all right, bet. So we go. So she come and do my hair, makeup in the basement. Okay. This is my girl right here. Me and my best friend. We met in church too, by the way. Damn. Yeah. We met at church. So we, oh, that's another thing. A part of my childhood. I was in church every Sunday and Wednesday. Every sometimes Friday for bible study. But that's how we met in church. So this is my heart right here. So she like, come on, I'm gonna go with you. She like, the first day I'm gonna go with you, I'm gonna do your hair, your makeup in the, in the basement. So we go down there, I walk down there 'cause they said yeah off rip. You know what I'm saying?

(56m 42s):
Because I look decent. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Okay. You nice little body. I'm straight, straight young. I'm straight. Yeah. I'm saying, I'm talking about baby, baby smooth. They're the baby straight. Yeah, I'm straight. I see. Yeah, you straight, straight, straight. She straight. I'm straight. So I go and we go downstairs and I'm like all, when we walked down there, all the girls just looking like, fuck Who this new? Who this new bitch. Y'all ain't even know I'm about turn this up. You know what I'm saying? So me and my Bessie, we in the corner, we talking. She doing my makeup. She like, I seen a couple people that I do they hair and ain't hear what they, I'm gonna go and see. I'm like, all right, bet. She like, all right, go ahead, get your clothes on as I'm done.

(57m 23s):
She's like, get your clothes on, come up here and I'm gonna show you who I got the money. I'm like, bet I walk up the motherfuck stairs. I'm shitting Brits. I'm neck. Well I got on like a one piece, but my butt out. Yeah. I ain't never did nothing like that. I Know. I mean, getting a dress for your man is one thing. Getting a dress for a stranger, something entirely different. I was, It's different. And then at that age, you don't even get dressed for men. You know what I'm saying? We young. Yeah. We ain't even, we ain't even know our sex yet. It is what it is. Feel Me? So I goes upstairs, I'm shitting bricks. So as I'm walking through the crowd, it's like people that I know from school and my bestie up here with her people, she stayed in there with me the all the whole night. Right. She up there with her people.

(58m 4s):
She telling me like her, she, they got some money. They got some money. And I knew all her clients 'cause I used to be up there all the time. Right. So as I'm walking through, I'm making me a couple dollars. Right, right. And ain't nobody really touch me like that. So I'm like, okay, that's cool. You know I Can get down with this, I can get down with it. But I was, it was like dark in there. So I wasn't really like feeling like I was just revealed. I kept, every time they called my name on the stage, you never seen me. 'cause I was scared to go up there. I was scared. Dang. I'm gonna tell the truth. I was scared. Go get That money. I know. But no. So I, that night I made like $700. The first off the rip I made 700. Done. Oh yeah. So I know you went back. I feel like I'm richest dog shit right now.

(58m 44s):
I'm saying. So bam. I go home. My sister, my sha and well punk, she was too little. But Sha and Sierra, they helping me count my ones. We counting the ones, they like this a lot of money. You know, my sister's helping me because I'm sharing rooms with my sisters. I had to move back with my mom. Right. I think I'm like 21 at the time. So we caught the money, it was 700, like $81. Wow. I'm like, shit, that's one check for two weeks. And one day I'm trapping. I want all this money. You feel me? I'm in here. I'm never leaving. I never wanna go home. But then it became days where it was like 300, but then it became days where it's like 7,000.

(59m 28s):
What? I made $26,000 in one night and 13,000 at the door Low On the biggest night. So picture $26,000 in all singles and then the D still did 13,000. I'm rich. You can't tell me nothing. Shit Rich. What?

(59m 50s):
This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hoisting Vince Lombardi trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking Sports Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to draft King Sports book app and make your pick new draft. Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five books only on draft. King Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. C dk nng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

(1h 1m 17s):
This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever PLA podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Sheha profile and I'll see you there.

(1h 1m 29s):
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district detailed and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com, we've done your homework.

(1h 2m 2s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 2m 32s):
What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.