
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games. Go out to eat cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all your pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


Hey, it's me, Paige DeSorbo, and I'm so excited to share my new shoe collection at DSW filled with my favorite styles and trends for spring. Because if You know me, You know I'm kind of obsessed with shoes and by kind of obsessed, I mean head over heels. You're going to love these shoes. So snag super cute styles, like cute flats, fun heels, and cool sneakers. From the page to Sorbo Collection right now at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My car is making this noise. Sometimes it's like do Do And sometimes it's like, Do you have a dash light on? Oh Yeah. And we don't have to listen for clues. With the free fix finder service, we can read a check engine A, B, S or maintenance light to find the likely fix and even recommend a local shop if you need one. So You don't need to hear the Not with fix finder free at every auto zone, get in the zone Auto zone Restrictions, apply


The Volume. Yo yo yo yo yo NYC. What's happening? Yeah, me and NYC. Yeah. Oh, don't start, You know, T got home Courtney NYC, but You know what I'm saying. That's off the books for the show, man. First things first, we appreciate y'all pulling up. Shout out to my God Marcus, for having this fuel by culture. We appreciate y'all man. It's Club five 20, man. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. I got my gang with me to my far for our left, my dog Bishop B hint out the pearls. How you what? Nasty. Cool and nasty. What's Up New York? You know the vibes to my right.


I'm taking that back home. Yeah, for sure. Still to my right, my dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you up brother? Man, I'm cooling man. I'm happy to be here. It's a good vibe in here already. We can be ourselves. So that's all I needed to hear. Ah, yeah, he already set the tone man. Listen man, we gonna have some great guests today. Let's start it off right man, we got two of basketball sponsors joining us on the stage right now. We got from the Legends basketball, my man, man, Chris, and last, but certain lie, least one of the best talented evaluators and basketball coach P Paul G and Art, appreciate y'all. Come on up. Y'all show us some love. Yeah. Yes sir. Yes sir.


Hey, show the DJ some love my boy going crazy with the segments. Tap me in for sure. Show him some love. Now listen man, it's a lot of basketball up here, but first things first, You know what I'm saying? We love having a good story time here at Club five 20, but coach p and t, y'all got a connection from way back man. Let the people know about it. Oh yeah, he told me today. Yeah, you work. He knew my father. So I'll let you explain it first and then I can comment about it. So when I was grew up in Boston And I used to attend practices at Boston University when Rick Patino, your St. John's coach was the head coach, let's hear for Rick at St. John's. Yeah.


One time for the Johnnys show. Some love. Oh, there it is. There we go. So I'm a young college player trying to walk on division three and I'd go to all the practices in Boston. So I went to Boston University, watched Patino practice. Jeff's dad, Sean Teague was there. He was one tough son of a bitch, I can say that, right? Yeah. All Marcus. I was told I can say anything I want. That's my alley. I shit coach Am Am I right though? Your dad tough, hard nos player? I don't know. Yeah, he was. He was. He was sad to me, but I'll let you go.


It's not what I saw him practice. No. So you telling me that and he gonna watch this show And you giving him all that love. Now I'm out to hear that for the rest of my life that he was a good player and every day I tell him he sucked. So He's an OG Man. Don't say that Now you got OG title. It's crazy. For sure man. Listen, one of my favorite things about basketball is you got a lot of vantage points. A lot of people are play a part in people being successful, one of the best trainers around Chris. Man, please tell the people how you got started and say helping people get to the next level. I mean, first of all, shout out to Marcus, my guy. I met Marcus at USA basketball. Okay.


So I had a couple of players on the USA team And I met him with Tobias Harris. So Tobias and him are really good friends and I've been a part of Harris family for a while And we met gambling with me, him and Russell Westbrook. So we, we were Gambling, well there's some names in there, right? Okay. We were gambling and me and Marcus was looking like, hey, double down on zero. We was telling Russ the next one they hit was zero, which payout is like 33 to one And we, nobody played on it. But that's how I met Marcus. And You know, been in the basketball space is all about community and it's all about, You know, the youth, the ground, the grassroots, and it's all about, You know, it's a small circle And I went from being a player and understanding like what my true craft is.


So my true craft is not hooping. My true craft is developing people and really taking it into like a science of like understanding, like mental, mental health, mental wellness, like understanding moods, You know, looking at people and being able to identify not just what their skillset is, but who they really are. So basketball for me has been great. And to be around the world, to be able to touch people around the world through basketball has just been a great vehicle. Most definitely. One thing I like about you, Chris, is the fact that you said off the court is just as important as on the court and coach, you can contest to this, when you evaluate talent, you have to evaluate the person as well.


Do you keep that in your mind when you go through rankings and stuff like that? It is like on court, but off the court is just as important. Absolutely. I put a big emphasis on traits, not just talent. There's a lot of talent out there, but talent doesn't develop without traits. I, I believe that your, your traits can protect your talent and it can grow your talent. A lot of talented guys with red flags, that's why they don't make it in the basketball space and sometimes they don't make it in the professional space. So character to me is huge. Every high school player I have a chance to talk to, I tell 'em three things, focus on focus, character, academics, and talent. I tell 'em to chase the cat.


That's the acronym So far as the, That's a hell of an acronym. Coach that, that might get you in trouble too Now. Wow. So far as the talent side of it though, how you go about like ranking a player? Like what are the, what are the steps? Well, I coached for a long time, so I have that, hopefully I have the experience right and background in seeing the players at the highest level of college. I coached at Ohio State, Boston College, so I know what the high major looks like. Been a head coach at Wright State, mid-major And I was an assistant with Rick Jeris at St. Louis University. Okay. Then he passed away.


So for 22 years I've been in the college game as a head coach or an assistant. So I look at different categories that are important to the game talent wise. First athleticism, you have to see who has the athleticism, who has the measurables skill level, who can impact the game without scoring for me. And I know for Chris basketball, IQ is missing in the game and it's needed. And I look for kids that understand what they're doing and why they're doing it. Quick story on that. Talked to an NBA assistant coach just this year and he said half our team doesn't know where to go on the court.


They don't know when I say cut, they don't understand when I say screen, they don't know how. Wow. And this is a high level NBA assistant. So basketball IQ is another factor. And then I put the traits, competitiveness, coachability, body language and being a caring teammate. Those are my top four. Okay. Because you had Jeff ranked so low, he was in high school so I just wanted to Wait. I was just Trying to, I'm gonna, I checked that before I came. Yeah, I was gonna ask you about that. Okay. Alright. Well here's the disclaimer. I wasn't doing it then. I was coaching in St. Louis when you come outta high school. So blame the guy before me. Exactly. I need to talk to him.


What's That? They had me at 1 54. Yeah. Yeah. They Didn't know what they, that's why I got the job. Yeah, they had bad eyes. You right. I Had your brother up high. Mm You did shout to five 20 mo. Shout to him. Okay. Yeah. So thank you for that though. You're trying to put me in a corner. You can't put a Boston guy in a corner in New York. Not good. No, For sure. Yeah, he tried to load it up for you. Pause. But listen, we at NYC. Hey. Hey y'all know what time it is. We playing them games. I said pause, relax now. You know what I'm saying? We only got introduce to each other. Why is Kanye and Anthony not McDonald's? All American facts. Yeah. What you got to do with that?


I need to know it. Yeah. Committee votes. Who is the committee? Yes. Lot of people Who, Oh, different people. There's a whole list of people We live in 2020. The reason why I Asked you, you gotta reach out to McDonald's to get that. That that's information they didn't want me to give out. So if you reach out, they'll give it to you. I Put it on Ronald McDonald's, but Honestly it's always been a vote. Look, I recruited McDonald's, all Americans now I'm voting for them. There's so many great players every year. And Cayenne's a great basketball player, especially on the offensive end and he's a really likable kid not to get voted in. Somebody has to get left out. There's other guys too that had great high school careers this year.


Great. I mean great. I don't throw out compliments unless they're, they're earned. Didn't make it either. We Had, we had on the west coast, I think six to eight McDonald's, all Americans in California at one point. It used to be like two per state. Yeah. And so now, Yeah, they don't do that in one state. It's not about, it's the 24 best players in the committee's mind based on the criteria that they give you. Which is who can be a pro, who's dominated the game at the high school level and who has the greatest upside among the group. And that gets difficult as You know, you make a list top 100, top 200, somebody's gonna be left off that could be deserving. Just like the NCAA tournament. We were talking about that in the back room.


Yeah. Yes sir. Teams that got in maybe shouldn't have teams that didn't make it North Carolina. Oh I sorry. Yeah. Okay. And, and other, You know, other people didn't make the tournament. That's the unfortunate part of making a list. Okay. I guess that was a pr. And What would you like me to say? The truth? I just did. He didn't make it. He didn't get voted in. Hey, I like you like him coach. You gotta watch him. You gotta Watch him. No Chris, I wanted to ask you like I'm good. I got you. I'm back on you next. Hold on Chris. You go. That's crazy. Come on, y'all relax. You know, You know who we Hey. Hey Jeff. Jeff, this wasn't in the contract. Go ahead.


I love this. Hey, chill out. Nah Chris, I wanted to ask you like who was that first player? Did you develop him in high school, college or the pros? Like the first player that I walked through? Yeah. Cool. Or even that you, you might have started with a pro. I heard you basically changed Jimmy Butler game around. Yeah, I remember him in Minnesota. Yeah. Yeah. Jimmy. Shout out to Jimmy's because getting traded to Golden State. I think they like 15 and two, something Like that. Yeah. And okay, Love Jimmy With with Jimmy. Jimmy's very interesting because Jimmy does all the things that you just mentioned.


Right. He wasn't ranked in high school, he wasn't ranked in hu in the city of Houston where I'm from. He he wasn't on the top scholarship boards. Yeah. Coach Buzz Williams gave him a scholarship going to Marquette the 30th pick in the draft. So when he got to me, when I looked at Jimmy, Jimmy has what you need to be a pro. It really doesn't matter how you start, but when you pick up, You know that I gotta prove something. I gotta go out and change my life. I come from nothing When, when I get that type of ingredients, like a player like Jimmy, yeah it is easy to develop because he already had the mindset, he already had the competition, he already had the will and the want to to be that.


So I put Jimmy on a five day workout plan, like five workouts a day. Like in, I had him train with the point guards. I had him train with the two guards, the forwards and the centers. So when you watch him play now with Golden to State, he can play anywhere on the court. Yeah. He got on the footwork and he has the ability to make the team better. And so that journey with Jimmy was great because he gave me an opportunity, a platform to be able to build him and to build him into something great. And that year people don't know Jeff, when he was in Chicago, Jimmy had a contract, I think about 46 million.


He came to me and was like, say bro I'm gonna decline it. I was like, bro I can't tell you to decline 48 million. I ain't got 48 million. Yeah I can't tell you the decline. And he was like, nah, I'm gonna get Max. I put in the work, I'm focused And I don't give a fuck. And he turned it down. And once he turned it down at the end of the year, he was most improved player of the year. First team all N-B-A-N-B-A Allstar got a picture of us taking that picture of signing a hundred million dollar max contract for the Chicago Bulls. And that's a player that wasn't ranked. Yes sir.


He wasn't on nobody board. It just comes from pure desire of what you want to become. That's a fuck. Now listen, if they ain't the best advertisement to tap in with Chris with your train. No what to tell you. Well you just, you just sold the shit out me. I'm about to get back out. You would've took that risk. Hell yeah. No, no. That 48 would've been the sign a good. See y'all said Chris, you right. No you can't. You can't take that risk because there's so many players that have had your teammate before. I think you got to Minnesota took that risk. I ain't gonna say his name, but he wound up in China the next year.


Damn. Oh so I know what you're talking about. You know Bazo, Bazo Bazo? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. He 48 on the table. Yep. And he was like, I want 60. Yep. And he was in China the next year. Not me. Nah. Say his name. Y'all messy. Nah.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist, or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Best instantly. Take it to the record with Draft King Sports book where every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction Void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Hey, what's going on? It's DJ Wilson Club five 20. Be Hearing from Club five 20. What's up? You know what time it is? Official role Sparks Partners here man. Big fans of the brand for sure. Listen, it's getting warm outside and You know what happens when they get warm outside, be here For sure man. Always a good time. Even when it's cold outside, man Role Sparks only takes 15 minutes to kick in and it also lasts up to 36 hours man. For sure. Get straight to it. Make sure you go online and make sure you qualify to use this medicine that is prescribed for you for professionals you have nothing to worry about. Like Behe said man, once you get active with it, how long it take to kick in my boy Man, just 15 minutes man. For sure man. If you really get into it lasts up for 36 hours man. So the fun. Don't stop until you stop you feel me? Be here and tell the people they should subscribe at. Make sure you go to the site and get prescribed ro.co/club five 20 For sure. If prescribed new sexual health patients get up to $15 off Sparks on a reoccurring plan, connect with the provider at ro.co/club five 20 to find out if the prescription for Row Sparks is right for you. That's right r o.co/club five 20 for $15 off your first order. Tap in. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but are not FDA approved and do not undergo FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing review. For full safety information go to roe.co/safety info.


Yo, what's good? This is Jeff T from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA Tournament brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily. My two favorite games from the Elite were Duke beat, Alabama, Florida Beat and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper Flag and all their talented players. And Florida being Texas Tech. What a win by them. Coming up big in the end. Now with my final four is set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in a 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast food Gotta be Wendy's right Now you can get a junior bacon and cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with a in-app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness


Some stands for So others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington


DC This is DJ Wells from Club five 20 podcast. And this show is sponsored by Better Help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to two 50 per session, which adds up pretty fast. But with better help online therapy, you can save up an average of 50% per session. Therapy should feel very accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you could quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress. It's helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. And it empowers you to be the best version of yourself. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest or live therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with just a clickable button, helping you fit therapy into a busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/club to get 10% off your first month. That's better help help H eop.com/club-pass


has a members only deal for the 24 25 NB season. They swoosh you save when any player scores 50 or more points in the game during the 24 25 NBA regular season dash pass members save 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Shay has 50 point games. So the A VP front murder might get you another soon. Use the promo code NBA 50 today after the 50 point game during the 24 25 NB. A regular season from noon to midnight. Get half off of an order when a player goes through full throttle and scores 50 points or more in a single game up to $10. Yes it's any player in any game, but it's only for dash pass members now remember, sign up for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus exclusive perks like this one valid with the use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game or eligible orders at participating. Merchants must have an active dash pass account terms apply. Don't forget this. Promo code NBA 50 valid for dash pass members only from noon to midnight the day after any player scores 50 points or more in a single game. Dash pass member say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off sign up for dash pass.


No sir. That mother could have said to You know, who's on the committee. Say his name. No, we go So where was you at when Jimmy went crazy on us? You was part of that. Oh yeah, he was. Yeah he was a part of that. I listen So you call Rachel Nichols? Yeah, he he trade him. I'm gonna tell you Jim, Jimmy's a true competitor, right? Jimmy Crazy Swap. Hey yo. He said, he said Tracy, Mike, Chris, lemme put This motherfucker Down.


Jimmy is the type of guy to keep receipts. Let's just start there. He ain't forgetting. He plays dominoes. He's, he's ultra competitive, You know, and sometimes guys that are really competitive, they just black out and they just focus on what's that in the moment. And him going to practice was just a buildup of what was going on in his life at that moment. And when you have that in you where he started from, nothing, playing with the third team and going after CAD and going after people. Those are true stories. But he was there to show them that he wanted to win so bad.


Now Jeff, before you got there the year before, let's talk about this after all Star break, Jimmy tore his meniscus. He Euro stepped against the rockets. Oh no I was there. Oh, oh you was on the team. Yeah, We came the same year. Yep. So Jimmy called me. I wish he wouldn't have, he should have told me he was gonna do that shit. I, I would stayed in Indiana but Exactly, but but the, to show you the type of competitor he is, show you that practice. Jimmy could have canceled the season for sure. I told him once again cancel the season. He looked at me and was like Minnesota had never been in the playoffs like in 14 years or something.


He was like, I'm gonna come back, I'm gonna make us go to the playoffs And I'm gonna sacrifice my body for this team and for the organization. And we left. We went to California And we trained. He went outta surgery, we started training the next day sitting in a chair dribbling four weeks later he was back And I think he had like 38. Yep, 36. First game back was in la he, I told him to sit out. I was trying to kill. They was in there that night. I was trying, I had seen some people I wanted to. Something about crazy.


Alright man, before we get outta here, I want to ask both of you gentlemen, keep it as brief as you can. Obviously. Is there a big change on how you go across dealing with younger athletes with the NIL effects? Well NIL now is in the high school game. 40 states allow NIL and the other states will eventually doesn't affect what I do at all. It, it's more so what happens to the players. The public schools have lost, public schools have lost a lot of kids going to private schools because a lot of the public schools, and Jeff you could probably speak on this being the head coach of Pike High School kids will leave for the private schools because the NIL is more open.


Each state association makes their own rules. But at the end of the day, the government is gonna decide NIL, not state associations. But for what I do, the only thing I notice is when kids get NIL, I take a look to see if their game starts to digress because of all the distractions I tell every kid that will listen and parent, You know, your brand is not your brand. Your game is your brand. Yeah. Our and when they decide to have a brand, to have a business to make money, we're all cool with that. But when it affects your game or your grades, it's not a good thing. So, and it's a hard thing to balance because adults can't balance money and game.


So Now you have a teenager grades, school game money, it's, it's a hard balancing act. But for me I just continue to watch the progression or the digression of them on the court, their talent, their impact. And then I always keep an eye on their traits. Most definitely. Now Chris, I wanna ask you this, as a parent of a kid is going crazy right now, You know what I'm saying? Obviously you got the game and the knowledge, but you see as other teammates, how is that for them to kind of adjust to this new type of lifestyle or opportunity? You got a lot of kids, like you said, they come from nothing. Somebody wave a check in your face. You could change your mama life today but that check may not last longer if you go crazy later and get more money. Yeah, as as a parent, my son going to Colorado, shout out to Colorado Big 12.


Yes sir. And he's, yeah, tab he can play. I think it's the big thing is building a system and community around the kids. Right? The money's always been there so the money's not changing. Kids social media has changed kids in the fact of like showcasing what you actually have. So you just need to educate kids on how to utilize the platform of social media to be beneficial. So versus them having to do it themselves, just hire a team, You know? So it is there. So we just need to educate the kids, the community, the system, the people around them of how to hire people to put in place that can manage those things for them so they can keep the main thing, the main thing.


Now what I've learned, having people, kids that come from affluent houses, those are your top basketball players right now that got the people that can afford training. You don't see a lot of kids in the hood getting the right training because they can't afford it. It is become a business now. So like for myself, if I got a person that's in the hood, I'm make enough money where I can just, hey you good, I'm gonna take care of you. I'm gonna bill you from the ground up. So his sacrifice will be different. But you find people now that parents can afford training, their skill sets are much better. So it really has nothing to do with NIL. It really come down to what's in your chest, who's around you If you want to really play basketball or you want to be a celebrity or influencer because there's three different levels to that.


So we can't box a kid in because I got people that parents are filthy rich and play basketball in the NBA. There's so many kids that I have that dad played in the NBA that's better than a kid straight out the hood because he has more opportunity to get trained and to be developed. So that's why you looking in NBA Now you see a lot of kids of dads that played in the NBA because they have the resources to be able to get to that level. But do you think it lacked passion now? 'cause like I think when you come from nothing And you start hooping the passion be a little different. It do, it does a look, it does be a little different.


But then I look at Steph Curry, But then I look at Anthony Edwards. I think we all can relate to him a little different Yeah. Than we can to Steph Curry. Right? I mean, but we can relate. But when I look at Steph, I look at clay, I look at some of the two parent households, right, that are in the NBA that people don't talk about. 'cause the game of basketball, no offense, Paul is a black dominated game. And so when you look at that, yeah, no offense, but it's, it's dominated by by black players. And so a lot of people don't talk about two parent house. I'm not black, They don't talk about the two parent household, You know?


And so being a two-parent household, you can produce a mentally tough kid, you don't have to be abused. Yeah. To be mentally tough. Yeah. Yes sir. Go ahead. Wrap up, up. Can I finish on, we're down on time but I want to tell this for everyone. Watching whoever coaches trains parents, we talked about social media, you talked about mental wellness. Yeah, we can talk about basketball all day long. And the biggest thing that I've noticed, whether it is millennials, generation Z and now it's, I think it's generation alpha. The biggest problem that kids are experiencing is not on a court. Social media. First it was the internet. Now it's social media.


And the one game I tell everyone not to play is the comparison game. It's a never ending game. You can never win the comparison game. And so many kids are playing that comparison game and it's a recipe for unhappiness. So you don't even get to the trainer, you don't get to the coach. You're just unhappy all the time because you're constantly comparing what other kids have versus what you don't have. So if I can encourage everyone to help kids, not to play the comparison game, someone's always gonna be better than you. You're gonna be better than somebody else. That's the way life goes. But if you can keep them focused on their own growth, their own development, they'll be happier and they'll make faster progress.


The comparison game is the quickest way to fizzle out of anything. Whether it's somebody at work or somebody in sports. I just want get that in. Well said coach. They need to hear that. Hey man, we gotta move on. Make some love for Coach P and Chris Johnson. For sure. Gentlemen, we appreciate y'all. We're gonna take a quick break and we'll be back at it. We get to be in the presence of a mogul philanthropist and most importantly, right now, president P Man, we got the one. The only Master P in the building makes some love for Master P man. Thank you man. It's an honor to be in your presence tonight. Big dog. Hey, before we start, can I say something? P? Yeah.


Hey dj, can you play break 'em off something real quick for me? Yeah, we gotta set the box. Act like we ain't gotta mess with P up P no, don't understand. They know. Yeah. In my household. This like a national anthem. No, no, no, no, no, no. Not no, no, no, no, no, no. Break them off something. Hold on, hold on. They don't got that. It's cool. Respect. Respect. Don't worry about it ain't hurting. That's my moment. It's cool. It, oh there we Now the vibe is getting right. Here we go. Hey, You know what I'm saying? I had to do this for my sister. She said if you don't tell him how we feel about this, I ain't gonna never forget you.


I what they say how you start off hustle gangster Caterpillar. Who? I beat your neighborhood drug dealer. A young nigga Adam. Hey turn me T my ball. Me Me. Alright. Alright. My fault dj. I just had a shoulder. I had a shoulder. Yeah. All the ball is right now. We locked in turnt. That's my song man. That's my song for sure. So listen man, first things first. Congratulations on your new role, You know what I'm saying? New Orleans holding down to president of operations man. Tell us what inspires you to take that role. Man, you're so successful with everything you've ever done.


What made you go on this journey? Well, so black athletes, right? A lot of these people don't understand us. They don't understand our culture. And for me to be a coach and to be president of operations of a major university and coming from hip hop this history And I, I'm just letting God lead me on this journey. Y'all know where I come from and this, this is big for our culture and our people because we always talk about the negative things. So think about it. It's been 25 years that I've been doing, right? Yes sir. And so I know that this is a way that guarded and I'm just taking this journey.


Most definitely T listen, you got a little bit of lineage with Master P and he don't even know it. Let him know about it. Nah. So you remember when y'all went to the A, B, CD camp? You took Romeo and DeMar DeRozen. Well I happen to be on the team with DeMar DeRozen. Yep. And I was having some bright moments at that camp and you tapped me on my shoulder at one time And you was like, Hey man, you nice. He was like, but it's a, it is a cat on your team right there. He was like, man, trust him, he can play too. And you told me drive the ball to the lane and throw it up. I promise he'll go get it. Yeah, we played the next game. I threw it up to DeMar, he went and go get it and I ain't get the ball no more.


Like it became his team. It was my team for a minute and next thing You know it was his team. And, and so that's what I want to tell y'all, right? When you look at DeMar de Rosen, Lance Stevenson, I coached all those guys jail and sus big Chad Hogan. And my thing is those guys come from real community places of poverty. And I think a lot of these coaches, they give up on our kids. And that's why I tell any kid in college right now, right? The reason why you want to play for me at the University of New Orleans, I want nothing but dogs. No puppies allowed. And I know real talent.


Yeah. But I'm also going to help these kids get to the next, the next level. Whether it's to the NBA or even your education is more important. 'cause I call it we all should be seeking wisdom and not money. Right? Think about it. A lot of us use wisdom and as avoid and stuff. No you don't avoid wisdom. Wisdom is advancing. So I'm gonna show the next generation how we advance. And so when you look at me and say, man, I grew up in the cal of your project, just like you was listening to break 'em off, right? Yeah. So if you follow me on that journey, then you gonna follow me on this journey showing our people how to get our money, how to take care of our families, how to build generational wealth.


And so that's the journey I'm on right now, educating our people. And so y'all give yourself a round of applause in here because everybody in here, we, we on that mission, we want to get better, right? Yeah. Y'all know that I was able to accomplish this. I mean I lived in the projects with my grandparents and they had 12 kids. Me and my brother made 14 at 16 people in a three bedroom project. And so my goals was to get my grandmother a house. So that was my motivation. One day I want to get my grandmother a house. So you also have to have that why? And, and if you had that, why you can be successful Most definitely.


And with you, like you said, accomplished so many things across the board. The discipline, the things, the foundation, the place, help you accomplish that. And listen, we love basketball And we gonna talk about it. How was that like making it to the NBA? You know it was, it was something I, I think basketball changed my life and saved my life. So I've been with all the, all my life, right? But the thing about it is right, people didn't understand that because I had made it in music and so people forgot that this was my first love. This is where I came from, this what took me out the ghetto. And so I've always was putting in the work And I showed my son, my son right now play for University of Houston.


They're the number two team in the country. And I showed him hard. It worked because I know if you stay in the gym, it's like anything in life. This the game of life. It's not just basketball. So I just used that as, as this what took me out, the projects. But I also use that in my business. So it it teach you, dedication it teach you consistency. 'cause it's all about consistency. So think about it, I wouldn't be here where I'm at if, if I, if I didn't put the work in and so basketball gave me that. And so, You know, think about it, we all sitting up here, but you going to get older. You can't play basketball forever. You can't do what you used to do on a basketball court. Hold on now. Hold on Now. You can't do that right now.


Hold on, hold on Now you can't do that. I know you can't. I I was rolling with you P bro. You can't do what you used to do back in the day. You wanna tie 'em up or what because you act like you wanna play. See that y'all, y'all see how You know that's what it do too. That's why it is a mental thing, right? You like start thinking that you could do what you used to do back in the days and You know, I mean look at Michael Jordan. That's why, that's why we having this conversation. Yeah. Product outweighs talent. So think about it. Product gonna be around when we not around for sure. And so when you look at it, the reason why Michael Jordan is still so successful because of those shoes.


For sure. Think about it. You still wearing 'em now that's a fuck. And he ain't even playing no more. And if you ask Michael Jordan that same thing, he'll probably say, man, now I oh yeah I can do it. You can't. It's called fault of time. Right. I'm only 36, bro. That's old in basketball. Nah, respect Sexual office while you was in the league playing rap for basketball. Huh? I heard a story about that brought you to the office. Like in basketball? Yeah, when I was playing with what the Hons? Yeah. Yeah. I mean my music is what got me out. The lead wasn't basketball so the GM was listening to the ice cream man.


And I'm like man what you, where you get that from? So I knew y'all, I was done. So I walked in there and sit down this older white man Bob Bass, he not hearing nothing no more. But he sent me down. He said man your music is pure filled. Dang, it's a bible built state and your music is pure filled. He said, I love your basketball, you tough. 'cause he seen me and Anthony Mason get into it. So he say, why you not scared of Anthony Mason? Man, Anthony Mason was a tough dude on the basketball court. Like for real. He, and when I got to the gym, Anthony Mason said, I'm from New York, give me the ball.


I'm like, damn, big dog for real. Like I just got in there. I just got in there man. And so what I like about it, right? I had foul Anthony Mason, right? And, and he was like, man, rookie, when I get in the back I'm about to whoop you. So I'm thinking to myself, damn that over like six tens. I was like, all right, I got to get back to that locker room first. Right? So I got back to the locker room first. I was ready. He said, nah big dog, I like you. And we ended up being friends but, and the GM couldn't understand that. He said, he said, your music pure filled And you ain't afraid of Anthony Mason. Man, we decided to go another direction man.


They changed the codes on the, so think about it, y'all right? Yeah. By the time I left, I had left something in there. My code wasn't working no more. I had to call security. So that's why I said, right, we have to start thinking about being entrepreneurs because You know, we get locked outta situations when it is, when it's over for us. And it had nothing to do with basketball. I was going hard every night. I mean they had some great players on that team. BJ Armstrong used to tell me, slow down, you'll ask him this story when you see him. And I was, I was outrunning everybody b your fan say man we got 82 games. Why you running so fast? I was so used to running from the police all day.


This was nothing for me. This was nothing. I'm, and I'm thinking, man, I'm on this team. Y'all ever play one-on-one at practice? Guess who? Like I'm just anybody. Like we always used to play ones at practice. Anybody play ones playing with everybody who you beat? Man, come on dog. I was asking you acting like I am from the project dog. I just told you I grew up in the project with four people. I'm so saying you played BJ Armstrong 1 0 1, you beat everybody. I played Steph Curry did. His dad was on the team. Yeah. Okay. He about the ones with Dale turned up. Yeah he was. He was. Man, You know what, you had to foul Dale back in the way. So I know. That's why Steph's so good. Soon as he touch the ball I, I'm slapping you can shoot too good.


He shoot too good. Now you can shoot though. I ain't gonna lie. You guys jump jumper. I've been watching you man. I learned how to shoot in a project with no lights but damn that. So imagine when the lights come on. I'm like man, that dude, look at that light right there. You shooting here. I look, I ain't go get no shooting contests with you. I seen you two. Yeah, most definitely. One thing I like about you is that everything is always based on family and like we always talked about this, we was in the Asia when we saw them shows on tv, You know what I'm saying? Everybody remember them shows on Nickelodeon, we remember the movies. Uncle P come on tap in. I don't know, we too old. But y'all remember that the dope part about it. You, you, you have DeMar Rose, you have the brand. It genius. They get to see that type of life as an influence.


What's that? Being able to pull your family up as you excel as well. Yeah. No, I mean I'm grateful and thankful. I just talked to Brandon Jen the other day And I was like, Brandon, what, what made you make it? He said Coach P. 'cause I, I'm like, and I'm coach P for real, right? I start thinking, 'cause You know it don't hit you till you get older. And he was Like, You know you, you believed in me when nobody didn't believe in me and then you showed me stuff because you already had the mansions, you had the nice cars. All this stuff. He said that made me go harder. And so I do the same thing with my family, with my kids, right? So I didn't give my son, he's one of the top players in Cal. He's the number one player in California and, and he's a freshman at Houston right now.


He didn't get a car till he got to Houston. So I start realizing right, that you gotta start make pe making people work for what they want. And I think with this generation we give these kids everything they want. Even if you look at it right now, we gotta stop that And we just gotta start being real parents and make them appreciate everything that that you give 'em. That's a bar for


sure. Yo, what's good? This is Jeff T from Club five 20 podcast here with my latest fresh take on 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. What a weekend easily my two favorite games from the elite Duke beat Alabama, Florida B and Texas Tech. Duke beat Alabama with their defense being able to attack and transition and getting out on the open floor, finding Cooper flag and all their talented players and Florida Beat and Texas Tech. What a win by them coming up big in the end. Now with my final four set, I like Florida beating Auburn because of the way they play. They got a closer in Clayton Jr. And I got Duke playing Houston And I got Houston being my championship in the 2025 NCAA tournament. It should be a good game. Should be exciting weekend. I'm looking forward to it. We'll see if I'm right. But while you watching the games in the meantime, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. Again head to Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger, a $1 double stack with a in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness


Some stands for So others Mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us, they are Washington DC


Hi, this is Jovan your blinds.com design consultant. Oh Wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to Wow. Mm. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple. I can even help schedule a professional measurement install. I didn't realize you did that. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com we're on your schedule and there's no haggling pressure or hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming over and I'm thinking of something. Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and get up to 40% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply.


Dash pass has a members only deal for the 24 25 NBA season. They swoosh you save when any player scores 50 or more points in the game during the 24 24 NBA regular season dash pass members save 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Shay has 50 point games. So the A VP front murder might get you another soon. Use the promo code NBA 50 today after the 50 point game during the 24 25 NB. A regular season from noon to midnight. Get half off of an order when a player goes through four throttle and scores 50 points or more in the single game up to $10. Yes it's any player in any game, but it's only for dash pass members. Now remember, sign up for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus exclusive perks like this one valid with the use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game. Or eligible orders at participating. Merchants must have an active dash pass account terms apply. Don't forget this. Pro Cole NBA 50 valid for dash pass members only from noon to midnight the day after any player scores 50 points or more in a single game. Dash pass member say 50% off of an order the next day up to $10 off. Sign up for dash pass.


Listen, Where do you see New Orleans going or what do you see for the future police kids since you step into de position? Yeah. So, oh for us in New Orleans, what I see, right? And I know a lot of people talk about what went on before I got there. I just got there. So we going to be way better than, I mean we was last year, but I'm giving kids second chances that I know that deserve it, that done change their lives. Think about it like none of us are perfect. All of us done did something that we could hide from or, or go and act like or whatever. But think about it. How do you get to the league if nobody really pull you to the side and believe in you?


So I I told you I coached Lance Stevenson, right? So y'all know Lance Stevenson out here in New York. He was wilding out at first. And so I was able to see the good in him and showed him the value. Like man, slow down and me and his dad built a good relationship. So it's also what I'm gonna do is build relationships with these parents at the same time. It's all about holding accountability. But my thing is asking them what do they really want out of this? So you gotta know what you want. Do you really want, 'cause I had to change, my parents couldn't change me. Right? You know, once you get on that school campus, you, you could go wild out. Yes sir. And I had to start policing myself. I had to start saying that I want some outta life.


And so I'm gonna show these kids everything that I've been through. I got a brother there, I got a brother incarcerated, right? So it's nothing you could fool me with, but I got real love. These kids are part of my family. And so when you use that word family that we are gonna be able to know each other even after life after basketball and still keeping those relationships. How many of these other coaches do that with us? 'cause once it's over, they don't care about us no more. That's a fact. Think about it. And that's what I'm gonna be able to give the kids that come into my program. Like I, I mean I'm looking out here some, I want some of the top kids in New York. We we able to give them the same NIL deals that we could, that they could get from any other university. And so I, I think that's gonna be the good thing about it.


But I want them to know this is about getting the education. 'cause once that NIL money run out, what you going to do? So I'm going to teach them how to invest some of that money either and don't just take this money in your personal name. They don't teach our athletes that. So go get your LLC, go get your, incorporate a business. So Now you can write some of that off instead of just taking that money. Even though we, we call it name and likeness, You know, but we saying now take this money And I invest in something. So when them four years come, you got your money done. Triple, double, quadruple. And so they're not gonna teach us that this won't give us the money. And, and, and hopefully if we don't win for them, then we go back to the hood And I want to change that.


Most definitely. So yeah, clap it up. That was the ball right there for sure. Yeah. Listen, think about it, right? Everybody up here, how many coaches still keep in touch with you? Let's be honest. Like me, me and all my players, we still in contact. Yeah. I don't see, think about, I definitely ain't talked to them. My coach show you tips. I talked to tib, I talked to Mike. That's the NBA though. Like college and high school. Yeah, high school. My AAU coach, I still talk to him, but other than that college, nah. See it is rare. Its rare. So think about it because all they doing is bring one player in, then once it's over, they looking for the next best player. That's a fact. Yeah, most definitely.


Well we see like, 'cause you, you coach a bunch of NBA players, you man you one of the most influential people ever will we see a lot of people at New Orleans like kind of like coach prom did in Colorado. Man, lemme tell y'all something. I model what I'm doing after Coach Prime 'cause he the goat. Yes sir. And to be able to celebrate a black man that did something historical, it let me know that I could do it in basketball, what he done in football. And so you're gonna see, you're gonna see everybody at our games, but you're going to, you're going to get a, a great game. 'cause these, the players that I bring in there, the goal is to get them to the NBA and to create more testimonies.


And so more players that we get into the NBA, that's when we get more students to the, to the university and we bring the enrollment up. And so that's the page I'm on. Like, so the basketball part is one thing, but for me it's the education and that's, that's it. About changing lives and saving lives. I feel like this is my most important job to be a servant. So yeah, I gotta shout out coach Prime man because he paved the way and I'm just about to kick the door down. Especially coming from hip hop. Think about you think they want to give me this job coming from hip hop? Nah. No sir. So that mean I had to be doing right a long time for sure because they, they put me under the microscope, right?


Like, and, and it is hard to do. So I had to have a degree. I had to have a good record. So all these things that I want to show our culture that we could leave the past behind And we could grow up and get better. They do. They got tattoos under they suits. They done been in trouble before, let's be honest. But they, they get a second chance at changing their lives. That's why I said I'm looking for dogs, I'm looking for players that they done gave up on And we going to have, we gonna have a opportunity if you really about changing growth. And I'm gonna show them these diamonds in the rough that they forgot about. Like all they needed was a chance. And that's all I need. I'm a living testimony that if you put your trust and faith in God, you could actually go to the next level.


Most definitely make some letters to that. What a bar there. Now I gotta ask, obviously you went in many markets that dominate just about everything you did getting into the snack world. We all love rap snacks, man. How was that transition going from rap music to making chips? You know what, nobody believed in rap snack. Me and James used to go to all these different places and tell people about it, but it's all about the flavor. And think about it. We understand what flavor is in our people. We eat chips, You know, we got the honey buns now. We've been eating this stuff a long time, but we don't think that we can create this stuff. So this been a journey for over 25 years.


I know a lot of people think that it is a success story overnight. It took us 25 years. So how many people willing to be in business that long in the stand business? The, the sustainability. So when nobody believed that you could put artists that look like us on packages and bags. We did. And that's what changed the game most definitely. You like a to my community people I grew up around you like a superhero. You did everything. You played basketball in the NBA, you ride, you act everything that a black person want to do. Who you did like straight up. We all dream of being TV movies who rap man.


What's that feeling like? Like you kind of just, when you come up here, like you don't, you don't, you probably don't feel that way, but we like, bro, you a icon to us. So it is a little different for us. How that feel for you. We both my favorite movie. So to, to be honest, y'all, I'm more thankful. Like it don't really, it don't really touch me like that because I know where I come from And I, I know that I had a lot of close, close calls in life and if God didn't spare my life, I wouldn't be here with y'all right now. And I'm all about helping our community and our culture. You know, me and one of my guys was laughing the other day, right?


So in California I got a program called Urban Born and Nipsey Hussle was in our program in the eighth grade. And so it's all about helping people look like us, knowing that you are important. So I I'm, I'm, I'm looking at life thanking God like, man, you spared my life. 'cause I had a lot of close calls And I, and I'm thankful and grateful that I could be here with y'all and show y'all that we can change and grow. 'cause a lot of people, they think that we gotta be tough, we gotta be real. What is that? I never wanted to be tough in all this. I've always just wanted to survive. I want to be better. And I tell people all the time that we invest 5, 10, 20 of the life and going to prison.


Why can't we invest four years to go to college or to create a business or a brand. And so I'm gonna live testimony that if you do that, then you can live a legit life. 'cause think about it, we do all this negative stuff. And so I, and when I start making these movies, I invest my own money into it. I want to show us that if you believe in yourself, put your money into what you believe in because you're going to get the, the bigger piece of the pie. But when you running around And you want to be pampered, that mean you don't wanna put the work in. So all those things that you talk about, what I've done, I've never been pampered. I've always get out and put the work in and then I get my bigger piece of the pie because I made the biggest investment in myself.


And so when you look in that mirror, I want y'all to look in that mirror and say, what am I doing? How can I get to the next level? Am I spending my 24 hours wisely? Think about this. Most of us turning up, if you turning up 24 hours, then you, you're not gonna beat me. You're not gonna beat me at nothing I'm doing. And I think that that's what's my motivation is. And I know a lot of people say, P you did this, this and this. But I love what I'm doing. So I don't see it as like, oh, you're doing all these different things. No, they all go together. Like think about like you say, every athlete in the hood, they love music, they love movies, they gonna love products and, and all these different things.


And I just like this what we do anyway. And I just said that, You know, when I, when I stopped saying that I wanted to be a boss And I wanted to be a leader, it's two different things. 'cause a boss just, he controlled everything. Being a leader, you going to create more leaders. And so when I got to that point in my life, I feel like that's when God spared my life and saved my life. Say, Hey, You know, you could lead the people and the ones that want to listen. 'cause think about where we come from. A lot of us don't want to listen. That's why I told you I got a brother dead And I got a brother incarcerated because that's all about that one word listening. So you gotta be able to listen. You know, they, they say a wise man learn, but a fool never will. And I, I learn from not only other people mistakes, but I also look at my life and say, okay, if I go that way, I'm gonna be good.


But if I go this way with all my homeboys And I, I'm going to prison, I stopped getting in the car and wanting to go to jail with my homeboy and say, man, look, I'm, I'm invest in my education. I think that was the only thing that changed my life. And that's why I keep telling y'all wisdom is the most important thing that we could have. Because thinking about most of us pray for money, man Lord, I need to pay my bills. Help me. No man, if you get the wisdom, the money going to come. And that's what's been happening for me my whole life. And one thing I want to applaud you on, get back to the music. Obviously you're success in it, but the way that you ran your record label needs to be applauded.


If you look everywhere from the marketing aspect, when we talk about some of the best people to market, your name seems to be on that list. Everybody here know no limit cover. When you see it, marketing genius, the quality, Hey, You know, tap in, the quality was there, the marketing was there And you was a well-oiled machine. You look at so many people who have so many sad stories of music, you was an independent, I won't, And you talk about the Boston leader, but you was a real boss in the music industry. When you came to that realization, what was it like to say, all right, I see what everybody else is doing, but I'm doing this way different and way better. Yeah, so when I first got in the music business, I, You know, every business I create I find a problem. So I found a problem.


None of us was making money in the music industry and a lot of us was superstars. We was on all these billboards And we was on all these records, but we wasn't making no real money. And and when you look at the deals was like us making 7%, 12%. The biggest percentage in music was Michael Jackson. He was making 22% of record. And I said, I, I need to change that. And so, and then I started making my own covers. I came to New York. So when I first did Body, body, I came to New York, I went to every hood out here and people was like, man, that's you on that post?


I said, nah man, I'm from New Orleans. We all look alike. But I came out here y'all and put my own posters up. 'cause think about it, You know, back then you would pay somebody to put your stuff, but you, we don't have social media back then. They might throw it in the garbage can. Street teams. I came up, I was my own street team. And so when people start seeing me, then when the girls, You know, I sounded different. So I got this big donkey gold chain on, right? And the girls, I be talking, yeah, what's up baby? How you doing? She's like, I like the way you talk. I'm gonna listen to your music. 'cause nobody knew who I was. And, and just being able to communicate and network with the people, people that looked like us, even though I sounded different and, and, but New York really gravitated to me.


That's when I knew. I was like, man, I, I think I'm gonna, I'm gonna make it in this business because I come all the way from the south and they started messing with the bout about it. And, and, And I And I tell the DJs And I tell the people in the community out here, I appreciate that because this was the first spot that really outside where, where I came from. 'cause I was in the Bay Area And I was in New Orleans, but to actually see some, a whole different culture 'cause You know, music started here. So I, I felt like I needed to come here, go in these clubs and test the waters. How can I get New York to like my music? And when I got New York to like my music, I mean the rest was history because they, they, they jumped around in the clubs and You know, that what my music was, it was Like, You know, it was all like that military jump around, get you up and let's party.


And so now I appreciate you guys. I just always wanted to say thank you New York for believing in me, sir. Hey, Here we go. Yeah, no production coming was fire all crazy, all great. Yeah. And I want to tell y'all, right, so I know y'all seen me in the music side of the business making music, but as a young person, I also got into investing into other artists. And so that's when I took on doing concerts and shows. I was able to do the 50 cent first tour and investing into other artists.


And so I think that was the part that started taking my, my, my business to the next level. Then I signed Snoop Dogg and You know, all these incredible artists that I was able to, to sign and help their careers and jumpstart their careers. And it's, it is been a blessing man because I feel like when you help other people get to where you going go to keep blessing you most definitely. Now you talk about being able to get Snoop Dogg. Is there a artist that you almost had that you wish you got? I think Indi Ire. I didn't know like that type of music. So she used to come to my house and sing And I was just like, I just don't want to mess up your career.


And I think that was the one that got away that I just coulda just, but I didn't know. 'cause y'all know, think what I'm saying. That's why I say education is so important, right? I'm only into the hip hop and I'm just like, man, I got this diamond in the roof right here. And I wanted to, I'm like, how much you need to do this? But I didn't know personally how to do like an r and b tour. So I I told her that. And I think that was, that's probably the one artist that I feel like that I really could've, let me tell you right now, if we got any re on a no Olympic cover shit would've been crazy. I am not my hero who the who.


See, but that's what I'm, but that's what I'm saying about being, about being sincere. I truly didn't know what to do. Nah. But like I've never done that type of music. And so I think that God has blessed her too on her journey. 'cause I feel like I probably would've stopped her. Yeah. Yeah. That's real. No, that's definitely real. 'cause I would never thought India or re would be Yeah, I was too. That that kind of threw me off, man. But that's how influential you've been. I mean people just want to be around you. Like we said, I know the show about the end or whatever, but we just really appreciate you even taking time to sit with us. Yeah, yeah. No, I want tell y'all I'm not finished. So if you follow me on my music journey, follow me on this journey with the University of New Orleans.


Changing lives, saving lives, helping our future athletes and student athletes get to where they need to go at. Because we give up on us and I'm not going to give up on us. I'm going to give our culture the blueprint. And I want y'all to know that everybody think they got a lot of time. But Junior Bridgeman played basketball. He died the other day, right? Yes sir. Me and him used to sit down and talk about all the things that we was going to do. I want us not to sit down and do that. I want us to move, make moves. Don't wait till it's too late. And and if you have an idea, bring it to life. 'cause the most treasures are in the grave.


And we gotta stop that because we keep thinking we got so much time. But use our time wisely. Just start now. Whatever ideas you have, whatever business you want to start, go for it and create it and do it. And it's, and there's no limit from there. I did it. You could do it. Most definitely man. Let's make some Lloyd Am Master P one time for the one time. Yeah, The Volume.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. With PayPal you can send money instantly to friends and family when you're trying to go to playoff games, go out to eat Cops in new shoes. Anytime you want to send money to friends, look no further than PayPal. You can instantly send money to friends and without any of the hassle. It's definitely our go-to method of sending money here at five 20. Pay all pals with PayPal, download the app now. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balanced account is required to create a pool.


This podcast is supported by better Help offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone, or chat. Here's better help head of clinical operations. Hes you Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off And you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit better help.com today. That's better. HE p.com.


Welcome to AutoZone. What are you working on today? My car is making this noise. Sometimes it's like, and sometimes it's like, Do you have a dash light on? Oh yeah. And we don't have to listen for clues. With the free Fix finder service, we can read a check engine, a, B, s, or maintenance light to find the likely fix and even recommend a local shop if you need one. So you don't need to hear the Not With Fix Finder free at every auto zone, get In the zone. Auto zone Restrictions apply.


Hey, Janice Torres here and I'm Austin Hankins. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit QuickBooks, Listen to Mind the Business, small Business Success stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.