
Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time, Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page Five, Dirk Four page is a lead. Okay. You Won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we type these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love It. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policy makers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and right at night and after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blues sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports,


The Volume. All right man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells, same gang with me to my left we got my dog, Bishop B, he out the prayer league. How you what? Nasty cool And nasty. Let's get to it baby. I'm glad to be back at work man. For sure man. We been on roll last couple weeks man. Yeah, I miss this space man. Okay. You got the them new food games? Yeah. Shout out to the Foot Locker team man. For sure. Love. You know what I mean? They threw my way Allstar weekend so I had to bring them out For sure man. Shout to the for locker team man. Nice little collab. We did with Balls Live with Frank. Need to. It is up now check that out to my right. My dog Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what?


Yeah, I got them flu games too, but what I got even better is our new merch Turn me up Quality t-shirt. It's actually a quality t-shirt. Usually we could rip our five 20 shirts but this one yeah you cannot rip. Yeah, that's not a wood t-shirt contest tee. Nah man. The old merch was pool party swag only. I fuck with this man. We got the mix it shake it poured, I don't know why but it's still on there. Well it just quality T-shirt man. Five 20 tap in with us. We got the merch up now. Yeah, it's a fire graph. Come we Got some new on the way Shirt man. So available now. Yeah. Shot Club five twenty.com Baby Mech is up Now. Finally y'all, You know we talk our shit about it but finally it's, we back For sure man we going, we going crazy with the me here man.


A lot of collabs. Especially with some locals from the city. We gonna turn it up this year for sure man. See you got the new black toes too Man. This shit's starting to get easy man. Oh okay. If I ain't got, I get it. That's my man like Yo. Shit, They ain't bought a do they somewhere. Huh? They ain't buy a DDE on the way. Hey Man, what A fuck With it? I ain't got it on. They ain't on the way. They probably in the house. Okay. Pretty shoes. You think you got like legit at my house? Yeah, I don't know but like you just throw a wild number. If I had a, if I go to my storage it's in the thousands man.


Couple thousands. Damn. Yeah. When when with the pick of the trailer and the shoes stacked up got posted? I said yeah it is. It is different. Damn. A couple thousand pair of sneakers. That's, that's raw. But I'm really done with it though. I'm finally, I wanted to announce, see I live on the pod, I signed a deal out. Bring my shoes. That ain't the bottle girl we wanted. I'm live, ain't nobody offering me none yet. I was gonna let you get your shit off whatever room. Girl. I was supposed to be an anti athlete. They start, they ain't, You know they ain't hit me back. They fl three already. They called Malcolm too. Yeah, Malcolm supposed to break your shoes.


No, really? I'm really looking at him too like shit what you got? I'm lying man. Trying to sign with jewelry, bread. They ain't fucking with me under a arm percent. No Marcus Top end. Nah for real man. Everybody didn, You know pretty much said know. I mean Dr. Puma athlete Puma already turned You down. They turned me down too. I was begging for the whole podcast. Ain't reach out to me. Shout out to my Under Armour people that was in the Lum hotel with us. Shout to you a gang. He Still, he still won to sign with y'all bro. They, they ain't got back to him. They them some good peoples man. Hey, You know what's funny, a lot of people probably don't know this but when Puma first got their resurgence about I'll say four or five years ago with the basketball shoes and shit, he was one of the first people that reached out to On the low.


They asked me to be a part of the brand. I just had to do some other stuff in my agency but I just didn't do it. Damn. But I could have been a Puma athlete but could have been Aroc Nation athlete too. Could have. But You know things happen in respect I saw now though. You said it That was I, I was still willing to join the game was a wild time Until you trying to get to the brunch. Yeah, I don't think they canceled the last couple years. Yeah he definitely wasn't trying to get to it then If you go back and look at the pictures now it's a little bit wicked for sure We saw shit now he looked at Rock Nation like Payless like nah, I'm cool.


Shit call me I'm yes OG y Hey did Y ever see that? I just seen AC side beat the case. You know the vibe? Yeah. Speaking about shoes, did y'all ever see that shit when they turned that play at playlist store into a fake designer store and had all the people buying that shit bro. Yeah Bro. And they had like, it was a a upscale event with the release of the red carpet fire. How they had the store was crazy. You know how dumb we are People brand new boxes and everything the white people was going but Nanas in there bro. We buy everything man. Yeah bro. 12 heels bro for 1200 we buy hit a league. Y'all see that one dude made that restaurant Upskill Restaurant they just rented outta space and was making Top Roman. Yeah and Top Ramen and was selling it like it's the hottest restaurant everybody was booking.


That's why I be telling y'all everything is about the vibe bro. Bro it's really the vibe. All you gotta do is make it, you don't got the instant juice. It's the vibe bro. All you gotta do is make it seem like it's exclusive. Yep. And people will go get it. You Could sell the illusion because them people, the reviews from the critics was just like some of the best food I've ever had. Exquisite Even The, this isn't a microwave. Motherfuckers was holding them shoes, them heels up. I said They was really examining them shit Still them is Bank Teller heels. Huh? You wildling. That's what I'm saying bro. Like That's just nasty AST nigga who put, all you gotta do Is say this shit is expensive for people gonna buy 'cause they think other people can't get it. Yeah. That showed me how big influence was though right there. Ey Hussle was the first person to make me realize that when he sold his album for a hundred dollars and people was buying it.


Yeah. And like when Ho bought it, like yeah I bought a thousand copies like bam I just got more money than y'all. Yeah. Crazy Flex. Yeah. You know what I mean? But it was just like damn, you could buy a hundred dollar album no problem. Yeah but for you to believe in your product that much as, and it took whole, that little shit right there. It took him to a whole new level. Nipsey was in a whole new realm after that for Sure bro. Independent the strong way getting real money. Oh Yeah. But it's cool man. For sure man. Listen man, a lot of things are taking place me, but first things first be him man we gotta, we gotta make some phone calls, we gotta use our influence bro. We gotta get the Tel back bro. Musk bro. We don't call on you for nothing bro. Please don't please get sent back bro.


We gotta Get the sentel back. The fact that y'all took that down and Steven a it is beef bro. Because I feel like when you got Sentel you start hating. We was on a good three run. You know what mean was gonna celebrate our third year anniversary in July and you, I think you set the pick bro. Nah bro. The must Back. Yes bro. Nobody wants, we need sent Pac back asap. It is a part of basketball bro. Yes bro. It's a part of the journey bro. It's not bro, it's all lies. Nah man, bring the game back man. That's real reporting bro. Yeah, so the Intel needs basketball, league basketball needs intel Bro. So we're working on it man. We're behind the scenes working for that. You Got it. It has to happen bro. For sure.


Goodwill soon. That's crazy because I ain't gonna hold you. I thought that Steve Smith shit was was Intel until we saw Old Boy really crashing out on the phone. Yeah. Oh he, he was, he was lame. Whose wife was that though? Somebody worked for the Ravens. Oh okay. Yeah, That young lady worked for the Ravens and her husband found out that Steve Smith was hooping on his wife and he called that man. Yeah. First of all, I don't know how you respond to it. Find out that your wife is cheating on you but calling the nigga is not the person. Yeah, that was lame. That was disgusting. Yeah, I mean but everybody different bro. You kind of gotta, because I really don't know what you wanna talk about for real. But it's like, come on bro. You cracking my wife like I don't know what he expected Steven to say Take that up with your wife.


He Said I'm sorry. Yeah, definitely. He didn't say shit up for like two minutes. I'm sorry. Yeah, he definitely said I'm Sorry what are you supposed to say to that? No, just don't answer. Don't answer but like yeah, check your wife though. Definitely check your wife. Talk to your wife bro. Because I don't, I'm never coming to no nigga about no lady. That's the, that's nasty word bro. Check the crib. That's what these niggas do every single day. Fucking disgusting. Nah, check the crib but that's trash. It is. It's, it's weird man. Shout to Steve Smith though. You outta pocket. I would like damn, that's what you on. Like I, I wouldn't want nobody to see that. Yeah, I wouldn't want nobody to know. Yeah, he Said everybody gonna make fun of me but he's got more to lose than me.


I'm say God damn. So you lost your family gonna lose yours now? Yeah, he definitely like, That's what he was on. I About to tear some shit up. That's, that's crazy bro. Man don't Steve Smithfield goes through some bullshit that day bro. You did. But it's kind of like bro. Wild though. That's wild. That's wild. The text she was sending him though was so out of pocket. Yeah I didn't even see none of that. I just heard the phone call. Yeah you like you can't even be mad at him. What she saying? Man you just be mad at her. What did she say Ka? I reference one. She said I wish I coulda on it today just to look at your queen phone and see that that nigga said I gotta call this nigga because that bitch ain't never text me that.


Hey what the fuck is up? Yeah, I got a on it today. Oh I didn't know that. Oh it up My police for her up too. Oh it was up? Shit, they got her picture up. Oh she works for the Ravens. Oh damn. Nah don't expose that young lady man. Damn. No she's already exposed. It's yeah it's already up but I wish I today it just one the hitters. It's crazy. That's crazy. She probably at the crib label with this nigga sitting at the C Smith. Is she decent looking? That's her right There. I can't see that far. That just be reminded me of them memes though. When girls be laying down and they be like your husband trying to talk to you but your boyfriend just broke up, made me crying, made me Cry.


That's her. She was smooth. I'm cool. Hell no she smooth Nigga gonna Jose Alvarado. Oh nothing bro. Steve Smith wildly man that's a crazy way to get jailed up though. Oh man. Yeah they was calling her mid but then they were just like the mid ones really be the real killers and then them texts came out they was like damn I damn I don't blame Steve. She was on that type of time. Nah, For real. She was with the fucking mission Texting the nigga Ain't putting the side by side is crazy. Do not put me in the pick stitch for my legend side piece. That's crazy.


That Picture going viral. Him too. The little kid with the red. With the red SC that said that Steve Smith grown up is funny as fuck bro. Damn Smitty. Ooh I know. Them text messages was filthy. That's a little bit more like appealing in Tiger Woods text messages though. I fuck with it bro. Whatever you, I ain't, let's just gimme my phone. I about to say so who, who was worse but it's who was worse between that? Nah and Tiger. No. Oh my nigga. Tiger bro. Yeah, tiger said Cock not Tiger, Tiger. The verse with Ray Allen.


That's the real version right there. The Ray Allen fake dms. I let you do that. I was about Hit Tiger voicemail Ray Allen writing on the TL Demon. Come on man. Get off sugar. Right man we ain't gonna never get him on the show man. Shout out to Ray Allen, man. Legend one of the best shoes of all time for a reason. Niggas, niggas really be all hands bro. Just shit Bro. Tickets On too. Like hey bro we see this, Hey send niggas are demons bro. I'm not on the internet. That's crazy For sure man. Shout to Ray Allen Legend for sure.


But How do you not, this is my thing. How do you not know you're writing on the TL bro Because you are under It's impossible bro. You, you underestimating old niggas in technology bro. You are underestimating It. It's literally you have to click on the envelope bro. But if you ask somebody that You know to go really like use TikTok that don't know how to use that bro. They would get in there and lose that mind bro. Yeah, Because that's you using it. But when you trying to get that off, at least say hi first. Oh no, see, see you see the vibes like where it's going and you're like, oh I'm on a tl. Like she probably responded like what's up you should probably like, hey Oh she's like oh I got one.


Oh I got one. But this live on Subtweeting. That's what we was doing in 2012. Damn. Shout to Subtweet follow back Friday. That was a Different time. Yeah we was Subtweeting on Twitter. That was not A sub that was straight at No we would say some shit and then a motherfucker respond like that type of shit. But come on Ray. Right. I wouldn't, I wasn't hit today game. Yeah you wouldn't. Nah I ain't never been a tweet. Nah. Yeah That I, I keep telling them on Twitter, that Teague o page is done. It is never coming back y'all. Nah, you legit famous on Twitter though. Like it is crazy bro. Nah for real like no cap bro. If you had one, if you just did like a day like HOV did and Kobe did bro, that bitch will go up. I ain't gonna lie to you.


Come on. We gotta get the campaign for real Bro. TI think I think you should do it bro. Just one time. Let us know the Cool, I heard you had to pay to be on Twitter or something. Nah, we We good man. Figure it out. Show. I know You know I got you. I Know who about to get off Twitter. Paul George? Yeah what he doing? He said he shutting down a pod man. Oh I Thought he did something on Twitter. Oh yeah, He shutting down the pod man to focus on getting to the championship. Yeah that was probably a bad quote. He said that wrong was like I'm gonna focus so we can work towards getting to a championship in the future. Exactly. Because I hope he wasn't talking about this year. He sounded real frustrated but I'm like yeah that's a bad vibe. Yeah they probably been tearing Paul.


They probably been killing him. That's a bad city to be in bro. We talked about this bro, to be Doing podcasting and shit Now I wonder, you talked about this, about the contracts about stuff gonna switch up. I wonder at some point, and we talked about this maybe, but freedom of speech whatever. If they gonna be like hey that active player should dead on my team. You wanna come be on my team? Cool, I'm gonna pay you this max deal but ain't no podcasting while you here.


Who's scoring big at a BA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props, money lines, you name it, DraftKings got it all. New customers, now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus. Best easily take us to the record to draftking Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today, use Code Club five 20. Yes that's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets with just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See d kng dot coast slash audio.


Yo what's going on? It's DJ Ws again from Club five 20. I'm here to tell you about men though. Listen, we know everybody likes to go out. Have a good time, especially date night you try and get fresh, get your hair, cut your car ready but be here. What's the non-negotiable? Nah for sure it's that deodorant and it's more you can use it more than under your orange man. Use it for your feet, under your knees, under your ball sack. Ladies under the ties and around your neck area too so Come on man. Man though, got you covered man. They gonna keep you clean, keep you dry. They got a lot of products for you to Choose from and also you get a little bit of something special if you miss a club five 20 When you make your first purchase from Mando, make sure you support the podcast. Use that promo code Club five 20 for new users. Your first starter pack, you get $5 off mention to us. So make sure you tap in shop mando.com Club five 20


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live for All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Hero. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page Five Dirk Ford Page is elite. Okay, okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the the list as not just a shooter but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I really Just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, there's shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys, I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet and I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing. I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from karting to nascar, even Formula One, Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut and we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to throttle therapy with Catherine Leg, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Nah, he ain't even do nothing wrong. His podcast is smooth. He be talking about regular shit. Yeah it is just people going kill you every time like you not doing shit on the court. Why are you on here talking to people? You need to, it's damn near distraction. Yeah like you need to, it just too much. Like he too much Paul George is gone. Arguably Mike probably make the hall of Fame or some shit. Yeah, for sure. He a superstar but people, he got paid a lot of money. People going go at him anyway but now you giving him more ammo by going to talk about shit. Shit and You know playing good. I know that shit was, well I know his family probably was getting all type of slander and shit.


Well as soon as that click came out after the end of the white episode that said run it from the grind said nah nigga come, come, come on pop through the pressure bro. He let Esquire down man. He Let Esquire down, Let Esquire down. Man. Jackie was just getting into his pod rhythm too man. They had a good thing going because once you hop, once you hop out bro, it's kinda hard to hop back in bro. That nigga fed. Hey Fal in background. Crazy. I'm over my got Zoom dude. Alright we go turn. Yeah Tell him you need a raise one way or another nigga Camera get them last four man. We get the rest for Yeah we got, we got the social already. We good. Yeah, for sure.


He out of pocket for ankle socks on anyway. Mel get his all his info. He do got Ankle socks On nigga that is he practicing? I talked to National are called Quarter Socks. Second of all, I just left the gym boy. There ain't no quarters. Where do you work out at? At your gym. Oh yeah. Shouts that plug me a little bit. You a Platinum Fitness vibe so that's good. You at the Teague factory. The fuck you can't wear the bus down there and play fitness. Yeah he is. They Gonna go all in that locker. Them niggas eat Tootsie Rolls when they work out. Boy, they're Ready digitally Purple ones. Those are fruit guys. We your old hands called them too. Roll. Be technical about those called fruity rolls outta pocket too.


Oh God. Both of those names are very questionable. Shit. That's crazy. But you think that's gonna affect any of the player pods going forward player? Nah, hell no. Don't give a fuck about him. If he playing they don't bro. Nah, they, if he was playing well it would've been smoked. Yeah. Like Dre Martin and them got they shit going. Lonzo. But Lonzo said it kind of too though. Yeah He had lock back in. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta lock back in. Well it's different. I, its two, you can't be yourself really on a podcast right now when you playing because you got too much to worry about. Like you still, like even when we did the Hawks podcast, you can't speak on active players on the team and stuff. Yeah you got too much branding. You gotta represent like not even with yourself.


Just like with the whole organization. Yeah. So you can't even be yourself like that's true bro. You know what I mean? That's tough though man. I, I don't know. I really enjoy his pod. Yeah because if he, I think he probably should have went the route to Draymond though. He should have did every game. But he don't got that personality though. Nah, why you wanna do every game and you ain't having a good moment but Draymond did it. Yeah, but Draymond situations though, well Draymond situation, Adam won three championship, four championships, whatever it is and he, well he Draymond a real analyst too. Yeah. And I won four championships, that's the more and I already talk shit all the time.


Yeah Draymond sns, his coworker IPod. Yeah. And whatever I do on the court is just always a plus. Like if I get 10 points it is like I had a good game Paul George get 10 points. They're like what the fuck is he doing? Niggas are sick. He expected way more out. You right. Yeah his row, they rows are different. So yeah Nobody is mad at Dre mouth from not covering their parlay. If PG hits that they're over on them niggas are upset. Yeah. Damn man I think they gonna shake it back though. Nah, they got a good product so I don't. Oh yeah, for sure. That'll be cool now the Sixers. Yeah they're not shaking. They're not shaking shit but to Cancun. Yeah. Yeah this year. I don't know what he was on. I think you should have just shut it down after the season bro.


Should've just kept Podding bro. Because I mean stop pressure bro. Ain't I'm saying they ain't doing nothing bro. Y'all po. So the championship aspirations, we don't even know what Joelle and B's finna do. So I would've just sat down. I I probably, you shouldn't have said nothing Announcing on the pod too. I'll be out for the rest of the season. That'd be far. You know we all gonna just be out for the rest of the season. Yeah. Give us some real news bro. Don't do that bro. Because now you made it like a joke. Did not, niggas couldn't wait to talk about this like what you on Phil, but championship is crazy bro. When they put the podcast episodes and then shots made, I said all right niggas getting outta pocket. That's the problem. Gonna play for Philly bro.


They fans don't give a shit. Facts. Damn man. Give well soon. Podcast speed man. I love they show too. I guess it's, it's hard though. I still think the young guns are still gonna do it though. It's a lot of young guns trying to start they pos up. Most definitely for sure. I don't care. Just tough man. You know being an active player bro. Tough. Oh man. Oh damn. Excuse us. My fault. My fault. We must gotta go home Barbie. Damn. What they got you in check? Come on in here Barbie. We forgot about you.


What's happening? Had a barbecue since eight 30. I ain't, I ain't gonna lie, I ain't seen no motherfucking no valori outfit since motherfucker. Snap your fingers do your stick Mother ju you can Do it all. Lemme see you. It Juicy Cou. Okay. A piece Shit. Urban House Fitters. Actually I'm not even, Oh shout out to the Boost. Oh my God. If you paid a from the Boots you was out pocket, he gotta cut you some rice. It's a hundred a a piece thing. I paid hundred. I respect, respect what we got today. I forgot the name of it. I've been sitting out there So damn long. The Juicy Couture.


There we go. The Juicy. The juicy. That second named Juicy. Hey Juicy. What's wrong with her? Do You tell us about, tell us us about Detroit event for weekend. I Oh yeah. Bar we talk about sports. No, no. Barbara's in here Experience this weekend. Weekend. Listen the Outfit like I'm lie. Which y'all Urban Outfitters. There we go. Okay I I promise they sell juice guitar at TJ Maxx. Oh they probably Do though. No they do for sure. Honestly you can get a purse and an outfit. Yeah they sell That kind of shit For one 20 nigga for less For the Oh my soul. Oh. Mike can grab his mic. What you about to sell? Hey yo. It says 39 point 99 on my soul you can go to the, you give a 39 99.


On my soul. The booster Got you booster you with a ment booster. Got you. That's crazy Mike. You Ain't shit. Y'all never talk. What? That must be some different Valo Barbie. Everybody the Girls. That must be the kind that could get wet because no motherfuckers is $40 a piece. For sure. Y'all Barbie get right though. That motherfucker gonna fall off. She got a a motherfucking valo repelling outfit. You Said the shame got away. So what you do this weekend boy? How was a how to Hendricks experience? It was, it was lit. Shout out to my nigga for pulling up on me and her friends for sure. Shout out to the game. Low Up on my knees in the middle of 38th Street, which Is, excuse me.


Yes, please recap your night ma'am. Yeah, I don't know what the fuck happened. I don't know What happened. She was so drunk. Y'all, we leaving the club. I shut it down. Hendrick experience is done. Everybody gets home. Thank you for coming. Shout to my boy twin. I'm sorry bro. I'm gonna tip the hell out you the next time because she gets outside. Oh I like police officers. Throw a leg on a trunk. I don't even like police Officers. She twerked. Well you love snitches that day. Put her leg on the trunk was shaking that motherfucking up. Oh real police officers? Yes and them leather shorts. She had on some leather biker shorts. I Had biker fucking On Came around the through the front door started twerking on my nigga.


For real. This is after the club did not happen. Swart to I blacked out so I don't know but this is insane. I don't even like police Officers. Pissy drunk, Not pissy throwing Up drunk. No you, you was pissy drunk for sure. So you went from checking ass on a cop to the middle of 38th street. That is a hell of a transition. And I Lost a boot. You lost a boot. Damn. My Boots was this damn big And it had to be a nigga with some goals out there. Thank you. Thank you. Go. Hey shout out to Jerome. She was in good hands to my party.


It's textile lock king. Oh shit. Shout out to the Hendrick experience man. How many people had to turn away man? Little over 200 bro. Come on man. Shout out to the brand man. I Appreciate the sport of my city for sure. Yeah, facts man. All the ladies that bought tables, I love y'all a hundred percent man. I seen you recently on podcast man. I was scrolling through Instagram man. I see this nigga pop up talking about the creation of five 20 and rental houses and all type of shit. I said look at this nigga. Come on. Yeah shout out to my guys Mos and the Macon TO Shout out to t and o the homies I did they pod, they was You know, trying to highlight, highlight me and us and shit like that.


But I wanted them to get a game on a real estate because I told them to me just somebody who's not in a real estate world, it's always looked at as like a pyramid scheme. Nobody ever get to hear about the negative shit that happens when you really buy homes and when you really rent out houses and have shitty tenants. Like I wanted to hear that side of the world. Yeah. So I know y'all own houses and rent shit out too. I know it ain't always green. Mike had a thousand dollars water bill. Motherfucker moved out on him, lifted water running. So I wanted to hear stories like that. I was gonna say for the people who don't know this freak Mike, if you would be so kind to please tell the story.


No, He oh he still got an attitude about it. Oh he still Know. I'm saying that's just Because I was one month she moved out and like the damn, You know how you gotta jiggle the the toilet sometimes. I'm not a slim lord YI just ain't rehab this property because it's a duplex. I want to do the whole thing at one same time. Yeah. Once I wasn't ready. Alright anyway, she moves out, she's like I'm gonna move out in two weeks. We all good. I don't go check on the property 'cause I got surgery, remember I had the bunion and all the other shit. I'm a foot. I don't go on the One the same. It's the same foot you trying to get an ankle on? No I'm getting an ankle on the left side. Oh okay. Alright so Switch Hos. Yeah. Facts. No wait, He said facts.


Yeah because I think the right side of you just got a right earring Left is right and right is wrong. Anyway, Respect. I swear to God I didn't say that shit back to the story Back anyway. So she moved out and I don't go there for like seven weeks and then I get my, the the water bill 'cause switch over my name and it is $847. Damn. And you kind of just gotta, you Gotta eat that. You gotta eat for sure. Yeah. Damn. So we was just highlighting. I'm like bro, everybody always talking about yeah you don't need no money to buy a house man you can flip it and put 10,000 and you get $200,000 return. I'm like bro tell the real shit. I will Say like that's that's real. Yeah But I'm saying it's other people. It's the Downside of the but shit can go wrong too.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah most definitely. So that's why I just wanted to get fully educated about everything about real estate and shit like that. So M in the making shout out to y'all. Appreciate you having me on. For sure. For sure man. Shout out to the gang. I wanna ask you, I felt about this, I've been seeing a lot on Twitter people talking about having property owner property just like one thing. The black community we don't do enough of that is like putting our money together to be in the same spot that like people who don't wanna live together but like if you have certain opportunities where people could go in and get properties and pass 'em to the family. Like what happened with grandma and auntie and 'em, they used to have houses but as we've gotten older that shit ain't the same. But that shit out the family. That's something we should probably look more into as we get older. Mike, This ain't no damn m in the making podcast.


Come on. Learn something nigga. I don't wanna start preaching either but either which way all I'm gonna say is I think generational wealth is key. I think real estate is a key to that generational wealth and yeah we should all own something because they can make no more land than there already is. I don't care if it's a duplex, a triplex, a single family home or a trap house. Own it because even if you renting, you paying somebody's mortgage, you might as well pay your home. Yeah Most definitely. I like that. Tap in for Sure man. Learn Yourself. My a house for me helped me get my ankle bracelet 'cause clearly Club five 20 don't pay me though. Damn. Yeah my house for you. The only thing I like about if you, this is just me.


If you're a renter you don't gotta pay property tax. Yeah. Yeah. And a lot of people don't realize that you can own a home but you really don't own it. If you don pay your property tax you Really rent From the government. Yeah. You really never own nothing. Facts. Yeah because you gotta pay property tax. So if you just like yeah I bought this motherfucker and just I'm never gonna pay property tax. They gonna be owning it in a little in a year. That's how I originally got into real estate. Not to make a long story short, my daddy didn't pay property taxes on the property and he lost it and I tried to buy it from him from $8,000 and he told me no and ended up losing to the state. Yeah. And that's how I bought my first property. Yeah. Damn that's shit serious bro. When, especially when we talked, when we at that store you told me how much your property taxes was at the old crib.


Yeah. I said yeah No that's stupid. Yeah. Damn I don't even want this house. Lemme go ahead and sell. I got seven houses that don't equate to that one property. Yeah. Alright. Fuck y'all nigga. Look everybody makes decisions. I was, I'm very comfortable in my life at that time. Nah, facts bro. I'm just saying when you said that number it was like I have to pay that. It ain't ain't my house no more. I bought houses Cheaper than his property tax people. That's Crazy Nigga. Okay. I'm had a big house talking shit. I, it was only me, my wife and Orion I have downsized 'cause I thought we was gonna have more people running around.


I could send my Kid to college for a semester with your one tax bill. No boy. This is for the year. I gonna say you could Damn near I could have nice college nigga Ain No more RRP five 20 Man. Yeah. No y'all said y'all wanted to get a people more game. About five 20 twenty's no more. It's still, it is still questionable though. I still look at me like damn Damn man get well soon For sure. Hey somebody on Twitter brought this up and I didn't even really think about this. I wanna see how y'all felt about it. They talk about Nico, the GM or the Mavs. They was just like he really low key is the symbolist for the NBA because he gave Luca to the Lakers, he got Jalen Brunson to the Knicks and he gave KP to the Celtics.


Damn did he? Yeah. Oh wow. Yeah. Damn I ain't know all that. I don't. He just a bad decision maker. Yeah, facts though. Facts because you helped Is he an industry player? Low because them all, all them players made a big difference to their next franchisees. The Nick stops Bro. He got the Knicks back lick, he got the sales 60 championship and ain't no telling what his leg was about to be. Damn. He fucking up the Monopoly board for sure. I mean he got Kyrie in Dallas though for Kenny on the dollar. He Got 80 in return.


But I'm like you gave away a lot though bro. Not really. If you can say I got AD and Kyrie for Jalen Brunson and well you got Kyrie for Jalen Brunson and Kyrie Pingus. Right. Basically is Jalen Brunson better than Kyrie right now? No. On any, I swear to God, on any given day, if you put Kyrie Irvin in a New York Knick in a uniform, do You know how lit the garden's gonna fucking be? It'll be the biggest shit ever. Big. What? It'll be bigger than mellow. Bigger than it'd be the biggest bro. Paul. So he Yeah bro. That first 40 point game garden bro. Bro, Niggas gonna lose that mind bro. What? They wouldn't even be close bro.


That's why when they went to Brooklyn I was like ugh, go to the Knicks bro. They would've turned that city up man. I know bro. And to know that that was partially the play in the beginning makes it even worse. Yeah it was. But I just felt like with them in Brooklyn we had hot hopes on them like we do the Suns. I just didn't ever, the vibe was never there. Like we knew they was good with Jimmy Horton too. Yeah man. But I'm saying like I'm talking about as far as the game, like the city, like I love Brooklyn Arena is fire to me like playing there. It ain't nothing like the Knicks bro. Facts. They like second fiddle bro.


They had all them niggas in the Knicks too. No, they The Clippers. Yeah, to the Lakers. That's a fact. They are. The Knicks was popping bro. I'm like if they would've did that shit in the garden every night man. And they talk about that owner like a dog. 'cause if you look at the All-Star game and shit where they all sit next to each other. It's like this is 2025 and they're all Allstars again and you, Denver acted like everybody on that team was Shop Liver outside of kd. Yeah everybody was talking shit like Kyrie wasn't gonna be shit no more 'cause he didn't wanna get a vaccine. James Harden had the quote unquote fat suit like they was white. They wrote all them off bro. And they're all the Allstar game for sure. That's crazy. Nah. Yeah that was, they was supposed to run that back though because they would've, they would've had a deeper run. Nobody got hurt.


That's A fact. Yeah. Damn. I you right though Kyrie in Nick's uniform is it is a, it's a different vibe. Like right now you may, if you trade Jalen Brunson back to the Knicks for Kyrie Irving, nobody, nobody would be mad in New York. Not one person would be like, what are we doing? They'd be like, oh we got Kyrie, We get to watch this bro. Every single night Bro. What's the age difference though? I mean he older. He definitely Older but I'm just saying as far as games, nobody is gonna be mad. Kyrie's more of a vibe than Jalen bro. Yeah. And he from that area, area, that area. Yeah we from Jersey. He a Jersey kid. Yeah. And and he fit that dynamic of the culture. You were, you were n one nigga that made it basically what you were what Ray Frost was supposed to be type shit like oh me and the guard Stefan Marberry.


Even though Jalen Brunson killed in the garden the way Kyrie gonna make it look in the garden. Yeah. And with that squad you give Kyrie Kat OG Mikel That right. Oh I give him a squad. It's Oh it's, it's up. I was just saying if you send Kyrie there with nobody, it was kind of be like it just, oh he gonna put on show regardless. It'll be a Trey Young type shit. He'll still put on a show though. Like everybody would go to the game and be happy. Like not saying like Jalen Brunson put on shows too. I ain't saying it but the way Kyrie play it, it is different. It's just different. It's more of a movie and not even saying Kyrie just don't play the game. Rally jelly and bro it just more exciting bro. Yeah. Facts bro. Like my jersey look better. Anything dope bro. I ain't over here.


What they say glazing, I ain't glazing Kyrie but like the way he move and play play, it's just way more exciting. They probably the same level of player, like how effective they are on the game. And that's what I was asking with like he can get 27 a night like Kyrie get 27 a night. Yeah. They just go about it a different way. Chop it up different. Yeah. In the way Kyrie go about it's more entertaining for a place that wanna be a show. It's a show when you go to New York. Yeah the garden they put on shows and Kyrie puts on the show for sure. Just in a different way. Yeah. The way that Kyrie plays basketball is unmatched Bias is my favorite player but nobody plays basketball like Kyrie ever bro. Yeah. But they was talking about some potential situations.


Obviously we all know KD leaving in the off season. How would y'all feel if KD somehow got to Dallas? If he get to Dallas, then Nico the coach, he the goat then we talking about 'em different. He get Kyrie ad and KD on the same team. What are we talking about? Yeah I traded Luca for that. Yeah And that's dangerous. Yeah. Nobody mad. Dallas is back up. Need go, need go. They Get a resort. What the love is back. I don't know though what the love is back. The love is back. But I'm saying the team is the team like what are we doing? Yeah. Like what are we doing with the team though?


Is a team like is it another son situation for real though? Nah, You got better players. Actual team is It is a natural fit. You got a small four a path for a point guard And you already got bigs, you're probably happy to get one of 'em up. Yeah you Probably gotta give up Lively. Lively Gafford is still be there for you. You probably give up PJ Washington but you can pit some other guys around to fit in. Christie probably gotta go. Yeah. Boys just gotta be healthy though And that is just fine. Yeah but if that's healthy, that's a more natural team than the sons. Yeah. Yeah because everybody feel voice differently. Imagine It's true. Imagine the three through five of KD ad and Gifford.


That's tough. That is Are they could, could they beat the Celtics? Yeah, I mean they could. I mean it's a hell of a series. They healthy. It'd be it's a hell series. Hell series. Both teams healthy. That's that's a good series. That's a hell of a series. That's a hell of a Series. I think that's seven. Yeah. I don't think KD going there though, but Oh yeah, I doubt. I'm saying if It was, would that be, that'd be seven to y'all. Celtics is just bro that If you line 'em up bro it is ugly. I mean you got Drew and Kyrie obviously You know how that goes now that that two guard, I don't know who would be the two for that Dallas team in that situation. Probably really don't matter where Derrick White, he might have the edge. But if you go across, I mean obviously kd, JT J t's younger but still it's gonna be tough ad JB that's tough.


I'll take ad if both healthy gimme ad over Jalen Brown, that's, that's not even a match. That's A tough cover for JB and vice versa as well. That'd Be ain't gonna be guard. Yeah, that'd bega though. It's Christmas. Jaylen Brown will be garden KD through holiday be Garden. I'm still taking the Celtics. I my mama on me. That's why they're Just such a complete team Bro. I'm still taking the Celtics.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live for All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their era And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands page Of five. Dirk four page Is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love It. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly neighborhood country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, they're shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shaking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys, I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet and I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events starting at the Indy 500. Join me as a travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing. I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from karting to nascar, even Formula One, Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut and we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women Sports.


So I asked like and that's fire. That's the, that's the real big three Kyrie ad and kd. Woo. I'm taking, it's only gonna Be for one or two years max, but boy they'll make it work. Yeah, I'll take the Celtics still. I wonder what youngsters gonna end up doing that like on some Bradley Bill d book and KD type shit. You talking about like some young guns linking up that Yeah, eventually link up. I feel like they, they all alphas now. Nah, it ain't even that. It's just the money. The New contracts gonna fuck up up New contracts. Can't fuck it up. Like why would you leave? Like why would Anthony Edwards leave when he can get a supermax? Like who he gonna link up with?


I don't know. He ain't the link up type of dude. I don't think him and J's a link up type of dudes. Donovan Mitchell, he Shane ain't either though. The only dudes, it was like a group right before them that was link up type of guys like Bam, Kad that group right before. Yeah they was link up type of guys. That group after them they they a different way. They yns. Yeah it's my shit. Yeah They on that type of Anthony Edwards bro. This is my organization. That's why the league might be in good hands though because it's probably more spread out. They more competitive than the group that was before. I agree that that group of stars that was before Ja around now. Yeah, ba and them is definitely in that middle.


Like him I could join bro. We could bring Au swag back. Anthony Edwards, Ja Morran. They more like, nah nigga we gone. I'm rocking up. They damn near Dame Lillard. How Dame Lier was in Portland for a long time. That's My shit. Yeah Before He, You know what I mean? Of course he's with the bucks now but he was on that for a long time. Like I don't wanna leave. We straight. Yeah we'll figure it out. But I was just wondering like damn. But y'all said the money will fuck it up so nevermind. I guess. I mean 'cause you can't turn down the money like you gonna be like nah I'm gonna go take for it. Somebody might man, Somebody probably will. But also all the people we're talking about in quote unquote small markets so them places is Denver kind of hard to do that, to get another young star from another team.


That's gonna be Tough. You know how I feel about that. Stay down. I wanna be the man. I wanna be the man. I don't want it's me. I want all the records, I want all the money. We'll figure it out. I'm Trey Young, I ain't never leaving Atlanta. Y'all gotta get rid of me straight up so they ain't gotta push you out for you to gotta get rid of me. At the end of the day, only one team winner a year. You shitty. If you go to a team, you Bradley Bill right now you're pissed. You left Washington. I was the man. I was averaging 30. But you don't feel like they be thinking like they legacy on the line. What it look like now?


No shake to brag. He still rich as fuck. Yeah, still. But now you in the sons and niggas is questioning if you Nice. That's true and true. We know you cold man. I would've stayed in Washington. Been doing what Jordan Pool doing. Averaging 35, Not giving A shit. Trying to break records. I was just trying to think of what young, 'cause that d Aaron Fox and that Wendy, I'm like damn if they got one more youngin they might be the new big three. That's raw though. They team raw. But he did it a a a right way. Like Perfect timing. Sacramento wasn't his shit. It was always questions if it was his shit they draft? I think so. Yes. Yeah, they draft guards every year.


If it's my shit, it ain't no question. You not drafting my position. Nah, never. It's my shit. There's no reason that you should be having a proven star. He proved after his rookie year he was good enough. Yeah. For you to go get Holly and Davion crazy. Yeah, like What y'all getting two point guards for? Even though y'all shipped them out. Y'all questioned me like this ain't I, this ain't really my shit. It was questions about it but now he goes to San Antonio. It is definitely not his shit. Yeah, that's cool. It's a, now it's a joint venture like I already was in a rocky place but now I'm lit so he cool with being robbing 'cause Wendy's the next Yeah I'll be, I'll be robbing to the next generational player. I won't be robbing to Dicho. Saboni.


Alright. Weby I got, I don't have a choice but it's one of the greatest players ever. I, I'm cool with that. I can live with that. I can't live with y it can be low key robbing to Dicho Saboni and then still not getting stuff for us to compete. But do Y'all think somebody else will join now In San Antonio? They gonna need one more piece. Yeah, I Think so bro. I think they gonna get somebody that's a little older. Sha Yvette. Yeah like somebody who was still a aging star. They Need an Andre Igual type situation. Yeah they gonna get like an aging star like who's a younger older guy. Like a Mikel Bridges type. Yeah, but somebody a little more famous than that. Like no shade to Mikel but like a guy who was like a Paul George type of guy.


Not Paul George Like damn he a star but he was just aging a little bit. Somebody in they 30 ones. 30 twos. That was still need like a damn. I'm trying to scroll through teams to think who could fit in that situation. Who's probably flexible enough because They're a year or two away. Yeah. So like you, like you said it could be a Mike Ke Brown or a wing that's just got a little older still nice though. Mm Yeah but I mean like you said you got D Fox you got with me. That's people pull it up Bro. Like if Jimmy Butler would've went there right now, they was two years away. I got, You know what I mean? Yeah That'd be a hell of a team deal. That'd Be fire. 'cause Chris Paul damned near too old. Yeah he a little too old. He damned on his alonza morning swag with them.


For sure bro. It's not like he not like niggas In Miami. He's though he Supposed team with Shaq. Nah but I'm saying he's like you love Chris Paul and Zero but he just there to get a game. Yeah it is different now bro. CP was so elite still elite but it's just You took contributing for sure. Niggas is trying them old niggas now bro. It is like bro we get it. You cold but you step out here on this floor. Yeah bro. It's your ass. I seen him and KD arguing in one game. You know I know you nigga. You don't know me. Yeah. I was like damn, it's too old niggas going at it too. Just competitive.


Just too old. Niggas yelling at CP ain't but I think he keep that spirit in a that that young like competitive. He always gonna be young in that sense but play, he ain't about to guard Ja. We sha guiding you bro. Oh yeah it is ugly Guard. Get out the way bro. Guard niggas. It's probably over CP de near 40. Yeah we don't expect you but I'm saying CP used to be Elite. Oh definitely. You know what I'm saying? It is just, it is. It is just quiet. I, I mean so is crazy but I'm saying damn near though. Hey hey getting older. It's undefeated bro. You can't follow time. Don't catch us off. That's why I was trying to think too. I was like damn, You know LeBron is still playing at a high level but what other player that had a long career still killed at a old age.


Like I'm trying to think like who was 37? I was like oh 36 is a bunch of niggas killed at 30, 36 30 killed at 36 because Brian's just 40. Just 40 is crazy. Yeah but I'm saying but I'm saying it's close you we 37 bro. We 40 is 40. He Went straight to The league too nigga. Everybody in the league damn near 36 still killing Steph. 36. Oh they are our age Russ. 35, 36 KD 36. Yeah. So you think they still can play like that at 40 k Steph Curry be Steph Curry at 40. I don't know. That's A lot to ask. Can KD be KD at 40 Healthy? Yeah. Yes KD at 40 but his, the way he scored different. Steph gonna have to run off them screens at 40.


That's a lot to fucking ass bro. I don't know if in four years I don't think Steph would be same Steph Curt. Well Steph wanna play basketball in four Years because I think James Hart could still be James Hart at 40. Nah because he transitioned his game bro. Yeah but he a dominant ball handler like he still gotta create that space four years from now. He not gonna be creating that space bro. Bro He already went to a team where he was supposed to be able to scale back bro. Now he back doing all this responsibility again. Bro we can't ask James hard to do this for you. I'm Not asking him but you, I'm tell you I think he capable bro. I don't think he gonna be able to do that. Like Steph Curry a shooter. He already don't get by people like he used to. He's still cold. I was Finn to say somebody's name but we ain't doing that.


Yeah respect. Alright let's move on. I dunno what he about to say. Nah but I but I was thinking about somebody like who play like a old man but still kind of you damn near affected but you can't get nobody by nobody. Okay. Like we need you but so I see what you're saying but I think his game bro is kind of like James Harden just like Russell Westbrook bro. Russell Westbrook's still gonna be effective at 40. Hell no it ain't even no shade to Russ but his game is backs off athleticism. I don't know if he gonna still be moving that like that in four years. Yeah Bro he would be honored to get full time bro. In 45. Like 40 bro they body in tip top shape bro. These quartering them bro different bro. They gotta chase 20 Year olds bro.


We got, listen we got the best generation of basketball players bro. We do but at 40 bro I just don't know if Russell Westbrook Brian kicked it off. I don't know if Russell gone. They don't deal with that bro. And I I hope they moving like that at 40. I'll be like hats off to them but I just don't see in four years Russell Westbrook still going up there getting offensive rebounds in four years. That's a lot to add. Two years like the generation before us like I don't think Steve Francis and them would've been still, you feel me? They were still rocking like no Katie and them bd, they weren't rocking like Gilbert Shit was different bro. Our generation is James Harden, these niggas is our age bro. We 36, 37 bro. We old bro.


Three years is a long time. I get outta that but these niggas can still play bro. I'm not saying they can't still play but you just adding more. Can't write everybody off. I'm not. I'm saying you adding two more years of miles on they body like they playing at high levels right now. So niggas is averaging let's say, I don't know what 24, 25 Take James Harden, Stephan Curry, kd. What's one more name? That's our age that's still in that high class. DeMar Rosa. DeMar de Rosa. So do they go from 25 to 26 a game or really 23 to 22 a game to like 16. Y'all see these niggas averaging 16 and at 40. I don't even know if some of them niggas won't even play Where they at a point where they Yeah Steph cur averaging 20 at 40.


I don't know bro. I don't even know if them niggas want to average. You know hard. You know how full court pressing these young niggas gonna be on Steph Curry when he 40 they gonna have a chance to cut a gun. Hey you cut off t-shirt on these niggas if they 40 man what bro Blitz nigga what all mix tapes bro? Steph Curry at 40. We blitzed Curry at 40 and four years. We are Hey you no help. You got 'em like you don't even know you 40. Yeah bro. In four years bro. It's a nigga at my part right now that's ready to quit. We all gonna be 37 this year bro. Them niggas my age. We all graduated the same year. I'm saying 40 bro. It is gonna be tough bro. Running off them screens bro. Steph cur damn gonna be Rip Hamilton bro.


Bro. He's not running off no screen at 40 Beat you Don even You know you wanna be an arm bro. I I'm telling y'all bro he don't even be running like that Really no more like not crazy right now like but You know how we was kind of sleep on. We was like damn it's kind of sad to see Steph Curry get 18. We was doing five 20 in the morning then that nigga get you 30. You like damn I mean he still goat, he is still a goat so he 36. He probably can still have moments where he, he still in good shape right now. I just think as good as LeBron is at 44 4 years from now we got niggas two That's our age that can go LeBron is, I think that's unreal bro. I'm not comparing him to him. LeBron's not normal bro. Nobody weighs that much and can move that fast.


No. Yeah I'm saying so he had too much of an advantage already. Like at 18 he was two 40. Yeah bro moving. He's not like he's almost fate bro. I'm not. No like look at Kobe you a hundred percent right. Kobe got to like 38. That's the generation I'm talking about. That's the Tmax, the Steve Francis the bds. But we thought Kobe was like that kg the Ray Allen, the Paul Pierce like when them niggas was like old like that it was kind of like damn when them niggas played up for the Brooklyn X bro it was kind of like We was disappointed. Fuck But that's gonna be everybody bro. That's father time bro. I think we got a better lineage of players than them niggas bro.


That Might be true bro. Like saying for Real But I think both your points is correct. We them niggas going Crazy nigga K better than them niggas bro. Yeah but I'm just saying you asking four years bro. Two is a lot to ask at 36 bro. Four years nigga I'm gonna be bald nigga. I might have a gut bro. Yeah we built like you built like me with a bald head bro. Paula might divorce you. I swear to God I'll never be built like that. I refuse bro. Bro hold on you was about to make me tap in I that nigga bro because you have no choice to be built like your daddy with a bald head. I swear to God I be and you don't got no facial hair and Paula she's leaving you bro.


You can't walk out me a middle like me here. You can't, you can't swag like me around the, you can't just walk around in your drawers like me bro. Shout out to coach D Man. I dunno how he gonna put around that Either. He had a pocket. Hey Moving On I out. This is interesting since January 1st, 2020 the most buckets in the NBA Jason Tatum. That's crazy that JT has the accomplishment that he's had so far. And then like I seen them talking about today they was just like it's crazy how Shaa is getting all this praise but he hasn't done half the things that Jason Tatum been done in this league. Is There gonna get to a point to where JT gonna get his respect finally do he gotta repeat to get it? I mean I feel you but it just, it's too easy to joke on JT is that why even it's just Shay has a team that people didn't expect to be that good because they were so young.


He has them playing at such a high level that you gotta respect it bro. But does that, is it fair enough that they kind of keep skipping over? JT has a face of The league. It's not fair. It is just when you accomplish so much so early motherfuckers look at you like that's what he supposed to do. He been doing that. Yeah they ain't respect it like bro just said just become normal. Like we yo is having a year. That's crazy. We just like yo real. No it's no dish to jt. Like I understand just come with just being great early. Yeah Shay had low expectations coming into the league bro. He learned the game. Pat, Bev and them then he left them got his own team, then he turned some youngsters up.


JT done had that journey. JT had, JT had instant success bro. Yeah so that's that's the curse behind that shit. Damn. So yeah I feel like he gonna get his just dude people that like Jeff and them, his colleagues and people who really respect the game like give him this love. But it is just the media. I mean everybody know he great. Yeah but it's just like you gotta have Like when we, when Kobe before I don't like to talk about that. Before Kobe got in in trouble. Yeah we didn't connect with Kobe. Nobody connected with him like you knew Kobe. He was a young kid. It was exciting. He did a dunk contest. Yeah but you ain't really had no connection with him. And then once he went through some shit and he came and was like I'm gonna be a villain.


Kind of like fuck it, I'm gonna tap in. People don't like me. You could relate to that shit. It was more like ah damn my back against the wall. Ain't nobody fucking with me. I'm gonna fight outta this shit. And people start liking him. Yeah. And then as his years went on we grew a connection with Kobe 'cause you felt like you grew with him. Like damn I remember when he was this kid then I remember when he turned the fuck up and now You know once he passed we That's A bad time. I said once he passes in bull Go be in the studio. Just talk Nice. Nah you right though bro. Yo.


How did you do that? Like you plug me up bro. Yo. Wow that's crazy. We can end the show now dj. Yeah I like how you just snatch it outta my head. Yeah the show it's Getting worse though. It's not getting better. Nah but he gotta do something to make us connect with him though. Damn. And I ain't saying he gotta get in trouble. I'm just saying he gotta be people gotta believe him. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like we started to believe Kobe like that nigga might really be angry like he really going for 80 on everybody. Like he don't give a fuck We had, we believed it. Yeah nigga start really tapping into Kobe after that.


Yeah I don't know if people believed that. Jt I believe it when I watch him I know him. I've been around him so it's different for me. I'm like yeah he wouldn't be great. He really built like that. The average fan don't know him. They don't see him. They just see a guy who go out do his job, don't say much kill go about his business but I know what kind of person, what kind of player he is and what kind of determination he got. But people can't connect with it yet. That's what I see from the outside. People really look at him like he just don't have no type of personality. Yeah like they can't connect with him. But then you get a Anthony Edwards. Yeah he block a game when it shot. He like end with a hurt calf and with a hurt calf. I say the game You know people like that's my dog man.


He say anything he you can connect with 'em 'cause that's how you really act when you playing with your guys. Yeah And that's kind of swag most people got So they connect with him. That's why they be like he gonna be the face of the NBA even though he don't wanna be. Yeah He said y'all gotta get that shit to win. Melo was talking about that shit too. He was like I don't, I don't feel like a international player can be the face of the league. This is an American game. We don't connect with Him. I was gonna say, like you said the personality aspect. If you go through can't with yo Giannis, you not, you not really tapping The language barrier, all that stuff. And I ain't saying it like that but you really can't. You know even You know Giannis is very personable.


You know people like him but you just can't really connect with him all the way like that's true man. You know what I mean? I mean even Shay Canadian like people like the way he dressed and shit but like the way he played basketball but I even not too many people tapped in with him individually. Yeah well Shay he got the quotables. He Do bro. But you don't know nothing about his personal life to that extent. All those people we talking about You know a little bit about them on the court, off the court. All the above. Yeah maybe Ja and Anthony is just too turned though. Yeah they too turned for the face of the league like 'cause they just naturally being themselves and like we like that as a You know urban community. You like damn that's how we really be rocking sometimes Real niggas.


Jason Tatum is so politically correct and professional. It's a beautiful thing so he can play both sides. Like he got his kid at every game. His family it look right. Yeah he down Steph Curry. Yeah you really can't connect like some people couldn't connect with Steph at first. Yeah. You know what I mean? We was like damn he like just too perfect. Yeah like he talk about church, he do everything right but that was truly him. Yeah. Facts and that's truly JT too but it's just like JT just don't change the move the needle like Steph Curry though. Yeah his game. Yeah the game. Yeah. Superseded Steph Curry no matter how he acted. Yeah his game he was pulling up from half court from the three.


Yeah. Way he was playing and what he was doing in them games. When you tell niggas go night night and shit like Steph got his disrespect off like you saw the personality of Steph on that court. Court on the court. Yeah because LeBron went in the league. It'd be Steph's league. It is hands down. Yeah. Like JT did stuff like that's why people connected with Westbrook 'cause how hard he played and then you'll, you could feel his energy like he rocked the baby on you like dog. Wow. Like you could connect with Westbrook like if JT did. Oh he don't got to but like even his celebrations, he like blows the kiss when he hit the three. Yeah I see Kids do it a little bit. Facts but it ain't like, You know night night is crazy. Yeah But You know what I mean. Like Turn around shooting at the crowd like that shit.


Yeah that shit changed a lot. Steph Curry got niggas wearing all white under Armoured sneakers bro. Outside. Yeah Outside is funny. I ain't seen them. I've seen that all, all white Chip prairie. Two lows. Yeah those are historic playing show bro. Gym coming off that turf. That's a fact. All terrain shoe. Yeah because I feel like JT is so like bro said so politically correct. But it just, The nigga so cold That's different bro. It's kind of like damn I wonder to like this nigga but I don't know if he really relatable. I wanna jts so cool but he don't step back and do the bullshit like Steph Curry. He don't shoot the ball and turn around like Steph Curry because they literally the same person bro.


It's just the game different bro. Yeah. So I don't know. But also Steph Curry is six three, the common person is five 10. Like you feel you could be Steph Curry like shit I'm five 10, shit. If he can go out there and shoot like that, all I gotta do is work on my jumper. I got a chance. Yeah, yeah. JT six 10 he's damn near unrealistic. Yeah. There's No workout that could ever make me. He's unrealistic bro. He Like with a handle Motherfuckers ain't birthing them six 10 handles light skin, curly hair. Niggas are just hating after a while. Like that's what I was about to say bro. Man man how you 16 curly hair and you got a singer bro? Like what the fuck? You know what I mean? Niggas Hate this hate.


Right. He got a real blueprint though. The nigga Did it the right way and everybody's mad at it. I don't get it On the real. He really Grant Hill, he the Grant hill that didn't get hurt. Yeah bro. That whole Duke blueprint is bigger. He literally walked Grant Hill shoes bro. That's fine. Grant Hill walked so JT can fly. No that is a, that is a Fact. And now wait till the career is over. Well he really gonna be on after that. You gonna see the influence, you gonna see the real personality. You Know what I mean? JT gonna be a billionaire probably. Yeah. The how smart he is and the shit he can do. But he is literally Grant Hill bro. That's a great comparison. Accurate as hell man. That's the lineage. I swear bro. A great lineage be a part. The low key fire singer.


You see the Wife, it's your vibe and you like the the look to that Look Grant Hill had niggas wearing Fila Nigga, come on bro. And you was killing in Detroit and wherever else you went. Come on bro. Super humble. Yeah, yeah. Don't get no shit No smut. Yeah say solid. Yeah only thing Grant Hill got hurt. JT then surpassed him 'cause he used to help. Yeah for sure. Damn. Because Grant Hill was that nigga. He was what? He Lee and Tamia. I mean shout out to El Ma. Respect Tamia is pressure. Shout out to Two Step. I ain't talking about my nigga's girl. I'm just saying. I'm just saying respect to the family. Just that he literally is Ma.


He is the better Grant Hill bro. He Grant Hill got hurt so he I like that. Hey, he walked so JT can fly. I like that Shout fair analogy. What better way to end it Man. Shout out the freaky J for the Last time, man. We can say it. It is loaded now. Be here. Where they gotta go to get it? What? Go get what? Come on man. You see the mech? Oh


Man, don't play man. Go get What? Don't play. Nah, I'm bullshit man. We locked in now. Shop Club. Club five twenty.com, mix it, shake it, pour it. Hopefully this is the last of that but go get the me immediately. For sure man. We live baby.


Shout out to playback as well. Man. We're doing these games each and every Wednesday night, man. Tap in game of the week with five 20. We in the motherfucker clowning. You know the promo how we get down. For sure. Yeah man. Shout to the team man. Be on that motherfucker clown man. We appreciate y'all man. Like should subscribe. All that good stuff. We'll be back next time. Baby Club five 20, The Volume.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands page of five. Dirk, four Peja is a lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and right at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments and the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.