
Step into the world of power, loyalty and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get mixed up in the family business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck on the shadowy world of the Godfather Slot someday. I'll call upon you to do a service for me. Play the Godfather now@chupacasino.com. Welcome to the family, no Purchase necessary V GW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply


Every morning, brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we start it Together. Watch the Today Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on


NBC. Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report,


The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless Apple CarPlay and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation.


The Volume. All right man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. Live in Vegas with it. Shout to Sean man. They guys out here at WrestleMania. It's only right man. We got a champ with us. We gonna introduce My man's last to my far left. We got my dog Bishop be here out the pearl. He's how you what? Nasty. What's Happening n Let's get to it baby. Come On man. Listen man, we got the champion in the building. He tapped in. Okay. He got the shay off. You know what I'm saying? We gonna tap in man. We gonna tap in. Sure. Before I even introduce my mask, man, we gotta talk about it man, you, you pulled up in the Black forces and the white laces man. The B he staples baby all bro. Bro. Keep it 100. Y'all remember the folks that y'all gave big bro?


Yeah, you me With the light with the white laces? Yeah, I took it from him. Nah bro. For real bro. I actually wore it on TV though. I mean, I mean you feel me bro. You know, bro, I'm, I'm still the same Jay, You know what I mean? We trying to tap in, get in where we fit in though. Come on. For sure. Appreciate that Shit. That was a big look bro. That turned our show up for, that was a moment right there for sure. Still to my right. My dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what? I'm chilling Bro. WrestleMania, y'all know I'm a huge wrestling fan so we got my dog in the bill. I'm gonna let you do the honors though. Come on man. Championship. Yeah, championship. Come On with It. Come on Big Five two in the bill. You know what time it is man. Come on with YI mean. Yes Sir. First and Foremost.


Congratulations man. I appreciate Congratulations. Congrats. Now Listen, he ain't the biggest wrestling fan so he been converting over but watching your match yesterday, like he was just like, nah, I'm tapped in. Come On with, come on, ight. Check this out bro. They, they gonna feel this bro. They gonna feel this shit bro. They gonna feel this over the way though, You know what I mean? But thank you though big bro. For real though man. I'm just a, I'm a huge fan bro. And I mean I'm always tapping in like with the short so on the YouTube bro. Y'all be having me rolling though. Nah, I appreciate At the end of the day bro. You know man, bro, I would never, I could've never expected this though bro. Especially tapping in with bro over here. Come appreciate it, appreciate It.


So bro, it ain't nothing but love and respect though man. Thank y'all for having me over here. Yes sir. I Appreciate you pulled up man. Let's just talk about that moment man. 'cause we all in the crowd man. 60,000 people all lives on you man. Geez. How, what's that moment like walking out that tunnel and on You about to get to it Man, bro, You know what it was man, I remember looking out a jail cell window man to looking out, you feel me? Looking out over a airplane man. You know, just on the way. But it was very special. Just definitely having my son over here Journey five too, You know. But shout of The family. Definitely my parents to pull up. But not only that man, last time WrestleMania nine was in Las Vegas. You know I, I mean last time WrestleMania was in Las Vegas it was WrestleMania Ninex and my wife always says this man history always repeats itself.


So for us to double back and for another honor Hawaii Roman Res to Main Event in Las Vegas, but also to have the Fat twos on here, man, it just don't get no better. It really doesn't. And just a special moment. But for real though, broh, that shit was hella cool though bro. When they was out there yelling Phi too though, for sure even had me like this though, You know? I mean, I mean so man there ain't nothing but a beautiful thing man. Nah, I ain't gonna lie. I think Roman and them had a great match but I told 'em oh for sure. I told 'em y'all stole the night, you la night. I thought y'all was incredible bro. I was like nah, they, they wrestling for real bro. About, but they putting on a show and at that moment we looked at each other and he was like, nah that's my dog.


No nah that's my dog. You know For sure, For sure. You went to my boy said he got that. No. Oh, when you them back flips? Oh yeah, that's my dog. Shout out to Jeff Hardy though. I mean Jeff Hardy to Jerry, You know what I mean? Like bro and my family bro. You know man, we just, I'm just trying to put forth, You know what I'm saying, like it's always good to be a part of the family but I don't want to be one of those loose souls that Oh he's just a part of the family. Nah bro. Like they, they gonna feel this, they gonna feel this your own name for sure. Come on Champ. For sure. Now listen, you asked about this. He in the building. There he go Freaky Mike. Yeah, I'm a bro. I see you on the elevator bro.


He the wrestler. He the one. Oh okay. They just wrestled with him song. Nah, nah, I heard. Excuse me. Nah, I said they just wrestled with him or song back in the day. Do what you did. I heard, I heard the podcast with Jey Uso. You feel me? Shout out Jey Uso. Congratulations though. Yeah, You know the Wrestle now because I so out. 'cause I heard, I heard y'all on the last podcast. The satellite bro was getting mad. He always nigga on bro. So overall shout out to Big Brother though. Shout out Big Brother. Show man one time Fe to get us out here, man. It's one of my favorite moments of the show, man. It's called Making the Milestones.


So for you, obviously, You know what I'm saying, championship status and you talk about your journey there. Now, when you got the big bag, what's that moment when you first got your final like, breakthrough in the situation? What's that move like? What's that purchase, what's that thing you're just like, alright, we on Man shit man it was paying my rent on time, You know? Hey bro, because I never, hey, it was, I remember nobody wanted my autograph, bro. The only thing I was signing, bro, is when I used to sign my papers, bro. When I was getting outta jail, You know what I mean? Hey bro, bro, we came a long way though. And You know, bro, man bro, it, it really just feel good to see my parents happy. Yeah. And everybody always say congratulations jaga. Nah, but man, it's really my wife bro. You know when they say it take a village to raise somebody?


Yeah. Oh brother. I'm proving, You know what I mean? Like, it, it, it came all through here, but man, it ain't it, You know, we, we just trying to get in where we fit in though. But overall though, bro, man, it was a great moment though, bro. It really was. It was cool. I could feel the energy still, Bro. Yeah. You know what I mean? Hey, who was keeping 100 bro? I literally just woke up and said, threw this thing on, bro. Let's go get it today. So for sure we here right now. You know, It's crazy. Just based off your energy, I knew you gotta be a Raiders fan. Oh, that's, that's a different type of energy. Okay. Okay. So we going to, we, we, We Gonna keep it 100, You know, 'cause bro, I'm from Northern California. Oh. To be exact, You know what I mean? And man, bro, keep it 100 bro.


I love everybody over there. I mean it is all California. But it's different though. None, none against SoCal. I'm from no California man. Oakland Raiders Warriors, man. Sacramento Kings. I hit y'all with the Vladi Diva on you feel me? Oakland, you feel me, bro. I'm I'm a real Sacramento king man. And man I just love, I just love where I'm from, man.


From the play games all the way to the finals, now is the time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase scorer. Ready to place your first bet? Download Draft King Sportsbook app now locking your bets. Let's make this playoff run the best one yet. Here's something special for first time users. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus. Best instantly make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download a DraftKings sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio


Oh Tasty high note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I am practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this leaf blower PayPal could pay for your purchase, the great PayPal checkout, no Purchase necessary in July 18th. The official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 in eligible purchases per cart.


What's good fam? The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back and taking over Pullman Yards in Atlanta on Saturday April 26th. And it's gonna be a whole vibe. Doors open at 11:00 AM So you already know it's an all day celebration of black excellence and we're partnering with Nissan to bring you an event you won't want to miss 'cause it's all going down in the Nissan Lounge. If you haven't seen the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks or the Nissan Rogue yet, this is your moment. From available intelligent around view monitor to available bows, personal plus sound system. The all new Nissan Kicks is ready. Whether you're cruising through the city or hitting the highway, the Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 with available HD enhanced, intelligent around view monitor with moving object detection and a standard VC turbo engine. So pull up to the Nissan Lounge to explore their cutting edge features. Snap some epic picks and see which ride matches your energy. Music, love, culture, and community all in one place. So come through, show out and make some memories. Tickets are on sale now at black effect.com/podcast Festival.


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs the first bag. The second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip He shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh, and he stumbles Oh right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eats his protein packed ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos Stronger makes everything better


because The 2025 NBA plows get more exciting. Actually yes because this year thanks to Dash pass members only deal. When they swoosh you score. Specifically you score a meal from Wingstop. Here's how it works. When any players score 50 or more points in the playoff game dash pass members earn a free three piece tenders combo meal from Wingstop to claim the deal the day after the game. Go to DoorDash. Put a three piece Wingstop tenders combo in your cart. Make sure your cart has a subtotal of $20 or more. Use your promo code Wingstop 50 at checkout and free combo. Remember that's called Wingstop 50. When they swoosh you score time for dash pass and save more all year round with zero delivery fees and reduce service fees or eligible orders plus purse like this one. Valuable use of promo code from noon to midnight the day after a 50 point game must have an active dash pass account terms apply.


You know man, if you talk about everything like what you said earlier, bruh, it's just, I'm just doing it and trying to represent for all my people in nor California. Yes sir. I mean I love where I'm from. Sacramento man stand up 100 Man. Listen man speaking that real we talking about it man. Everything's so expensive and you talking about your first breakthrough moment, shit paying your rent on time. Come on. That's real. A lot of people going through situations, they gotta make it happen.


Yeah, listen you trying to tap in your first debt of financial freedom. Yeah tap in with Chime, You know what I'm saying? Get that secure credit card, credit card builder for them. No annual fees, no interest, no credit checks is forever. You gonna do the thing in here in here. Shout fool. He said of you're right game. My brother though. Hey bro, you talking about Real Professionals? Oh yeah, we around here right? Ch f too on the way baby. You know what Is Hey, matter of fact, he got it on the court though. Right Behind you though. You ain't even, I don't idea. Shout out to time now Man.


It is funny. Like you said man, him come along now as a new wrestling fan to see everything going on. Like yeah, how do you prepare for a match Man, You know? Well, You know, keep it 100 man. It's just all motion like including yesterday. It was very nerve wracking. But man, it's just like I said bro, it's just preparing for it. It's more of a mindset though. Okay. You know so much stuff's going on left and right, people pulling you left and right, but You know man, we need that time. Shout out to my brother Solo Sequoia man. Shout Solo has the best theme song by the way. You feel me? None against Jay, You know what I mean? Shout out to solo though man.


Yeah, but me and my brother Solo told me it's okay man, just to step away from everything real quick. Feel me. Get your head in that right space. I did that and it still don't work. Shout out the solo though man, bro. Just to get prepared for it. Like it's just an all day process bro. You gotta remember man, we're there at the building all day, you feel me? Until Showtime. So You know, it's just all pro different process. Everybody got a different thing to get ready. But You know bro, for me though, You know I really do do gotta step away and really get in my, for me in my head space though. Just to, just to get cleared up 100 though. For sure. For sure. Yeah, for sure. But other that shout out the time At it Though man.


It's just crazy. Like you said, your interest, you come out the music, the vibe that Long. Walk to the Ring man. And then it showtime, Man that long man. Man that walk was hella long Bro. Brett, that walk was so long bro had me skipping down there yesterday, You know what I mean? But man, shout out to wwe man, hunter. I'm just so happy to be a part of this era right now because at the end of the day nobody could have touched me though. You know? Hunter made it happen though. You know, even with Tamma, Tonka man, new Japan, Tonga Loa like, You know man Hunter's just making everything happen and Roman rains bro. Jimmy uso and Jay uso, we gonna keep it 100. Man. My brothers had a lot to do with me getting here.


You know that's real. Like it ain't, we just ain't family. Jacob didn't just get hired because I'm a part of the family. No. Like, You know bro, we gotta put in the work and just like what Roman rain says and Jay USO says, You know, grinding the dark. Yeah. You know like ain't nobody got, you ain't gotta post you working out or doing this or doing that now, bro. It's just grinding the dark and everything will come together. You know what I mean? Most definitely. And to see all y'all on that stage last night, everybody shining, man Bro. Especially on one Night. Yeah, that was come WrestleMania, You Feel me? Hey bro. Shout out to my sister Naomi, man. I mean bro bruh, she one of the realest castow ever up in there bro. Doing it and man, damn, I just thought about it. We was actually all on the same night though Man. See how Roman was walking out?


He had all the pictures of everybody whole game. Yeah, that was hard. That was thing though. Yeah. You know I'm bro, we talking about from Hachi, Peter Maia, my father, the Tonga kid, the Wild Samoan Alpha and Sega. You know Ricki man. Yoko Zuna man. The Grace Sammu like man, the list just keep rolling and going man. Man listen. Better is on the way. We gotta do this again man. I know we're short on time, but one more time for you man. Congratulations on getting that man. Can't wait to see what's coming next. For sure. Come on man. We appreciate you man. Love and Respect though. Stay tapped in. Club 5 25 2. Shout out to time The Volume.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists you can connect with via video, phone or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hess Hug Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. HE p.com


New. Out of nowhere, obstacles, new all or nothing Moments new, less than likely Triumphs season two of the Unshakeable podcast has it all. Hi, I'm Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for Business and host of the show. We are excited to bring you more inspiring stories from small business owners who share the what are we gonna do? Moments that ended up changing everything. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report


In the heat of battle your squad relies on you. Don't let them down. Unlock Elite gaming tech@lenovo.com. Dominate every match with next level speed, seamless streaming and performance that won't quit. So you can push your gameplay beyond performance with Intel core Ultra processors for the next era of gaming. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search power up@lenovo.com.