
Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. Only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope NY 4 6 7 3 6 9. And Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus Asian eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/b ball.


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with a yoga PC from Lenovo. Your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced yoga. PC from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet. Yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create because at Lenovo we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you at every step of your creative journey. So check out Lenovo dot com slash yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga. Lenovo Lenovo, empowering creators everywhere.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially. Step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through, it's true magic. 'cause we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Let me call my mom. Man, this gonna be deep, man. How you know she ain't busy? She be ready. Hey Wallace. What's up mom? Look, you know him. Shannon. Yes ma'am. How you doing? Whatcha doing? I'm doing amazing. How are you doing? Why you put your sexy voice? So I told you, but I be calling you. You did that with Dionne. Don't do that. Don't do that. You did that with Prime. So you tell me, Hey Shannon, All my life, grinding all my life, sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Want a slice? Got the roll. D. The all my life I been grinding all my life. All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. The slice. Got the roll. D.


All my life. I been all my life. Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host Shannon Sharp. Got to stopping by for conversation and a drink today, New York Times bestselling author, A highly sought after motivational speaker. A revered cultural advisor for YouTube, A role model, a mentor, community leader for millions. One of the most influential, successful, passionate media personalities on the internet. A global inspiration. A multi hyphenated marketer, activist, thought leader, humanitarian, orator, entrepreneur and entertainer. A natural phenomenon, a gift to the world. Top rated podcaster. He was named on the Hollywood reporter's most powerful people and podcasting co-host of the wily popular million dollars worth of game.


The son of Philadelphia. He lives by the model. No one can stop you but you. Here he is. Wallo. How you being my brother? I'm good, bro. How you That was the hell of an introduction. Damn. That introduction. I'm like, he talking about that, that, that, That, that me or he talking about somebody else sitting down here? Yeah. Wallo, thanks for pulling up the club shake shit, man. You know, you have your own thing and I know you're busy, so you're taking time outta your day to, to sit down and chop it up with me. So I greatly appreciate it, man. How you doing, Bro? I'm doing great, man. I'm doing outstanding. Better Than. Better than good. Great. Better than outstanding. Outstanding. Outstanding. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. You wanna take take? Oh no, I don't drink. You don't drink? No, I don't drink and smoke none of that.


You, you could drink. Take a drink of that one. I don't, I Don't drink the, I don't drink one topical. I don't wanna have to go to the bathroom and take a break. Fuck. Get halfway. But you going, you gonna take that, drink some that company. You gonna drink some of that? But that's another story. Yes. First of all, congratulations on being on the New York Times bestseller list memoir. Armed with Good Intentions. What made you decide to write a Book? You know, everybody feel as though when you get there in life or you, you, you have a moment where is though success come. Everybody say, oh man, you just perfect your life better than mine. My life ain't better than yours. The only thing I wanted to show in the book was that Armed with Good Intentions is filled with a bunch of losses. Mm. A loss, loss, loss, loss, loss, loss, loss, loss.


That's that average life. But I think a lot of times people don't understand the only thing different between me and you is I ain't stopped. That's it. I just ain't stop. Even in the darkest moments, I said, I gotta get back up. I gotta figure it out. When I'm sitting in the cell, I'm like, when I get out, I gotta do better. You know what I mean? And that was my whole thing. Like I didn't, I, one of the main reasons I didn't stop, I wanted to get outta jail and show my grandma that I could do right before she leave this earth. 'cause she always see me do wrong. And she always believed in me. She always said, you going get it, you gonna figure it out, you gonna figure. And she, you know, her whole thing was like, you can't do wrong. Right. You need to start doing. Right. Right. Wow. And so later on in life, it catch you because all she would tell me was that nanny would tell me lowest people.


She would tell me, boy, I came to Philadelphia with two kids and $10. I got my house in 1963. I worked every day. I couldn't even afford. She said I couldn't afford a refrigerator, but I got my other stuff. So Father Washington from the church he signed. So I gave me a refrigerator. I worked every day. I never, I never took a day off. And by 1978 I owned my house. Like you come from some, you come from some humble beginning. You come from, you come from a good this jeans or mines. And I always seen a grind, you know, to the day, even though I take care of things. But it's like she, she said, baby, she tell me from jail, ain't ain't nothing ever get cut off in this house. Wow. You know better. You know? Right.


But everything that she's telling me, she's outnumbered with the street culture. So I, I'm, I'm, you know, nanny tell you, look boy, you she seeing me, boy, you can do better. And I remember I used to lie to her when I was in prison. I used to tell her all the time. She used to be like, listen, I ain't gonna be here when you get back baby. 'cause I, I would never tell her how much time I was doing. I would tell her I'm coming home every year. And she'd be like, I ain't gonna be here when you get back baby. And I'd be like, nanny, I'm gonna be there. I'm be like, nanny, I'll be there. I'll be there next year. Next year. She said, you told me next year, three years ago. Because I'm sitting here thinking, I'm sitting here thinking that nanny wasn't, nanny wasn't as swift as she is. But I learned later she was swift. But I just wanted to get out and show her that I could do good in life before she expired, before she leave.


'cause everything she told me, she was right about it. And I wanted her to know that she 90 years old now. Wow. Yeah. When you're writing this memoir, did you have any idea that it would end up on the New York Times bestselling This? I never had a doubt. I never had a doubt. And the reason I never had a doubt was because you don't have a lot of transparency in things. Mm. And this days you'll have somebody write a, have a book out or whatever, but it don't be the raw of them. It don't be, it don't be coming from a aspect of I'm gonna just tell the truth about what I got going on. Whether, Whether you like it or not. Because everything is perfect. My life ain't perfect. Right. Your life ain't perfect. Life ain't perfect. Correct. So I was like, you know, I always felt that.


And at, it wasn't just about the book, it's the work that come after the book come out. It's the go into all the shout out to all all listen, shout out to all the black bookstores out there. It was a man, let me tell you something, Shannon, when I tell you they had my back. Mm. You know, it was Baldwin and CO in New Orleans. Whether it was uncle, uncle, uncle Bobby's in Philadelphia, Malik books in la, mahogany books in DC The list goes on and on. Kendricks and down in, down in Houston. I think we forgot about that. A lot of times we forget about reading, but it's a lot of strong black bookstores out there that really helped us. So I wanna shout out to them, support your local black bookstore.


'cause they supported me in a major way. Right. You mentioned earlier it says a lot of our life is lost. Lost. And only in the song all we do is win, win, win. Is that true? Only in the song. Yeah. That's fake. Yeah. But you have to, and so is that what you wanted your story to? That's, do you think that's why your story resonates because of what you've gone through? And a lot of other people have gone through similar things. Maybe they didn't go to prison, but they've suffered a lot of losses, but somehow found a way to turn it around and get some wins. And I Yeah, it is that, and it's the connection of that. Everything, everything. Like, you might even see the, the small, the upbringing of the losses. But since I came on from prison, I showed you 37 years old, 30, 37-year-old man, get outta prison in my grandma middle room.


I just make videos outta nanny, a nanny middle room. You know what I'm saying? So it was like, and the only reason I could, I could make parole to nanny, middle room, rest in peace to my Aunt Ruby. That was my baby. She, she had a heart attack. She died in that room. So I was able to make parole there. And, and I, and I showed you my videos. I, I wasn't perfect. I showed you living in nanny house. I showed you running down the streets. I showed you on the subway, the bus. You seen me just, most of it wasn't all perfect, but it was me. There been a lot of rapper at the Gone Serve time. Why do you think that's such a common thing in the rap industry? In our community? Rap has always been an expression of the environment. It, it been a, a lot of times rap was an escape for us.


Okay. Growing up. You know, it changed a lot growing up. It was a, you know, personal expression, it was a documenting of the environment that we come from. A lot of people was, was storytellers of what they seen. We didn't, we, we didn't really do this. You know, NAS never did what he's taught. He, but he talked about a lot of people ain't do this. As you can see, ice Cube was smart. Dre was smart, these dudes were smart. But they just talked about, I think in, in rap it became a challenging sport. A violent challenge in sport to the point of where's dope if I say something, oh yeah, you really, that I'm a challenge. I'm gonna see if you really, I'm gonna see, oh man, we gotta die about this shit. So that's what came about. And I think a lot of times there's a lot of aggression that come with it.


And sometimes we speak our own, we speak our own fate. And it, and you know, and some people talk about dying. Like it's cool. Like, on the aspect of like, when I die, you know, make sure you, So you know, Power in the tongue. Yes. Power in the tongue. And we gotta live out the rap sometime. Do you feel like rap glorifies prison? You know what's crazy? It don't glorify prison. I'm not gonna say it all the way because it definitely, it definitely could teach you how to get to prison. It's definitely a directory. You know what I mean? It's definitely a Directory. It's a map. Huh? It's a how-to guy. It's a, it is a map. Right. But it don't glorify it because most people that rap about it never been to prison.


These dudes never been to prison. Oh. So it's like, I ain't gonna say Glor, but it's de it definitely direct you to a cell. But why don't you think that guys have learned? Because you've seen guys that have gone there learn from their mistakes and not try to go back. But you see these young guys, as you mentioned, they try to be like, and they talk about things they don't know anything about. And they feel like they need to do something in order to get that for real. That cache to like, I'm really about this life. You know what it is? I believe that when you young, you was young. I was young. You don't believe nothing that anybody older tell you. 'cause you think they disconnected from the reality of life as it is now. Not knowing it was once a reality of life that they was living in themself when they was younger.


Right. So they're just trying to share, you know, if you tell me, man, it's don't, don't go down that block as a, as a hole right there in the ground. Like, man, I can get around that hole. So it's, it is hard sometimes when you young. 'cause we did the same thing. Yes. We just didn't do it to the level of maybe violence or stupidity that some people do it today. But I just think it's hard for people to hear it and they think it's not going to be me. Yeah. While you did 20. But OG they ain't gonna be me. I'm smarter than that. What you going to do? Right. You know what I mean? So until they get there, and then I'm, now I'm talking to 'em on the phone. 'cause they uncle called me, yo called Wallo, man, you was right. Oh. Oh. So it took you to get 30 years for you to be right. You, you, you still, you still got it right.


You still, you still got Spark. Why you, why you couldn't learn from Wallo experience? Why did you have to go experience it for yourself? He already did it. He already told you the, the path that you was traveling down where it was gonna land you. But you didn't wanna hear that. And, and you gotta think about this, the street game is a game. It's a game. Okay. If you play Monopoly, how many people go in? Probably one. If, if you, if you become a athlete of a game, how many of y'all really gonna go to the NFL? How many of y'all really gonna go to the NBA? How many of y'all do you know how many people play basketball in America? And how many people is in the league? It's not a lot. Right? How many people is in football is not a lot how many people? So you gotta think about this.


It's a game that Majority of the people lose. And the reality is like, I always tell people this is me from me being in prison. You show me 10 dudes in a gang, or you show me 10 dudes that's from a corner. You show me 10 dudes, I'm gonna show you seven dudes that's going to tell on them anyway. So the mask don't mean nothing. None of this, all this stuff is ka everything that we thought it was is Ka because we live in a world where everybody is. So they choosing them first. Do you think little Bobby is going to go to jail when they ready to give him 15, 20 whatever and he never been to jail before. You think he leaving Keisha with that nice little sexy, beautiful body, right? You think he leaving her and his mom gonna come in that interrogation room?


Bobby, you better tell what they done. We see it all the time. But we think my homies ain't going tell on me that that ain't gonna be me. Your homies going tell on you. They going to tell. Do you think like what, what about, you know, used to have this show. I think it was called Scared Straight. Yeah. That was my show. You know what I'm saying? Like, okay, we gonna take you because we see where you guys are headed. You, I mean, a lot of you guys are in alternative schools or you in juvie. And so we gonna show you where you're headed. This is the, this is the, the recipe that you're cooking up right now is gonna lead to this perfect dish right here. So we gonna give you an opportunity to see where you don't wanna be. Do you think they think it's cool to be in prison? You said a lot of these guys that rap about it ain't never Been there.


No. You know what's crazy? I'm not even gonna hold you and it and, and and, and I'm gonna just talk about me growing up. Me growing up, I seen some vicious, do you remember Blood and Blood Out? You remember the penitentiary movie? I've seen some vicious movies. I seen it on, on the TVs and all that stuff. But I thought I was smart enough. I don't think a lot of people think they gonna make it there. Right. So until you make it there, you like me, I get there and I'm like, I get to prison. And I, you know, when that, when that big gate closed behind me and I'm on that bus, I'm praying to every guy that I could think of, like, please help me. Please, please don't let these people take me. They don't take my innocence please. Right, right. I'm scared to death because, you know, I seen, you know, when I walked through the hallway first after they tell me as I get outta the shower, dude, tell 'em, wash it up the shower like a minute.


Get up outta there, wash them balls, get that crabs and lights up above you. Get up, throw your stuff over. You get your little box of lady say in case of emergency where you want your body sent. I'm like, what type of shit? I didn't, Whoa, whoa, whoa. I thought I just happened to do some time. I ain't no die. I'm a juvenile that just committed an adult crime. And they certify me as an adult. What? Why we gotta die? Like, what's going on? Why, why I gotta die. Please don't let, like could you call my mom and let me get out? Right. She peeped my, she peeped the fear in my eyes. And she said she reworded the word no baby. Like in case of a she said baby to me too. So she let, she, she's peeped that I'm really a ki she like, in case of anything happened, who you want us to call? Like me helping my, and then I grabbed that box.


I went in that hallway. Greatest full prison. I seen the biggest black man I ever seen in he'll make you look like a midget. He was so big. It was like he was lifting weights in places. I didn't know you could lift weights. He was so big coming out the joint with a tank top on. And when I seen him, it's like he coming, I'm, I look down at the ground like, oh my God, he going to get me. Yeah. Because I'm not, I'm not one of these dudes out here that's talking like, I thought my ass was on the line when I went to prison. I was scared. Right. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not telling you. Like, I was tough. All that tough shit that I threw, I knew and I thought I was on the street. That shit went out the way when I got to the penitentiary. 'cause I'm like, somebody gonna get, I always thought that somebody was gonna get me. And then now you start, you realize that you not doing days.


You doing years, you doing decades. Ooh. They get real. Ooh. Ooh. That shit get real. But is it, is it the allure that got you into it? Was it the allure of fast money, quick money? Was it a lifestyle that you wanted to have that you weren't willing to go say, work a, a, a fast food job or, and work your way up? What was it about that life that attracted Wallo to It? Because when I grew up, I realized quick that America respected successful criminal. Mm. So when I'm sitting on the steps, Shannon and I see Mike pull up with the binge, the gold chain on the music blasting.


And when he come up to get the most beautiful, he pulling up in this binge to get the most beautifulest girl in the neighborhood. She's the most beautifulest girl in the neighborhood when he pull up. I noticed that. I ain't just noticing. I ain't watching him. I'm watching Ms. Jackson, Ms. Brown, Ms. Green. You know what they saying to him? Hey baby. Mm. I'm like, oh shit. And then as the girl get in the car, they all speaking to, Hey man. But when I see Mr. Mr Mr. James come home from work and he walking down the street, he's a plumber. He all dirty. Don't nobody speak to him. Ms. Brown, Ms. Jackson, miss. They don't speak to him. This is the eighties. This Showtime baby I'm talking about. This is, I'm talking about, I didn't see Mr. James name on the Marques.


I seen the dude with the Benz's name on the Marques. The lights is shining. I'm talking about, this is prime time baby. He got the chain on the pinky ring, the Rolex watch on the music blasting ice team, high roller coming outta the Benz. This shit is movie shit. I'm like, I got to be him. He's a superhero. Not Mr. James. Yeah. They speak to him. They look down on me. They look down on Mr. James. Mr. James. He's a hardworking man in the ghettos of America. Black man. I said, I gotta be him. I got to be him. You went Viral when you broke into tears telling Lil Durk not to retaliate in King Barnes death. You know, you, you, you know, it was so emotional because Dirk, he said, I need you to come here. Right.


He said, we could do it in Miami, whatever, but I need you to come here 'cause I need you to talk to these. That's what he told me. He said, I need you to talk to 'em while I need you to talk to 'em. I said, all right. I got 'em. And when I get there, I, I didn't know it was gonna be that many. It was like a hundred of 'em. We in the basement in Chicago, it's a hundred of them and them niggas, they ready to ride. Yeah. No. They just was there for, you know. Okay. They wanted To hear what You wanted to say. No, they wasn't, it wasn't even that. They didn't even know why they was there. Dirk was like, we gonna do it in the hood. Okay, I want you to holler at them. Boom, boom, boom. So I'm like, I got you. When I got there, I'm like, he like, man listen, I need you to holler at him. It just so happened that when I'm talking to him, I understand. 'cause I'm talking to a couple of 'em on the side and I understand that nothing is more important than the ghetto than revenge.


Revenge is king. Yes. Closest thing to God. Because the black man is willing to die about his ego. The ego killed more black men than any other disease. Any nothing killed black men more than the ego. That ego of you hit me, Shannon. People saw that. I can't let you go. You gotta die about this shit. Mm. And my mama raised me. So I grew up soft. I ain't had no structure of no father there. So I'm just emotional. And I, so when I'm in there, I'm telling them I had to, it was, it was emotional for me. 'cause I'm letting him know I the, the man that killed my brother, I forgave him. Am I a coward? Am I a punk? What? I don't know what that shit mean. But I knew that forgiving him mean that I was willing to live for my brother in a environment where we celebrate dying for somebody.


I said, no, I'm going to live for my brother, my grandma, my brother, kids my mama. I'm gonna live for them because don't nobody talk about that. But I know that I'm gonna just be straight up. I know that I'm not built to die right now because I know it's more things that I gotta do. And I know I got a responsibility. That was my older brother. You think what I'm saying? Right. So it's like I gotta step up. I gotta be a man. So I gotta think as a man would think not as a street would think that would die about his ego and leave his babies, leave his mama, you know, tear down the community about the ego. My ego wasn't built like that. I wasn't that strong to have that type of ego. I wasn't cut like that.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action that DraftKings Sports book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA from the monster slams to the Rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bets you can make on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports Book app. Make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5. Get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the right with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


You Mentioned that you had to forgive your brother's killer. How long did it take you? Because they say forgiveness is not for the person that wronged an individual. The forgiveness is for the person that's been wronged. Memay came to see me. So my niece, she come to see me the weekend that dad get killed. This the first time I meet this little, little, I'm talking about she was like five, four or five. She was like probably four or five, but she was like 50. So when she came in in she run around the visiting room, she jumped on my lap. She said, oh well you come. Oh you not, you not leaving, you not coming back is you?


I'm like, no, I'm not coming back. She said, I need you to take me here. She telling me all this stuff and my nephew there too. I'm just talking to him and I'm like, damn this somebody finally counting on me. Somebody looking at me in a way I never had nobody look to me. You see what I'm saying? In that way, my little brother, I was always in the penitentiary so my little brother jal, we really didn't have the time. So I'm like, damn, this little person looking to me like that. She putting a lot of power and a lot of energy on me. And so I already had it in my mind because I'm gonna just tell you, I'm gonna just tell you something Shannon. I'm not built like that to go kill no black man. I'm not built like that.


I'm not designed like that. I'm not tough like that. I'm not ruthless like that. I'm not heartless like that. That's just not me. I I. And my worst is fear in the history of life. I don't give a fuck how I die. I don't care what happened. But if a black man killed me, you going hear my scream until life end for everybody. You going to hear my pain. You going to hear you going, you going to my tears is going to flood the ghettos of America. I don't care about nothing else but don't let me go out like that. So I said to myself, I ain't built like that to to be the why I want you there. Because I don't know. Listen, I don't know what happened that night, why it happened.


Only thing I know is my brother got shot. He ran to my grandma house, he opened the door, He died of the arms. I ain't built like that to see nobody else crawl like that. I ain't built like that. I ain't cut like that Shannon. I'm just, nah, I ain't designed like that. Just because you hurting Annie. I don't wanna hurt your grandma for what? If I hurt your grandma when the shit gonna stop. It's a continuous cycle. You said that by not retaliating, it gave you the freedom to spend time with your family When I got outta jail.


Right. I ain't have a lot but I had everything because I remember something back in the day in the ghetto, we ain't had nothing but we had each other. So we had everything. Everything. So I'm like damn she, I told her I was gonna take her to these places that I ain't even know. I ain't even know. I ain't even know I had to, I ain't even know I had to take it to him. Right. Because I ain't know these places. I just was telling her I'm in jail. She's like, you gonna take me here? Yeah, I know that. I'm just listening to her on the phone. I got you. I'm gonna take you there. So when I get there, I'm like, you ain't telling me this shit costs all this money. You know, you know I'm going to bunch. I ain't know we I, it said five below. I go in there, spend $50. God damn. Yeah. They said five below.


I'm thinking I'm gonna get a bunch of stuff from $5. Right. So she got me in there. Mom, don't be buying all 'em. I got to, I got, I just wanted to show up, not just finance it, I wanna show up mentally emotional. I wanted to show up for them and that was my whole thing. So it was like bang. That was all it was about was living for them and and and being able to see them, them to see me, for me to be an example to my niece and nephew and them. And even for my grandma, like, boy, you, you could do something with yourself. 'cause I wanted to prove nanny. Right. She always said you special. But I'm like, special. What you mean? Why I'm, why would I be special? I'm thinking she crazy telling me I'm special. I live in the ghetto. I didn't know you could be special coming from the ghetto.


Dirk said this mofo really dropped in tears for this issue. Do you feel like you heard what you were saying? Do you feel like the guy, not only did they listen, because a lot of times people listen to respond, but did they listen to understand what you were saying? I hollered at a lot of 'em afterwards. Some of 'em would call me. It is not about them listening. It's about conditioning, it's about environmental. You could listen to everything that I say, but a lot of time as I'm still growing, I don't have the resources to remove you from the danger that you are up against every day.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the monster slams to dish the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bets you can make on draft Kings. The home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to drafting Sportsbook app. Make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New drafting customers bet $5. Get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the right with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus Asian eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.ceo/b ball.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from, from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and one hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


A lot of things, these young lovers they do here as they smart, a lot of 'em is smart. But environment, their environment don't allow them to grow because I can't move outta this environment right here. And I know them dudes down them block, they want to kill me. I gotta protect myself. I wanna kill. So it is deep. We tell these kids a lot of things. We, and, and all we do is criticize young black male every way possible. We criticize 'em as much as possible, but we don't, we don't bring no resources. You know what I mean? People make money off of just criticizing us and talking down on not just us, it's black people, but they don't, they don't got no, okay, you criticizing us. You got all these, these gigantic platforms.


What we doing is cool Shannon. But it's, they got huge media platforms where they, they just want to tear the people down in the black community, but they ain't coming up with no solution and they ain't bringing no funding. So I could tell these young brothers this, that, and the third, but they still gotta take care of their game and they gotta figure out the only way that they know. And in order to really take somebody to another level, you gotta have time, energy, and resources to deprogram 'em So you can reprogram 'em. The program, it was hit the, the, the, the, the dehumanization of black people by black people was strong. This is some shit that we've done. It started from when the little boy is young and he playing on the swing and he fall, he start crying. Boy, be tough. Don't cry. We are taught to ignore and bury our emotions and our feelings and our vulnerability.


That's not cool. That's not tough. So all that, all that stuff right there is a real big programming that took place by us alone. So how do we come up outta that is it's gonna be deep. It's gonna take a lot. How does one outgrow the environmental aspects to constraints in which he or she is brought up in if they're not removed from that environment? Because a fish is only gonna get so big if the tank is not conducive for it to grow. A tree is only gonna get so big if their environment is not conducive. So if you just put a, if you put a tree in a tub, it's only gonna be get as big as the tub allow. Now if you take that tree out of a tub and let it grow in a a 50 acre field, it can grow. It can flourish.


How difficult is it to reprogram? You said reprogram so I can program in the right aspect. How difficult is it to do That in the history of our community, the people that was able to do that? It was multiple, it was multiple. It was, it was a few, a few. Educational relocation is the greatest thing that happened to college. See a lot of people talk, oh, you don't need college. Oh, we understand that. You might come out have bills, but college exposed you to other cultures. See the the, the hood lack exposure to the world. And a lot of times you don't, you don't never think about everybody that left every, mostly everybody that left. You never really see 'em come back.


'cause they see, they meet other towns they go to, they get relationships with people and it's just, and they go, they go and they see the world. They the ones that come back most of the time, them people that go and get the education, they're the strongholds of the family. They're the ones that the family count on. Call your uncle, Call your aunt. She down there, she's a doctor, she's a lawyer. She the, we gotta start educating ourself, making sure the kids is educated, putting books in their hand over tablets. We gotta start there because I'm not gonna say we had to point of no return, but some people was just stuck and they using that as a badge of armor. Sometimes in our hood, ignorance is a badge of honor. It is a cool thing. Nobody want to, you know, we can't say that about 'cause anytime black people say things about black people, they ain't supposed to say that out loud or whatever.


I don't know how that shit can. Yeah, but sometimes it's a badging outer, oh, I'm this. Think about it. We, we put on a pedestal the criminals American way. The American way. At the end of the day, we love the successful criminal. We love Tony Soprano, we love Scarface. We love Michael Coone. This is proof. The ju the judge, the lawyer, the district attorney, the presidents, all them people. They love the movies. That's, they, they going. So the programming is deep. How difficult is it to really break a cycle when You know you see a father that goes to jail.


He had brothers that go to jail and now you see a kid, the only thing that he knows is disruption, corruption. How difficult is That Walter? I'm, I'm a, I'm a product of generational incarceration. My stepfather hip, he was in Dallas Penitentiary in the eighties. Me and him were cellmates in Dallas Penitentiary by 1998. By 2005, me and my brother Steve were cellmates in Dallas Penitentiary. And it was a picture of me, it's inside of the book me hip and Steve on a visit when I was a kid. And I, we all wound up being in that same prison. Wow. It's a cycle. Because prison is, prison is a, you gotta think about this there, there's the ghettos of America build communities.


And when I say the ghettos of America build communities, this is what happened. As we do so much crime in the inner cities of America, there are small towns in America, middle of Pennsylvania, middle of Ohio, middle California where oh, population is up. Then one day you just see this landfill, you see some construction workers come and then a truck, these, these 18 wheelers come, bunch of them. And they start putting these new prisons together like Legos. Then the gas station, they build a gas station. Then the Walmart park up, then a hotel pop up. We building communities.


And I'm gonna tell you a story, deep one. It was this guard named Steve. I used to go back and forth with him on the tier because he just, I used to always speak up because he had go on people's cells when they in the yard and do checking in. You ain't supposed to be in nobody. I used to say little stuff. So we used to battle. One day he set me down, I go to the, to the bubble to get some legal mail. 'cause when you get the legal mail, you gotta sign for it. And he said something strong to me, I never forgot this. He said, come here peoples, that's my last name. I said, what man? What you want man? I'm just signing for my mail. He said, look, he opened up his shirt in, in between his shirt and his vest. 'cause he had his stab proof vest.


He pulled out the envelope, the envelope was folded. He opened the envelope. It was a picture. He put the picture down, says I'm signing for my what's name. And he opened legal mail. I stopped when before I leave, I stopped. He said, you in the homies man, you in the homies being sarcastic using the word homie. You in the homies took care of you thanks to you and the homies. I'm like, I looked at the picture, it was his son standing in front of a big house with a pickup truck and a big boat there. Said you and the homies got me that usually I have a verbal little verbal spar with him. But he, he stuck me that day. I couldn't, I was wounded. So I just walked back to the cell and sat on the bed and I said, damn Ain't me.


None of the homies never bought our mom no house. We never sent our kids to college. But you know how many kids, you know how many homes and kids is going to college. That me and the homies is taking me and homies doing that. But it ain't going to our community. We sending, we we taking care of families. We taking care of generational. Because in prisons you have with nepotism, you got the warden, the warden brother is the security captain. His other brother is the lieutenant. His sister is the head of the medical. The other cousin is the head of the gymnasium. The other cousin is the activity director. The other cousin is the head of the workforce.


And you walk inside of prison, you see 15 family members that go home every day and 15 family members that don't. That's the prison system in America. So it it, it it, it's deep right? It's, it's deep. And it's gonna take a lot to break that. Why is it that a lot of times that you see rappers and they rap about that and they made money millions and they still go back to that culture. Why can't they let that go? Why can't they escape that one? Because in the ghetto, everything is about ego. You gotta prove to the dudes the ops or the whoever. They, everybody wanna prove to the people that they are doing better than that.


They still real. Mm You mean you real, you just bought your mom a house. That's real enough. But it, it gotta be, it got, you know, people wanna prove that I ain't no chump. I ain't no tur. Listen, lemme tell you something man. You just rap some songs, right? I'm talking about you went in the studio, rap some songs. You got that publishing money, you got the, you know, a bunch of money spec. It depends on how your deal structure, you got all that to money. You got 10, 15 million in a bank. I think it's about time to start being a pussy man. I think it's about time to start being a pussy. I'm just being real because, you know, I'm not the one designed and I'm not built like that to tell you some bullshit Shannon Right to say be tough.


No, everybody else telling you to be tough. I'm not gonna tell you that. I think because all the rich people, I don't think they, they trying to worry about what somebody's saying about 'em. No. From a neighborhood that's still trying to figure out life. So I think it's cool to be not be that tough no more. Man. Master P said something last night on our live show. He said sometimes man people be trying to get, trying to get you to trick off your position. Like you in a great position and they get you. Oh No, no. A lot of people foul out. They, they they they get you to crash out. Yeah Because you said you told them like, look, you gonna finesse yourself outta this position. You family, like you got your family in a great situation and you gonna let somebody finess you out of It. But, but, but what did I tell you early in the interview?


The ego is the number one killer of black man. It's the number one fine Vanessa out of the position like Shannon. How many people say some crazy stuff about you? Just imagine if you just, you know, if you, if you, if you just reacted to everything, a lot of times it don't even be, a lot of times it don't even be that people don't like you. It be that people can't get around you and utilize your resources and utilize you. It don't, a lot of people you see 'em, you might see somebody say something on the joint and I know you got a ma memory, you be like, they'll see you Shannon. What's up? You be like, why you say that stuff about me man? No man, I was just no man. A lot of people just be wanting to hug Shannon. They just be wanting some love. They just be wanting to get embraced and they don't know how to go about that.


You utilize the proper channels to say, damn Shannon, I'm trying to do something with you man. The time right. If the time right can I get on your show Right or whatever it may be. People don't know how to do that. You know what, you recently sat down with Kodak back and you had a conversation with him about his drug use. Well lemme ask you a question. How do you determine who? I mean if they reach out, you willing to sit down and talk to anybody? Chop it up, have convo with anybody that reaches out. How do you go about who you sit down and talk to and impart wisdom on? Oh no, you could feel that shit. You could feel it because when you doing it you can just feel it. You can feel and you know I still know what's going on. You, you moving around, you know what's going on. And everybody with these artists is sad.


Most of they, most of they teams and management's the pussies, they got a bunch of yes man around them. A person's not, they care more about getting a check off them than this person living. These people don't be giving a fuck about these young bloods 'cause they don't come from it. So they don't understand it. Now the ones that don't come from it and they're afraid of it, cool. But if you come from it, it's your duty to put the check in on them. Like come on man. Somebody gotta be in line with your check. Everybody scared. I done came with some joints. I'm like damn, everybody scared of this. Yo my man, what you doing? Nothing. Oh, what's up you doing man type of drugs you using? Man, I done walked the rooms on people like that. Like damn you bigger than this man.


You know what you, you got the babies you got and that's a lot of 'em. But You know, you just feel the energy of what to tell. You know How, So you, you, you talk, you kind of touched on this, a circle of friends and I'm a firm believer that you have people in your corner that tell you what you need to know, not what you want to hear. Now you said something very interesting because see if I tell you what you need to know, you gonna stop the bus Wallo and ask me to get off bro. I need that reflective shine. 'cause when you walk up in the club, I'm with Wallo, they see Wallo popping bottles. Hey, I ain't Wallo but I went Wallo. So I know what comes along with that. I can't ask you that. I can't tell you what's real and say Wallo man you hey you effing up because you gonna stop the bus and ask me to get off it. Nah, I can't get no reflective shot.


But see Wallo is only popping pure few. I'm not going pop bottle. No, I'm just saying make sure you go get that fish. Hydration. Hydration drinking the Philadelphia, your sister in the Chicago sky. I'm owner. But listen, The tropical the tropical punch. He's drinking a watermelon. I make. Yeah, but I I'm, I don't drink, I don't Smoke. But I'm saying But you understand what I'm saying? Yeah. That if I tell you the truth, you are gonna stop the bus. You're gonna ask me to get off and now I can't go with you. I you're not gonna Take you. That's not always the time. But, but you know what? They gotta double back because sometimes that don't always happen, but they need to be done because they'll come back when they in prison or whatever happened or somebody, they gonna come back. But somebody gotta do it. Somebody gotta do it. Sole. You've been to, you've been to prison. Yeah.


And you a you not, you weren't famous. So you in Gpop? Yeah. You got Diddy and you got R Kelly. I was in gp. I was in gp. Right, right. But I wanted to be in PC some days 'cause it got a little brutal in there. I can imagine. Yeah. We wanted to slide up in pc like It's A little this day. Too many stabbings. Man, let me just, y'all need, y'all got some space back there. Y'all need somebody to move. Y'all need my cell. I was, some days I wanted to be in pc. How difficult, how much, how different is it for SLE being in a situation than a, a regular, regular civilian? I think it's different. It depends on what, where, what environment you in Federal state. It depends. I just think I never seen nobody come in there and, and then them have any problems.


That was celebrity when I was in prison. You Had, you knew some celebrity came in there when you did that. Yeah, some came through but it wasn't like they wasn't on their level. Right. That's a, that's a megastar. People would be in there just fanning out sometimes. You be shocked man. Dudes be in jail man. Everybody, it ain't all with the movies play out. Right. Especially if you ain't got no problem with nobody. You know what I mean? But I ain't saying somebody won't press you be like, yo man, I need this money. Send it to, you know, I don't know that, you know, but But that hap did that really happen? Yeah, it happened. It happened. You get protection. You gotta get protection In them. No, I ain't saying you gotta get protection but somebody might pressure you man. Somebody might be doing life. You might come in there, you might have some, you might have had to get money not even on a that level. Right. And it, you might gotta send somebody and people might gotta get some people some money.


That's all. Yeah. Damn. Lemme ask you a question. Is it true Gilly started the million dollar worth of game podcast. How did you, I mean, you get out. So how did you guys, how did he have the foresight and the forethought to come up with a million dollars worth of game and say, you know what, my homie just did a bid Cousin. No, this is what happened. I'm gonna tell you what happened. When I was in the joint, he was doing a million dollars worth of game on Instagram. Okay. 2012. Lemme give y'all a million dollars worth of game. Boom. He was, he was popping it. Right. So when I get home, see one thing about this is like this, the great thing about me and 'cause we know our rules. I'm more of the researcher. I'm more of that person. I'm more, I'm gonna get with you.


'cause when, when these people start talking and we gotta get legal involved, we gotta go sit down, then I'm gonna call you. But I'm going go do that. Okay? You sit down, you do what you going to do. You did enough. You, you build a, you you build a whole following before I came home. I'm gonna add value to it because I'm one of these type of players, right? I'm, I'm a player like this. If your name is on the Marques, Shannon and I, and I'm really about you, I'm gonna get your water. I'm making sure you right then what you need, man. You see how your brother came over here? I don't know who that brother was. Yeah. Made sure you was right. It was no ego or Boy, I ain't finna be no dude, boy. I ain't doing all that While. No, no, I'm just saying. See that's your problem. That's why you gotta go back down the way. Okay. Come on. You ain't going on the road baby. Go home. See, that's why you gotta go home. Okay. But, but that's the problem.


I knew my, we, we had different parts of play. That's why we worked so good. You know what I'm saying? So one day he already doing it on Instagram, we doing our thing. We had already had content on Instagram just the everyday content, riding the car, all that type of stuff. I'm up four o'clock in the morning and I like to read articles. I think it was on Apple. I love reading articles to get information. So it said Spotify. Spotify allocate 400 million to podcasters in the first quarter of 2019. I called him early in the morning. I said, yo, he all, man, what the yo, get up read that article. I just text you that article. Read that shit. Read it please. 'cause he read it. So when he read it, he called me back. He said, yo, we gotta get this shit rolling.


We gotta crack out the mics talking my podcast. Yeah. At that time, Maurice Ette, that's my homeboy brother from another. He used to always call me, be like, Wao, you and Gil gotta start a podcast. He'd call me and Gil, y'all gotta start a pocket, whatever. This the first time that this dude woke up and I'm like this, he called me back and I'm like, he ain't going. I'm gonna talk to him later. He called me back. He was like, 'cause we gotta do it. Crack the mic. He gave out all that money that day. I called my homeboy, Nick Rich grabbed a design. I said, I need a logo. That afternoon he had the logo. I called, I called my attorney, sham lost. I said, Shay, I need this trademark. Get the LC off. Got everything done.


Got the LLC Done. All that shit. Boom. April 17th, we dropped the first episode. A million dollars worth, worth, worth your game. It went number two in comedy, on podcasts, on Apple and number four in all categories in like seven hours. I said, we got something baby. We got something. And we just, we just, we just started knocking. I said, 'cause this is what I'm gonna do. I'm going to go, I'm gonna get a deck created and I'm gonna take all our social media and this is the business of podcasts. I'm gonna take our social media following. 'cause he had a a million, I had a half a million. I said, I'm gonna take our social media following. I'm gonna put that on the deck and I'm gonna tell sponsors, people that wanna be sponsors.


I'm gonna tell 'em this. If you sponsor on this show, every time we put a clip up on, on our page, because million dollars worth a game now there's gonna be a million dollars worth of game page on Gilly and Wallo page. We are gonna tag sponsored by Shannon Sharp. Show whatever, whoever you is. He said, alright, do your thing. I I said, all I got you. One of the first places I went was to a funeral home. I go to a funeral home because I went to this funeral, right? A boy's funeral home. Right? And Asia was like, she was like, she was at the funeral and licensed nice liquor sister, but my homie that, that nigga look like he was still living in the casket. I said, you bad.


So I go there. I said, listen, I got a package for you. My sister from another mother am mirror, she hooked up the decks for me in, in the different entries of sponsorship. Yep. Right? So I go to her, I said, listen. She said, yeah, I wanna do something like this. I want you to market this joint. And this is when I'm just learning and creating my personal business of podcast. So I said, all I got you. She paid me. I think she probably gave me like 20,000 for four. For four minutes. Right? So a minute, this is how I was selling it. I was selling minutes by, you get on each show, you get a minute worth of advertisement, your logo gonna pop up, your number gonna pop up, everything gonna pop up and I'm gonna run it down. So she said, alright, cool.


Paid me the money. I said, all right, let me go. I went and done the ad. By the time I got to the second, a re 'cause we only do four shows a month, one a week. By the time I got to the second a, she called me Wallo stop. I said, what's up? She said, I ain't got enough work. I'm getting too many bodies, baby. Im getting too many bodies. Because the episode, come on. This episode of a million dollars Worth a Game is brought to you by Boy's Funeral Home. One thing about life, you're gonna die one day and when you die, you wanna be laying in the casket looking like you living, even though you dead, dead. You wanna be looking like you're going to get up outta the casket. You wanna be looking like, wow, I wanna look like that. Even by the living while you laying in the ca I'm breaking it down. She was like, it was that. Next thing, Springfield Hyundai, I go to them, bang.


They say, listen, we gonna give y'all 25,000 a month, four minutes back. Let's do it baby. I'm coming back. Gil. Like I said, yeah baby. This. I wasn't going off of CPMs and all that other stuff they doing. I'm creating my own industry and business. You gotta, you gotta know your value. When you bring value to value it increase your value. I knew that we was valuable. I knew people, I knew people wanted, I knew they wanted brand visibility 'cause we was cultural. Right? But I also, I'm also a good partner. Wheres though, I wanted to be mutually beneficial. We doing business. I need to make sure you getting take care of. Forget what you giving me. Right? I I'm not going to feel right if I know Damn Shannon gave us all this money, man. And we didn't do we an obligation.


That's not business. Right? So we popping it, it just kept popping, popping, popping. One day I get the most scariest call in my life. I'm in the crib phone ran too, answer number just before when I was answering numbers. And I ain't know what it, I mean, I ain't had no money there, right? I mean, so I, so I said, how you doing? This is Wallo, right? I said, yeah, this is Wallo is Gilly around. I said, yeah. He said, this is about the podcast. I said, all right, call Gil. Yo man got somebody on the phone. He said, hi. Hi Gil, how you doing? He said, yo, what's up man? Gil like, who this man?


You like Gil B? He said, hi, I am Courtney Holt. So me, I'm a vicious researcher. I'm like this one on the phone. I send it to Gil screenshot. I said, oh shit. This dude, this dude that ran it. He's the head of Spotify at the time. I'm like, how did, I'm saying to myself, I said, how you get my number?


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and one hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's Elisa just for you.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you? When we come through, it's true magic. 'cause we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort And culture.


You don't gotta ask nobody to do nothing for you. When you pop in, you hot. The people that need to find you gonna find you. It ain't about nobody repost you. They gonna find you. I don't know how you got my number. So now I'm on the phone and I'm like, I said, he said, what do you guys want? I said, I said, what you talking about? I said, no, what do you want? He said, no. How much money do you guys want now I'm stuck. 'cause I don't even know what to tell him. I'm stuck. But it's like I said, we want ownership. We want all our ip, we want keep owning our ip. Yes. He said, we want your ip.


So how much money do you want? I'm gonna join Texas Gill. This shit getting spooky gill because I, I think this likes some movie, some shit that, you know, when they tell you going into the other room, I'm like, oh, this shit, I ain't going there. I'm like, oh shit. Right. So I'm like, alright, I'm okay. Can I have my lawyer case, you see? I'm gonna text you the email. Let's get on the email chain and our legal will get involved. When they start talking about legal. You know this shit is real. Right. It's game time. Yes. I'm like, be Gil was like, who was that? I said, I don't know man. Then send him all this shit. I'm like, that shit was scary. I was sweating on the call. 'cause I mean, You know, you know I ain't never had because I'm mean, I'm still trying to come up. That's when we got in the game. We had them, did we negotiating with them, we negotiating with bars Still it was, and it it, it turned us up.


And we, but I, at the same time, I'm already getting the money from our own sponsorship. I'm already doing it. I'm getting a bunch of money. We doing it, we killing it. I'm doing all the, all the brand deals, all that stuff. We was killing it. Normally people say don't do anything with family, but you and Gil seem to work. Why? How did you know that it was gonna work and you guys go 50 50 on everything? Yeah. How did you know? 'cause family man, sometime while little man, you know, family do your bad. One thing about C cousin, me and cousin ain't got no ego. I could check him and it's done right there. He could check me and it's done right there. 'cause if we wrong, we wrong. If we right, we right. We don't, and then we not in competition with each other.


Like, I'm so like, you gotta understand this. You gotta understand this. I'm so excited for him right now in this moment because simply because the Eagles is winning. And this dude, when I say he loved the Eagles. Oh yeah man, Listen, when I say he loved the Eagles, he told me, he said, 'cause we was on a busting with the Boy Scout. He said, I went and had sex with my wife for a year. If the Eagles could win the Super Bowl, They gotta win by 10 Super Bowl. But that's what he said. So I be so happy that listen, Eagles is my team now. You know what I mean? Right. I don't really, you know, I bounce around. People know I got different teams a year.


I'm just saying, I'm just being real. This the first time in the history of my life that I've been faithful to a team for a whole season. I've never done this shit in my life. I usually bounce around, especially in the playoffs. Oh, they got dropped out in New Jersey. I pulled my jersey out. You right. I, you know what I mean? I don't even know where my jersey's at. But I'm gonna just say that like, we so excited for each other. We always championing each other when we win. That's stiff bro. You don't see that. Everybody want to compete with each other. When we supposed to eat with each other. Mm. We just not doing that shit. We ain't built like that. We just not built like that. Wow. What made you guys sign with Bar Stoop? Because talk to Point Noy and he is like, Hey, yeah, we signed him but we didn't really know. 'cause I mean, culturally and fan base wives, I mean that's not where they, that's not where we are.


And, and their culture and their fan base is kind of not where we are. But it's a, it's a match that Works. You know? You know why? Because we was going back and forth with Spotify. They was cool. Spotify wanted to boxes in because Spotify, they take you off of YouTube and say You over here now the visuals, you can't put the whole show. It was like that. I'm like, no. What about our people? Everybody ain't got no money for no subscription for that. Right. Bars two was like, not only we gonna give you the paper, not only do we don't wanna own your ip, but we gonna make sure y'all still stay over there so y'all can do what y'all do. Whatever y'all want to do. Right. Dave. And when we signed Dave and Erica Nini was so real when they met up with us, it was like they didn't play.


They asked us for a number. I said it, but I I should have said the number too early. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. The low number You should have went a little high Because you know when they, when I, I'm just thinking about, 'cause I was broke at the time. I, I wasn't broke, but I was JBM just barely making it. Yeah. So I'm like damn. So I'm like, so I told him, I said this, this is the first deal. I say listen, we in, we in Devons, south of Philadelphia. They come down and get on the train. Come see me and Gil. We go there. Gil said you got it. Go ahead, go ahead cus I'm at the table. They said we just 36 month, you know, distribution deal. You know the whole thing. Said how much I'm thinking I'm popping my shit.


I said, 3 million. Cool. She said, all right. I said, nah man, you, you, you, hey You know you done screwed up. You know you screwed up the video. You said 3D sent me. I didn't even get the 3 million out because I'm like, damn, now I'm sitting there. I'm like, Gil kicked me. Like, but he said, you I told you to say something. I said, damn nigga, what you want me to say? You know what I mean? We, he shook our hand, signed it. You know what I mean? Lori got the information. You know all that shit. Right. But it's for, but it was like, it was like, now I ain't gonna hold you. What we did in two and a half years into that contract, man, the first offer that came through and the renegotiating.


'cause now we ready to start a bid war. 'cause we ready, we are. We gotta leave. We gotta Leave or, or, or join coming up. The first joint that came through 25 million, 36 months licensing deal. That was the first deal. Dave told me. He said on the po we were, I got a blank check for y'all. He meant that shit. 'cause Dave, Dave is a little different. He, he definitely different. Having, having talked him be Different. And one, and one thing I say about Dave that I Dave don't respect money, Respect, loyalty. He don't care about money. Don't like it's d it is d it is different when you got somebody that better you.


Yeah. I coulda went to Amazon. Yeah, we could have went to Spotify. Yeah. We coulda went to everybody else. That who, who the numbers was there. I'm talking about the, and the same day. They just coming through the different deals. Right. But I said, these people better on us. What's the name? We went in the room for five minutes, shook hands, walked out. We stayed with bars, stu bunch of money. And I'm like, yeah, 'cause I see You pulling up with a new PA parch damned near every week. I might go get one after this show. Just PI got, you know what I mean? Just because, but, but, but this is, this is, this is the, the thing about it is we put the work in man. Right? Every day we getting up, putting the work in Shannon, you put the work in, you gonna get what you needed. You know what I mean? You could have been out here doing some money, you work, it was about putting the work in.


So it was like, damn. And it just, the business game. One thing I'm gonna say about bars, stew. When I went, when we went to bars, stu, I stayed in the hotel for about a week in New York and I went to the bar stew office every day. And that one week of me staying in bars, stew, I, I'm going to the office talking to different people in the office. That one week I learned the whole podcast game, the whole business side of it. Mo I'm talking about Dave and Erica Nardini. That's why I mess with 'em. They took us to their plug, their took us to their investors. As we got into, they said, listen, these guys are getting too big, man.


We want, we want you to introduce you to, we going to have a meeting with the people that gave them money. They was like, where they do that at. Wow. Where they do that at. You know what I mean? This our last year in bars still New Deal coming this our last year. Wow. Turning down deals, obviously, you know, sometimes you have to walk away. Yeah. It's not an easy thing because that money you like hell, that's a lot of money. But at the end of the day, it has to, does it have to feel right? Does it have to represent you and, and, and Gilly in order for you to like, okay, this is what million dollar worth the game. We'll rock with it.


You know what it is? We, we need partners that understand what we doing and understand that we trying to grow and got the infrastructure in there to support that. That's the first thing that we looking for. You gonna have differences no matter where you go. You any big company in America or in the world, there's gonna be things there that they going, people gonna do shit. Say things that you might not like, but it don't matter where you go at. Right. You. But our thing is we need the infrastructure for growth. We need to make sure that these people believe and they see the vision of what we going to do. Right. And they gonna get the get out of our way. Dave never been in our way. So moving forward, you want, you and and Gale want to keep creative control of what? Million Dollar, but We own our own stuff.


We own million dollars worth of gain. We got our own, we got our own facilities, we got all our own Equip. Everything is all like we, we not the people that say, oh this the problem with people. People want other people to say, I want to use this facility. I want to use your equipment, I want to use your people. I wanna do all that and I want all this. We don't do that. We got our own equipment, we got our own cameras, we got our own team, we got our own shit. Yeah. We just created, distribute that, distribute that, distribute that. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, Wow. Partnerships. I mean you got Reebok, you got Ham, Puma, NFL Network, global Citizen, foot Locker, affiliate Union. I had a lot of them.


How did you, Well how did you know how to do this? Because I mean, had you had any formal training or informal training? Yeah. Or so So how did you know how to like, okay, you know what? I'm gonna cut this up. You know ads, I'm gonna do this for, I'm gonna do this for a minute. You get one minute per week. We shoot four shows a month. You get every and I'm gonna, Hey, boom, boom, boom. It first started in the streets of Philadelphia. I used to write on walls. I remember I went to this event and it was like a block party or something and I told somebody my name. It was like, yo, you the guy that be writing on walls. You wild up. Okay. So when I got to jail, this is what I did Shannon, I'm in the jail.


When I'm in jail. We had TVs in the state penitentiary in Pennsylvania. My celly said one day, why every time all you do is just keep clicking, watching commercials. I was fascinated with commercials because I always was wondering, every time I went to McDonald's, my Big Mac ain't never looked like that man. You did what I'm saying? Yeah. So I'm studying that. Then I realized, hold up. I started reading books. This was the advertising agency that did this. McDonald's ain't make that. Yes. Then I started studying advertising. Then I read a book called Damn Good Advice by George Low. George Lewis is the one. They made the TV show Mad, mad Men about the ad, the ad show.


He's one of the greatest admin in the world. At the same time, the only show that I'm watching religiously, the only person I wanted to meet when I got was Anthony Bourdain. Parts are known. No reservations to layover. He was one of the greatest, he, he was one of the greatest explorers to me because that, and the travel channel was taking me around the world. But I'm looking at that. But, but the advertising thing, I knew one thing. You got God, then you got marketing in that order. Can't nobody tell me nothing different. You got God. And then you got marketing because your market to who your guy should be, what church you should go to, what car you should drive, what food you should eat, what you should wear, what restaurant, what school you should go to. Market.


Market. Everything is marketed to you. That's the most powerful thing on the planet. You don't make the decision. The market is make the decision for you. They force your decision. I said, I wanna be a marketer. Nobody wanna do that. Nobody wanna, 'cause it's not shiny. Mm. That's why if you see my stuff, when I came home on to prison, I went to businesses in the community and said, listen, I wanna promote your rib shack even though I don't eat ribs. I wanna promote your rib Shaq, because I know it's people in the city of Philadelphia that's 15 blocks away that don't know what's here. Hey everybody, I'm Wallo two seven. Welcome to Shannon Rib Shop. One thing about these ribs, they fall off the bone. The sauce is a sauce that you never tasted before.


One thing about this sauce, when it hits your tongue, it grab your tongue and it slap your tongue. The sauce is so juicy. You never tasted this. Nobody wanted to do that. I said, I'm gonna step into a field where I don't have nobody in my way. I gotta worry about ad agencies and all. I ain't worrying about them. They disconnected from the reality of culture up now. And I ain't talking about black culture. I'm talking about the culture up. What's going on now. A lot of them is disconnected. That's why I got a company called We Control. Cool is a is a company that connect Businesses that that need that that next level thing, that need to be connected with cool. That need to be connected with everything that's next level. That's what we control. Cool. Do you're a cultural advisor for Google and YouTube.


What does that role entail? So I'm on the phone with Leo Korn and I was talking to Role to Quality. It was like couple hundred Google employees on the, on this call. And I'm telling him my story and Leo Korn said, Wallo, what is it that you wanna do? I said, man, I wanna come to YouTube and start my own program. I don't like these dudes on YouTube because every time it's a tutorial, they too wordy. Nobody wanna hear that shit. And the, and the average person don't know what they talking about. So we need to teach people how to, how to start their YouTube, how to scale on YouTube, how to monetize the YouTube. You serious? Yes. Let's get on another call. I started a program called YouTube Avenues.


YouTube Avenues. We went over to 10 cities and what we do is this, we go into a city, we put four or 500 creators, whatever you wanna do inside of a room. And my team come, when I tell you my team, I got a mean team. I'm talking about TMA baa, right? One thing about TMA is this. He's one of the most beautifulest people. You, one of the most honest people you ever will run into in the history of the music business. This dude is, this brother is real, he's the head of the black music for YouTube. We go there, he put a team together, him shout out to Viv, Vivian, little, little Richie, Mahalet, Adam, Brittany, my whole team I'm talking about. It's a team of us, right? And we went from city to city and we put 400, find the people in inner cities inside of a room and teach 'em how to start their YouTube, how to scale on YouTube, how to monetize YouTube, Philadelphia, DC Baltimore, Detroit, Miami, Houston, Oakland, London.


And the list goes on. But we went to all these cities and we left something special there. And it's all because I had an idea and I said, yeah, I could come over there and just talk about me, but no, let's do something for the community. And that was the first program they ever had on that level to give back outta all these platforms. You mentioned that how Dave introduced you to the people that that gave him money in order to do what he wanted to do. And they introduced you, introduced, he introduced them to you. And now, and Dave had, like I said, I talked to Dave and he's like, Hey, people get big and they leave. Hey, Bless him. Dave ain't no hater. He's not Every, listen, everybody that been on bars, stew Bar Stew has been an incubator for him.


They went to the next level and they got shitload of money. Call her daddy example. Yep. Pat McAfee example. Bmac. Yep. Like every busting with the boys. Caleb example, Dave is the type of dude, you go to Dave and be like, listen man. He'd be like, all right cool. And then the thing about Dave that I respect, it was some people that didn't even own they IP there, he gave him they IP and said go ahead, do your thing. Where they do that at? Wow. What do you learn most about business? Wallo, I learned that it ain't personal. And I also learned that business is 90% about relationships. Relationships Is worth more than money. And the thing I like about business is you gotta understand the power of partnership.


Partnership is this, Shannon, you got a bunch of resources. I'm gonna say, damn Shannon, I'm gonna bring this idea. I got over here to you in return I'm gonna give you some equity. So in return you going to open up your resources. To me that's all business is. Business is a is about equity, is about fair. Treatment is about understanding that it is not personal. Sometimes things not, might not go your way. Sometimes you might get out bit. But this shit is really about who you could get on that phone. I got a strong phone. I tell people all the time being on this side, it's about relationships. Because you never know. Somebody might have been on a, a, a, a, A starter role three years ago in a bigger role five years ago.


And the, you know what I met, I met Wallo, I met the this gentleman about four years ago and I think he's doing something. Let's give him a Call. And, and he remember how you treated him, how you respected him. That's why I respect everybody in the room. At the end of the day, Shannon is like this, they don't understand there's a difference between you getting a deal for 50 million and you getting a deal for 65 million and that and that one that, listen, that 15 perc 15% more, that 15 million more was solely based off of, I was doing it by myself. But Shannon, you knew somebody over there at that platform or that Benton site or that what's name and they said, Shannon you are part of this.


Lemme see the numbers. Oh yeah, we can do this. I'm talking about this. This shit is five minute phone call business man. Yes. Tens of millions is straight from 500, five minute phone calls. People don't understand that. Oh yeah, this episode is superior. But I, you know what people don't. And I tell people, look, the toes you step on today might be on the foot connected to the leg that lead to the butt. You gotta kiss tomorrow. Yeah, you gotta be careful how you treat people. 'cause you treat somebody bad one day he's gonna be, he or she might be in a higher role. Yep. And you know what? It always happened like that though. That Guy was a jerk to me. And now somebody that might not be as qualified, maybe not as deserving or earned the opportunity, but because you are a jerk three years ago, five years ago, maybe even 10 years ago now they get that opportunity that you pass by only because you look down on that person.


Ain't the funny thing about this thing for, for everybody up there that's coming out, the most powerful people, the most biggest deal makers, they look like some dude that's stressed out. Put some beat up here with a beat up here. Sneak a hooker sneakers on some skinny jeans and a Patagonia little vest on and you not even gonna pay attention to them. And they the most powerful shot call in the room, man. Yep. I'm telling you man. I and that's how it go. You and Gillet, y'all put together pay-per-view boxing events, concert, your own drink, company sale, merch. What have you learned from each endeavor that you embark upon? What have you learned Weller? I learned that relationships is worth more than money.


It always go back to relationships. 'cause one relationship, one call I got, that's why I tell you in this game is about having a strong phone. And the way you get a strong phone is through relationships and not giving nobody number out and calling people for what you need to call 'em for not the Bs. 'cause you could lose somebody in the process of just calling people to call 'em. Right? You could text people check up, but just all that. So when I was for instance, clo, everything I had done, I always knew somebody that I could call, they could gimme a better, they could gimme a better GPS. They gimme a better directions to get here quicker or safer. Sometimes it might be long and no Wallo don't do that.


Damn. But I got Listen to me, this is how it's gonna play. You move here, then you move here, then you move here, then you'll be here in 36 months with what you doing. I'm telling you this is a bigger play. Alright, cool. Sometimes I gotta slow it down. Sometimes it, you know, and that's what is, it is good to having good advisors and good people in the game. That's that really been here. The the showing Gs, the, the, the Troy Carters, you know, the different people that I have that I could call on. You know what I mean? That could really like gimme some, you know, Tony Draper. Right. So secure securing these big deals. How has your life changed? Man, it's lonely at the top.


Man. It get crazy man. I'm gonna tell you something man. Once the success come, people find raised to fall out with you, man. 'cause You know, you start getting smart because it's, it is hard man. 'cause man, I'm gonna tell you it's hard once you slow down and realize people just want to use you. And I'm not saying everybody but it, but when, you know, sometimes family, friends, they just see you as a dollar sign and they don't see you as a friend no more. Shannon, if I'm calling you all the time, but we laughing about shit on Instagram, yo, you see that post that shit was, and then now I'm calling you. Damn. What's up man? Oh man, man, you ain't gonna believe this man. Your boy doing bad. They just, they just took my car, man.


They, they, they, they towed my car. But what happened, man, I owe these tickets, man. How much you owe, man? Nigga said I gotta pay 45,000, man, your car cost 5,000, man. What is you talking about, bro? Because it's hard. You know what the time it is, it's hard. It's hard for people to sit back and just enjoy and be happy for you. They, they, they want to also live exactly what you doing. They wanna come and fake work man. I, man I wanna come work for, You know, you know, You know you ain't gonna work. You just wanna come around and get and you want me to, to sponsor this lifestyle because a lot of times from our culture, everybody wants somebody to finance a lifestyle that you might not be living. I don't party, I don't go to clubs. I don't smoke hookah, you know what I mean?


But I done looked out for people and they go do some dumb shit, then they back at my door again. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there.


Hey Janice Torres here and I'm Austin Hankin. We're the host of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit QuickBooks, Listen to Mind the Business, small Business success stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tired of restless Nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and one hundred nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com and use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


You know more about the PayPal debit card than you did at the start of this podcast. You know that the PayPal debit card gives you the ability to pay everywhere. You know that you earn 5% cash back on a category of your choosing on up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. And you know that you get to pick a new category every month. Apparel for back to school groceries for the holidays. Start earning 5% cash back with the PayPal debit card today. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International, Inc.