
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Lowe's knows that free is just better. That's why Mil Lowe's Rewards is free. To join as a member, you earn points towards my Lowe's money on eligible purchases. Get exclusive free gifts and earn free shipping at Silver Key Status. All on top of weekly member only deals. Don't wait. Join Mil Lowe's rewards for free today and start saving more Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowes.com/terms subject to change.


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and Victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers, and the new award-winning Legion Go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam OS. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere.


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's Number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off. Plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise


The Volume. Alright man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. We live in the yay with it. Allstar weekend man live for Michel. That's Club five 20 official collab man. We starting off with a with a special guest man. Special, special guest in the building. We gonna introduce my man's last, but to my far left, we got my dog Bishop be hand out the prayer release. How you what? Nasty. What's happening? Nasty. Let's get to it. I'm excited for this one for shouting to TA. He's smart guy. Listen, you see, you see how B here act when he outta time man, when we, when he ain't in uniform at all. You know this the vacation clothes man. I promise you he sharp man, you spiffy today man. My dog. What's that? What size is them? These are I think a 12. All I owe you. So bro, and then this is my laces bro.


Okay. Okay. I'm gonna grab you a pair before we get outta here. I just running a little behind today. I got some black forces on the way. I dig that. So you about to put him on some black force with the white laces? Yeah. Oh, grandfather. Yeah, I just did get the shoe shots before we left the city, so I got you nasty dig. Definitely. Yeah, for sure. To my right. We got my dog, young Nacho, young Teague. How you work man? I finally touched down in the bay so I'm hyped to be here. I'm glad to be here. All star. And we got a special guest, The real grandfather. I'm let you do the great, The real, The real TA You know which hope it is. The show was boxing. I said man, hold on. What's the description?


I don't DJ do nothing. Nah, he, he told me we was in Chicago. The only TA guy. Not for real. The only TA That's one I knew. Real. Look down. Just look around man. For real. For sure man. Fort year be a BA champ. One of the best defenders of all time, man. Part of Al the Mud podcast. If you ain't tapped in, tap in him the dog Z, by holding it down for show. The one, the only man Tony Allen Big do appreciate you sliding on this baby. What's love bro. Love man, love man. You know, You know what time it is man. Midwest podcast in the building man. For sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah man. What's been going on with y'all man? I like what y'all doing man? I appreciate y'all having me. Nah, we glad honor man to have you bro. We gotta talk about this real TA.


Yes sir. Now the Nast out to Kupo. We, and You know it's big shout out to him man. But I ain't gonna lie, man. My body of work, man. What I do, man, I ain't gonna lie. It, it ain't even that field man. My ain't no black and white. It is just straight up and down, you feel me? So when y'all was talking about it, I'm like hold on, they ain't gonna throw first team on that motherfucker. They ain't, nah, I team though ain't separate that I, I had to show some respect. I said well hold on, I usually let y'all get Y shit off, but I only know one. And that's, that's the guy for sure man to TA know how this podcast work. Anytime somebody find something we know it's gonna piss somebody else off. You know you watching for real believe bro.


Y'all are being watched bro. All my homies be telling me, bro, you gotta get on the five 20, man. You gotta, I say bro, I'm going to get on just relax. Appreciate. But I'm watching y'all straight up, bro. I, it's long overdue man. I'm here. I want to get back like to the, to the beginning man. How you end up at K Crane man? Well first, You know, we know you from Chicago. Yes, yes sir. How you landed at K Crane? Man, wild story man. Before I even got crane, man, I had dropped outta high school man. I had what grade? Shit, freshman year. Oh, oh, as soon as you started? Not, well not really when I started, once, once the grades came out and you found and I found that I, I couldn't play no high school basketball if you ain't had that GPA or your grades up. Yeah, yeah.


It was like, man, I'm going to a school where, shit, it was like a fashion show damn near. I went to, I went to Julian at first. Okay, y'all familiar with Sean Dockery? Yep. Most I went to his school before he got there. He was 50 out there. Yeah, yeah, he was, he was doing his thing and, but when I was there, shit, I was like, man, hold on, I I need to keep these Air Force ones fresh, I need to, You know what I'm saying? So the only way I could do that if I gamble. So I gamble in the, in the, You know, the PE classes, lunch classes. Okay. By the time I look up, shit, the school they over with. Damn. So I wasn't even really going to school and then, You know, that led to nothing, You know, being at being outside and when you outside, You know, will come with that. Yeah. So for sure by the time I looked up, bro, I don't know man, I, I saw my life flash before me because I was, I was outside bro.


I was hustling. I ain't gonna hold you and a couple bullets went past my head and You know, that was my, my turning point saying, You know what man, I ain't, I ain't, this ain't for me bro. I'm 6 5, 6 4. Yeah. Doing all this like this ain't me. And till this day I, I don't even speak to my cousin 'cause of the type of time he had me on. Yeah, you got me out here doing this shit. I'm, I'm a whole pro out here, you feel me? Yeah. And then that specific day we got a pro called the ITI don't know if y'all familiar with that sir. I do. And one day, when that, that day specifically when it happened, I got in a Jet living cab boom shot past, I'm looking to the writers, I said, damn, what are all these cars being out here? You know they got Bentleys, Benzs, range Rovers.


I'm like, where the hell, where is all these people going? Talking about just leaving the block shoot right to the thing. I'm thinking I gotta pay his free to get in. I'm like, why, why is so many people here? And then I ran into my boy Jason Strait. Y'all probably don't know, y'all probably don't know he played at Wyoming, but I'm asking him fool like, man what you, what you doing up? He's like, we finna play, you still hoop? I'm like, hell yeah. He like, what you hooping? I'm, I was embarrassed. I'm like bro, dropped out bro. I don't play bro. He like, come on, who by Hoop. And that game we played Sean Marion, Sean Marion was, You know he was, he was, he was doing his thing. And then shit, I ended up having like 18 points. But I was wonder still wondering like why all these people are here. The next game was Antoine Walker and Will Byner.


Oh sir. Y'all know Will the thrill baby. So listen, they in the stands watching me play. And so when I leave up at the game, You know you gotta go downstairs in the locker room, go downstairs in the locker room, will like, man, bro, like I I need you. Like, I'm like, what you mean you need, he like, bro, you go hoop bro. I'm like, he like, where you hooping at? I'm like bro, I dropped out. And so the head coach, coach Anthony Longtree, shout out Anthony Long Street who coached me at Crane. He, You know, he was all Eric and You know Will Bynum is man, You know he so he just, You know Yeah. How your grades, You know, just okay. Yeah. Like just tough on me for no reason. Yeah. And so Will was like, man, skip all that bro. I can get you in school bro.


I just took the blue division. When you in the blue division in, in, in Chicago, that mean that's the weakest division. You gonna play all the bullshit team. But when you in the red division, that's all the big time school. Ah, okay. So you gotta win the blue division to get in the red division. So the top team in the, the top team in the blue division, gold moves up to the red bottom team in the red division drops down. Yeah. Yeah. And so he was explaining that process to me and I get you in school. So boom, imagine my mama done already put me out. Like ain't if you ain't going to school, ain't no living in here. Yeah shut up. So it got to the point where, alright I'm finna, I'm finna go back to school. Real. Just say gimme to school.


Mind you, I don't even know what Crane at. Okay. I don't even know what Crane never heard of Crane. And so when I went back to my, my my where I lived at on 95th Prison Park. Shout out Prince Park loading homes to be exact. When I went back bro. All the guys like, bro, where you been at this, that and the other. And I go to my mama crib, shit this nobody in there like the furniture gone. Like the door is open like, damn, what the hell? Where my mama go? They like, bro your mama moved out about like a month ago. Damn. Damn. And I'm like bro, so then boom went back, got in the cab, went to my grandma house, got to my grandma house, said, well grandma, where my, where my mama live at?


She was like, well baby, she safe, she moved, she you, you, you outside doing what you ain't supposed to be doing. She don't want you around her kids and this, that and other you trying to be grown be grown. I said Grandma, I'm finna go back to school. She say, well baby your mama lived 2150. Russ Randolph Grandma, grandma, she grandma Hill the man. Yeah. She say yeah she moved on the west side and this was God because when I looked up and I called my mama, I'm like Mama I wanna come, I wanna come back home. And she, You know she laid that law down. You either gonna go to school, get a job, da da da, this, that another, when I told her I'm going to school, she really didn't believe it. And so when I got there she like, what a school?


I'm like, it's called Crane. She's still like, she like Boy Crane down the street. Ah damn that so happened when she moved to the west side. It was, it's a five block radius. I said damn meant to be, I said this yeah meant to be but shout out to Will Bynum 'cause he the one that, You know what I'm saying? Put that play together and that's how I got there. Oh okay. That's crazy man. That's so you got a wild ass story. Like I didn't know that. Did y'all, did y'all win Chip? No, we ain't win no chip. We, I ain't gonna lie. It was shut that blue. Y'all never made this red? Hell no. Hell no. I ain't gonna lie. It was, it's a team called Western House and they got, had, they had these cats name the Bailey brothers, they had Martel Bailey, David Bailey and Cedric Banks.


Those guys was like, they was winning I think. I don't think they lost a game. Damn. Okay. I don't think they lost a game but it was like damn, like we couldn't get past them. So it was like if I go look at Chicago Preps, you gonna be on there? No, that shit came soon as I graduate. Oh okay. I used to watch preps. I used to be like damn, prep was big. That was, that was the first reality TV to me. They was lit. I was like damn to You had EC? Yep. Shit Doc was on there. Jason Strait was on there too. Yep. Yep. Eddie Curry, all them cats was just, they was big. I ain't gonna lie that shit, whoever put that together, that was dope man. That was dope. I used to watch that shit religiously. Who the, who The best high school player to come outta Chicago to you.


Just your opinion outside of D Row bro. Put him on the spot. Nah, just high school though. Just high school. Just high school? Yeah. Let's just do high school man. We got a lot of cats but if I'm gonna get somebody some love, if I'm gonna get somebody some love, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go with Maori Sawyer. He had a Puma commercial in high school. In high school. Damn hard. What's his name again? Amari Sawyer. Hey, do your Google dude, he went to DePaul. Hey I'm talking. Hey I ain't gonna lie. I man, when I saw him with that, with that, with that commercial, I ain't gonna lie. I I was like damn I gotta step my game up. Damn now I'm talking He went to King High School? He played with Leon Smith. Oh okay. So he was nice. I'm talking about crossover.


Talking about no look passes. I'm talking about throwing LOBs and then he'll give you 30 small guard. He like 6 1, 6 1 Be decent. Luis. Tap in. What? That y'all definitely got, we we got a lot of though bro you got shit. You had had Michael Herman, he went to King got Cedric Banks, he went to Western House. The team I was telling y'all about. What about old boy that played with N Bryan class went, went with Monica Shannon Brown. Shannon Brown, Shannon Brown. You got Shannon Brown. Shout Brown be busy. Shannon Brown hang ain't on that. We we got a lot of whos, I always, I always get on Zebo head.


I was like man, man y'all right behind us. Hold on. So let's try to leave. We got a lot of on bro. Y'all right behind us. Cory, Ty Quinn, we, we, we taking in Eagle Dollar. Y'all taking Eagle? Hold on. Come on now. Y'all can't do that. Come on. I got ET too though. Yeah, Evan Turner got Evan Turner Mon Shepherd. Yeah. Come on now man we loaded. I don't, I get my OG Love Wan Howard. Mike Finley. Antoine Walker. Hey Walks Walker. You feel You know who underrated even though he made didn't get to come on. John Shi, John Shire from Chicago got buckets.


He killed, he killed John Shire High Chicago Crazy. No for quality college For sure. Yeah. Yeah he killed in high school. Let's not forget that. I don't think too many people notice how I style of basketball. 'cause I like one thing about our basketball, bro. We we gonna clear it out. Yeah, y'all, you getting our ProAm cleared out. Most definitely. Y'all want one Hold on one thing too though. Motherfucker in that defensive stance like I ain't going that motherfucker somewhere. You fucked up. And so that's how, that's, that's how that is man. And I ain't gonna lie bro. I get that, that type of energy when I played in the league because it was like, bro, y'all steady running four, five plays to try to single me out bro.


This ain't the, this ain't the lick. Y'all better move somewhere else with that shit. For real. Nah, I, our story we try to run. You probably don't remember


Who's scoring big in NBA this season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA player. Props, money lines, you name it, DraftKings got it all. New customers. Now's your chance to get on all the hoops. Action. New customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus. Best instantly. Take us to the record to Draftking Sports book where every point counts. Download the app today, use Code Club five 20. Yes. That's called Club five 20 for new customers to get $150 bonus bets for just five bucks. Only on DraftKings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 77 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g dot coast slash audio.


Yo, what's going on? DJ Wells again from Club five 20. I'm here to tell you about Mando. Listen, we know everybody likes to go out. Have a good time, especially date night. You trying to get fresh, get your hair cut your car ready, but be here. What's the non-negotiable? Nah, for sure it's that deodorant and it's more, you can use it more than under your Orange Man. Use it for your feet, under your knees, under your ball sack. Ladies under the ties and around your neck area too. So come on man. Mando got you covered, man. They gonna keep you clean, keep you dry. They got a lot of products for you to Choose from. And also you get a little bit of something special if you miss a club. Five 20. When you make your first purchase from Mando, make sure you support the podcast. Use that promo Code Club five 20 for new users. Your first starter pack, you get $5 off mentioning us. So make sure you tap in. Shop mando.com Club five 20.


Dell Technology is celebrating with the anniversary savings on their most popular tech. For a limited time only, save us select NextGen PCs like the XPS 16 powered by Intel core Ultra processor and more, unleash more possibilities with cutting edge systems. There's most advanced features and great prices. Plus curate your dream. Set up the deals on select monitors. Mice and more must have electronics and accessories when you shop online. dell.com/deals. You'll have access to the state of art technology to match your forward thinking, spirit and free shipping on everything. Anniversary Servings await you for a limited time only at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community, the the values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live.


Get in the zone AutoZone Ooh got a dash light on the AutoZone. Free fix finder service can read your check engine a, b, s and other warning lights to help you find the fix. You'll get an easy to read report with clear next steps. And we can recommend a trusted local shop if you need one. It's the most complete free warning light report backed by technician verified fixes the free fix finder service with shop referral only at AutoZone. Get in the zone. Auto zone Restrictions apply.


I remember you came off the bench, we was at Memphis, you came off the bench this game and you came and you had, y'all know TA I used to be like, man, this nigga dirty, this nigga had powder all on his short. Everything like I'm like, damn man, that nigga don't give a fuck because I, I play, I wipe myself too. I play, I play with Joe. The they do all they hair before the game. Yeah. TA come out. He got, he get the powder smacking on his legs. I'm like, look at this nigga's uniform. So we try to run this out of bounds. This out of timeout play. Yeah, he stole the ball four times in a row from smooth. Like he tried to make a pass, he stole it. He tried to do something else.


He stole it and he stole it a third time. And they called a timeout. LD called a timeout. He was like smooth. Was like, no, run that shit man. We got it. We gonna run this fucker. He stole it the fourth out. All that rolling. He running around like this, lay the ball up. And I'm like, this nigga cold on d he just running around holding his finger. I'm like, and I'm just on a bench bro. I ain't playing at this time on a bench. Rolling. That is crazy bro. I'm like, keep keep the ball away from that nigga. Man. Swoo like no man, no nigga ain't right. He ain't cut right straight. Swear to God. I was running. I ain't gonna laugh man. Hey, one thing about I always played Atlanta, I I always felt like shit I wanted to play there.


I ain't gonna lie. I worked out for them. Oh for you? In my, in my when when my pre-draft workout and I'm talking about I killed bro. I'm talking about Kill. It was me, The real Wright and Trevor Re and I think what's his name? Don Smith? Yeah. Yeah. He got drafted. He got, they they picked Don Smith? Yeah when they, they was telling me they were talking to me like they was gonna move up in the draft and get me and this all up. I'm like damn. And then they, they ain't drafting, they ain't do what they said they was gonna do. So shit, every time I saw it was probably better. You went to Boston? Yeah, Trudat. Truett. You going to Atlanta in 2000? What? Five. Oh was outside B on the way? Yeah, that's right.


Yeah That's that's right. I came, I came to oh nine and it still was popping outside. Yeah bro. Oh four. Whoa. For sure. Yeah for sure man we gotta get to the call Jays though. Obviously we know you went to Juco but you lookeded up with one of the five 20 A alumni Baby J Luke Man for sure. J Luke. That's my boy man. I ain't gonna lie man. And the crazy part how he got there man Will Nu was supposed to come, will Bynum had just transferred from Arizona to go to Tech Right. To Georgia Tech. But listen, he told my whole coaching staff, hey I'm on my way, I'm leaving Arizona through with this. I'm on my way. Yeah. So we waiting, we waiting bro. Coaches calling me all night. Hey where your boy at?


Did he did he did he detour somewhere else? Where you going before we went to Atlanta? Man we wake up man we here Will Bynum has committed to Georgia Tech. Boom. Me. I'm like damn, so I'm calling him, he ain't answer. I'm like all right then all of a sudden John Lucas fell in out hand and through the technical difficulty, the technicality that he was going through with the, with the Baylor situation, I'm pretty sure he told y'all about that. Yeah that was, that was real unfortunate man. I ain't gonna lie out but fortunate for us, You know he came and was a a, a big key to our success man. And what we did there in Oklahoma State. Man I'm talking about there be times right, it be times bro. J Luke be like Bro we pros, we pro we gotta act like pros.


So once he was telling me that, I'm like bro lead, I'm like, you right. We do gotta work hard. We gotta work hard. So once he told me that I would go to the gym at night, I'll catch him in the gym, boom, he'll come to the gym at night. I'll try to get there before him. So now it's like who gonna leave first? Yeah, it be times where I'm talking about the man so clever. He'll act like he done and then right when I go in and I'm done he go right back out. Yeah that so we had that like type of competitive nature is just say who gonna get that work in? And all while we played with each other, he always influenced me and told me like, bro, you a pro. Like he's like, I'm gonna get you there. He, he take credit for my success in getting to the pros. I don't know why but always.


But it sounds like he a big part of it though. Yeah, I mean, I mean I, one thing he did he, 'cause I ain't gonna lie, I I never did get that motherfucker Right. I'm clanking, I'm the king of clanking that motherfucker. But I ain't gonna lie, he did put that battery in my back to say bro you gotta keep coming back at night shooting. Yeah. And I done seen him get up like two 3000 shots up in one day. Yeah. That's him, you feel what I'm saying? And he ado like his body was trained to do that shit. And I was like damn, how you do this bro, I'm gonna go up here and gimme me 200 shots up. I'm getting up outta here bro. Shit, ain't that. Yeah that's him. You feel what I'm saying? That's Yeah and to try to make 200 shit, that was a lot for me. So you was always defensive minded though? Nah, hell no man. I used to, I used to, man I was in college. I no bro, listen bro, listen this in out cross of the year.


I respect bro. That in out cross. Yes sir. That motherfucker was dead. Ain't lie. Look, look killer. When I, when I got to Oklahoma State, bro, I ain't even lie. When I got to Oklahoma State, bro, my junior college coach, You know because I went to Juco, I went, I went to but Community College of Kansas got kicked outta there. Yeah. I was freshman of the year there averaging 16 points a game. No, you was acting on, got kicked out. They called me smoking weed. The acting letter director came, tried to gimme my award. He see smoke coming all out my room. Man. Folk kicked me outta there so fast. But just through the grace of God, that's how, look how God worked because the national junior college team that won it that year Yeah. Was missing a two guard.


Mm. So the first thing they did was like all y'all kicked him outta school. We could use him, send him down here to Illinois and boom, I went to Walez Valley and then y'all finna know this name right here. I went down there with a cat name Antoine Barber. Yeah, I know him. It's a bunch of kids from Nap went to Wabash. Yeah, Reese, Lynn, Robert Lu, Greg. Yeah. They they a lot younger than you though. Yeah. So when, when I got there, Antoine Barber won National Junior College. MVP. Yeah. So he won MVP that specific year he was supposed to leave and go to the league. 'cause look you had three junior college guys that could have went to the league. Yeah. Well actually two of 'em actually went Kendrick Brown. Yeah. And Quintel Woods.


Yeah he was, he was on that draft board too. Remember mock draft? Yeah, I know they still got the mock. Hell yeah. Okay, so the mock draft, he was, he was on that draft board. He came back to school. So when he came back to school, he got everybody coming to the schools. I'm talking about Michigan State. I'm talking about all the big boys schools. Yeah. And so when he was, when he was getting all that notoriety during that time Oklahoma State was recruiting and so when they was recruiting, You know how at that time they couldn't really talk to you, they couldn't say nothing to you. They'll try to get your attention and Yeah, they tried to do all that old extra and shit. Hell, at one time he was winking at me. He like, I'm like Pause ain't gonna, because that was my man.


That was my man. But you did that and for real. So when he did that, it was like damn. I'm like all right. But he got to be be interested because he trying to get my attention obviously. Yeah. Yeah. And so when every, when all the smoke cleared Antoine Barber went to Kentucky. Yep. So boom, by him staying got me that notoriety. I believe I always say that. And when we used to, I used to be playing against him, me and him used to go at it. Bro, I ain't gonna lie. We go at it one-on-ones Fon five, we playing five on five look like a one-on-one because we going at each other out there. Yeah. But it made us, it made us, like you said, iron sharp and iron. We ended up losing in the National Junior College Champ, not championship Final four. And then once my, like I said when Smoke Clear, I had Creighton, Cincinnati, Arizona State in Oklahoma State.


Yeah. What made you put like choose Oklahoma State though? Being from Chicago, like I think you probably picked Cincinnati somewhere. That's I Cincinnati didn't wanna go to ci, I did wanna go to Cincinnati. But You know who they picked? Who they signed? Who? Tony. Bobby. Tony Bobby. He was nice there too. I, he was nice. Was nice. So when they picked up Tony, Bobby, I'm like nah, I'm straight. And I didn't want to go on the west coast. Yeah. And it was like Creon, I'm like whoever went to the league for Creon, you could have that have been tough shout about Kyle Corver. Oh yeah. Shut out to, oh man. That was after though man. No. Yeah, he cool guy. He never got a bucket on me but he cool guy, cool guy that a game.


Meanwhile, meanwhile no. So when I went on a visit, You know, You know we had the legendary coach that was, that was the only reason. And then they had, he had about like eight ESPN games. Yeah. And y'all familiar with Mo Baker? Yeah, I know, I know who that is. I was watching how they was letting him get loose the year before me. So I'm like damn that spot open. Yeah. So when I got in front, when I got in front of Coach Sutton, I just flat out asked him like Coach if I stand here am I going to the league? He looked at me and was like, You know he put his legs up and he was like, well the coaches say that You know you are a great defender.


You, you're very athletic. I'm like Coach wait a minute, you ain't never saw me play. What the hell you trusted this guy? I'm like wait a minute, wait a minute. So assistant coaches before, he's like, and I didn't know that. I'm like alright. I'm like alright cool. He was like, but if you listen to everything I say defensively and You know be a star in your role and You know do everything I tell you offensively and execute it. I don't see why not. I'm like Coach what, what, what, what I say and I ain't lie to, You know and nah he ain't lie to me. So shout out rest Peaces Eddie seven. I always get my love bro. You know loves and respect to him because I asked him, man he kept it G you feel me? For sure man. And that's, you say okay stay. You know what I'm saying? You going up playing with a thrill then you catch him in the final four after the whole, he's supposed to be on y'all team situation.


That's crazy. What's that energy like bro? I ain't gonna lie. I always say, I always say I kinda because I ain't in college no more. I always say man I think I jagged that year because listen, we doing our study halls and You know we have to do our work and we gotta, You know we gotta be focused. Yeah they got us on curfew. Damn. So at this time, You know you remember on the phones you could send video messages. So this man sent me a video message. They kicking it. They got the sweet, they got little chicks over there, they got Tray Bobby out there.


I'm like J Luke look at this J Luke like man don't do it bro. Don't do it. He's like, I say bro, fuck this curfew. I'm go three man. They cracking over there bro. I ain't gonna lie. 10 o'clock hit bro. I let them coaches come in. Do they check bro. As soon as they left I walk right out there behind them. I'm on the elevator going downstairs. Boom Cab. Yeah take me across the street man went over across the street man we over there man drinking Hennessy. We turned, they got the music vibe. I'm talking about Chicks just running all through that mo. I'm like man I ain't leave that motherfucker till about four in the morning man blew me game at five o'clock.


I'm like damn I'm talking about I ain't sober up till second half. I'm talking about man it blew me by the time I look up man, I'm looking at it is tag game. Ron had like, I think I got like 13 points. I'm like 4, 4 11 man, I'm, I'm my last three games I done, I done had like 22, 24. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I think I had 11 a game before that because I had to lock up Jamil, Nelson and Delonte. Yes sir. Man. So we, I just knew if we beat them and we got to Ben Gordon them I say this going to be all I need to do is get to Ben Gordon and you league and I'm not even League I'm Lottery. If I could lock up Ben Gordon and, and show the world I'm lottery.


So what ended up happening was, man will Bynum end up coming off of pick and roll Hazel and J Luke floating it over over Joy Graham. Yep. Y'all know Joy Graham? Yep. Sir Twin. So Joy Grant and then right then in that timeout Brian, I ain't gonna lie. That's why. And Luke, You know I, You know I did this boy coach like Eddie son like oh J we gonna sub j Luke. He was trying to go offense defense manager. I'm like hell no we, I'm like no J Luke staying in we finna get this win. J Luke gonna get this stop. We up one will Bonham shoulda came to Oklahoma State. You feel me? On that type of town. I'm standing up for my homie. Yeah you from Chicago. We doing that. Coach was like, oh alright come on, bring it in.


We bring it in man J Luke man Phil for that weekend. I said oh hell no. J Luke talking about Y on YouTube. Think this motherfucker doing three sixties in the layup line. Man he put that weak as float. I said man I couldn't do nothing but look back and just hold my head down. But I had sobered up by then. I'm like damn we lost. I'm like we lost. So then look right, we go into the, we, You know the, You know the coaches come in, they come in all mad and shit. They got, they head down, they, they walking, they pacing. They don't wanna say nothing. Yeah man, one of the coaches bust out Tony Allen.


I'm like what I'm looking up, You know we crying these motherfuckers, You know like man, I'm thinking like damn I'm crying. I'm like man I'm hoping they see that I feel some type of way man. He bust out said I know you were out last night. Yeah we know that. He was like, so when the NBA coaches and called for you we were gonna fuck you. Damn. Damn. I'm like what? I start crying again. I start crying again. I'm like damn. All I could think like damn the wheel just fines me. I have leave. Because you gotta realize when he went and played against Ben go, he killed him. He had like 19 in the championship game.


Yeah but they lost. But I, I, I think that was my matchup. I ain't gonna lie about I always tell Bingo there when I see him too. I be like damn bro I was, I been on that matchup. Ben was tough. He was tough man. You don know how high he was. Nah he was, nah we know rookie year six minute I ca who at Detroit? One of my first games I got to play. They ran two chest the whole game. He cooked me. That's his, he's in the middle man got that side. Yeah cooked me. He probably scored 13 in a row. I was like yeah I'm, I ain't ready for two guard. Hey look they were calling him Ben Jordan at one point. Nah for real? Yeah. Oh for sure man. Crazy, crazy. Who was, who was the hardest matchup in college for you though? Man? A lot of people don't know man.


Andre Emmett recipe for Andre Emmett something. This man, it wasn't no stopping him getting 30 bro. Wasn't no stop all midrange. Yeah. Dang. That's crazy Big boy baskets. Nah he was cold bro. I'm talking about he putting our five man in the post. Damn. No for real. And it is like damn, every time I face him it would be like either I have a good game and then he'll just have a better game or he'll just do something late in the game and just take over. Like I don't know what was about his game. I'm talking about real unorthodox shot and everything but he just getting buckets. He knew how to get buckets man. And if I had to say one more tough matchup, I think his name Barron Mouton?


Yeah. Yeah. Texas or Texas. Yeah. Texas had buckets man. Oh man he used to, he used to be a problem bro. Ain. He used hoop forces. Yeah. Damn. Did he, he used to be a pro force bro. For sure. Yeah. Other than that. Yeah. Okay. I'm did you always have the handle because I mean when people know you from the league, they know you from playing defense. But I remember you from college. I, I've been a basketball fan my whole life. And when you got buckets in college, like when we talking about, but you always had handle like people underestimated when you got in the league. I'm like that motherfucker could dribble my, one of my best friends back home named Phil. You was his guy? Yeah. So like Oklahoma State. You was his guy. I was going for St. Joe's, I was Jamir Nelson Del. Oh man. T-shirts baby. It was my guys.


They wore big T-shirts man. Hooped them was wrong. Was wrong. That was tough. That was tough. That was my spot. But we was right on they heels that whole yeah they was one. We was two. Yeah. My buddy fucked with okay he fucked the St. Joe's but okay. State we played March Madness. He getting okay State. Yeah. He like Tony Allen Gold though. And I'm like, and so when we got older and I seen you, You know you was known for defense. I'm like yeah he can't dribble no more. He used to, You know, in my head. But I know the league, You know when you get to the league they give you a role and change you but, and but no I it's a Chicago thing. I ain't gonna lie. And then I played with Will the Thrill. So it was like every time, man me, me and three people don't know me and Thrill used to put on Jump SOS bro.


All my senior year in high school, junior and senior high school, I walked around with them jump. So You know them shoes after East Bay bro. Everybody in school used to be like who? Look at this goofy as ass. Hey Rodney Carney on me got some shoes. Ronnie Carney used to walk around the city in bro. Yeah. And I'm talking about bus shoes. Oh lord. And one thing for short two, I need some of them down. They you used trying to get back in it. Check my brother made me some strip shoes. Tears though, bro. You had some homemade strip shoes. My brother put a block of wood under some old gym shoes put a nail in it. Oh yeah because I walk around in that shit. Oh yeah Terrell, that's why your knees ain't worth for deal. It ain't because you jump. I didn't know that homemade strip shoes nigga pour overt the Home Depot joint made it with a block of got a horror story bro.


Up bro. Damn shout my brother Terrell out to Tee Mant. He tried though, was talking count. It was thought to count but no man, me, him used to just play one-on-one and so just picking up his attributes like I'm like damn that like how he do it. Like because he hit you while left. Boom. You know what I'm saying? So I couldn't, I couldn't do it like that. So I had to, You know, come into it like that with the in and out. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. And it was always left or right, You know what I'm saying? Yeah man, I, I couldn't get it really like that going that way. But no man, Chicago, man, you gotta, one of the things we always taught man, you gotta be able to handle that ball. You feel what I'm saying? If you can't handle that ball, man you what, what you gonna do on the court, You know what I'm saying? And it, it is one of them things man I inherited early as a kid and I don't know man handling that ball to me when I got in the league I couldn't show it simply because it was more like all right we need you to be doing 50 50 shit.


Like you need to be getting loose balls. Yep. Catching it in transition, getting deflections like that's what they fed to me. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And my first year, shit, that's what I had to do. Shit to try to get on the court. So I know you said, You know, Atlanta said they was gonna pick, You know we in your draft draft process right now, how was that first day of practice or what was that draft process like? Oh man, the draft process was crazy. I had how many, I found out how many teams was in 2004. I worked out with everybody except Toronto. Damn. You feel what I'm saying? And so I felt I was the best in shape. I, it was some workouts man I ain't gonna be alive man.


Cats would pull out, they'd see me getting the best, You know like stomach hurt or Yeah. Oh pull a hamstring. You know what I'm saying? And I'd be mad bro. I be like, I'll tell it the coaches like come on man, y'all gotta get some more competitors in here man. What y'all doing? The full court one on one shit. All that damn all that. That shit's terrible. And I'm talking about you did that in 30 cities, nigga 30. I'm, look, look, I per, I was the, I was in the best shape bro. Yeah. That was the best shape of my life bro. And I ain't gonna lie. It is, it is. The process could be, it could be draining but man we was trying to get, I'm trying to feed my family. Nah. You know what I'm saying? So it promotive it really, it really didn't matter man.


They, well they, well all I, all I needed was one team bro. Yeah. And in that process that's all you need is one team though. That's a fuck. And it's crazy that one team would've been in Boston Celtics 25 first round pick. It's crazy. 'cause you was there in Boston pre-K g and then post you helped KG get to the championship. I was that just touching down in Boston. I know they was going through a little bit of a transition moving on made Walkers. Yeah I was part of that team. I was part of that team that lost 18 games in a row. Yeah, Jefferson. Yeah. And I'm talking, I'm saying bro but hold on though, hold on though. That's the Hennessy hotel I'm telling you. But look, we was getting busy though. I'm talking about it was so bad bro.


You know we was in the losing culture because when you come in in the locker room and you got the stat sheet right there at half time trying to see how you doing bro. Its a losing why you looking at the stat sheet at like USDA and then, but I ain't gonna, I had like a beat 'cause I told my A CO my third year and that and man it's one of the freak accidents. One of the things I really regret in the league is playing after the whistle. And I hate when players do it today but don't, none of 'em falling hurt, get hurt like I did. I don't know how that damn happen but tweak it man. I was averaging like, I wanna say a good like 18, 19 a game.


I'm talking about on like a 10 game span. Paul Pierce had just got his extension, then he went to the media and was like I need some help, da da. I'm saying to myself, damn he trying to get some folks up outta here. Most definitely. But it was one day like he had came to me was and shut it down. He was like, yo, I'm I'm shutting it down, da da da. He was like, you got the juice now nigga that outta pocket. I'm like word. He like, yeah you starting today, get ready and walked away bro. That's all he needed to tell me. I'm telling, I'm telling you bro. Like a 18 game, I mean a 18 per game. Points per game streak bro. And specifically that day, bro, I was, I was going up against Stack Jack, You know Stack Jack, great Defender, OG at the time, You know what I'm saying?


I'm looking at the skull, I'm like damn we playing Indiana. I got like 19 with like six minutes, seven minutes left in the third. I'm saying to myself I might get 40 today. I of course I, I'm like I might get 40 And so I was feeling good. I blew past him. He fouled me, You know the whistle blow and then this is right around the time and LeBron, LeBron came into the league put making this look sexy. Yeah. So I tried to do one of them man. And didn't quite get up there man. Fell dead on my shit man that shit pop so loud. Al har like, yo, I'm like, oh I'm talking about, I'm talking about and that shit was hurting so bad then Steven Jackson like what is you doing bro?


Why would you do that bro? Why would you do that? And boom, all I remember just getting to the back thinking like no ain't nothing wrong with it. Ain't nothing wrong with it. Boom. Tried to walk on it again man I fell out. Boom clapped. He like yeah yo you to your ACL. I was crying, I was hurt. And from then, You know, it was, it was, it was two things that could happen 'cause I end up, You know, I had some, I had some troubles, some legal troubles or whatever and it was two things that could happen bro. It was I get my knee right, adapt to the, my role do it 110% or if I don't try to come back here and try to be on some clear out shit, You know what I'm saying, my ass is out the league. Yeah. And that was the reality of that. So when I came back, man, we had traded everybody but me and Ronda sir.


You know what I'm saying? That that, that summer we got rid of Delonte West, got rid of Gerald Green, Rone Al Jefferson and Wally Zeria. Yeah. Everybody was gone. And so I'm like damn, why they keep me? Because they didn't extend me, You know, my third year. No they could extend your third year. Yeah. Yeah. You played through your fourth year then did a bad kick in. So they signed, they signed Al Jefferson four year like 70 something and brought, we got kg like that we took, we sent Wally Zer act to Seattle and we got Yeah. And so right then and there I'm like damn, hold on. We got three hall of famers. Like what the hell, what what do I fit in at?


And Doc Rivers, he had You know, pulled me to the side, brought me and he was like, you see what happened? I'm like, what? Like yo, we traded everybody, we kept you like so in order for you to get on this court and and play, you need to be doing everything they not doing. 'cause they are scores, they're gonna get majority of shots. Like you need to be getting loose balls, taking charges, DA on the floor, get deflections playing the passing lane and shoot when you get low clock. I'm like damn. Now wide open, low clock. So me, I'm wide open. 18 on the clock. That ain't a good shot coach. Hell no. I say, okay, cool.


Dell Technology is celebrating with the anniversary savings on their most popular tech. For a limited time only save a select next Gen PCs like the XPS 16 powered by Intel core Ultra processor and more, unleash more possibilities with cutting edge systems. There's most advanced features and great prices. Plus curate your dream. Set up the deals on select monitors, mice and more must have electronics and accessories when you shop online dell.com/deals, you'll have access to the state of art technology to match your forward thinking, spirit and free shipping on everything. Anniversary Servings await you for a limited time only at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for Us. Just this overall sense of community, the values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live.


Get in the zone auto Zone. Welcome to the A to Z savings event at Auto Zone. Yeah, happy to be here. Can I get some rotors? Would you like brake pads with that? How much are the brake pads free? With the rotors free. Really, really free. Okay. I also need some oil. Would you like an oil filter with that? Yeah. How much is that free with? Five quarts of oil free. Really, really free. It's part of the A to Z savings event. You might as well call it a of free at AutoZone. Get In the zone. Zone Restrictions apply.


That kept be though. That's love. That's what's up. But he kept it G though. You feel what I'm saying? Like ain't too many coaches running up on you like, like if they ain't fucking with you and they and they know your window short. Yeah, they just going to throw you out there. Yeah. Hey fuck up then they looking upstairs at the gym like yeah. Oh God, that's how Woody was doing me. That's crazy. Get his ass out like he did. You wondering like okay but then he, he kept me and I ain't gonna lie man, that was the most stressful year. I ain't gonna lie. Trying to get back, You know what I'm saying? Get over my, You know my things I had going on and just my knee man just, I couldn't, I was, I was scared I had to wear the brace. I'm talking about the brace looking so bad. I ain't gonna lie. I remember what time I had the brace on and Chris Wilcox tried to come set a pig and his, his knee hit my, my brace.


He like damn wooden leg at me. You injured that Chris Wilcox because technology wasn't hip then. Nah bro, that's on cold. See Boston Brace did bro. Oh that that man that brace was so, I hated that brace, bro. I ain't gonna lie. Nah. Chris Bo used to wear that brace. That shit used to hurt when he said scream that shit. For real. No, for real. And, and I ain't gonna lie, I was, I was still trying to just get back seeing, trying to get my bounce. I was timid, I was scared. But I went through the process man, and I was able to start, You know, just strengthening my knee and got back. So big shout out to Brian De and Walter Norton and folks got me back. Right. Man. Strength and conditioning folks. It took a full year, huh?


Shake back. It took a full year to shake back. Ooh. Yeah, it took Dan there. 'cause I I heard it the middle and of the season and I ain't come back. Yeah, it took about a whole oh year. About a year. Yeah, a year. I think I came back early then. It was contract year. It was my fourth year. So it was like shit, I was, if it, if it was seven months, I had to get back out there, you feel me? Yeah, for sure. And what's crazy is, like you said, contract situation, you going to, You know what I'm saying? That, that championship year man, how was that run? Man, what I like about that is the way we, we came together, we was in Italy. We started in Italy and Tig p ray pose, I mean per, You know, the starting fab pretty much they all went bald and like we gonna be on the same accord.


Which made, which formed the bench mob. 'cause we was like, all right, two things could happen. These we gotta be on the same page like them. Yeah, that's what that was. That message right there and there and we set forth the, the, the, the title vision right then and there. Like we go, man, training camp was hard. I'm talking about everybody getting extra shots up, guys getting there early. Like, like we set the foundation right then and there. Man. I'm talking about some of the best scrimmages man I probably been a part of man. And I don't know, it was just felt like, felt like, like Doc knew what he was doing. You knew y'all was gonna win and did all y'all cut y'all hair off? Nah, You know I had to keep my face bitch. I didn't wanna go over there because a couple them niggas didn't have no choice.


Man. My peanut, I got a peanut bro. I ain't gonna lie. I can't, I can't, I couldn't have did it man. I ain't gonna lie. I, I remember Eddie house like shit, shit. Eddie was gonna keep the wave shit. So what you want hard is your five niggas? No man, you going ball. Nah, I have to bro. Come on. Hell no. And so that, but I think that right there man, it, it just showed that they was sacrificing everything man. And they came together man. And, and You know who else was like a, a real voice in the locker room man was was James pose, You know he had that swagger like You know I been there before like when we be fucking up, this ain't it man, this ain't it. Brothers ain't championship spirit right here.


Like he'll be the first one Check everybody I'm talking about let ticket them though. Yeah. This ain't it. Like he'll tell p nah that that ain't it bro. Bo been on the weak side bro. You got like, he a straightened guy. Not in a disrespectful way but more so like bro I been to the promised land. Yeah, what y'all doing ain't it? Yeah. And so I always took sheets outta his book bro. You know what I'm saying? I'm talking about the guy used to come in there bro with a laptop, big ass laptop. They give him the, You know the edits on who he's sticking. He'll watch they ISOs, he'll watch they transitions, he'll watch they offensive rebound, he'll watch they catching shoots and he'll be watching that all the way until damn like game time or not until it is time to go get his treatment.


Yeah because I, our treatment table, we ran some old heads, it was everywhere, all the motherfucker and I didn't listen, I didn't understand what the hell the treatment table was. I'm like why the hell these motherfuckers sit on that table so long? But when I, I was young I was learning from those veterans and seeing how they take care of they body, seeing how they prepare. Ray Allen get that three, four hours early, get shots up he shower, he in a hot tub, cold tub now he reading the book. I'm like damn, okay that's how you get ready ticket. He got damnit, he got this heat pack, he's got his feet on the heat pack. He's sitting there just ain't saying nothing to nobody. I'm like damn, what, what he meditating getting ready go in there do about 50 squats with the dumbbells.


I'm like damn, okay. He getting ready then Paul he was just, he was just a, he was just hilarious. He coming there bro. He just, he, he was like, he look at your shoes like what's Stone killer. Like he was just, he was just too freelance, You know what I'm saying? So you really didn't want, I really didn't want take nothing outta his book. I ain't gonna lie because lie yeah I didn't wanna take none outta his book bro. But I always listened to him when he got serious and he was in my ear, I always listened to him, You know what I'm saying? And just taking those guys professionalism, I think it carried on to my career. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. I use that as like damn okay going running in the PPA before you go and get to the game right before the game.


That ain't, that ain't healthy, You know what I'm saying? Not getting enough rest that ain't healthy. You know what I'm saying? All this extra ass shit I was doing before pre ACL after ACL when they got there. I straightened my whole professionalism up. I ain't gonna hold you for sure. I want to ask how does it feel to see them now in different spaces you see KG and and Pete with they show you see Kendrick Perkins on ESPN like to know them personally and see how they are to to be the new media. How's that now? 'cause they all represent The real stuff. Like y'all one together, You know they real dudes especially behind basketball. Yeah man and and they cut from a C man they're sold separate. Yeah. Yeah them guys some real dudes man. I ain't gonna lie. When we played together man, we did everything together, You know what I'm saying? Kg forcibly made everybody one team, one goal.


You see what I'm saying? We gonna go out together, we gonna go in together, we gonna go win together. You feel what I'm saying? He made that cliff soon as he got in the dope. You feel what I'm saying? And then Hold on, hold on, hold on. Hey they loud as hell. I thought you was about to say I was but that works too. Even better. Yeah. Calm down. I lost my train of thought but no we Mitchell net, shout to Mitchell net. You know what's love, You don't get old shit down Junior.


Junior be cool but no man. I ain't gonna lie those guys bro. I ain't gonna lie. Those guys ain't gonna lie man. You gotta understand where they coming from. They, because if you look at today's game, they probably might be a little too outright for today's game. You know what I'm saying? The way they play, they, they how vocal they are. Yeah they, they they, they got the alpha male syndrome, You know what I'm saying? Right. And I don't think that's allowed in locker rooms today. And I just look at it like damn man they like I said they cut from a cloth that ain't even sold no more down there 'cause they real dudes man. And when you hear what they talking about, you actually gotta understand what the leagues and the Times and the eras that they played in.


It was a no bullshit type era. Right. You feel what what I'm saying they come ticket played in an era where you could hand check a motherfucker. Now do you, can you imagine having to hand check a motherfucker for 94 feet and get away with it? How many motherfuckers Danny come? I ain't doing that. How many stills you have? You could do that. What I I at least five. At least five off the muscle. If you get five that mean you gonna have a few games with 10. Yeah seven. Nah, You know what I'm saying? But, and the errors that they played in, I just think you gotta respect they g when they talking or giving their opinion and I like the space that perks in Perks in a more corporate type podcast or You know, whatever, whatever. But he doing his thing man.


Shout out big Perk man. I used to call him Swamp Thing boy Get the sweat that coming out there song. I be like God boy it just swamp. That's crazy. He he, he inherited that nickname too. He liked Yeah that swamp thing. Perfect. We gonna talk about that Swamp thing is great Swamp Tank dude, that's that's what I order at Papa's. Oh God. Oh god. That's what I and papa though it, it's funny because see you talk about TA's handle so I always think about KP every time we pop up as him drop in the driveway group 13, that was a TA TA TA talking in out in out no big fella.


I ain't gonna lie, he always wanted to be like a guard man. He used to try to come and get in our drills when we was we warm up and stuff like that. Yeah he loves like shooting jump shots. I ain't gonna lie. Big fella always had guard mentality but yeah them them guys. I ain't gonna gonna lie. Like I said, I like the space they in there for sure, for sure. Man listen man, y'all got it done man. We, before we get to no saying the next chapter of your career, we gotta talk about that championship man. It gets to Lakers man. Damn belt to ass situation on the lowest of keys. Yeah I ain't, You know y handled that, You know we, we won one lost one to Yeah most definitely. So the one that we won, I think, You know I ain't play that much. I ain't finna sit on here Cap. I it was all James po. It was James Po. Now y'all bitching was going crazy man listen I ain't getting the game was up 30 or 30 game y'all, but, but one thing for sure too certain I'm different than you Joe.


Hey because because listen, listen when I got my little time I tried to share and when we kicked it I went and kicked it. Hell with y'all kicked it. We ain't kicked it. Where we going? Vegas. Oh yeah come on Ray. I be on that jet itself. I'll be right there with you. We ain't gonna talk about that. Get shout out to Milwaukee. We try, we trying to make it right. Y'all didn't turn up. I know you went and played some video games and shit man I went back to the crib. Hell no I popping champagne man. I got, I wanted to do all that. Where you go? I was gonna be the craziest one in Vegas. That shit was fun. I was gonna have a big major bottle. I was gonna act like I had 30 a night. That's what you was supposed to do bro. Yeah I was gonna turn it up for him but didn't nobody wanna go But look, I ain't gonna lie on one thing about our championship, the only thing out there that was funny to me bro, You know, You know you go through, you think it's about to be unlimited bottles of champagne and throwing.


Yeah man I look at the DVD the other day man. And they got clips a ticket pouring Miller's light on me bro. Bro, what's wrong with y'all? How y'all run outta motherfucking mo man? What's going on man? Hey, hey I'm just saying yeah like it's crazy like Chicago niggas is outta pocket. No I had, I had a big bottle of Kora. Oh Lord. Yeah I was walking around with the, the Leaf y'all walking around with that ran outta Moab. It was crazy.


Where'd y'all go out to? Did y'all go to the club? Yeah, no I think we went, we went over ticket crib. You know Ticket had the big boy match. Yeah everybody went over there kicked it. You know that that was big though. I ain't gonna lie. I I fuck with the Celtics organization man. They, they, they showed love man ain't gonna lie. They You know they big time organization facts. I remember you saying something about the food at at at when they get outta shoot around. Yeah they do that at Topnotch. You know they do, You know what I'm saying? Go on the road, they got brunch go on the road, they food after. I love it the way they handle all they business though. Yeah for sure man they did that. They was fire when I played there for my half, half a year.


Cup of coffee. Yeah my cup of coffee. It was definitely top notch though for sure. But losing it as far as getting to the, to the, to the 2010 one which I thought we should have won Kobe shot his, his worst percentage of us shooting that year. That that's that's talk your shit. No no for real. I'm just giving you, this is shit was nigga you damn nigga be humble. Nah you talk talk your shit like you was in the club talking there. That was you. We was at D Rowes walking up on me. Fuck that story. This nigga walking on me. Listen this nigga nigga don't looking good motherfuckers away from me.


No everybody shaking my head. Shout out to my nigga D Rose. This nigga walk up to talking about him and this nigga I forgot Shout out to homie me two I four little project. Yeah Shout out to project nigga. Nigga don't nobody know you nigga move nigga far nigga drunk ass nigga. That motherfucker vibe like yeah like You know you shit, You know you want all that shit. I said let go straight. You my city nigga and I know you don five acting up. You talking about making everybody upset. Everybody scared this motherfucker here. I that's know everybody taking pictures the nigga and shit.


Crazy, crazy. But yeah man like I say that that specific year bro I honestly I was taking everything outta James Posey book. Okay. And I don't think he get his flowers. Shout to James Posey, he don't get his flowers bro. And man I was able to just lock in watch Kobe's jab step watch his footwork in the post, watch his head fake head, fake head fake. 'cause I had my rookie year I had fouled out six, I had 6,008 minutes. Damn. So, so yeah. So wait Coach said you, you said fuck right, they threw me in the blender, You know what I'm saying but it took years and years and years and years and years of studying that man after Posey left and that was like, that's how I was able to key in on him.


Like all right I ain't finna fall for that head fake no more. I ain't finna that jab step you doing, you gonna have to swing through and go all the way that, that, that fade away. I'm, I ain't contesting with my left hand. I'm contesting that way we fade to the right. Yeah I'm, I ain't contesting with my right hand, I'm contesting with my left hand, You know what I'm saying? I ain't foul you on your elbow no more. I ain't scared of you no more dude. Mm Pretty much. And that finals like I say Doc Rivers, he rode it with his his guys as he should, You know what I'm saying? Right. So I'm gonna roll with the guys who, who's been proven who's been in the league and did that. But if per wouldn't have got hurt bro. I was about to say if per didn't get hurt you could play that game. That last game Swamp thing wouldn't have got hurt bro. We the won that championship. Most definitely then after that man, You know man nah I think if, if Pep plays that bro.


He was locking, he was locking them guys up. He was having a hard time. He was bro but ing them and Paul they was having a hard time. Nah they was fell. Yeah I think, I think honestly they would've get that serious if he plays for sure. You, you a hard you ing judge. I fuck with them. Show boys, You know K You know it's still checkup every time I see you. But I don't know man. I just think it was a life style he really wanted play him bro. The match up between him and Ticket man, they got ticket play him bro. That nigga got me fucked up Ball. Nah was really mad Bray, I was mad play with me. Yeah mother right now. No he no he take it there. I ain't gonna, I look at like, I was like that bullshit.


We'll take a side too. Take it. No we showed, we talked that what's the name that shit was fucking, he was like nigga ain't nobody ever talked to me like that nigga because I don't give a fuck check ball nigga wait for that game on DraftKings for sure. Yeah I got, I'm taking on today. I'm taking on now we gotta talk about it man. You took the, You know what I'm saying, took your skills to Memphis, man. Changed the culture man. Change the entire culture of that team. Shout out to Jain. He got the city rocking right now. But what you did and what that team did for Memphis man rejuvenated that city man. You brought a real different type of energy man. How was that transition from Boston down to Memphis? Well the transition was was, man, I ain't gonna lie, I sound with them late. It was like, like mid August, some shit like that.


And I was sitting at the crib thinking like damn this might be it. I was like, man I just went through the finals and don't, no, nobody want me. And then I'm like damn, okay it clicked. 'cause Chris Wallace, he drafted me in in Boston. He was the assistant general manager in Boston. So when he got there and You know he saw what I did in the finals, he was like, yo, I I, I need that. Like, called me, told me he like, yo I need that. He's like, but it's one thing though, he was like, are you and Zebo gonna be able to play with each other? I'm like, what you mean? He was like, you guys are two different affiliations. You know I just don't want it to be a problem. I got 9.7 million. That's crazy. No for sure. He's like, I got 9.7 million on the table for you. Well you just need to know about you and Zebo. I'm like man, stop playing bro.


One love. That's my man. Yeah, that's my man. What we doing? And then when I got there, then I finally got a chance to be around Zebo man just to understand his heart and just, just how, just a big teddy bear, You know what I'm saying? But don't play with him like he no Teddy Bo I'm just saying he don't, he he one of the guys it was like, yeah it was like when I first met him, the first thing because we was at Lorenzen Wright funeral recipes. Lorenzen. Yeah. He was like, yeah man I saw you on the finals, this, that and the other. He was like, man I, he was like man I want to get there bro. He was like, man, he's like, you gonna bring that championship mentality to the locker room bro. He's like, we gonna make some noise bro. Like we like we missed the playoffs last year. He was like just excited. And I'm like, ma, nigga, you feel what I'm saying?


Yeah. And once we got to the season it was like damn, when I got there, You know I just didn't play, coach didn't want, he just didn't play me like, I'm like damn I just got the finals man y'all just the laughing stock of the league over here. What y'all doing bro? Play me and Coach Hollands at the time. What I got in Intel on was he wanted to pick sign The real Wright. Okay. He wanted pacing and shooting but Chris Wallace thought like shit, we need some stops down the stretch. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? At the two spot. And so it took me a minute to like even, You know, get some minutes and specifically this one day where I had, I got some minutes against Kevin Durant.


I didn't study for him. I was doing film on James Harden. Watched all his clips coming out that corner with Nick Collison Kib? Yeah. Dribble hand off, dribble hand off in the corner. I was studying all that and then I look up it's 38 on the clock and he like wiping off the board and putting Tony name next to Kevin Durant name. I take my headphones, I look at Rudy, I'm Rudy, you ain't playing. Rudy like, oh no, he trying to be quiet and shit. I'm like, no hold on man. I ain't studied for dude. Yeah you feel I'm saying but I was like fuck I put my headphones back on. Boom, go out there man. I'm talking about I had a, I had a solid game like 27 7 rebound fast steel.


Nah you had a gun game. But I was so, I was so hot though. I was real hot at, I was still hot at Rudy. Yeah. I'm like motherfucker he pulled the plate like you up like what you, why would you throw me in this situation? And then when cameraman came, I think he Finn come holler at Zebo 'cause Zebo had like 30 and 15 or some shit. And he like, no, no, no you, I'm like, but I'm trying to walk back to the locker room so I can get on Rudy As, and he was like, yeah this performance, Karen know you haven't been playing in many minutes and da da da. Where did this come from? So hot. I'm just like all heart grit grind. Like, like, like really? But this was supposed to get shot in the locker room, you feel what I'm saying? And he caught it. But by the time I get back to the city, man, the whole city picked up on gr and ground like this.


What? That's, that's our mentality. This what? This our identity right here and there. Nah, that's tt HS did it. You feel he just cracked open the the bottle. What we going hold our hands on? Nah, that's on. And before You know it bro, like I said man we just made noise from that point on. We man you coming there ring baby playing. Whoop that, that so far that up that stand up. That was because this ain. Nah I ain't gonna lie. I didn't have no control over that. I ain't gonna lie. Whoever did that, I'm gonna find out. That was gangster. My boy did find out who did that. That was gangster bro. And, and and it only played when we whooping yo ass. Yeah I swear to God I was in the, I was coming on the court one game.


They were whoop that trick. I was like, I was like nah, I went back to Atlanta. I was like yo, we gotta play some better like You know we play fire music in Atlanta. Nah. But I'm like they playing whoop that trip. Y'all a pregame for the Yeah, that's a different type of interview. That's as that true that yeah. I'm like whoop that trick. It's crazy man. That's crazy. 'cause you go from, You know what I'm saying, figure out your ce there and then you, You know what I'm saying, the jersey about to go up, man. How that feel man? Yeah, yeah, yeah man. I mean it's, it is, it's actually actually a dream come true man. You know? Yes sir. You know, coming from where I come from, You know, housing authority, You know, just overcoming a lot of hurdles growing up, You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. Scrapping, fighting, clawing. I'm talking about trying to just even get in the just ranks of playing basketball. Man, y'all know y'all t You know how hard this is man, just stay in the league. It's a three to four year span with some players. Players and man to even overcome that and not be one of your, You know, top-notch scores. The most liked. I just gotta do it on a, like I say the all heart side, you feel what I'm saying? The gr and grand side and just for, You know, them to honor my body of work, Memphis definitely showed me love. So like I say man, I got none but love for that organization. I, I wear, I rep the organization everywhere. Most definitely and proudly. And like I say, it's a dream come true man.


I'm, I'm very appreciative of it. You did 14 years. 14 years solid bro. Yeah. I don't wanna talk about my time in New Orleans, so about that last year. Yeah, no that's when I first really met TA me, who was I with? We was walking down, You know got the shoe store. Yeah, well now you gotta talk nigga. He pulled. Nah, nah, nah, he pulled up with us. I I might have been with Jay L Yeah, at the, at the restaurant. Yeah. Yeah. And you pulled up in his, you had the, he was like, yeah it's Bulletproof. Niggas like no reason aggressive. He pulled up in like a truck. It's bulletproof Nigga what? I was like, he was like, nah, no joke. He like, he crazy man. And he just, he pulled off.


Yeah, no I ain't gonna lie. My time in New Orleans I about say Coach Gentry man, I ain't gonna lie bro. He was not fucking with me bro. I ain't gonna lie. He was like, yeah he always say stay ready. Yeah, yeah. We gonna need you. We gonna need you. Yeah, yeah. Stay ready. We gonna need you. Man didn't need shit from me on The real. I say man, all right, do You know why he didn't fuck with you? This was, did y'all have I don't know, run or something? I mean I mean the people that was playing in front of me, I ain't gonna lie, I big salute to them who was playing in front of me. Ewan Moore Smoke B Miller. And I think that's it. The other moments we got but they, I just didn't think he was using this utilizing his obstacle.


Right, right, right. But end up tearing my knee a little bit. I think I had got like a fracture in my knee. Oh shit. And then, but I thought that year, I ain't gonna lie, I thought we was gonna win it the way shit, the way Drew Holiday was playing the boy we talk about that all the time. Special the way Anthony Davis and was both, they both was averaging 25 and 15. Yeah that shit was crazy. Now that what Y did to Portland. That's what made me think like, oh shit they can take it all. Yeah Then Boogie got hurt. I was like fuck yeah. And so when Boogie and then that's what I said Boogie the way he was playing man. The way he was changing his attitude. Shout to Boo. Yeah, like the way I'm talking about he was, he was a team player. Like he was like I I he got the stigma off his name, what was in Sacramento.


That's, and I, and I love for that man. I ain't gonna lie. Big shout out to Boogie Man. And that specific. Yeah like I said, I just, it was unfortunate for Boogie to get hurt and then they traded all us me Jamir. Yeah. He just bust that shit wide over. Yeah it went crazy for sure. Listen man, we appreciate you man. Before you get out here we gotta shout out to show man. Oh yeah. And after Mud man You know time man we gotta, we gotta a special guest coming soon. What's we, we gonna, he put me on, he put Jeff put me on your Oh yeah. You know but it was early though. Yeah bro. Caught y'all first episode. Episode First episode. Aint we working man, we working man.


That's all. And one thing about this podcast world man, what I like about it is I get to see people's journeys. I get to see how they, You know what I'm saying? Damn you went through that. Damn that was going on at the time. Okay. Those guys you had to face against. I like hearing that because every guy's story is different and every guy's got a story to tell. So I like hearing it man. And the one thing about getting to the league, it ain't no, it ain't no right bro. It's a privilege. Facts shut up. So to be a part of that fraternity man and talk to guys about that and hear how they came about it, man, I love it man. I love it. And you good at it. That's what's crazy to me. Like, like I'm listening, I'm like, this nigga actually good. Yeah. Ask the right question and shit. I was like it is good. So nah, nah, this shit fire. I be, I'm a fan.


I watch every episode like I told you y'all came out the gate with Jar Jackson. Yeah. Y play KD d I'm like shit. No. And that's one thing man. Once you keeping it real once you, You know what I'm saying? Motherfuckers fuck with you man. They gonna fuck with you. And that's, and that's how we do man. We want to get everybody they flowers and just let 'em know man. It's all up man. Oh, before we do get out here, I wanna say you also a right motherfucker for what you did for Al to Al Jefferson truck bro. Oh you caught that? That was my first one. I said this nigga here, remember I text you. I said hey listen, don't not gimme your collar right now. Do not gimme your car bro. Yeah. Can you please just before we got here bro, tell them what you did to this nigga truck bro.


So look man, I get the, I get the car man. You know we, we was real. Tell 'em what it is. What kind it was a Humvee. Okay. So now we we was real big on switching cars. Yeah. And me, I was, I did the nightlife a lot. So I be out, I want to get Gerald Green caught. Sometimes I'll switch up with perks. Sometimes I'll switch up with whoever. Right. And this specific time I wanted to ride a Humvee 'cause Al had put some like four, five twelves in the back of that motherfucker beating so hard. I'm like, so I end up going on a date and You know Cheesecake Factory just came out bro. Oh. So that was the move. But when you go into the clearance, You know, I don't know why I ain't get em folks a hundred dollars and pay for the valet right there at Four Seasons. My cheap as went right over there to the $12 parking.


And it clearly tell you it's a clearance. I ain't think of the clearance 'cause the music's so loud. I'm trying to really show out in front of Chick. Man. I went through that motherfucker like boom, boom, boom. I say, what the hell did they shoot? I pull, I kept going bro, I kept going bro. I'm like hey, I ain't know what was going on. So we get out the car bro, as soon we get out the car, the girl like is the cop pose to be like, I look back, I say man this man gonna kill me. Turn that bitch into a drop off. It was a drop off turn out. So and so and so when I did that, bro, I ain't gonna lie bro. Al say bro, you would never trade CO again bro. It was old back then, so yeah that happened man. Little blooper.


Nah, that's okay. Appreciate you though. Shout man. Appreciate shout check out. Hey love, love, love. Check out OT Glynette. We appreciate y'all. Shout out Tore. Shout to decks. We hold it out here. All, all star weekend. Much love. We'll be back next time. Club five 20, The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock Elite gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo


CBS Monday, February 24th introducing the new daytime drama beyond the gates. Welcome to Fairmont Crest Estates, where the wealthy and glamorous dupri family rules the community with poise and sophistication. That is until a cheating husband and his trophy wife starts stirring up trouble. Find out what happens beyond these majestic gates and behind closed doors where scandal, romance, betrayal, passion, secrets, and revenge await. CBS daytime is about to get Soaper, the new daytime drama beyond the Gates Premier CBS Monday, February 24th and streaming on Paramount Plus,


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just This overall sense of Community, the values that You know Minnesotans Have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live.