
This is an iHeart podcast.


Draft night ain't just about who goes number one. It's about how you show up. And JD Sports is where the future of the league gets laced up. Whether it's Dylan Harper's tenacious two-Way play, or Trey Johnson Sharp shooting from deep down south, jds got the gear to match every draft story from exclusive kicks to player collabs. JD Sports is the plug for the next level style. So while the league's getting younger, your fix getting fresher, JD Sports with the game meets the streets, visit jd sports.com to check out their new collection or download the JD app today.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser Incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali SU, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The volume. Alright man, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells, same gang with me to my left. We got my dog, Bishop B he and out the prayer least. How you what Nancy? What's Happening brother? Let's get to it baby. For sure man. I forgot man. We gotta add the gr leaf back man since we been back in the pulpit with it, man. Lord the time bro. Vacation Bible school on the way. You know the vibes. People still call me that on Twitter bro. All 'cause of you started that shit back in the day. Shout to the S man. Olivia rhymes man. To my right, my dog. Young Nacho, young Teg. How you what? Hokey athlete, I mean. Oh he got the Hokies on time? Yeah, I feel, Feel good man about You know the deal. Okay, hokey athlete tap in.


I've been rock climbing, all type of Different stuff. What's the colorway you want 'em to customize for you? You Know you can just keep it. I I really want me a solid blue, like royal blue and grayish color. Okay, okay. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Be here. You, you need an all black hocus with the white laces. Oh no, keep me whatever y'all got. Just give so I ain't gonna do too much but I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna lie. The soul thick. Like the soul was so thick. I used to think my shoes was on wrong. You see how it look. It looked like I was like hey Don't fly though. Nah, them tough with The Hoka written on the side of 'em like that. I, I roll with them for sure. Yeah, They comfortable though.


Nah, for sure man. Shout out to Hoka. It is. Lowkey a busy shoe but it's a simple shoe. I rock with 'em. Yeah I Rock with 'em man. We getting older though. We got, we gotta get some walking shoes here soon. Still keep you a fly shoes but You know you need some good walk around shoes man. Comfortability. You, you trying to put us in the monarchs already? Nah, I'm just saying though. You know you always looking for a comfortable shoe. You might want to not want throw in a Jordan or a phone. You might just want, You know what I mean, walk around in some smooth shit. So I rock with the hocus man. I used to wear Monarchs. Them them used to hurt actually I thought they were like comfortable. They were not comfortable man listen father, they just passed them was flying out the shelf, the official dad shoe. That's Crazy how they went up like that bro. The Monarchs bro. Classic Nike shoe. It's quiet.


What's one shoe y'all used to wear all the time but I can't wear no more. I know you had mentioned a couple but I ain't gonna lie bro. This sound crazy but the white kwi going around bro. That was a staple of my household bro. The white Kwi. Yes bro. Once upon time people used to rock them Low key. That low white OG original, that was a, that was a thing. If it was a a a photo shoot, a black film, they was gonna have white shirts, some denim and some white case with somebody or a girl and we're all they gonna have that fit on bro. Facts. Facts. But that's, that's it for me. I would never put on another period. Ironically a shoe I used to wear all the time that I can't wear now is the Barclays.


Yeah I used to wear these, these was like, I had them in eighth grade. I had 'em every year. They came out since forever. I had 'em when I was a youngster but I can't, I can't put'em on Damn it take too much to put on Bro. You gotta pull the back of it up. Yeah, But you instead. Yeah I ain't got time for all That up step bro. That's a method to my mask with them. These the diamond turfs. Any OG Nike shoe, they got the sock booty in there where you gotta pull both the tabs to put it on. But it's the hassle. Even though I'm gonna do the, anyway, it'd be like damn I got, I'm not taking these shoes off if I walk into your house. Sorry, they're gonna be on target at home bro. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah I don't, I don't right now my life way it's set up. I like to put on shoes. I can just slide in.


That's why I wear the same shoes all the time by the dough. They be by the door. I just put my foot in them. Jordan Black, Jordan threes. Oh yeah, black cat Smed wear already. Well we're on every day they by the door literally. That's crazy. Yeah, I'm not gonna lie. If y'all seen what I did to my black metallic fives, I, I feel like Reese right now I feel like a child. When I looked at those other, I say I'm out of pocket for violating these like that. Luckily I had to appear. Oh they've been gas station run mall trips, field trips. Oh Yeah. Help my mama take stuff outta her house. It does not matter bro. The metallic files got hella run from me and they look nasty. I'm disappointed myself. This Yeah, disrespectful. Yeah. Yeah man it get wicked like that for sure. But how was y'all follow this days man? Which I, You know those in those you told me.


You know what I'm saying? You took care of pops man on, on the golf. Yeah I went, I went golfing with my pops on the simulator he got and I beat him in the round. He was hot and I only, I only was golf with that eight iron. He was pissed. He was trying to tell me you need to switch it up while you putting it. Yeah. I was like nah I'm gonna do it like put putt you just gimme one club. Wow. He was pissed too and he like you, you ain't really, you ain't half bad, you just a asshole Just like My boy. Happy Gilmore in there messing up bombs. Yeah messing up the vibe. He doing he nice. He actually pretty good though but he pulling out all his special clubs and see if you just listen to me. I hit it in the bushes one time or the rocks or something and he was trying to tell me what club I need to get out and I was like nah, I get out my own and I took like 14 strokes.


He was crying, laughing. I bused up telling you man you need this man, you need the wge man I'm telling you. I'm like nah, I'm gonna get out. Nah You just restarted the game like just gonna restart you. You 16 strokes back man you ain't gonna restart you. That's all good. That's hilarious man. You have a good follows day, Brody? Yeah I got couple Aloe Fists, some YSL shades. Okay. You know I got on the grill they made me cook, which was cool. But yeah it was, it was a good time. Got my dad some stuff so yeah I chilled bro. I wasn't doing too much bro. Was a day off for me bro. Man I was seen a lot of people in the timeline, You know Mother's Day and Father's Day.


I always saw some bullshit. I seen a lot of men. It was just like man come 12:00 PM complaining about the gift for lack thereof. Nah for sure man. Nobody cares. Only thing I cared about that I didn't like bro. And I, and I get it but I, I didn't like all the, the stud love for Fathership bro. I don't know. We gotta find a in between a tweener day for y'all but Nah man they wasn't getting that day. It was real people getting love On. Nah bro. For real. Like I was watching videos on Twitter, that's why I say y'all gotta lock in waking up to breakfast in bed and like come on man. Stuns just like ruling the world bro. And I was jealous though. Shout Toski.


Let me have my moment bro. It's a there bro. Lemme have my moment bro. Still titties under that shirt bro. Y'all stupid. I don't know if that smells I in the acronym but I that out because that's shout out to all the followers man. I hope I had a good Father's day. The Real ones. The real ones and stop complaining. Damn that dude fell out. Studs still titties under that shirt. Studs. Yeah, Twitter taught me that. That's What they said. Oh that's, that's a classic. I didn't, Twitter Taught me that whoever Shirt. Yeah bro. Studs. That's a crazy merch. Matter of fact coming next on your club our 20 at Hendrick experience we will have oh no merch call.


Oh let's go stud. S Ut beat part two. Part Two. I don't have birthday parties no more at the Hendrick experience. We will have stud Ts S-T-U-D-S. The real merch on the way. Still titties under that shirt. That's crazy. Hey man, could we please load up the Drake man, this church walker man it's been getting out of pocket. I don't know what's been on y'all spirit in these places man. But load it up man. This is crazy bro. This be in church? No it ain't green. Friendship Pubes Right there. Hell nah. We, we look way better than that. Damn. Oh how mad you gotta be to see Church little buddy look at that arm.


She cook some good old soul food. Oh yeah, if, if she got that arm, that mac and cheese is elite. That is crazy bro. You know how mad you gotta be to whoop somebody in the sanctuary bro. Yeah Bro S is taking place. He said oh say less Shit that's can We start back from beginning please shout to the elder who came through with the spirit though. Look, he held it down and said nah, Nah he did. He used to play football for sure. What? That must be his people though. He took that right. He tried to smack you with the symbol though. That nigga with that high hat. Y'all seen the other pastor? You see the other pastor that said y'all woman putting that horse hair, y'all ain't see it?


Uhuh? Yeah it is a dude, it is a pastor. I seen it on I Green. He was like I horse hair for that comes off a donkey ass like that shit off your head. Y'all gotta see it. I can't remember exactly what he said but he Cussing Though. Nah he ain't cuss. He just said it was for You know purposes. Yeah that hair ain't. Yeah if women's still wearing synthetic hair you outta pocket. Oh I Gotta All this human hair, all these hair they sha off and soon the hair over here get y'all some real hair Man there. There's plenty of women who are still gonna DJ beauty supply bro to get what they need done. Man You can't even put no heat on that man. Don't do that to yourself. Hey what's crazy the first fight of this one right here, the classic rolling up to Drake? Yeah This is during church too Front row but we Saw his star in the east Start pee.


He so casually he in the street and this nigga still talking. Shut up nigga. Call for your security. Hey man what's so funny is Bro got up and immediately started squat. Hey I want when the back story is that bro for y'all to start fighting like that Nigga you couldn't take it no more bro. Hey so tell hey I know you gonna be at church on Sunday that's why I'm gonna catch you. That's gotta be some real static bro. Nah for sure. So man that's crazy. I don't want whoop nobody in church though bro. You supposed to go to church to clear your mind bro.


How you going there with that type of animosity on your heart? Man, I ain't never that mad at nobody bro. Man to say I gotta catch you with church. It is crazy man. I don't know what's going on man. We need some therapy man. You cannot be squabbling in the church bro. So what is this? I gonna say my god everything, my god everything loaded up in the drink today. Warriors, Mike. Yeah but having beef and church is crazy bro. That facts, I can't believe that people really even sent this out man. What about y'all boy? Lamar Odom though bro. What he do? That's what y'all kept talking about in the chat. Lamar will, Lamar Loaded it up. What was Lamar man I'm kind of scared that. Oh yeah this is, this is crazy.


But What is that? The fact that he said has the passion voice behind Lamar. What? The pastor voice. Oh the wish You gonna have to work that out for you because this is crazy. What please play that the ball clip again. Not with the pastor's voice though. Think you see that motherfucker scared. Oh this is when he was talking about Kevin Garnett? Yeah. Oh but the clip is so crazy You can't say that. What the fuck makes this immediately funnier?


Yeah, yeah I remember that. That's wild bro. K He start talking about kg saying That them old heads be outta pocket bro. Hey man it's about time we get your cousin on the show man. Yeah. Ah bro. Bro been tripping that Raven's mo comment in. What'd he say about Ravening man I seen him talk about Ray J. I ain't seen Raven. He snapped. He snapped on Ray J. Rightfully so though. Yeah Ray J was out of pocket. Ray J is trying to steal his swag bro. I feel Like What did he say Ray J say why? Why he snap on Ray J? I seen he said that Ray J gave him some weed when he was 13. Yeah basically he saying like Ray J showed up, you basically incriminating yourself, You know what I'm saying?


And Ray J said he was gonna show up to court butt naked like nigga what you want? So Orlando was trying to tell him man clean it up bro. Like you calling yourself the king pen like you keep incriminate yourself when you been giving kids drugs for a long time. You had me smoking with you when I was 13 so he's snitching but I don't, I don't think he liked that Ray J really trying to steal his bread. You know Ray J was lying and say he cracked sexy red. He just been tweaking out Ray J on them drugs. Same Orlando. You know how Orlando said he was cracking bow and shit like that so Oh yeah he trying to steal the method, the wild shit. Yeah Man he told Raven Because Ray had been tweaking. Well he said about Raven was so damn funny. What he said about Raven? He said come back.


He said come back home you not with of them. Oh yeah He did. He told her she needed to come back to this side. Yeah I told her her girl was weak and everything Child said bro. He said you not even warming enough come back home. She shaved her head but I said no, No I'm the only man in this Relationship. Hey that nigga crazy man. Orlando O, LeBron's one of the funniest people ever bro. Who might do we gotta pay him to come on the show bro. He ain't gonna come on to love like everybody else. Oh we got pay the fee for Orlando. We gonna start the GoFundMe man. If you want Orlando Brown this podcast tap in man. I don't know how much that appearance cost.


We gonna figure it out man. I wonder how much he gonna charge me. I gonna say we need a family discount. Yeah that's a fuck. Dang. He probably give you about, probably say five. Damn because a Hundred bands Orlando Worth five Not for 'cause. Nah, like I said we gotta get the family discount man. If He off that cane for show five. I was watching Joe Button podcast. Why they say money back yo had surgery. Is that real? Did y'all see that? What? On his body? On His face. Oh damn they saying he doing? Yeah I ain't see that. Nah I ain't seen that crazy. Only thing I've seeing is that's two times in my timeline with his shirt off and I'm tired of it. I, I'm sick of it. I don't know what algorithm I made mess. Get me out of it please.


Yeah they, I don't know. I seen a clip they was saying that Joe button was talking about like he had surgery. Oh He look different now. Damn I ain't seen him in a while or heard no new music from him. I'm surprised it's typically summertime is when money back. I was like I was just, I didn't know if that was fake or not. I'm like Hopefully it's fake. I doubt I'll probably lose weight Getting surgery on his face. Yeah, probably got a good skincare routine.


Now The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance that we can play some bets on these games man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official betting sponsor of the NBA For sure. We ready to tap in man what you got for me That five to get $300 in bonus bets man $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Yeah I'm taking with that bet I'm taking the Oklahoma City thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm gonna use that bonus be to put it in for my Indiana Pacers. We going to get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time bets on DraftKings $5. Get you $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season download DraftKings put in promo code Club five 20. That's again promo Code Club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me but hey you bit that $5 and you get $300 back on that bonus bets for sure. Only on DraftKings the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see d kng.co/audio.


Yeah, we're taking over times square's JD Sports for a special draft takeover. We're chopping it up with the next generational hoop stars, top picks, fresh fits and real talk catch exclusive interviews behind the scene vibes and the crew checking out the latest heat and JD Sports. It's all going down on Club five 20 podcast. Power by the volume. Don't miss it. For excitement and check out their new collection. Visit jd sports.com or download JD app.


Hey good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed. The ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver and that means you could get better rates with root insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just a slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with root insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's Route Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for to tells.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no across The country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, but not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser told them From Lava for Good and the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's Bad. It's really, really, Really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures. And your guide on Good Company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Sud, CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Get well soon man. But we don't know what's going on. Shout out to money back Niggas Is out here getting surgery though. Everything. Look it upm. See if it's, you can find a clip. We, Joe, Tom's a different bro, You know what I'm saying? Gunner got the Birkin for his B day and people on his head about it. They just like, why is niggas getting purses? He got a Birkin bag. Yeah for the, for the gift for his B bag. Somebody gave him one for his birthday. Yes. Like a gym, like a I ain't say it. No, Nah, it's a part I heard it, I heard about it. It's, it's a, now I don't know too much about the birkins above my tax bracket but yeah it, it looks like a purse. It look like a person to me respectfully. Is that real? I don't know, I just heard him talk about it.


There's no way that's real Now that don't look like That. Gotta be tel man. He Looks like he's had a quite a bit of brotox. No, he got a lot of shit done. He looks like he got a lot, a lot done and I guess people are just now noticing Damn it wasn't the Most, the picture didn't favor him the best. That don't look like bad. Yeah, I'm gonna s stall him out on this one. That look crazy though. He got it done. Whatever they saying he got done, he went and got it done. Joe is wild. So secretive about the shit nigga. We got eyes, We remember When you came out and we looking at you now When you guys, what would, what do you think the response would be if somebody came out and said yeah You know I got a little bit of Botox here in my here and I got my eyes pulled up Here.


Absolutely. Yeah. Surgery out pocket Before men. I was gonna ask y'all that. Is surgery out of pocket? I'm not. I mean I don't think hearing line surgery and stuff is out of pocket. Nah, if, if women can go get weeds bro, you can go to, you can go to Turkey bro. I ain't mad at you. Okay. Ain't my ministry. But do your thing. I ain't mad at you for All. So what, what about your, your body though? Y'all giving hairline to pass. What about If you're going to get the fake abs, that's nasty and you deserve to be jonno. You deserve it because you can go work out bro. Might not come bro. There's many things You can do bro. Bro. Yeah bro. You going to the vacuum as a man, that's just lazy bro. Lock in Also. It's just lazy. It's not proud of ball.


I'm not, that's not something I'll do. I'm not looking anyway 'cause I don't, You know what I'm saying? That's not my ministry by any means. But yeah, that's wild bro. Like that's not something I'll do. I wouldn't go get surgery for some, See y'all judge me if I, I'm definitely talking Just me, just me. Not everybody else. Y'all gonna judge me. I'm Only gonna judge you if you get on Instagram and become a fitness instructor. You know you didn't start doing the the motivated workouts. No, I'm literally going play that clip where you said he was crowd surfing the dj then he start playing get it sexy and I'm gonna play it. Every time I see you you get some fucking ass. You gonna Turn me up, Turn that song on. Every time I'm trying do a jumping jack Go ahead every come here, every time we go, every time we go work out I'll like play your song Man.


I can't even believe y'all would judge me if I got man some abs bro. That is, I'm only judging if you get on Instagram but you would tank top your shirt. I am gonna live my raps though. I'm judging you bro. I'm gonna say that is sassy bro. You gonna have a freaky bike video. I'm gonna Be in that motherfucker. Sign up today. Motivat Fitness. What's the, what's the dude with the hair? They got that billion dollar house today. Richard Simmons. That's what I'm gonna start calling you. I call you Richard, I call you Richard Simmons the whole time my boy gonna come back like buddy Love was it. That was crazy. Real. What was his name? Yeah, call the real Ti not the real T Nott.


What's that? Shit, was it not Tavo? What was it? Ta. Oh yeah, ta bro. I can't believe y'all judging somebody forget if y'all got new hair lines and I got some ass bro. That's that's wild Bro. What is the difference bro? That's Different bro. Hell bro. Y'all hairline is fake. He fought that fight bro. He couldn't fight it no more Bro. Fake bro. Bro, you could go to the gym bro and get the body you want bro. You just have to lock it. I can't do nothing against the hair. I can push us. My hair Gone under this bro. They're just gonna make 'em show y'all head. I cool bro. A nigga literally has to draw your head bro. And I he moving stuff over. You are? He He's moving stuff in the back.


Put it to the front poles. You taking stuff from the front and Put it to put it in the trash. If I come with a wagon I'm outta pocket. A nigga getting insane. That's crazy. Nah, but y'all ain't gonna judge me. Fuck that. You Kind nigga come around with like, everybody's like somebody came here and said I'm paying for everybody just surgery only pick your surgery yo nigga spare Carolines I pick abs. Y'all really out of pocket? No you're out of pocket. Not me because I always got clothes on. You're out pocket bro. Y niggas come on with a a fresh line and shit naturally crisp me all the time.


Super crispy. Love Steve Harvey. You never know. Well not bro. See Chad, these niggas judging and and we'll get the same thing if somebody pay for your surgery to get your hairline back. Right. Y'all are going to do it. Nah, I ain't, I'm cool. I ain't going do it anyway. I just, I don't care that much. I'm already married. Who cares? I mean respect. It'd just be funny. I mean people be like yeah girls can do it man can't. Well yeah there's You know a couple things that we can do that they can't so that's fair. But as a man that's wild bro. Yeah I just don't feel like a man should have surgery on they body that's like cosmetic surgery. Yeah bro shake me nothing bro. I'm nothing bro. Shake me up is crazy and it be the people who have it and they move to a new city become a totally different person.


Like cosmetic surgery as a man on your body is crazy. Jeff got a gym iron am in that bitch every day. Nigga headband on shirt off And I have nop, I might bend you bro. I'm you gonna ban it's fake bro. Hey they be getting mad at women with women have cosmetic surgeon. They go work. You Got it? What did she do Bro? I told y'all she had the weight loss commercial bro. She went under the tion bro. She went under the Amazon machine bro. Y'all never said nothing to her Bro. You hate bro. She had the old epic early bro. Y'all just had a recipe. That's the thing though. She was locked in when the girls had a surgery. They still gotta workout to maintain it. Most definitely. So I Think girls do forget that part.


So I get it with girls but I don't, I just, So how you don't get it with me bro? I'm in the gym and you said you gonna ban me from your gym Because bro why are you coming here taking your shirt off bro? Because of my ass And I take off my shirt anyway. That's how You Know when most niggas in has surgery they whole body, they start getting super tatted. Oh yeah. They try to cover up. We're flooding the gates for sure. That's Like the koi fish was the women. Yeah, hide the trap door for sure. Yeah. Yeah bro listen you can't take your shirt off and play the fitness so you'd be walking in that gym when no shirt is curse. Yeah, this I walk around my shirt off there. I don't give a fuck. But I'm saying though, y'all to judge nigga because he got some new abs and like damn bro you got a new hairline.


That motherfucker cool. That's crazy to me y'all, it's cosmetic surgery Now. If you go get the beard you're nasty and you deserve to be judged bro. If you get a beard. Yeah bro. Going Turkey, get the beard, you're nasty. I don't know bro. Adding and a beard to your face is crazy. That is but it's a game changer. Y'all seen James Harden without his beard bro. That's nigga's motivation But that's from God. Jimmy Can do it but I'm saying it makes you look different. Like Jimmy grew his shit out like damn a beard. Y'all wouldn't get the beard. DJ got a full beard so you could say shit like that. All Yeah, none of that. Hey You know what's funny, they was just like, if you take it away from everybody, if men just had to go with no haircuts, no nothing, just how, You know what I'm saying?


God intended and women, they were just like the world be a crazy place because a nigga not getting a haircut for years. It's crazy bro. I I think it'd be worse on a woman though. Like what? You mean the woman couldn't do what? Get the hair done? Yeah, I think it worse like take it back to Cobo where everybody was stuck in the house. You had to get it how you live. If you couldn't do hair, your hair was your hair. Hey it Just three times Be a natural bull then Them zoom calls was crazy. I I wouldn't, I don't know it. Some girls, I a lot of women actually not some, a lot of women would, would be depressed before dudes. Oh yeah. And I get their hair Done. I think How many niggas sit in jail bro? Don't care about getting haircut Bro. That got, that'd be more of like, that'd be a black thing. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Mm.


Yeah. Facts bro. Because a lot of, a lot of white girls don't go get their hair done. Yeah. Yeah. All of, I mean I'm not, I mean I don't know. They might but I feel Like not like not like us. Yeah. I Feel like it is different. Yeah. Yeah. That is priority in our community for sure. Yeah. We spend a lot of money that space. I mean everybody does but we as black consumer spend a lot of money in those spaces. What's The long as y'all go without getting a haircut? I'm about a week and a Half. Can I have a clipper like my own clippers and I can just knock my mustache down. Oh no. Hell But like if I, I can get knocked. What you mean? Like I can just get the clippers and knock my mustache down. Like not let it just keep growing.


Why have y'all ever tried to lay yourself up? Like, like face your Hair? Shit I don't Fuck no they gotta pay a barber to do that. I don't fuck around y'all niggas at home cutting y'all cells. No I tried one time nigga my mustache was too big bro. I tried bro. Here nigga went to barbershop, had to shave all this shit off bro. I was like 21 too so it wasn't too crazy. Oh lord. And it was right before I went out town we had just New Orleans with me and Hollis. Yeah. But I was in that motherfucker baby face. I also happy around people I didn't know I got back home. They was like what the fuck Straight molester. Yeah bro. Straight Chester face. I felt terrible. I knocked my mustache down. He had, he had his face shaved all the way before. Yep. When I went to the Dominican barbershop. I ain't understand him like y'all think I'll be playing.


I can't. If you got an accent it is like a thousand percent chance. I don't understand what you saying it is. For real bro. Like I am the most neish person you'd probably ever meet. Like you have to talk straight English to me. And I live in a house where they speak a little Spanish and like I said, I can't understand nobody and that's a fact. So what happened with your bus dad? I went to the shop and they said, and I was like yo, just gimme a lineup. Really? I'm gonna get up outta here. And he said clean up everything. I said pause, You know being funny and dude look like ASAP Rocky started laughing. Oh yeah. And he was my and he was like okay face and I was like shit yeah just lining up.


He said everything. I said yeah gimme a line up nigga. I don't know shit. He said, I said that ain't what you supposed to do brother. He said you said everything You said out. He was like, you said everything. I said man that's why I ain't come here. I don't understand what y'all talking about man. Sean said in the Mickey Barber shop, Lafa man my dog, I've never been back Bro. Stop. Listen first of all you too old to be going to random chairs bro. When you go to a barber shop, barbershop had to get one on one here. I'm glad we here. This nigga is 40 going to a random chair in a Dominican barbershop Bro.


It was a, it was a head dude. Oh it was Carlos? Yeah. Y'all told me he was shout to Carlos. Carlos was never bro. I Swear to God he did Shout. Kayla posted the picture. Shout to my birthday. She did. Carlos did you like that bro? And Carlos get busy bro. Bro they told me he was the one. He Is, he And Carlos English is alright too. He might been playing crazy that day. They was playing all they Dominican. He must have been in the vibe like it was the vibe. He was, he'd be in there dance. Oh they Gonna have a hookah and I Random chair you Carlos bro. Nah peace. That shit up. Peace at the Pig. She set the pig and I was like had to bro. I swear to God he Carlos cuts like hair here bro. Like I'm not for God.


Like I'm not saying he serious. I'm just telling you what he did to me. Carlos like If for Carlos to start off a haircut with your mustache It's Like straight off bro. Off off the dribble. Somebody should play straight off bro. To the point I was just like, and he set me back and I already don't, You know me, I got like nervous problems like when somebody like sits you back and they put the towel over you. I'm not one of them type of guys like you got the high towel. No, no, no, no, no. Don't put nothing on my face body to see everything that's going on. Your ain't Charles bro. Me, ain't nobody gonna to sneak in get the punching on me so I need to see everything. So Relax Bro. No, no, no. I've been in a barbershop one time.


Somebody got the high towel treatment and but he said why don't you smell like COEs Hi Cry. Yeah don't I don't want no random towel on my finger. Free on your facial. For Real. Nah bro. The high towel is essential bro. Nah it is about to get sha bro. Broom and treatment bro. I don't know y'all towel man. You right bro. I'm straight But you got no facial. That's my whole like what the, what y'all leaning me back for? Don't the rain. Why you finding a picture? My boy? Wait, why was that accessible like that? Carlos? You outta pocket man. Y'all y picture bro. Well What we doing? Where you find this picture at?


Crazy. That nigga took the mustache bro. And I ain't go nowhere for like three days. Try to let it grow back a little bit. So that's since she caught me on like day three, two or three. So So now you still line yourself up to this Day? Nah, I go to my guy now like, but yeah I will though. Like I don't like getting haircuts. Oh yeah, they take too long bro. I ain't, they don't sitting in chairs and I hate talking. Yeah and I I don't mean I'd rather not have a haircut. Y'all wear hats all the time though. That's why I don't like haircuts. I'd rather let my hair grow all the way out and never get a haircut. That's insane bro. Because bro it take too long bro. Like I don't wanna get lineups 'cause you got a coach And y'all.


Yeah. Swear to God. And y'all only like y'all going to New York and y'all like me about get a cut and I oh yeah, I'm Nothing. Shout to my boy Slim. If y'all in New York tap in New York City, my boy slim the barber. I'm nothing bro. Like yeah I be feeling bad for, I see that like the parents walk in the barbershop and they got like multiple kids. I say ooh I know your pockets is mad 'cause haircuts ain't cheap no more. Nah bro. The barbers are the streamers now. Yeah and they, they run you about a 50 piece. Well no my people over at the Fuqua Institute shout out to Janae, they'll take care of you. You know, or a friendly fee. I'm rather Gotta pay her but You know I'm rather gonna try to go to what's Rachel, what's her Barbara name? Yeah. I'm rather about to go.


Yeah, I was about to go get her cut by her. She told me first one free the next one 60. Ah. Won't be going to you Shout out the freaky rage man. Nah, you charge too much for me. Killer. I mean respect to your, you do good work. But I mean 60, that's, that's, That's Denver. What I was gonna say, you gotta beard the line up but you gonna probably pay about 55 60. That's just what it is now. That's why I go run. I give you my 60 but I'm only going once a month. That's all you probably really need. Like imagine going to the barbershop like y'all go every week. Yeah, I Go every week. Y'all go at 60 piece every week. Crazy. How much of barber charge? Mark Amount I don't want. I remember came when he came up to me and said I'm blessed.


I cut mouth here, I'm Blessed And I thought you was going for the 25. I'm like I'm tapping with Milk Barber 60 Man. You know when haircuts got more expensive than weed, that's when shit just got wicked. No, I got beer and stuff. I was this nigga. Talk to him out this nigga. Hey this applies to 99% of the world. I mean 99% of the nation, not 98.9, I mean 99 Just like that paternity test you took.


Okay. And if you the 1% it don't apply to you but for the rest of y'all 99% man tap in Boost Mobile coverage nationwide you apply for. This is great. Tap in with Boost Mobile. If you switch over to Boost Mobile right now you can get a iPhone 15 with crazy camera work. That is a 48 Mega Pistols camera for $99 and 99 cents. That's right. $99 and 99 cents on a 5G network. It's nationwide and I'm 99% sure that Boost Mobile just gave us a crazy deal with this promo. Nah, this is crazy. You are the father. It does require credit qualification ID verification and an activation on a $6 plan. Taxes are extra and 5G speeds may not be available in all areas.


Yeah, we're taking over time Squares JD Sports for a special draft takeover. We're chopping it up with the next generational hoop stars, top picks, fresh fits and real talk catch exclusive interviews behind the scene vibes and the crew checking out the latest heat in JD Sports. It's all going down on Club five 20 podcast powered by the volume. Don't miss it for excitement and check out their new collection. Visit jd sports.com or download JD app.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're route and we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education when you take the test drive using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for the towels.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser Told them from Lava for Good and the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and It's bad. It's really, really, Really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures. And your guide on Good company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide. And hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey man, well since I ain't got no beard it should be like 35. Huh. Well that's why I be telling people man you gotta also, y'all need to tap in with women who know how to do they own hair a lot of shit. 'cause that shit is costly bro. Just to groom yourself. Keep yourself up bro. That's a bill bro. You talking about for women? You talking nigga for women. Y'all pay for y'all girls hair. No, I definitely have before she cosmetic stuff. She do her own hair. That's a blessing. Yep. Yeah. You'all need something. Nails. I don't, I ain't pay for that. Eyebrows lash something. Something's gonna hit you. Yeah, gotta lock in. That's crazy. Like I'm teaching my daughters how to hustle. I ain't never paid for that.


Like nah, that you might have and didn't notice it. You might have gave a motherfucker oh here go a couple hundred. I'm saying my past like Yeah in my previous, like before I'm talking about with P oh right now. Oh no. Mm. I've never and I've seen her get her hair done before. Yeah. Saw she ain't get in the chair. Yeah, she but she, I don't think Pico like that though. She ain't in there every week. Oh hell nah. I know girls who get their hair done no bullshit bro. Every, every week or every other bro. That's crazy. P might go get a trim or something, you feel me? But nah, I'm talking about girls that go get installments brother. That is tough. Every two weeks. That's crazy. Them three, $400 a walk.


God bless them kids. Who? Who's you gotta pay for the hair and pay for em to sew. Oh motherfuckers still get this hair sold in. Yeah, well that's essential. That's still a thing. Sew ins are you crazy? That is, nah a ball. And if you look anywhere on social media, I thought's always be wigs now. Nah, nah that's what they man what the stick on man. I thought that's what Dirk said. I don't know what Dirk said. Dirk said go get the wig wig. She want to t get the wig from Tell and that's probably a thousand dollar wig. Yeah right. I thought that's what everybody was just rocking the wig. Nah, I'll tell you is sewing that in bro. Nah, not like with the with the the meek mill under.


Yeah. Ah yeah is still a thing. Nah, they be having the stocking cap on under that. They just put yeah on top of the braid bro. There's definitely some light mics underneath that I'm talking about sold in and then the girl had that thing in for like a month and it smelled like weed and everything. They go to the club. You Dealing with a trap. Yeah, yeah you can still shampoo your hair. Ah yeah someone is a real, a real thing bro. Like people who sell hair, they make a killing bro. Sell a bundle. People will still, it's not funny but I be feeling bad for people that just like man, I like shorty but I can't, I can't maintain her upkeep. It's just like bro she can't either Back.


It's a, it's a lot though bro. That's why we bro Know that still Were they natural here bro you are lucky Bro. I guess I'm out of the loop 'cause I thought wigs was like They still Wigs pop too. I'm saying I thought they could take 'em off and like yeah you can take the, the wig off that's all in it stuck sometimes girls Woo the wig on and it'd still be up in the back. They just blew it on. So a little cool in the front but in the back you can lift that motherfucker up. On my soul. That's what I thought they was doing. I ain't know they was still getting the braids. I'm the top still getting the braids and sitting down and yeah they still, I thought they was throwing the wig. Yeah they still got some r Kelly braids underneath bro. It's, it is still. That's crazy. Shout to them. But that's what I mean you, I don't expect you to know but we deal with a natural motherfucker bro.


That's, that's a benefit a thousand percent bro. Yeah Upkeep for humans is not cheap at all man. Girls hands and feet they cost. That's you a couple hundred. I can get that Eyebrow 60 shit makeup if your girl faces motherfucker look like a crunch bar. Shit. How y'all feel about makeup? One 20? I don't need it but go crazy. I hate a lot of makeup but I'm not a makeup, I'm not really big makeup person but go crazy Bro. 'cause your pillows and shit just be all fucked up. Girls don't know how to wipe they face off. Right. Ah I ain't never and after two shots of that Julio, they gonna go to sleep without wiping they face off and now I got Casper on my pillow, I'm tight.


Nigga Han was drunk so one night nigga, she had a rag nigga a warrior rag to her face. I said girl that's the dish rag. I said I hit the pots and pans with that motherfucker. I know we had a time tonight but my lord She had the Nigga doing her shit like this. I said He changed the oil with the, I was Finn to lay down nigga and start doing this with the Tail on the face. He Said the warrior for real bro. Makeup is a tough task bro. And the funny shit about all this is that the service providers and the people who want the service done, they be beefing all the time bro. Yeah they be getting whole so bad On everything bro.


That's I be telling 'em like when niggas deal with girls I'm like bro You know she telling you how much shit costs. That's a, she going to expect you to keep up with that party. Do you, do you respect that? Like you think like a man should do that? Yeah if your woman, her makeup, lashes, nails all that shit done all the time and that's who she is and she keep it up, you should fill that void at least two weeks. If she get it done every week, take two weeks. I'll say contribute for sure. At least cut her half bro now. But some women gotta get a lot of shit done Now she come in acting different than, You know what I'm saying? Conversation needs to be had like we talk all the time. But you eating Alfredo on your ID story all through the week. Don't tell me we going a real quick Saturday because that's not how you what, but if that's what you be on then like I respect it.


Oh yeah. So when you get her and she already was getting $500 hair, her hair done $500. You gotta step in. You she send her two 50. Okay. Send her two 50. I mean I don't really recommend No, no, no. But it, No, no, but she do 500 on her own when you step in. Oh you just saying you gotta contribute. You ain't gotta take over. Yeah you ain't gotta, you ain't gotta take over bro. Like yeah, I'm not your daddy. Yeah, if I'm hanging Woody, y'all got half. Okay. For sure. Half is respectful. Okay. Half, Half is respectful. I I like that. I got half of something on their wifi. Yeah, don't, don't go too crazy though. Like, I don't know, it just depend on the level too that you dealing with. Now if this is your girl, you met her, your girl bro, you probably, you might have to step in and take Who, who messed up the game where that was the thing.


Oh the game been the game. Oh man, that that was never, I don't, I don't think the OGs in the nineties. I think we did. We messed it up. Yeah we had to. I don't Remember we the biggest tricks ever. I talked to my old heads just over at culture about back in the day like they like nigga y'all niggas are buying purses and shoes that cost a thousand dollars. They going on these trips. Y'all pulling up with cars, with bows on the top bro. It's like damn cars really wasn't that expensive back then. You Right. You gotta think like even with school, like with kids like bro, motherfuckers getting Honda Accords, Cavaliers, Aeros, Thunderbirds real shit bro. These kids is driving like nice shit. So You know your woman gotta be damn near with a cool little whip so shit is more expensive.


We fucked the game up. Social media fucked the game up. Mm. Yeah bro. Ma, we just talked about it. Money bag nigga buying ra nigga a new Lambo, pink Lambo bro. Look, look what we battling against bro. And it ain't even if that fact, 'cause You know people gotta already spent it but now everybody can see it. No. Yeah. They like, I deserve this. You live in a two bedroom with your cousin. I'm not putting all these flowers in here. You out of pocket we gotta get you up out this situation before we try to do the extra shit. Yeah. You wanna go to Tulum and you ain't got your back tooth fixed. I have a problem with that. I'm all, I'm all for you getting in a woman's life and helping her wear her shit. But you taking over fourth throttle, you don't have to. It's not a requirement. If you do, cool. But I don't think women should put that pressure on a man to come in and take over their life like That.


And somebody who really fuck with you ain't gonna put that type of pressure on you. More importantly, if they rock with you and they see you contributing, you holding it down, people gonna be realistic bro. The internet is not a real place. Everybody's not living like that. Y'all know that People, they think the internet real. Well. That's, that's a different game you playing in. See, I hate the internet is real to a certain extent bro. I don't think everybody's living a fake life on the Internet. They Are bro. A lot of people know bro. Everybody show the highlights Bro. No, true. Yes, that's, that part is real. But if somebody's really showing you the highlights and the highlights are a part of their real life bro, you gotta honor it. Respect. If a girl going out to eat with her friends all the time and buying four lemon drops, You know shit. When you go out to eat with her, she's like Nigga I did this, I do this. They girls hide the nigga that they be with.


Sometimes I get it, Do the vacation. But if you get, Yeah. You know what I mean? But if you get to know a girl and she really, nigga drink three or four lemon drops in a steak, you nigga you can't take her somewhere and expect her to get an appetizer nigga. But But then when I drop you off I see, I see you like 'cause some girls But now your priorities are for No I'm just saying. Some girls just get money sent to them. Mm. Like they don't really be having true they shit together. Some niggas just be sending a thousand dollars, 1500 or a 2000. We seen it. Facts. And then You know 'em and you like But see that's why you smart. So do the, if she getting that money sent to her cool and she going on a date and you spend that money on a date, don't pay, don't put nothing on no bill.


Don't put her in a better apartment. Bitch drive pull up with that Cavalier. Yes you gonna go to Ruth Creek but you about to drive that motherfucking Car. This roof. Chris ain't lead to a motherfucking dude. You know what I mean? New Beamer. Yeah nice. Nah, I'm All, that's what I said like you right bro. When you see a motherfucker really not living they raps. I am. If I'm fucking with you, we going to go to this motherfucking section eight apartment. I'm going to thrash you just like this is a motherfucker man. But I'm not about to buy if you ain't on no bed and we cracking on this motherfucker air mattress, I'm not buying you no bed. Now if I, if I pop this motherfucker, you gonna go to Walmart to get you another one. That's all I'm saying. Be be them where they at.


Right. Yeah. Facts. Facts. I think. And I think it's our job to give people the game on that because I think niggas come in and they like a girl so much or niggas that ain't never had no fine women before they get some money. That's why the girls get outta pocket. Like the girls who really can't take care of themselves. They'd be like damn I done found the nigga that's Christmas. That nigga come in. He fucked it up for everybody else after him because you done took that girl off their air Masters and put her up real nice. Now every nigga that come after you gotta keep up that well that's her mentality. Yeah. And across the board man you should not be working your hardest to take care of somebody else. Just reevaluate what you got going on. You see a lot of dudes stress 'cause they can't keep up with the times. Whether it be money, shoes, cart bro, just take your time, get your shit together bro.


The people who really rock with you gonna rock with you bro. You can't stress yourself out working to take care of a woman bro. I Feel that. It's hard to tell a motherfucker though that ain't never had no women before with some money what to do though. That is true. Niggas get goofy earlier and be mad later about that shit. But it be the niggas that just catch on late, the late bloomers to the women. That's what turn 'em into horses though now bro. They different IG models, that's all they looking for. Every IG model got a nigga who ain't never had no hoes with some money in they dms and they milking them guarantee and He's willing and ready. Guarantee ain't never seen her, ain't gonna never sniff it but he gonna send that direct deposit. So I don't know it's a women's playground out here but get right fellas get right.


It's man be careful for sure. Hey man, what's up with your boy R Kelly B here man my boy hit the hustle a hell of a transition. Well he went from IG Ho to r Kelly say we know he don't like them. R Kelly That All R Kelly had the fent in jail. I had to get rushed to the nearest Hospital. Oh he took some fentanyl Probably bro Said they tried to kill him bro. Trying to get R outta here Man. Y'all can't kill R Man that ch whoever did that, Was it him or he tried to kill himself? Yeah, I don't know what really but I think they said it is a stunt. They Say it's Cheddar Bob right now. Yeah. So Kill's trying to get out of there man. Do whatever you gotta do bro.


We waiting for the Tour bro. Oh man. I'm going to the Repas. I don't wanna go to the Fme bro. I wanna go to the Repass bro. They can't take Kelly out like this though. Kelly can't take a simple like this we expect But You know they be, You know celebrities bro. They, I don't know man. We gonna have to get more into it but I think they be trying to kill them niggas while they in the joint. I think celebrities need to go to like a celebrity jail. Oh that'd be lit. That is crazy. Like if you had any type of status or something, I Think you should be put in a jail that's like in DC somewhere. Yeah. 'cause you not safe. Nah you really not safe in general population.


And then they need to stream it and call it celebrity jail and put it on Netflix. Oh my god. The real con knock. Yeah, I'm watching. They'd be fired. Everybody will watch bro. So you got Diddy, r Kelly, all the famous people See Murder. See Murder. Don't sy murder with them bro. He deserves to watch. No I'm just saying he in there. Yeah. Who else Famous that's in jail. That's crazy. Tory Lane, toy Lane. Yep. What's my boy from New York that used to crash out? Big cocky nigga that used to rap. I can't remember his name. Fuck I know what you're talking about. Oh damn God. I know what you're talking about. Then My battle Rapp at homie from Brooklyn. Yep. Damn, I can't think of his name. He was ASAP Rocky for, I can't think of his name.


No, But y'all know who I'm talking about. He one Sir. Free the wave. Yep. He was in, the nigga was in the shootout with, I can't think of his name. Him, my old buddy. Not cool. What's the little short one that always be popping? He be popping him and it's dude that started the podcast stuff. Oh yeah. Tone, text tone. Text tone. Alright. Text tone, text. I can't think of dude name. Damn. Dang. We'll figure it out but man. Yeah But nah that'd be lit though. That'd be lit. That boy that'd fucked TV up. And they would've had that Chrissy dude All the white boy. Yeah He fraud. They would've had him in there, You know fraud. You know it was crazy. The people would be so upset. They'd just like, wait, rich people get to go to jail and make more money.


Nah, they ain't go. They get to go be in better condition by themselves. Nah, nah you just streaming. They wouldn't make no money but They just pay everybody they owe. Yeah everybody they that is crazy. So they gotta work to pay the restitutions. Okay, I see. Yeah Shit, I gotta do a jail anyway But they just get to stream they whole life every time they wake up. Oh my god. R Kelly trying to make songs in jail. Oh my god. Yeah people talking to him like You know, gotta give Him a studio. What if people are talking to him like the chat. Chad asked him, what you gonna do tonight? Kill he. Same thing I was doing last night nigga. What you think Diddy on the board. R Kelly in the boo. Legendary. Yeah he can Poche Poche Said Poche.


Oh Chey has to be by himself. He can not be with the wrestling. The board I think PO about to get out too. They been there for a minute man. They legend. It's a couple like legendary wrestling people that's in jail. For real? Yeah it is one lady that was like forgot her name The Fuck they go to jail for One went for drunk driving, she killed somebody driving. Jesus forgot her name. She was like the most famous girl in wrestling when it first started coming. She was the most famous person on the internet actually man, when it first started going on. When Russell crash up they be crashing out. Oh yeah. Speaking of that, how you feel about Goldberg Come back. Goldberg come back every, every three years. Ah, ain't nothing new. Shout to Goldberg.


I remember him. What happened? Did Godda, is Godda still alive? Yeah, he is still alive. Goat does have one of the craziest moves of all time, Bro. He was done. Dennis Robman the wrestler bro. Yeah. Yeah bro. The first GI wrestler for sure bro to know like he really not like that in person. Like real life. Like That's a whole act. Yeah. Oh yeah. His name Dustin Rhode. He probably know his dad. Dusty Rose and his brother Cody Rose. Oh yeah, I didn't, I didn't know that. Yeah, he ain't, nah Was he more popular than them? Nah, nah but he was popular dust Because Dusty Rose, I remember him. Dusty Rose was lit. Gold Dust was popular but like he wouldn't, he didn't wanna do that like Oh wow.


See I did not know that. Just to kiss People sometimes. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. He did. He the robbed me for sure. He was whiling but that, nah he, He a whole different person. He crash out. Wow. So he like dude from the pink. Yeah. He played the role. Yeah He played the role and start crashing. Like his wife was bring it Up. His wife was part of his show. Yeah that was his real wife. Oh shit. But he's like a Randy Orton type crash out. Like he gold dust is just a persona. He'll fuck some shit up. Yeah he I I'll really hurt you. Oh yeah, yeah. Keep it rap 'cause it would be Wick. I real, I mean respect the gold dust. I just thought he was, he was too into that character. I do remember that. He, he was I pocket Bro.


He embraced it. This gonna be a clash action lawsuit against the roles they had to do with their workplace. Bro ain't gonna have no money bro. Vince was wild man. That's why I'm happy they transition over bro. To me. Horror stories for sure. But that's crazy man. R Kelly with the self flocker get well soon man. I, I hope he's okay man. They just need to let him out bro. Who else was, who Else in jail? I'm, I hope nobody take my idea. Celebrity jail. He, because they do all type of like special stuff in jail. Like what's that one company that was like yeah we gonna put open all the, you ever seen that show? There's like, they gonna open all the doors. It's gonna be, everybody can walk around free and see how y'all do. 60 Days in Insane. It wasn't 60 days in. It was like a new show.


It was a show I was watching but they was like basically You know how they locked the doors or whatever. They was like we ain't gonna lock 'em, we gonna keep 'em open. Shit, it's be free sales. Like y'all can move in and outta yourself when y'all want to. And everybody was like, it is like the moment y'all fuck up, somebody fuck it up like we gonna lock the doors again And like dudes was getting in trouble and they, they be ready to kill you gonna fuck it up for us. Like nah about to get my head like we think we about to lock the doors back. But imagine I don't know what jail like I've never been But if you can wake up at one o'clock and just hey nigga, let's go downstairs and play cards. It's probably a lot cooler. For sure. For sure. Yeah. I mean y'all think y'all can do 30 days of jail? No, I can't do three hours. Shouts out to homie hundred To jail bro.


But I come home soon. I'm not doing it. I'm not doing county nothing bro. I am not built for that respect for those do it. I'm doing a minute bro. The moment they say drop 'em, If they let me stream in jail for MI could do it. I'll do it. How long you gotta be in there? 30 Days. I mean if they giving you a million dollars and I could stream, I'm just gonna go over there. I'm gonna tell all the inmates. Listen, don't fuck with me when I get outta here in this 30 days, I'm gonna send a hundred thousand to the jail Bro. They might whoop you for playing with them right here. I I'm, I'm dead ass serious though. But I'm saying they gonna be like man this nigga ain't gonna go fuck back with us. I Swear I'm like, I swear to God you see that camera right there, that one right there.


It's for me. I'll get this, I'll get you a hundred thousand when I get outta here. I came in record. Hey you, you, you lock in because It's a lot of talented niggas in jail Bro. I need 2 million though. Most Definitely for 30 days. I want some of them good street stories from them. OGs. Nah, I'm gonna need 4 million for 30 days. I'm Cool with it Because I got, I'm gonna come back in. I'm gonna show him little, I'm be like


hey, hey man, why we here man, shout out to Ridge one time for the one time. Listen man we had a dope promo code for Y Father's Day gift. I know y'all been slacking but you can still tap in man, get you a nice new wallet man. We're premium materials customizable up to 50 colors, You know what I'm saying? Be here. Them hackers is outside man they gonna keep you safe. Yeah Man check out the R-D-I-F-I believe that's What it's called. Nah, it's RFID. Don't worry about it. Oh okay. That's that technology can get you from getting scammed. You know they protect the wallet and I need that 'cause I always lose my wallet and I don't need nobody going through my stuff man. I got a lot of You know chicken on these cards man. Most definitely. And they got the little spot in there for the air tag, You know what I'm saying? Just in case it get tricky you can recover your stuff man. Tap in with Ridge man. Use that promo code Club five 20 Tell 'em that we sent you and listen man, they got free shipping and a 99 day risk free trial. So listen 99 days for Ridge then you can circle back with the dogs over Boost Mobile 99 99 get you a new wallet and a new phone and our listeners get 10% off. Like we said use their promo called Club five 20. We got you man. Shout to Ridge, we appreciate y'all for show. You know what's even crazy? Yes sir. They got a lifetime warranty on these walks. Hey turn up. Don't get wiped down. Don't get scammed man. Get you a ridge for show You know the vibes


Draft night ain't just about who goes number one. It's about how you show up. And JD Sports is where the future of the league gets laced up. Whether it's Dylan Harper's tenacious two-Way play or Trey Johnson Sharp shooting from deep down south. J D's got the gear to match every draft story from exclusive kicks to player collabs. JD Sports is the plug for the next level style. So while the lead's getting younger, your fix getting fresher. JD Sports with the game meets the streets. Visit jd sports.com to check out their new collection or download the JD app today


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're route and we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving like your occupation or education when you take the test drive using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app Drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for the towels.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no across The country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser told Me from Lava for Good and the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and It's bad. It's really, really, Really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next In this episode I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Y'all see when the Chris Lee dude got outta jail he was, I really didn't want to leave. I was like he is having too much fun. Yeah that boy they there turning Mary, which way will lose that boy Chris. He said I feel badly they was cheering my name when I was walking out. Yeah that was another nigga dropping cartwheels Wave was a favorite than there I was. I was rolling when I was watching he was like the way they be treating that motherfucker. But I was laughing like you look at Martha Stewart, she went to Camp Cupcake and shit like that. It is just like they be like man rich people don't even gotta go to jail for real. They they started a streaming academy that would be h hilarious. That's what I'm saying bro. I would go for 30, I wanna go to the regular shit. I'm saying 30 days my, I get to see my nigga. If you could pay like if Hees so could see my nigga for real.


But if you go to the guys celebrity jail, you gotta pay a million dollars to go to celebrity jail. Mm. Say it again like if you got, if you want to go to celebrity jail, you gotta put up a million or somebody gotta put up a million dollars for you so you can go to celebrity jail. You gotta do a year or two. Whatever you gotta do but you gotta stream of everything. I would do that but somebody gotta pay a million dollars. Like if Diddy, whatever his sentence is, if Diddy gets in into 20 years, he gotta pay 20 million for every year he in there. But you get to go celebrity jail. I'll do it bro. Somebody gonna make a movie off this idea and it's gonna be absolutely hilarious. I would lock in bro. It'd be tight like or Diddy you got 20 years, you got 20 million bet you can go to celebrity jail for 20 years.


Ah he gonna look that and you can cut you get your time cut if you do right and stuff. But like you in celebrity jail but you ain't gotta be over here because they, they should make celebrity jail coed. Nah, now we have too much bobbing now. Now they now shit getting wicked because weed co-ed bro you celebrity jail. Remember what some of the people are in there for. No they cannot be co-ed. We gotta have units though. No come here. Everybody's of age now. We all, no, no separate units. A lot of niggas got weird cases. No, I mean all, all the rape, all that shit. We ain't condoning. I'm just saying come in here act right. You know what I you already in here. You ain't getting out. Make it co-ed bro. Let me have fun bro. But what happens when, You know what I'm saying? Like you said you got them s of staying there but then like every year you gotta renew.


Boy if that paper get low because You know you gotta go yo, you gotta go back. Oh had some bullshit. That's no fault. Like Harvey Weinstein and them like oh yeah he need damn shit. Wait how many years he got like 50? Yeah or you, you don't wanna be in there with the wolves. Give us 50 men. You come to celebrity jail, you going, you gonna be by your, You know you gonna chill. It's gonna be number celebrity, you gonna get to eat, you gonna stream it. You going be cool. You just in jail, you ain't gonna get out. But boy like the homie whip Nene who got 30 years boy. Alright, maybe he got that first L but next year that's what he gotta go to jail. Yeah but you gonna have people unli themselves bro. So I'm not going there. Yeah he Killed, he killed his cousin. Not saying he right or nothing like that. He's a normal human being though. Like to a certain extent bro, let him go And do that.


But he you na nay and they say 30 years you gotta do 15. He'd be like I got 15 mil, I wanna do all my 15 over a celebrity jail. But you get another year I'm gonna be rich. You're in county buddy. I'm gonna be rich. You know Prayfully, all this stripping stuff continues. I'm by the time I get out it's up. You know everybody go to jail. You come out you lit. Yeah you no matter what you did. So yeah, I'm something bro. R Kelly what he get 40 years something. Yeah Bro. Probably could he, he trying to kill himself. They trying to kill him. Heroin. He could get, he won't have enough money to get to celebrity jail like I am really somebody we had to get a GoFundMe going to get him a celebrity jail. Oh. And well they had it the first time for his lawyers and stuff.


That's crazy. Yeah. There's more people in the world need help. But GoFund me, if y'all, if something like this happened, man y'all need to cut me in on a deal man. Hey go head patenting out. They already got me bounce. Yeah. Shout out to me Bounds man. Respect. We gotta get you some merch for show man. Hey man, before we get outta here, I I know we all are at the DoorDash users. Shout to DoorDash. You appreciate y'all send more money by the way. But have y'all had any wild DoorDash stories recently? 'cause I've been having some crazy experiences with my shit bro. My DoorDash smooth bro. The other day, me and Malcolm streaming, my DoorDash got stolen three times from the door. Oh. You know homeless people walk around all the time though Bro. I, I'll be like, oh my DoorDash, should I walk outside?


I'm like nah, hell no With the picture. Yeah. I'm like Wow Now you planted in my face. Then I, I cancel it like it did come re re he came, it did come the last time I sat at the door for a whole 20 minutes and I watched the dude come up there and take the picture and turn. I was like Uhuh nah. He said oh no, no I don't know what door it nigga you just took a picture. Gimme that. Wow. And then he dropped his keys and I ain't tell you see y'all see them keys at the front. That's what happened. He dropped his keys. Wow bro. Nah, I don't how You know how you nervous? You like no, no, no, no, no. I just gimme that damn back keys drop. Nah. Yeah You robbing the door DoorDash dude your food is crazy Man.


My DoorDash name was Helen bro. Pulled up 20 minutes later and said wouldn't listen to my instructions and it was a six three African said nigga and no country is your name Helen Quick catfishing on this ad bro. Yeah somebody gonna get peeled doing that bro. You Know they don't play that in Africa so he probably just under his wife name. He probably ain't legal yet but The burner accounts and DoorDash has to stop bro. True. But You know they probably not legal bro. Like No I'm cool. I'm not mad. Get your money bro. But it is really not safe bro because Jalen had pull it up on me bro. It's Javier bro. So I understand it bro. That's a good way to get some money. I ain't mad nobody getting a hustle on. But the worst part is when you see that first text in the DoorDash and you see translate the Spanish, I'm like oh I can't call you now.


I did. I I'm gassing, I love DoorDash but y'all had a motherfucker on the bike. This is when I was at home and this nigga had my shit on the handlebar and my motherfucker Popeyes was doing this on the motherfucking handlebar I was so he ride the bike like this. Who my fool am I seeing? Really? That's a juice ho. That's A Man my fool the whole way to piss me pick.


But that's a crazy pull up. That nigga riding a bike to your crib. It is crazy. So he didn't even have it on the warmer or nothing. He had on the head of bars Going like this. They do it all the time in New York. Niggas Papa Willis my daughter But they usually having like the bag like Nah bro they Be riding with the bag Was on New York. Y'all probably didn't pay attention when we was on the on the strip bro. They was on bikes bro. Taking people they food bro. Yeah I've seen that. I've even seen it here like I've even had my pizza delivery from a place that was rather close. He had it, You know what I'm saying? On the back of a bike. Cool. But on the handlebar are you popping Willie's and shit? My pizza on the bike is crazy. Yeah bro, when he pulled up I was like that's crazy but what I'm gonna do order something else But luckily it was tos. I know he wasn't wilding. Yeah but I'm thinking of well where you staying where Popeye's is for him to track it down that road bike?


No, that Motherfucker Biscuit was rumbles nigga Motherfucker Long John Silver does nigga. But You know it's a method to it like they can say they on a bike 'cause you get paid more for saying you got a bike For real The whole time people be driving cars. That's happened to me too. I just thought I was being slow. I was on some hot shit but damn. Okay I see the finesse. Damn that is crazy. So You get paid more for riding a bike? Yeah, like you put the, you get paid an extra couple dollars. Oh boy they get a quiet workout. Bring your food everywhere on me. I don't remember that. So I'm, I'm about 99% with Shout out the DoorDash Appreci nigga bring my food on a bike.


I'm making him turn around so you forgot some Ketchup something I'm saying like bro get out here. I'm gonna cancel the order as soon as I see him riding up for you to see him pull up and see your fool doing this. Yeah I'm gonna cancel. I lost it because You can see when they get close I'm like let me go out here, save him a walk. I'm gonna walk down my driveway. It's a little walk. Nah bro, that motherfucker, he got his hands in the here doing this. I said You know what, you ain't even from here. Ice is closed. Did y'all used To see, did you say ice is closed? Yes. Yes the building was around the corner. That Was wrong. People, y'all ever seen the dude that used to ride his bike around the whole Indianapolis? He used to wear the headphones.


Yeah, true. Yeah and he used to ride backwards and shit. Yeah. Yeah. That's funny. I bet he probably called a DoorDash. I used to see him at that rallies right there on Thursday. College all the time riding past. You say he probably called a DoorDash. Whoa. He probably a lead. That's a new trick though. I ain't know you get paid more with the bike. I've always been looking at the race too. It's some, hey it is some professionals on there. There's some superstars in that DoorDash game for sure. Yeah bro you got 150 stars. You going crazy? Yeah all them kids, all the people that stole my food, I gave them terrible reviews and I complained so I hope they got fired. They took your car. What Was you ordering Hooters? Nah, it was the Eagle. Ah damn. Yeah the the Dway punk fake is crazy.


They hit you with the picture. It didn't go back in the car. That's what I was like. What you really fucked my day up now? Nah, for facts. I was down here sick. Mike was smacking his food too. I'm like damn nigga like you licking his fingers and shit. You know how freak freak he Mike, he go crazy. Yeah. You know What I mean? I seen that nigga take a chicken drumstick one clean. I said damn. Yeah that's What he was on that day. But I mean he was in there wasn't he or you wasn't there? Was you there? He was eating him drumstick like that. It's crazy. I said damn outta all the chicken piece. He went right to the drum. I swear real bro. He had six piece drums. Maybe order it. I was like damn I'm Mike Don't play.


Mike Don not play. He clean that ball. That's crazy. Two Match. Can't lick It after ball. That's crazy. Look at at Drumsticks we That is crazy. Why take that gr off that top man. Pause bro. Yo, that is nasty.


Oh man y'all man, before we get out here Man, shout to Boost Mobile Man. 99 99. Tap in. Get you a iPhone 1548 megapixels. Where they at? T They 5G Nationwide. Man, no man. Tap in for sure. Shout to Boost Mobile before we get outta here.


Be here telling people when they can grab some merch. Shop club five twenty.com baby. Appreciate y'all get on The vibe. We'll catch y'all next time. Club five 20. The volume.


Yeah, we're taking over Times Square's JD Sports for a special draft takeover. We're chopping it up with the next generational hoop stars, top picks, fresh fits and real talk catch exclusive interviews behind the scene vibes and the crew checking out the latest heat and JD Sports. It's all going down on Club five 20 podcast powered by the volume. Don't miss it. For excitement and check out their new collection, visit jd sports.com or download JD app.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled. One of the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or ever you get your podcasts. This is an iHeart podcast.