
Man, listen. Traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staring the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, spots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified, ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Out to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


This is what you do when you're love of the sneaker game. Had you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic streetwear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you can wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on. I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume.


You wanna know what the best thing about being a sports fan is. There's only two days in the entire year that we don't have any games in any sport. So with all that action in the sports world that just makes about every day game day at Draftking Sports Book. If you're new to DraftKings, listen up. You can bet $5 and get $150 in bonus bets instantly. All you gotta do is download the Draftking Sports book app now and use promo Code Club five 20. That's Code Club five 20 for new customers. All you gotta do is bet $5 for $150 in bonus bets. Only on DraftKings Sports book The Crown is yours.


Alright, y'all be back. Another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. Feel good to be home man, we've been away for a while. We back on the home court. Still got my dogs with me to my left. My dog Bishop be here out the pearl. He how you what? Nasty. Cool and nasty. Let's get a tour, baby. Hey man. Listen. The aesthetics in the studio going crazy man. I know. We been on the road for a little minute. I'm walking around. We got the bare bricks, you know what I'm saying? Real comfortable. T you got the championship box set over here. But shout out to Michelin ness. Hin dog got the VSOP propped up. Shout out to the Henny gang. Like how we looking right now. Shout out to Ron man. Shout out to Ron. We can't talk about we doing the club, but shout out to the Hennessy game man that showed us love. Hell of a fucking time. Thank you two times to my right.


My dog. Young Nacho, young Teague. How you what man? Man I'm cooling bruh. These by the D unboxing some stuff man. I found some 90 fives that I made. These are some Nike Id I 90 fives from way back when. I ain't gonna hold you when I was Peep your fe Instagram and say I have never seen those before. I ain't know if they was a collab or just something you'll send on, but the fact that you, you know what I'm saying, got some Nike ID shoes. It's crazy. Yeah, Nike IDs back in like oh 10. Oh 10 is great. 2010. Oh 10, shit. Same shit. Hey man, shout out to all the real niggas who made a cart full of Nike ID shoes and never bought 'em. Yeah, I was.


I was a culprit. Yeah, I definitely did that. But shit, I used to, what other the forces. I used to make the forces still, I kept them on deck. Did you make them? Nah, these, these is handmade. I actually tried to make them them. Nike had joints. For real? Yeah. It didn't look like they didn't have as option. Yeah. I said it's too dangerous for niggas to just to be buying like that. But it's crazy because back in the day you could make all the fire basketball signature models. Like you could make whatever new Kobe was there, every new LeBron was there. That is definitely not an option now, man, that Kobe four used to go crazy on the Nike id? Yeah. Oh what the Kobe four? The KD four.


And there's a couple other LeBrons too. That LeBron 10, like there was some crazy gems they used to have on a Nike Id for sure. And I didn't know until I started working for Nike that people was like really returning them shit. Returning their shoe. You custom made as crazy as hell because how don't you like something you made? As long as I got my receipt bro. I used to make them 2K fours, bro. Ah, damn. Yeah, I had a couple pairs of them. I hoop in turn. The customs is crazy. I mean obviously we, we didn't give a fuck. I'm just like how did you like something that you made for yourself? I could see if it was a gift or something like that. Like you made these for you custom. How you get these like nah, I'm cool. Y'all really made them though.


I created 'em. Y'all physically made them. But the paint is off on my shit, bro. Reimbursement you can't get your car painted and go back to oh I can't shop and say hey this ain't what I wanted. Oh yes I can. Those essays will do a touch up if necessary For sure. They gonna touch you up and keep your car. You gonna lose a car and the pay job today, that's man, I got real insurance on that motherfucker for sure. The fact that Mike is trying to make him while we on here is crazy. That's crazy. Get well soon. Put the white Nike on the back of the back of the toe. Whatever you call that partner. Nah, you Volkswagen. I ain't How you what? Yeah, that is, they got like weird texture options is like, is the issue.


It's too premium. They won't make make it be all leather. Yeah, they outta of pocket. We seen the black Nikes in Vegas, but the perforated leather. I said that is way too dangerous. Yeah, it was damn near. All right though. It was all right. It was one 60 though. They was out of pocket for sure. Hey Teg man. You know what I'm saying? Get well soon to the game man. What, what happened? What happened this weekend man? You know what I'm saying? Y'all was on a roll and you know what I'm saying? I looked and seen that score and said damn that it was a rough, rough weekend when Ball's Life didn't send that edit. I said yeah shit must have got spoken. Oh, there was no edits in this one. Shout out to Jay Carl and them, but man we had to take a seven hour flight from Indianapolis to Seattle.


Well Indianapolis to Portland. We had to stop in Seattle. Had a layover to get to Portland. We land at 1130, we play at one. Damn. Like it was just all bad. All the flights was getting canceled. I mean I'm, I mean for everybody this whole weekend I'm sure. Yeah. Some family members or whoever missed some flights. But to fly for six, seven and a half hours, seven hours to go hoop. Nah, that ain't built for that G. Nah, I knew it was gonna be a bad game. Then the second play of the game, I pulled my groin. I was like, I knew it. My only, my only fear of hooping in the big three was getting hurt and I got hurt. Damn. Damn. But it was ugly though.


Shit. I don't think we scored 10 in the first half. That's all good. Yeah, I looked at score, I said oh damn, I, I thought there was gonna be a whole bunch of clips of talking shit about, I said, oh, they didn't have no clips of this. Yeah, this must have been ugly nigga. Man was definitely going through it on whoever flew this weekend, God bless you. Especially if you went to Atlanta. I seen the line of the lost baggage claim and said yeah, charge out to the game bro. You ain't getting that back. Yeah, I'm nothing. I'm losing my baggage in a time like that. That's terrible bro. It was bad bro. We just had to fly Alaska. You ever flew the airline ever in my life? Yeah, we flew on Alaska. Damn. I'm ready to hear about it though. Nah, actually it's better than Southwest. It's better than all them.


Oh God. I'll take Alaska over any of them. But that was the D, you know Cube showed us a lot of love. So man, we just tried to return the favorite pulse. Damn cube didn't put you in the middle seat. Nah, I mean at that point we ain't even care bro. Like niggas were trying, the flights were just so bad. I just wanted, and then I flew home right after the game. Another seven hours. Right back like our flight. The game was over at like three. Our flight was at like five, six. Me. Andm was back. Damn. Got home at like five in the morning and now I'm here. You got another layover? Yep. Went to Seattle. Seattle to Port Portland. Seattle, Seattle. Back home.


Damn. Damn. Shit. Get with it bro. Shout out somebody who flew somebody out this weekend. It did not go as planned. I seen boys complain. He was just like, I want her here for the weekend and now she gonna be here Monday. That's a bad, it's a bad feeling. Go home though. She Can't. She can't home unless she got caught in the layover. But then you just chilling in the airport and it's wicked in there like that. Bitch go home. You feel me? Get that rose out. FaceTime me. Don't goddamn damn sit at no airport. If you stayed at an airport for 12 hours, you are locked the fuck in. Crazy bro. My guy that worked at the big three, sitting in the airport for seven, I was like, man, you ain't go home.


He was like, nah, I gotta get this chicken my boy. I said, respect, I respect that. You better man than me. 'cause that flight would've got delayed for one minute. I would've turned my car on and back home. Fuck that.


Oh This summer. Hence he encourages you to shake things up and explore new possibilities. A partnership with some of their friends and family. Hennessy is putting their twist on some of your favorite cocktails, including the margarita, the berry mojito. These fresh cocktails will turn your next gathering into something more. Set things off with a Hennessy margarita as squeeze of fresh lime juice and a bit of agave syrup topped off with ice and a Salta rim. Mix it, shake it, poured, and enjoy Hennessy Hennessy made for more. Please enjoy Hennessy responsibly 21 and over only.


This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the reals. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again, the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind streak where you're dying to wear in fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet. On eBay, you'll feature your eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines. Start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make a designer collab your main course, the cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Can't Get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your Podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Alright, we back. Shout out to DoorDash Pen. What you grab? Got the bubs today baby. Oh that's a hell light. That's a hell of a choice. Yeah. When was the last time you had bubs? Never. It's getting wicked. You ain't never fuck with bubs. Never that nigga eat Hooters. So make a better choice. Make better life choices nigga. This is not a DoorDash commercial either. This is just this nigga doing that. What you talking about dj? What's your story bro? Story time wells. Nah, this ain't my story nigga. I, I never get my name like this. So I see it on Twitter, you know what I'm saying? A pastor, he was, he was preaching the eulogy, you know what I'm saying? The widow was, you know what I'm saying?


She was court side of course. 'cause that was her husband that passed away and the pastor proposed to this woman at the end of the funeral. Now I know we had some old conversations at the old five 20 regarding this, but how out of pocket is that for the passage to propose to the widow at the fucking funeral? Yeah bro. That had to be staged, bro. Yeah, dude. Like do they have kids? I, I didn't even go to that. I didn't even do any deep research that I just feel like as a family member, if somebody supposed to step in that situation. Ah yeah bro. What you on bro? Like my uncle, my cousin just died bro. And you been stiff arming his wife bro.


That's out of pocket. Then you get on one knee and propose to her. Well what's the time limit on that though? Like is she, she was getting cracked. He only had to be dead a, a week or two. I mean she been a free agent. And we know free agency happens fast so I can't No if you proposing shit, he been cracking for some time. Sure. There we go. There we go. Yeah, he must must have been like sick or something. Yeah, she wasn't on the wait wire long enough for them to be that locked in. Yeah. How long should the motherfucker wait though? Like if you die, how long should your girl wait before she move on? Let's, let's move on. Because getting cracked and getting proposed to is two crack. Nah, that's proposed to is extreme.


I'm talking about start dating there, you know, like start dealing with somebody else. I don't even fuck I'm dead. Yeah. That's how I feel too. I'm cooked reverse though. I'm, I'm hooping the next day. Okay. Yeah but fuck man I lost my soulmate. That boy, that boy turn that need turn that motherfucker over now he for the big three. That boy, that boy risking that distance Puy. Nah, I'd probably be sad as hell. Yeah I probably wouldn't even talk for about a month.


Yeah, it depends on how old we are. Yeah, we like 75, 80. Yeah, I'm probably, I'm hitting a day nap. You get hopping on the app? Yeah. Damn. I'm 75, 80. I probably won't even give a fuck. Yeah somebody could bring, I don't want no bun anyway. 7 5 80. I'm crazy. Speak for yourself. Who in the 80 is crazy? Yeah, I'm straight on that bun of 80 bro. Come on bro. I just want a neck dinner. That's when, that's when that's crazy. The older you get. I feel like the older you get the freakier you become though. But at 80 you you too nasty shit. Yeah, if we like right now like niggas about to be 40 and shit and a motherfucker do, I'm gonna be sad for sure. I'm gonna wait while, yeah, I'll probably fucked up for a couple months.


Alright. Give me like a couple, a couple months I'll probably be fucked up for half a year. That that Nah, you ain't, you can't wait a couple months because that sympathy coach gonna get off the backboard motherfucker bring that dessert for the before pass. I don't want it though because look where you, you got damn near you at the crib. Like if y'all live together, you and your girl you got, I damn gotta move out the crib. I'll just go another room. Nah, you got a big house. We done tore that house up. Damn in. It ain't spot. We ain't been okay. Open gym. You be with the new, you be with the new little joint.


Damn, I remember I threw it off the backboard of here. Damn we got a crack in in here. No, I remember the fight party. It was like wow. Nah for real though. I'm, I'm going on a date in a couple months. Hell nah it gonna take probably half a year before I could even like So you gonna go, are you gonna take her to a play out you had been before with your ex? I don't know. Choke on his problem. False. Now is that not pocket? I don't, I don't even think that's a thing. For real. No I we live in Indianapolis. Everybody.


Everybody been everywhere. Come on bro. Niggas have been to culture. Yeah everybody been everywhere. Catfish is still good. I want to go back with or without you. Yeah everybody everywhere bro. It ain't it is you. We don't have that many options here. This ain't Vegas bro. Yeah, yeah like ain't to be options there either. Shout to the fountain blue but nah, I don't even think that even mattered though. I don't think you know like bro said he dead. I don't maybe that's not how you feel. That's how I feel. I'm dead. Go ahead and go crazy if you want to. Yeah. You know what I mean but just don't let one of the niggas eye didn't like hit wait till I'm like good and dead. Damn my nigga bro. Once you outta you out. Yeah but like make sure I don't know what good bad means. Make sure my send off was fired. Like make sure niggas was clowning that bitch and then, and then let that we wee ass nigga hit you Let one of my ops hit after I'm dead.


I'm haunting you bitch you outta pocket. I don't care. No I'm coming back. I'm Casper I'm he care. Nah I don't care because that nigga gonna be fucked up. I don't care. It's 13 ghosts on in this bitch. Every time she puts something on it's gonna be, I remember when Jeff had got me this, I like yeah young talking white bite that motherfucker right on it. Yeah he gonna be slam jamming. We already told y'all about the back tag all God forbid if a girl baby daddy die, he's still on the back of her. It's the same way. I don't, I don't want none of that. If a girl baby daddy died, splash brother like you gotta add your name on top of it. If p if P was to leave us early like when I'm 78 90 I don't want nobody I'm leaving but like nah nevermind.


I can't even speak on that. Don't nah that that's don't do it. My heart will be too hurt bro. I don't even, she can't leave but I got, I gotta die before p she can't die. I feel the same way. Yeah she can't die before me but him. She got the, if she got the tramp step with a name, it's like the old library checkout book. See if you put you on that right under it's like your turn. For sure I'm cool girl got a trem step I'm don't want, I'm cool. That 30 5-year-old nigga in motherfucking 2057 Mike I be my head be shaking and shit. I be like turn around now you 10 can't do it. Can't do it.


Can't do it. Yeah you athlete niggas be fucked up when y'all get old too. How the fuck we young lot of y'all niggas be having to shakes and shit. Nah, I'm be smooth. Come on. Nah, I'm gonna be smooth bro. I work out. You do bro. Shout out to Julius Irving bro. He, he smooth as hell. I be seeing him. I'm like damn you definitely smooth shout to Dominique too. Yeah your inspiration bro. I'm like damn Julius gotta be in his seventies damn easily, easily. He walking around smooth as hell. He was 40 and 70. Crazy how old? 4 74. He smooth as hell from 74. He never stopped hooping bro. That's sweet. Dominic. They never stopped hooping. I'm like damn he walking around that motherfucker like the mayor.


I said boy you clean boy still got all his hair and everything. I'm like damn I ain't gonna have that for sure that 74 my shit gonna be up B. Where you think he gonna get deshant? I got two more years. Damn I got about two. That motherfucker leaving like that. Nah P just be stressing me out. That nigga's been two years boy. You're 18 boy. 36 So make it the 38 with here. It is an accomplishment in my family. For real. Besides my older brother. My nigga got full head of dreads but got different mama for real Got Wicks. He got different mama that matters. Yeah he got different mama. His lineage a little bit.


Yeah his lineage a little different. That nigga got a full hairline. Wicks his damn his, his hair is too much like nigga damn. Speaking about brothers I got a issue with a or a motherfucker who think they a brother motherfucking Tayshawn. I mean I about to say Tayshawn Prince Brittany Grinner. You talking about brothers. That nigga said Brother Tayshawn Prince. I mean Brittany Grinder. That's a hell of a mixup boy. Boy they look alike nigga. This bitch a said what'd she say man I'm the Fox. She was, she was getting interviewed.


This one was like hey you know congratulations you know you about to be a my arm. She says no pops right Bitch you not one of us. They not like us. You weren't born with the sword. Oh she bought it. You feel me? Speaking, speaking of Bri Garner shout to the WNBA All all Star game. That she crazy kind of lit. Hey you know what that shit was Fire one of the better concepts I have seen executed Team USA got they ass whooped which is that's 'cause Enrique she motherfucker come on five 20 alumni. Y'all should have Yeah they tripping. She better than Sabrina and them. That's just me though. Yeah I ain't, I'm ready to talk about it and listen, I understand I respect Diane Tei but Diane Tei should be assistant coach.


She is in the way Ben in the way. And that's no disrespect. We know she's a legend. It's all disrespect. Nah I'm just playing shit. Fuck it. But she in the way bro. Enrique show her she ain't better than Enrique bro. Enrique is like that five 20 alumni. You know what it is. But that game was fire. Yeah To see like the young, the young guards, the young up and coming players in the W team up to play the OGs and then you look at it as just like damn that's that committee. Y'all looking funny in the light. I understand that. That was just a little situation. I'm not gonna say that they played for real, for real it was competitive but if it was a play a little bit harder could Team USA won? For sure they turned it on at the end. But that concept to me is just fire. I mean it was fire but like I said, Rico better than though and they kind of pissed me off when people get left off shit like that.


That's better 'cause of the names or the the popularity and it's like yeah shout out to Kelsey Plum. I love her. She cool too. She's a good player but she's not better than Enrique. Nope. Fuck no. And what's crazy about it is she Enrique pulled herself out of the team because of, you know what I'm saying? Politics. But you know what that is. Yeah it's crazy bro. We know what's up. But the concept was fire for them to have the setup that they had to kind of showcase fire. Why Pit Bulls? The halftime performer blew my mind. Who you talking about him bro. All the up and coming female rappers, singers up and coming artists.


Y'all niggas pick Pit Bull. You want to gorilla to perform shit. Fuck that would've been lit if they would've had Sexy Red and Gorilla perform at the WNBA All shit that would've been hard. That would've been crazy. Now they would've definitely caught some odds. That motherfucker was definitely on A, B, C. Yeah, I mean Pit Bulls a old, it was a old rapper. Yeah. When's the last time you heard a nigga say turn that pit bull on at my house? Nah, really? I'm just playing. They don't even like Pit Bull. Shout the P Monster. But what I'm saying is yeah due to the type of the WNBA All since they got Pit Bull will get an old player. I mean the old rapper, they should have got Queen Latifah, she fit the seven. So bitch out Guy Coin mc light, you feel me?


Yeah Mc Light. That motherfucker would've sound like the free concert or expo on Friday night. But it's like get one of them, you know what I mean? Get one of what's one of them, one of the Juneteenth. What? Hey fuck it. We fitting everybody today. This nigga went from Juneteenth. Listen Juneteenth, he talk about the month of June. He ain't talk about that holiday. Yeah, holiday respect to June as well. They should have got Queen Latif for Mc Light. Yeah that would've been, that would've been a cool combo. But I, I would've liked to see here bro wouldn't that'd been bad as hell. Nah, turn ain bullshit off. They would've respected what's going on.


But listen, let me walk through the super song. This is ladies, that's her you NIT you, IT left. Nah, they shoulda played that for real ladies. And I got a bunch of lefthanders on here. I'm tripping. That's Miss Yell on there. Nah. Yeah I'm just say that but she one of them too. She'll power for too. You in it. You Miss Elliot should be on a who you calling a bitch. That's what she said. Missy Elliot is an OG. Missy Elliot I fuck with. Hey Missy Elliott got some of the best music videos of all time Innovat for sure. I I'm lying. Did you see Bussa rhymes and they're all red. Y'all hear something super funny when you Google Queen Latifah songs, people also search to Missy yell Mc light.


Yeah bro it's, it's the lineage bro. That's a hell of a algorithm. The WNBA All the nigga wiping down that chicken like today what on the show is crazy. The first song that nigga ate a whole 10 piece and that was Buffalo Wild. Y'all owe him a check for that the first day. First. I wiped it down though. The first song with the fries. Now you know why she made the song. Oh while we had a watermelon bro, we would've spent all, would've met every stereotype on this bitch today we need some great, so here to see water and chicken. Love Who you love?


They did service watermelon. Vegas did I smacking at me it was, you know what's so funny? My wife tapped me, said they disrespect I didn't get a to just down. Hey you said they disrespect. Hey Mike, remember we was at the taco place? She said what's your favorite drink? She said watermelon. I said wait a minute, is this your favorite or what's you're suggesting us because this is a different conversation now I swear he tapped me like that pee motherfucker bro. She said that's disrespectful Hennessy and Watermelon. Oh man. Mix it, shake it. Pour shit. Show shout. It was fire too but shout out to my dog. Oh man. Shout to the hen family. We love y'all but hey the other team USA, they need to get that shit together.


Nah, my niggas was hooping shout out to my niggas from the Sudan. South Sudan. Yeah. Hey Josh co told y'all in Africa they out there hooping outside. They said bro we don't have an indoor gym. That's crazy bro. Like not to have an indoor gym but shout out to my boy Lou Al d bring together, he about to build him a gym out there. Real. That's gonna be big. I fuck with Lou. He one of the coolest teammates I ever had, bro. Yeah. One of the smartest dudes I ever been around. And to see Royal Ivy, my old head man he was on, he was in training camp with me my rookie year New York legend man. He was cool as hell And to see him coaching that team, that was dope bro. Hell yeah. I seen William Grape was talking about like it was dope to bring that type of awareness to the situation you and shout out to them. But ain't no win. Fuck we supposed to be robbed upon LeBron James to take us home against them bro.


That's in the script bro. That's in the script. Yeah. Exhibition game bro. Gotta give a little excitement. Those Sadan players can hoot. Yeah bro. What you call them Sadan Sudan, South Sudan. Little while you know I fuck with you bro. Shout out to the gang nigga got a little accent. Ain't nothing wrong with it. That nigga caught him SDA nigga Soda Hue say that's a different, that's the wrong, that's the wrong phone. That was wrong. Yeah that was a gangster back in LA All niggas brought it up in the comic and that was down. We posted that Pickle Gild. They was like damn you look at them. DoorDash was here and be talking about with them sandals. I was crying bro.


Yeah motherfucker said Gil was dressed like an African door in the industry. Shout out to my nigga ain't good man. Shout out to Gil man. But nah. Hey man Steve Curt please start Anthony Davis over Joel NB. We've seen enough bro. I don't care if this is exhibition. You already got a shitty track record. What happened last time you was the coach of this team? Hey man, we need to get right man. We need to whoop nigga's ass. Andy Davis is playing like really, really well right now bro. I hope it transfers to the season bro. Ah for sure. I think, I mean last year people had a lot of slack on ad about the going into the year by him being hurt and playing but shit he nah he had a hell of a year last year. But I'm just saying I hope that they be like a real team to reckon with.


Like I want the Lakers to be good when the Lakers are good, the NB a's good and they give us more content to talk about. Yeah. Yes please. LeBron don't be too old lecture. But it was crazy that we had to rely upon LeBron getting a bucket to in the game. That's crazy. You know how much respect I just gained for LeBron like in that moment like pulling your groin at 36 and to think that this nigga is 40 and he's on the Olympic team. Yeah he would never do that Top five in the league still shit like that. Like god damn nigga. Tell me the fucking secret man. What is the spend a million dollars on your body every year? I couldn't, I couldn't have been me. I'm probably 100,000.


Yeah and that's a stretch too. I'm lying. 20 5K. Wow. I dunno what package that is. It was a bare minimum. That's Alec Bare minimum cart. Bare minimum. I got a chef for half the day. Which will Chef make Nigga was making Chicken piece of Rose or was that? That's Catfish catfishing. I wanna make sure so you have a caler in your body bro. I'm here to kill you and I heal you.


That nigga's stupid and history experience this weekend, right? No. Oh damn it ain't. It's next weekend. Oh I'm about say this episode comes out on Monday. It will be this July 28th slide if you can. The tickets still available? No. Hi. You can't slide. Sorry. Listen, sorry. People call people was writing me in my DM like yo how can I get a ticket to the Hendricks experience? I said listen here family. It was hit you. Yeah. I said listen here family. Well people have hit you before. Yeah. I'm like I don't, that's crazy. I was like I don't, I'm not a part of that. They like what it ain't a five 20 event. I was like no he he actually got a page too. It ain't out the pearl. You can write him. It's okay. Why are you cussing at me like yeah they was mad but I be answering questions for you sometimes though.


So but but they was mad that they couldn't get a ticket. I'm like I heard I'm really hated on Facebook for Yeah I'm bro time for a bigger venue bro. I gotta beg. Yeah but sometimes and I tell people when you get greedy bro, if sometimes hurt your brand. Yeah. And unless I can find the right logistics somewhere else, I love where I'm at. I'm with it. That's cool. But yeah, tell 'em niggas don't hit me. I don't got nothing to do with that. I just show up nigga they had a whole post on him. They said he don't respond to the females about the the experience. I said Oh they out here. Oh yeah. Oh. It was three wrote. It's funny 'cause it was three polls. It was three homeboys that like, I don't know 'em, I'm just gonna call 'em. I don't wanna call 'em n word and I don't wanna call 'em because you don't know what they are.


But it was three, it was three fellas. It was three fellas that hit the like DM me on some like ah y y'all two Hollywood nigga can't get in y'all party. I'm like it's not my party right here. You he, he's snitching. He make that I can't get it either. You feel me? I take the smoke field with some shit. I'll but it ain't my party. I'm like bro y'all want me to do it. Y'all making section for you bro. Ain't like i I be sitting in the corner because the crazy thing is though about that. And I tell dudes all the time, bro, all the females buy all the tables and sections and that's a fact. I don't for real, I really don't have dudes that buy maybe two of my old heads that buy tables from me.


Everything else is by the females. Can you tell 'em that? We even pull, we just pull up. We don't even have a table. Well hold on. You talking too much now Charleston. Now don't we just pull up though? Yeah you do. Yeah, I'm saying they be acting like we got tables. We buy general mission tickets. Yeah, we probably, yeah we just pull up and show love to the family. I got declined last time I tried to come so Yeah you try, you try to get some food. Yeah, that's, that's crazy. All the shit you do for him, he can't get you an extra plate. Oh I just turned back around. That is crazy. All shit he do for me, all the assistant shit. He do bro. Y y'all, I didn't look Mike, I can look out for Mike, you know but sometimes when we sell 200 plates I can't do nothing bro.


It be over bro. Hey man, I ain't gonna lie. He did that to me one time. One time I hit him like, hey I got some more chicken wings. He said you too late bro. I said this motherfucker, it don't be like that bro. You know I lay y'all to death. I stretch YI stress the pause as much as I can But so listen, it ain't just y'all, he do that to us too. The rules are for everybody. Yeah bro. Yeah man. When Jordan sell out can't go ask niggas in the back for some This one though. It, it is crazy that the reaction I'm getting now 'cause now everything's going in two days. So price, the brick going up. But the, the beauty thing about it is like the way you doing it gets, I'm giving you a flowers right now. I'm usually don't do that. Usually hate but like yeah you do it give you, it's something that people look forward to for, for real.


You know what I'm saying? It's a good time. It ain't no fights. It ain't no bullshit everybody. And it's, I ain't gonna lie, it's a older crowd, you know? For sure. So it be smooth, like it just be a good time and then your party lead up to it be crazy nights about after that you get people going. I see people go to the clubs, you know we got the group text with all the guys from around. They be so where we at next God I be like, be here. Got y'all turned up now y'all ready to run through a wall? Yeah. The crazy thing is, bro, it's on a Sunday so yeah y'all done, y'all done have some of my homeboys and got they girl pregnant again. It is crazy. Off of Hendrick experience. Oh, shout out. I got a few of them stories. Shout out to my people. Taylor and Rob. They had a baby.


Little Blair off my shout out. I, I experience I had one party And, we made a family. So shout out to my guy. Motherfucker got married too. Damn. Motherfucker got, motherfucker got engaged from one of my parties. That is crazy. Oh for sure. Damn at the pool party. Shout to my nigga Brad got busy in the pool and turned into a baby in the wedding. Shout to my nigga Brad. Man, Brad broke in the pool. Shout to court court. That's a hell. What's crazy about them man? So and I love, I love, I love them two motherfuckers to death. But Courtney was snoring on my couch. Oh my god. In the middle of the party and woke back up like, what's up? I said, damn Brad boy you got put your down.


She took a nap and everything and bounced back. Shout to my nigga, man, shit going on the couch is crazy. I swear to god bro. He probably was rubbing his hairs like, boy only if she no this, this probably was after went to sleep one woke up two. Shout out to the game man. My guys man the family. Shout out to the game man. Shout they got a beautiful little one too. Yeah man. Shout out to the Hendrick experience becoming the staple in this city. If you can't, if you can't recognize that, you just fucking stupid.


This is what you do when you're love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again the latest sneak drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind street where you're dying to wear and fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet on eBay your feature eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines. Start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make the designer collab your main course. The cherry on top. A timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures in rare fashion. eBay things people love.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the source. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista and NFL Network's team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders your loyal viewers show. Now you're on it. How's it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I loved this waking up putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Hey. there some crazy shit going on in this media world. Skip Bayless up out of FS one SPN statement out and said yeah shout out to skip what he do but he is not going to be here either. I'm very interested to see the landscape of how things are changing. You see Shannon, you know what I'm saying? Signing another deal with SPN and we've been talking to some people and just seeing like the landscape of how they're trying to slot social media and personalities and kind of plug and playing podcasts into this network. Shit. It's just crazy that somebody like Skip is like damn up outta here. I mean Skip can do his own shit but it's crazy to see somebody who had a prominent show for so long and low key held down on network to be a free agent. Yeah, I shout out to Skip Bailey who did his job but to be real I think people fuck with like people who been there and keep it real.


Yeah like you can't speak on people and you ain't never really experienced that. Yeah and like listening to people like in the big three just chilling around. They be like man, motherfucker be talking. They ain't never even stepped in between the lines. They don't know what's going on. And to see like other people who've been there like a Shannon Sharp take over 'cause he been there, he know what the experience, he been there. He been with the groupies he been with here, he been there, he been there. So people kind of respect that a little more and he give a real a real perspective on it. I think it's gonna be more like that. Like I wouldn't be surprised if we see KG and damn near Paul Pierce damn near take over FS one crazy. But I wouldn't be surprised Or like Matt Barnes sta Jack and them take that over.


Yeah that'd be, I will. I wouldn't be surprised but like, like if I was them I would probably have 'cause they already got McCoy in them. He already on, I don't know what they show is called. He's over there for Sean. Yeah but he over there. I wouldn't be surprised if they had him and like Stat Jack and Matt Barnes doing football, basketball and like Keyshawn and all that. It'd be a nice little blend. They could throw Teague on there too. I wouldn't be mad. Shit I fuck with y'all get the F1 you, you gonna be, you talking about that that fly to Portland boy you gonna be flying to LA shit better in Portland for sure. Yeah but nah I I think that like you said, that's a really valid point. One thing that people need to keep in mind too and there's something I know me and you both keep, we can have our opinions of how we feel about stuff but there's at no point I can go and tell t hey bro that's not like that because you live that life.


Yeah I'm only seeing for what I see and may know who I talk to. You can't go against what a motherfucker live. That's crazy when people get too power hungry or for they bigger than the game because your opinion does matter sometimes. Oh yeah. You can say some shit that a player can't say or do and they can't do shit about it but you can get on TV and talk shit about it. Yeah you still not bigger than the game. You still not bigger than the moment so people need to keep themselves in check when they come to that shit. But I can most definitely see them going like we said the podcast wave is so crazy but like you said the direct consumer shit kg stories like he had on our show Crazy bro. Who wouldn't wanna see that for an hour every day? Yeah for sure. And people like got got it going. All you gotta do is kind of plug and play. Yeah facts don't take my idea y'all. Oh if y'all do y'all need to make sure we part of that.


Oh don't you worry eight they need to hire Vernon man. Ah get some relief on that motherfucker. FS one will no longer be in business by the two minute block. He will set the record of motherfuckers shout out to Mad Max. Man shout out to Mad Max one of my favorite episodes if you ain't peeped it to the patriarch. That's what TV is turning into though. I believe is us. For real. Now you know what somebody said to me man that was really interesting and it was Draymond. He was like y'all need to keep doing y'all podcast but what Kevin Hart and them do like on espn. Yeah when they be doing, he was like, like y'all need to do that 'cause you really played. And he was like you can really give an analogy of the game or whatever.


And I'm like that's cool, that's dope. That will be fire with us. And I told him that overtime want us to do it before. Yeah And I was like we should have did it. And I was like but I always want us to be us And they was like, he was like you ain't never listened to Kevin Hart now bro they be clowning. And I was like nah we clown clown for real. I was nah Kevin Hart's still corporate though. Nah but spanking them be now listen off the chain bro. For real. Well hey book have an off mic conversation but me and Mike definitely have a a we had a man Acast idea that we'll bookmark this, just leave it at that. Alright well book us ESPN 'cause listen I got some shit to say I'm funny.


I can say some shit if y'all really want me to. I I want to talk that talk for real, for real. And I'll tell every, I will say it ain't too much shit. I won't say well they know pretty much. I was funny, somebody wrote me a real message about ta. I don't know what I said about Theas. Nah you showed nah I'm gonna give you this bro. How you highlighted him on Draymond Shit bro that was, that's what it was. How you, you ain't watching really. I know it's true but I'm saying even if it wasn't bro, how you told that about him is like it I'm important bro. Nah for sure. I'm just saying though like motherfucker really took that ass like nah damn that was something you gotta really think about like and nigga really need his brother and you was right there to see it.


Like the Oh no that's a the difference in the player, you know what I mean? Nah. So I know he appreciated that for sure. Yeah motherfucker wrote me, he was just like really appreciate you giving light to ta And I was like what the fuck is he talking about because I swear to God I did not know And I was like you know how you don't respond I don't respond to shit. So I'm just like what the fuck is this nigga talking about? And then I haven't watched Draymond, I haven't watched the show yet so I'm gonna watch it when I do. I remember talking about it though on Dre Mond but I never watched it But I was wondering why he said you was just talking about how he needed his brother bro, how that impacted his play and when he came back it kind of shifted. Oh that's fact. That's a fact though. And what's, I mean like obviously with you but like what's so dope even watching the interview with when Draymond like the insight that y'all have on what's going on and people who are honest about what's happening and don't have to capitalize on a moment to catapult themselves, make this shit so different.


'cause y conversation even and him talking about like the Clippers front runner and shit. Yeah, yeah that shit was fired to hear that from him and he'd just be like, I felt this way about X, Y, and Z but this is what x, YZ was on. From a fan's perspective we get a totally different insight from that and I think that's where they're kind of going away from quote unquote analysts. 'cause you can't get that type of in-depth conversation about stuff. Nah, facts. Right. And I ain't never seen nothing wrong with keeping it real like shit I, you know, people ask me all the time like how you talk about yourself like you never hooped or you wasn't good. I'll just be real like this shit was all a blessing. This shit was all fun. This shit was never planned. I didn't plan this. Yeah. He like, we talk about it nigga, I didn't expect this to happen but I just keep it real like nigga when I went into games I was fans of people.


Yeah. Like I went to the game, I'm like Kg, that's Kevin Garnett. Oh my goodness, I'm about to play Kevin Garnett. Right. And I will watch everything that everybody did. Like I'm, I went to the game one time, we played in Boston and I went to a game and Ray Allen was shooting at, I had to go shoot early, Ray Allen was shooting at like three o'clock and I just sat there. I was like, fuck it, I ain't playing, I'm just gonna watch him. And I watched him shoot all type of crazy shots like falling on the ground, getting up shooting. I'm like damn this how good. Like he that good. Yeah. They turned the lights off in the middle like you know how they do like I, I y'all might not know but like the dance team, the girls, they be practicing they routine and they, they hit the lights At this moment he still was shooting like most people like when they hit the lights people will stop and be like, let the team do that shit.


He was still shooting. I'm like yeah that's why he cold. You know what I mean? They different. And I used to just look at all that shit. That's why I got all these stories. 'cause I just used to watch people. And what's crazy is then you see him hit a shot, like he hit, you know what I'm saying? To keep the heat alive they serious, alive. And this is like, he's so great because he's practiced and been in this situation. Ah, for sure. Every time he, he fucking warms up. You can't mimic that shit. Sure. That shit just don't happen on the fly. Nah, that's for sure. He played 13 years in the league bro. Like everything went peachy and cream. My nigga was, nah, I been down, I was in some fucked up shit. Yeah but you know like, like we speaking up, people warming up. You know who the worst person I ever seen warm up? Who? Josh Smith.


I love Josh that you talked about that though. I love smooth bro. He used to go out there and shoot like one shot to the point after he just stopped warming up like but he was so good. Yeah. He was one of the most dynamic players I ever played with and I couldn't believe like he gave no fucks about like the other shit. Like I, I, I didn't see him in the summer when he worked out so I'm never gonna say he ain't work out or put didn't work. Yeah but he was so good like he was the so dynamic defensively like get to the basket dunk on you. He was a hell of a passer bro. Hat his IQ was so high like to be outta straight outta high school.


His basketball IQ was like off the charts bro. Fuck. Like he knew everything like nigga you need to do this And he, he was so good. I don't know if his give a fuck about the game was a lot but like his talent, his IQ and his ability to do shit was unbelievable bro. And it's crazy obviously with his his best punter beer and do makes a whole lot of sense to Yeah bro was IQ was, I just think he got caught up in a like he was kind of before his time 'cause he used to be like you gotta shoot threes. You know when he used to shoot 'em everybody would be like nah nigga Detroit used to be like no in Atlanta. In Atlanta in Atlanta used to when he shot a jumper like no when I was coming to the games the guy was like man hit that bitch bullshit.


He be like fuck y'all. I used to be like yeah y fuck him nigga hit another one. But like I shoot that again my nigga fired that bitch nigga lefty. Yeah but he was so like the the that's why I know he really a good a a U coach 'cause if motherfucker really know the game. Yeah but he used to say bro the game is changing and you gotta be able to shoot the three. And he was like I don't give fuck what they talking about. I'm, I'm gonna shoot the three. And he just little bit of before it's time like if he was a, you know he, you know knees go out a little bit, whatever it is. But that motherfucker one of the smartest players I ever played with. I ain't gonna lie for sure. And somebody like him whose talent probably superseded a lot of different stuff.


The politics of basketball he had to deal with from high school. Like him dealing with that before he even got to the pros probably like you said could make you not give a fuck because you see so many players who do everything that's asked of them and they get put in fucked up situations. It's just like alright I done listen to y'all and ain't shit gone my way. I'm gonna live on my terms and see how this shit go. But even when he was on the show, he talked about it. I still remember that's one of my favorite interviews. He was like when he was in high school. Yeah he was trying to do shit. Coach was, you know, fuck with you like man sit down. I'm like bro I'm cold nigga let me work on my game. Let me fuck up during the game. Nah he was, he definitely was one of the smartest and coolest basketball minds I've been around. I don't even know nobody who played like him though right now. That's a crazy man bro.


He blocked shots so fucking good bro. He was different bro. I ain't gonna lie. He was really good man. He was one of the best motherfuckers I seen on the break. Oh for sure. Oh no he's dunking that bitch like that was one of the most, throw that dynamic niggas on the break you could throw the live I used thought I was a fucking terrible live passer for real. Horrible at lo. Like I could throw 'em but like you know how Ronda though CP and them, they just, yeah that shit on Target you boom, my shit be a little low he gotta go down boom. Like, but he you could throw it anywhere. He'll go get it on the break for sure. He go get it Like he was so cool to play with but he was so like you would hate to play with him but you love playing with him like, like fuck man you talk so much shit but damn nigga go pass nigga fuck you nigga go pass.


That's how me him was like I hate yo Chad nigga we good pass ho ass nigga. He'd be like throw the lob I throw. He like, nigga I go get that shit. You stupid as fuck. I be like Joe said he need to ball me You fuck you nigga. That's what's so funny about you, you was caught between three players who really wanted the ball at all top. Yeah I remember. So Jamal, I love Jamal. Jamal one of my favorite people in the world but Jamal was like, we just, we just talking now we're having a good time. Yeah but like Jamal, Joe and Josh, Al never asked for the ball but I knew when I wanted to assist I'm gonna go to Al 'cause he never missed. So like, and Marvin was my guy so I knew like Marvin, you my man when I'm in the game with you, you get in the ball.


Joe was the og, he gonna get the ball in the fourth quarter, he gonna be the point guard. I'm gonna go to the corner. Smooth was like if I seen Smooth on a break, I throw it up to him, blah blah blah blah. I ain't passing smooth for no jumper. Like I ain't get no assist. Fuck that. Yeah but Smooth was so smart that nigga would always stand next to you 'cause he knew his man would help. Oh so you had to pa he'd be wide open and you had to pass it to him. He'd be like nigga be wide open. Yeah he might make it here or there, whatever. But Jamal was the type he'd be your friend like yeah t my nigga on off the court. It then make you be like, Hey I got you Molly Ma, when we get in the game nigga I got you, I got you.


And then he'd get the ball, he'd be opening that corner. He'd be like, Molly, Molly, Molly. That nigga shoot over two niggas. He hit that bitch though. I got you on the next one. I love boy he, he was the coolest teammate but boy he, he wanted to score. That's what he did. Boy you be wide open that. Who was the biggest gun? Do you ever play with Biggest Gun? I ain't never really, I mean a gun. We ain't gotta call him a gun but a motherfucker who you knew getting, I mean shit. Joe was getting fjs up putting it up. Who wanted to score? Yeah, we'll say that for better term. Wig was the only person I know who wanted to score more than like anything else.


Like Jamal wanted to score. Jamal was a scorer but Jamal was a, he was a hooper. Yeah. Like if you open he, he, he, if you think you can make it, he'll pass it to you. So if he trust you, he'll fuck with you. Yeah Metro you can make it. He'd be like fuck it, I I got a better chance to make it like when I was my rookie year. Yeah. He ain't believe I could make it so he hmm. Fuck it like TI got you on the next one. Yeah but my second year he trusts me a little more. He passed it to me. Wig just wanted to score. He wasn't a bad teammate but like fuck us. Si I, I'm trying to get a bucket nigga fine me. That makes sense. Yeah. No matter what he was score, Andrew Wigs was getting averaging 20 that year no matter what regardless of what's happening.


Andrew Wigs was getting 20. Yeah and I ain't gonna say he was a gun 'cause he ain't take bad shots but like he ain't give a fuck about no assists or shit like that. He was trying to score that bitch. We did get to it no matter what. Andrew Wicks is getting 20 a game. One of my favorite guys though, he was the coolest teammate but he just didn't give a fuck about no assists at all. You know what's funny, I was at time I got on Twitter and it was talking about Rico hooping. He was just like, she's like the female Jamal Crawford. And I was like that's a very valid like I bucket nobody. I was like that's a very, she aggressive. Yeah Jamal cold. It was so cold bro. The shit he used to do in practice bro. I'd be like god damn bro. How do you get this good at basketball? Him and like Kyrie but shit he used to shoot.


You'll be like, what the fuck? Who do you think has a better handle though? Kyrie's shit is better. 'cause it's like, like he got the counter after the counter after counter and he don't lose that bitch. Like Jamal's shit was more, I'll cross you up. I might lose that bitch when I lose it. I, I can get back into a crossover. Like it don't matter. Yeah. Like Kyrie rarely lose the ball. Like Yeah and then Kyrie could finish. Jamal was a good finisher but he was more of a shooter like jump shot. Oh yeah, for sure. Kyrie would cross you up, blah blah blah. Get there and finish at the rim. Jamal, he could make shots but he was, he wasn't a finish like that.


The rim. Nah. Yeah I just, and Kyrie to me for sure I give him the number one. I just think Jamal was like, he tried more. He looked like a legit how we grew up watching Sauce and Ao Ali Mo like he looked like one of them. He was one of them like Kyrie didn't really don't look like one of them. He's just so good at making that. His one two was so crazy like Kamal, I mean now Kyrie mixed motherfuckers up for sure. But I feel like Jamal was coming down damn near backwards in the NBA. Not really but every, every time, every time Jamal got the ball it was damn near a move.


Yeah I'm, he can ca like Jamal is a unbelievable scorer man. Legend. He was cold. Like he one of the cold players I ever seen. He probably and my teammates he's definitely top five like offensive players I ever played with. Like it is nothing he can't do on a court. Yeah. But every time he got the ball it was a mix tape like I'm saying on screen he doing a behind the back, behind the back like alright he's getting to crossover it. It is a mix tape every time you get the ball. I ain't gonna lie. Every time he get the ball in Atlanta, everybody stood up. I swear to God. That what I'm saying bro. But it's the same with Kyrie but Kyrie is he gonna bring it up. Kyrie put you in that fucking blender, don't ever get it fucked up. But you ain't really, if he don't do a highlight type shit, it's still a, it is just a great move.


Kyrie is like nigga it can look, I can do a basic move and it still look good. Yeah. He's like what you try to teach the kids how to hoop? Like but the ball is damn like nigga you better make it. Yeah, that's, that's a fact. It's a fact. Jabal is, you better make it but you get so much trust in him and that's why him being one of the best six I ever make so much sense because coach is just like I know that you would disrupt my entire offense but you so fucking good that you deserve your shot. Hey bro, second unit. Hey do your shot bro. He was that good bro. And I couldn't, when I first watched him play like you know me, I was a arrogant little fucking cocky little young dude and he came to the team and he was kind of chilling and preseason like we was doing workouts and shit.


Yeah. And, we was hooping five on five. I'm like nigga I'm nicer than this nigga man. He just shoot a lot like, you know what I mean? I'm like man I'm faster. I get where I want to get. And then he finally played serious one game. I was like oh that nigga don't miss. Okay, that's the difference. He don't miss too many shots I'm missing. He don't really miss your clip. Won't like you. Yeah. I'm like he don't miss, that's what it is. All right. And he's six five. Okay. No wonder he playing over me. I think that's the difference that people don't really put with bro. He drs like that at six five. Yeah that's different bro. Because Kyrie's doing this at maybe six foot, barely six one to be ER six, six to dribble like that bro is different bro.


He's definitely one of the best people to ever dribble basketball. He one of the the best players to ever play basketball bro. I don't know why he ain't in the hall of Fame yet. A real hooper. I don't know why not. I mean he got the six man a year that should be named after him. It's not whatever. It's cool him and Lou will whatever, but he should definitely be in the hall of Fame. He's one of my favorite teammates. One of the pick one of my favorite people to watch play. For sure man. Like that's what I be talking about. Like I ain't gonna speak on bro bro name but when I be talking about people I like to watch Hoop. Yeah. Like you watch, you like watching Jamal Crawford hoop. For sure. If you don't you just don't like basketball. For real. For sure. And what's dope about him is you can tell how brilliant he is now that he's commentating games. Like if you haven't been paying attention to him doing the, the TT shits been fired. But him actually being doing the games, it makes it even more better to hear the commentary from him man.


Yeah. So shout out to him. I also see him working with Victor and bna and if that nigga started dribbling like him then that's absolutely cheating bro. Yeah shout out to his song because his song called too and I remember little JJ when he was little. I was like damn, see him growing up. He probably down there six three now or some shit like that. It's like damn. I know he gonna be cold so sure shout out to the lineage. I know him. You don't fuck with the game too much until you been on it with me. The A CIA going crazy right now. Yeah I just beat my nigga Lou ass today. Paul. I I got him together 36 point win. It was like damn. Yeah it was like looked like, like the enemy versus the three oh oh what they play blitz today?


I looked at, I looked at the little teaser, they said the enemies destroy the Teague brothers. I said wait I fuck with. I said wait, that's crazy. And then I looked at 18, he was like why the fuck y'all put that? Yeah that's bullshit nigga y'all shoulda put the circumstances under there. Nah they ain't the, I like the circumstances nigga. I said Brisco probably like where no fucking highlights at this week he, if I ain't pull my motherfucker growing nigga I would've had some highlights. Motherfucker I was ready to go shout to my boy Jordan. He told, matter of fact I, I told him that he gonna be an analyst for our morning show for the NBA. Cool say with a do. So you we got Shell for the college. Yeah Jordan for the NBA we just looking for a football analyst for our morning show so yeah.


Okay, cool, cool, cool. We working? Yeah, five 20 in the morning coming real, they need to drop a March Madness man. I fuck with the NCA football but I ain't tapped into the games like that. But if they come out with a March Madness, I Hey bro, hop back on. I don't be mad with that. I've been locked in bro. I'm out here getting five star recruits, you know what I'm saying? Can you make a school on there? I just been playing play now. Didn't play well. Y'all find that? Lemme know I might purchase it then. Nah, that's what I did. Alright bro. I'm, I'm out here recruiting like a motherfucker. It's, it's a, it is a shady game out here. I've been real stressed out, you know what I'm saying? In one of my leagues niggas out here cheating. I'm, I'm expose y'all real soon man. Niggas is flipping five star recruits to go to fucking Ball state bro. It's nasty work. There's no way you gonna That's hard though bro. You're cheating bro. It ain't enough money at Ball State.


You get a five star recruit keeping a B ain't up. Papa Johns in the world to get niggas Go school. No y'all, y'all outta pocket. Y'all know when y'all used to play them games bro? We used to take the weakest school. Yeah. To put the best players on there. Used to Carolina every time I had the code jersey. Yeah I was a, I was a Alabama a and m, I kept it black. Kevin Black. Never all your father drop out. Pregnancy. Pregnancy. P y'all facilities ass March mad. Oh four. The Ho used to shake their ass Alabama a and l at the halftime. So I had the band play the real battle of the bands. I ain't know that one went to Florida.


Motherfucker was called a t it Square Ass Body. I said damn Hey there were like a square bill bitch but this cheerleader on this game get this motherfucker sport. I would've went to North Carolina a t. Damn what ver say Hank some wood. This nigga did say some wood shout out to man. Bad Max bro. He earned his nickname for sure. What's the hardest part about the game though? Getting recruits? I'm talking about playing though. Like when you're playing on NCA, what's the like damn trying to stop the run. Oh the run is unbelievable. You cannot, you cannot stop the run on that game. For real bro. Niggas are magical bro. Every person is fucking Ricky Waters when they get the ball.


It's crazy. Ricky Water nigga. I was like Barry Sanders nigga all you gotta do is hit a juke nigga. Everybody bro that spin move of that game is so lethal bro. If you get two yards from somebody, it is over bro. It over it's crazy. And your tackling angles gotta be perfect. Yeah bro. But if you don't got the perfect angle to tackle where you about miss a tackle or something. So do you have to get on the player or can you fuck with your computer? Yeah, yeah they might run past the computer. Get your ass whooped on the computer. You do computer tackling. Oh Highman, you're still getting you. And listen, I, I've kind of got good with the user picking shit but that shit took me like about 10 games like oh I actually have to like time this crazy. Oh okay. I got, I picked pause, I was got some interceptions against Lou today but that was the first time in a minute.


Nigga playing my nephew. Fuck him. I ain't gonna fuck him. I ain't getting you no more love on shit. That nigga beat my ass. Fuck him. We're mad coming. That's what I really play. I know niggas on there. I don't know the college niggas. I know mad niggas who do. Who was y'all rocking with? Who y'all team. If I'm playing at play now, I'll typically go get USC. If I'm trying to wild out I'll get Colorado. I'll beat Colorado ass. Ain't shit on there. Colorado's no Colorado's defense is disgusting. Not not the coldest nigga on the game is a receiver from South Carolina. Jamar played with this nigga. This nigga's unbeliev. He like 99 everything. You got Travis Hunter fucked up. No no, no. I swear to God he better than Travis Hunter. The game if you look him up he the most op like he OD on that game receiver from South Carolina.


He receiver from South Carolina. Nigga he like a glitch bro. He like a a track and field athlete. Damn. He like he damn near could have been an Olympian. I got Pete Travis though. He's silly on bro. Travis Hunter is a god on that game. But he not better than nigga saying number 10. Who South Carolina? No, Travis hundred number 10. Yeah. Whoever the niggas rating wise. Yeah, whoever the dude from South Carolina is he the best. Like a nigga on TikTok talked about it. Jamar picked him. Oh. And I seen it and I, I was like Jamar, why are you picking up weak ass? You know Jamar a TikTok nigga. So I'm like why you picking Nick sad ass South Carolina niggas? And he like nah I just wanted to try 'em out. I was like bitch I see I seen the TikTok too ho and that nigga was cold bro.


He wanna reverse with the nigga. It's no way. Like he was too fast bro. He could catch everything. He had like a 50 inch vertical. He was stupid on the game bro. And the look and the like the customization to the stadium. It shit be crazy. Like it's people who play with Penn State, which is really weird by the way. The stuff they be doing during the game bro. It is crazy like it's a far ass game for them to come back for that long. With this game, I'm, I'm definitely happy with like I don't know what more niggas wanted from a game. It is, it is what we got bro. I can't be mad at it. I ain't mad. So the game play is tight. Y'all fuck with the game play? It's like 2020 Madden. Mm It could be better but I mean it's cool. It's cool. Like it ain't nothing too. Yeah But yeah bro you can't stop and run. It's crazy. Nah, it's like 22. I heard that the game cost so much money like a week before.


No I say themselves was so crazy the week before all if niggas would've waited an extra seven days they would've, niggas was thirsty. So it came out Monday. Right. For the early and shout out Toledo. 'cause Lido dropped the, he dropped the tape that was supposed to go with the actual game but they did early purchase on Monday. So you paid a hundred for the deluxe edition. That's what people mostly buy anyway be realistically if you mind a new game you paying for Deluxe edition. Okay. Or you could have waited till Friday and paid the 65 70. Oh okay. Store the $30 difference. That ain't I bought the Madden. The bundle. Yeah the bundle. Yeah. Is it perks with buying a or we just got it early like the J's something like that. J's something like that. Not, not enough to make a difference. Like two Ks sometimes they be having the the VC and shit but you gonna buy this shit anyway.


But, but nigga, nigga if you five days late, nigga you sad this nigga's already, if you got a creative player they already 99 bro. My homeboy hit me Wednesday night. He said bro I've been locked in, I'm already in my second year in my campaign. I said God damn my nigga y don't work nigga. My nigga told me he a junior in college already. He said out bro. Oh I'm, I'm in a port, I'm in a portal right now too. I can't wait to get back home. I'm in a portal bro. He a junior already bro. That nigga at Everest did y'all see the commercial from Everest? And dude didn't even go there Look like Swift. I thought was Swift for the longest bro. They broke down to make it to that commercial bro. It was just, he was just in a random man's parking lot. They just shot it. Bro. That's fire. One of the best market campaigns of all time.


The the guy's name is Nick Harbor. That's the wide receiver name for south from South Carolina. Nick Harbor. They say, they say he the best on the game. He the fastest on the game bro. Retarded bro. Let me retarded. All right cool. Next time somebody show South Carolina, nah nigga. Yeah got I'm getting Georgia. We'll do that. And Roderick Pleasant also got 90, that's only two people with 99 speed. He played for Oregon. Okay, Oregon is what number? What number is he? Yeah, corner Oregon is crazy. Fuck on defense. Oregon is crazy on that game. So I was gonna say another cheating ass team on there. Yeah, Oregon is crazy. I caught some dubs for working. I ain't gonna, yeah getting getting Georgia is like playing with the big three LeBron team in Miami. You cheating bro. You bite scoring Utah running back got a 98 mm that my nephew beat my ass with Utah.


Fuck him. He knew that. I knew you knew some shit. It's hella wide receivers with 98 so damn Oklahoma, Baylor, Arkansas, Kentucky, LSU Pit not bunch. So that's the game of the year. Nah, I know about it is a lot of time. I ain't say it was game of the year GTA come out when? 2025. God damn. Yep. Game of the year. It's been, wait you know what the last GTA came out we live together. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nasty work B Game of the year. I don't know if GTA come out 'cause this 2025 NCAA right. Yeah. So that mean GTA come out 2025. It might be the game of the year. It should be it. It is taking 'em eight years to make it.


So I'm anticipating greatness for sure. But hey man we about to get up out here. Be here and tell the people they can grab some merch at shop club five twenty.com Baby shout out to Hennessy as well. We appreciate y'all shout out to the family. We ain't been talking about Vegas did we? Yeah we did. We started enough. What we say about Vegas while we was in Vegas, I had a lot of Vegas shows. They watch Patreon, they be in Vegas. But we ain't talking about like, like the Dres pool party. Let's talk. We here, this could be edited. Yeah, go for it guys. Y'all remember how my nigga was looking at Dre? Yeah I she's heavenly you know how you had to player icon lock NCA?


Yeah because I was, I listen he was lying Taylor he like no no right there I said was right. I didn't, I said dig. I said my dig it. She got a dig bro. He was back there somewhere too. Yeah like chill bro. Nah, Mike didn't care. T Mike was, he was locked in bro. Mike, he was a, he was a different bull. I went to that nigga said my wife was okay that yeah I thought Sierra was like I oh my god because he had that conversation with me. Yeah he said my wife will. Okay that I you gotta to the punch chill Mike.


He said how fast you said this is cool right? Yeah niggas is crazy. We extended the show for that. I just thought it was funny bro. I was like, and my nigga bought some Lulu Lemon paste to get in the club. Thirsty nigga. Wait, wait a second. Hey was I didn't wanna fucking go to ct? Hey she was hating on him. That was crazy. That security guard there was. Hey he said so if I walk up here they let me in is cool. She said no. I said my phone I was rolling away. He said that So you snitching. I went in tears bro. She's like nah I'm a radio I'm and tell him nothing. Not just let you in y'all TPA and Miss Lil Wayne.


Y'all outta pocket. Yeah, TPA was cool though boy We hey that Lil Wayne with the Henny family was a hell of a time. We party with our agent homeboys. It was straight. Shout out to the agent. Homeboys took over they section Salute Love. Yeah from New York. Ah, ain't get your names out to you got that. That was a, that dreads pool party. That was my first one. I like that vibe. Yeah. Shout out to two chains. Yeah Chain. Let's talk about when it started raining. How I seen bodies leave and the weaves was still on the ground. Niggas boy y'all don't like no Rain boy. Nah hell no. Boy that wig got wet. I ain't never seen people run that fast. Boy. That party was clear. I seen nigga leave they hole but long motherfucker ran. If it's fall said my nigga, the rain can't be that bad nigga you just got out the pool nigga you already pulled.


You already wet bro. Like why are you running bro? Nigga you got dreads all Yeah, I was confused why everybody was running. I'm like is it motherfucker shooting or something? Yeah I'm the fuck y'all are scattering. I'm like nigga y'all was just in the pool. I would've just stayed in the pool bro. Yeah, I'm like is it lightning? I'm looking up bro. Yeah, the DJ was still playing. He was out of pocket. Not he outta pocket. He learned his lesson though. Computer computers and they hopped on an ox real quick. That nigga ran up there and get that computer motherfucker that motherfucker get get get get get get get get get low. I was like god damn get up there. Whoa man. Shout to black people at pool parties man that shit was funny as fuck.


I've never seen niggas run that fast. And we just sitting down on the couch just looking at them like I said what are we doing? What but where y'all going? It just rain. Y'all already swimming. Everything changed in the drop of a second. Nigga was like no it just ran for cover hours. Y'all been swimming for hours. But it was so crazy bro. We was out there bro and I was not hot. It wasn't all that set up that got near as immaculate. Nigga. Every time we got out of a car, every time we walked out a building prior to that day, instant death niggas was hot. For real. That was the only place it wasn't hot. Yep because outside of that it was still hot. It was so cold when we recorded with KG that it just happened to cool the entire building 'cause it was so cold bro. I bought a hoodie bro. Nigga was like where'd Jeff at? He came back with a hoodie.


I said damn. Where did you go nigga? I went to the shop upstairs and bought a Oakland Raider city. Oh okay. I said it is way too. I bro I can't perform under these circumstances bro. It had to be like 20 degrees. It was cold. It was cold as shit bro. It was cold. That was a smooth transition though from the interview to the club though. Yeah, I just know. I said yeah and here comes niggas about to be complaining. We gonna be here for a hour. Yeah, I thought it was gonna hot bitch too. We shut that bitch nigga close it down nigga. I ain't sweat a drop nigga. I was that bitch like it's the best shit we been to. I seen them bringing out them food platters. I said oh nigga ain't going nowhere. What's the shit that was in the tacos? I I don't. Chicken and steak. Nah it was like what's the green shit in there? Oh cilantro.


I ate that shit. Y'all know I ain't never ate that shit. Yeah. Damn. Your fuck with cilantro on the tacos nigga I did that day I smash, I smashed like a six piece of tacos. Them tacos was pressure is Pico that what it's called? No, I ate that shit though. Nah, Pico is right. Pico the guy is like salsa type shit. Yeah, I don't know what it was but P was like you ate that. Oh my God it's the best day of my life. You eating this. Like don't make this at home. Watch every black man eat a taco. This is a great accomplishment. I don't eat, you know, eat my everything plain bro. Nah, them sliders was far hungry. Some of the best friess I've ever had in my life. Yeah. I took about eight sliders home. They took the room. See I told you I wasn't lying last time. It's a new segment of Henny to go.


We have to start document this. Yeah. Heney Heney to go has to be the new bro. It's, it is nasty work because the finesse, the finesse at Lolo's iconic, a nasty work. The finesse at Don's prom was crazy. Nasty work bro. That was that nasty work bro. Nigga took my wife plate. He took something home from Don's too. My wife. He took her plate and his plate. She was like, Brendan, you want this? Yeah, get a weekend chill. They gonna eat it. It's nasty work. Nasty work. I see the nigga take home a plate at gr and I said what we really doing here? So go GR is crazy. And what I was eating the cold at the Draymond episode before we recorded Draymond that day.


That was the Lolo's. Now where did you warm up the lolo's at though? Well I went to the, to the gas station there up the street. The gas station on the strip. The seven 11 hooked me up too. You could have just set it outside for a couple seconds. Oh my mama motherfucker would've cooked for sure. But yeah, everywhere had to go's for sure. Y'all was hating on my lolo's order. You met a great nigga. Just got back to that hotel and was boy it was wicked on the hotel hungry when I walked, decisions were made. That nigga had a smothered chicken plate. Chicken, a fried chicken plate and a fried chicken fried pla. We had platter platter. Nigga ate the fried platter. I shared it with your with your, with your significant other.


Yeah dj. You shared a fried platter but you took the smother fair. I only had two friedy tomatoes. There was eight now niggas just counted now eights, p1 p1, one catfish nugget and it was 22 catfish nuggets. I looked at that motherfucker, I said Woo, put a D in that mother when I said you put the catfish inside the chick. I said it was a lot of catfish nigga. I ain't gonna lie. Take that home too. I respect this. That platter was crazy. Shout that was the best food I had in Vegas.


Throw my mama, bro. That shit was don't eat that shit on DoorDash though. I ain't gonna lie. You can't DoorDash. You gotta go to the restaurant. The DoorDash. Hey crazy. You had a bad experience with that bro. Yeah, that DoorDash waffle was crazy. You get it if you get it brought to the hotel, that ain't it ain't hit. Don't hit the same. I start. Don't eating segments on here though. Hey man, he needs to, but literally you did one today bullshit. Was he saw from Buffalo Wild Wings. That's crazy y'all. Hey check. Hey send it, send it through because y'all on y last leg. He used to bring y'all back. Yeah, they Mike, ready go home. Sierra. Sierra page. I wanted y'all just move on. We should talk about 'em. Yeah, I ain't saying DoorDash is bad.


I'm just saying the food. What's name Javier. Amir give up Arena shoes. Wrap it up. Alright, we outta here. Appreciate y'all. Y'all stupid dude.


Man, listen. Traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staying in the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah. Traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, s and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man, it was perfect. Shout to Airbnb, how you feel about the tea. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I Am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You mix Homesteading with guns in church Koala. You got straightaway He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then There's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.