
This is an iHeart podcast.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


The volume Blending vice's signature dynamic storytelling with the high octane world of sports. Vice sports brings an exciting and diverse range of programming that goes beyond the game. Catch action packed live events and exclusive sports documentaries and profiles. Only on Vice tv


Man. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wells. Same game with me as usual. To my left. We got my dog, Bishop. Be here out the pearl least. How you what? Nasty. What's Up my boy? How you doing? I'm feeling good brother. How you living man? Just chilling man. Just came in off a long day of work, but You know we hit the gym, You know what I mean? Mike missed the gym today. Yeah, Mike, I worked. Mike has been slacking. I've been seeing man, nah, I worked out today. I ain't been seeing him in the Malcolm over here flexing on him. I had practice. I missed the Gym. Yeah, Jeff had practice real shit going on. But Malcolm was already, when I got in there, he was already hitting the motherfucker waist hard. Yeah. Fuck. Fuck you. But yeah, Shout to the, shout to the accountability.


I Love this. Nah, but yeah, it is been a good day, man. I'm ready to pod For sure. Hey, my boy got, You know what I'm saying though? What's happen? His on early in the new one? Yeah. Oh yeah. Shout out to plug, You know what I mean? They, they took care of me, man. Shout to my little Spanish homie, man. Y'all, y'all good with me man. Hey, shout to the gang. Oh, I, I pulled up on your people, man. You know what I'm saying? Your family and Oh, And hold on. Shout out to JD Sports and Speedway. Appreciate you. They stopped me. Mike went in there and grab the shoes for Bow. So, You know, we wanted to show y'all some love too. Appreciate y'all forgetting them for us. Oh yeah. You know what I'm saying? Shout to the JD Sports family man. For sure. Shout out to b Shout to Trey. Yeah. I went to your, your other family man, the Snipes family. They, they, Oh yeah.


I walked to the store and I ain't get no acknowledgement. I said oh, I guess y'all ain't know B here now. Okay. Yeah. It It, it's up with you. I up, I'm, I'm a jds fan anyway. Yeah. I, girl, see I tried to rock with Y but, and now daddy for Like, shout now shout out to freaky trey. You know it's all over the game. Sure. That's our guy. Shout to the film. To my right. My dog, young Nacho, young t Got you. What? Man, I'm chilling bro. I hear them. Them fourteens is solid though. Yeah, I might have to get them. Yeah. Y'all know what I'm waiting for though. Undefeated for. Hey, only shoes on my list, bro. Period. Bro. You know what's crazy? I was, I was wilding. I looked online and I seen it pier for a rack. I said I'm I'm, I'm out of pocket. But it was tempted. Jeff might fucking Consider it. Yeah.


Them the only, them really the only shoes I want bro. And they so fire, they so fire only shoes I really want man. For sure. Undefeated tap me in with my boy.


But while we here, You know what I'm saying? We got another brand that showing some love. We got some gifts for y'all man. It's wonderful that we got gifts on the ISOs. Hold on one second. Hold. Yeah. Yep. Okay With it. Ok. Elite Nacho Cho. Damn. Oh that's so thoughtful. Thank you so much. Damn. So this who KD bit off of These are fire though. These were, I can work out knees for sure. I ain't gonna lie. Hey dog. Shout out to Hoka. Damn, These shit's light as show love. Shout out to the Hoka. I ain't gonna lie. These light as hell to my boy. Mo, we still tape. Hey, that color white fire. Yo. You right blue. Oh you got, I'm talking about the one Mike got, We always switch on to Okay. They gave, well, I, I ain't gonna say what I want to but Them called the cream creamsicles These damn. Yeah. Oh, we got the old lineup. Yeah. Okay. God damn Man. Guess just keep giving. Yeah, this is crazy. Hoka. We love you Man. Shout out to Hoka man. Hold it down. I need or any joint though. I ain't trying to be too specific, but I appreciate y'all blessing the game, You know what I'm saying? So what kind of shoe is Hoka though? What is it made for us man? Man, Hoka is, You know what I'm saying? University, they got the, the running joints, they got the crosstraining, like the trail joints. Okay. You know what I'm saying? You can get your workout in, hit the trail. Okay. Get right in the summer, You know what I'm saying? You need a little bit of cushion. I just wanna treat 'em right. I wanna do the right thing and then, You know what I mean, in the hocus. Ah, yeah, you can, these as far I'm gonna rock these though. Nah, these Here, these, these joints is crazy. These my, these my permanent gym joints, they, they light as hell. Yeah. Five 20 off the court. Yeah. This is what I'm on. I'm a retired white one. I'm mean the black forces with the white laces. I'm a, I'm a HOA elite now. HOA elite turn up copyright. If y'all ain't got it, you heard it here first, don't disrespect it. Ah, for sure man. We appreciate y'all a thousand percent Sure. For sure man. Shout out to the Hoka family holding it down. Be here. You working out in the Black forces. I appreciate you sticking to the brand bro. But yeah, I'm happy we got some switch up for you bro. You just gonna kill your ankles man. Yeah, gym. The gym getting a little, it's getting easier but You know, I mean the workouts are getting a little more intense so I gotta take it a little bit more serious now. For sure.


Man. Listen, I've seen a couple places people talking about, You know what I'm saying? It's that time. The cookouts, the barbecues, the open houses, all that good shit be here. You know what I'm saying? As a resident chef in here, what's, what's important, You know what I'm saying? For that summertime cookout. What, what you need to have that make it official. Always. Always. Okay. Quality paper plates whistle. The outside of Food. Are we starting there? We starting with the u the always go the utensils and unheard of. Yes. Clear plastic wear quality Dixie paper plates, You know what I mean? Red cups. Red solos. Red solos. And we gonna shoot to the menu. Mm.


You know Mike's a a Izzy god so Lizzie's Izzy's for Mike and his family. Make sure it's a broad Whoa. He he got a specific type. He got a type no Ray Schrier Because Broad is crazy. Broad is crazy. You acting like, you acting like, oh buddy that was requesting a punisher. Mike said he want a polish so You know, get the dogs for the, get the regular dogs for the kids. They ain't old enough to eat the polish yet, Yo. They they, that nigga the Punisher because that's crazy. Then you gotta get your quality hamburgers, no frozen patties.


Oh Pat them patties yourself. Okay. I don't like pulls. I don't like my hamburger. Like Mondo burger type. Yeah, but I'm saying BB burgers Just like people get lazy and buy the frozen ones bro. And they don't bust the same. You gotta pat the patty and season it yourself. So how Do you make 'em like, like, like slim? It's like far as like Wendy's burgers, smash burgers. You just now TikTok shop, they got the little smashers that you, but usually though, You know what I mean? You in the kitchen with your granny get the two white pieces of paper that they come on and you smash it yourself as flat as you want. You know what I mean? So definitely no frozen patties, ribs, ribs, chicken, You know what I'm saying?


Sides are important. Most definitely. You know what I mean? I don't know if y'all eat y baked beans with, You know I don't fuck with baked beans but I don't if y'all eat 'em with the meat in it or not. Paul Meat. No, I'm cool. Hamburger Meat. Do not put ground beef in my baked beans. Nah meat. I don't need that. See Some people might feel different. I a Little sugar in mine though. Yeah I definitely need the sugar in. Yeah. Put a little mola in there. Make it make it right. D that's sugar in There. Yeah so we do macaroni. I know y'all probably don't eat devil eggs but devil eggs. I do not. I Don't Quality potato salad. Y Is devil eggs. Nah, nah Fried corn Nigga. That's damn, I'm rolling long as this fucking list. Green beans. God damn. Talk to 'em. Yeah we rolling here. We talk Sometimes occasionally you get freaky. You get a baked spaghetti.


Our Shit stop at baked beans macaroni chips nigga. Well You know, Shout you to your boys and Girls school barbecue. Who the hell? Who the hell they get all the rest of that shit Fried corn and all that. Now you gotta, it's a three side minimum. You know what I'm saying? I even let y'all skit with a potato salad. I don't fuck with it but I know other people enjoy it so I ain't gonna fuck up the party. But You know when you used to come to my house, I used to have chopped chicken. That's chicken quarters cut up. I had them. Yeah I got your ribs. I got your chicken wings and we made macaroni, baked beans, fried corn and we made pastas Every time. Every Time. That's what's up. Come on man.


Five 20 Boost Mobile man we gonna throw a kickback man. I be hit swag so a Boost Mobile. Alright this, this is what we gonna do. I'll legit throw a barbecue at a park here. That's what we gonna try to do because we gotta get Boost Mobile on board. Shout out to our sponsor. Boot mobile. We fuck with y'all 25% whatever we go 25%. 25. Yeah. No I'm saying alright but listen five 20 all we gonna do a five 20 kickback. Yeah. Brought to you by Boost Mobile. We going order up some Boost Mobile phones and we gonna give y'all some $25 contracts. Yeah. Brought to you by the first, for the first three months we For 1515 And it's gonna be brought to you by five 20. We paid the first month of your bill. That's that $25. I'm rolling. Hold on. How many people Unlimited Forever. But you got tap into the Patreon though. We gonna fuck a Patreon first if You know what I'm saying? We hold down Patreon. So if y'all, we get the link to y'all. Y'all pull up to the barbecue. We gonna make sure y'all lock in. You feel me? I love Boost Mobile. Hey what these niggas Kevin. Oh Because listen, I said how many people, he said unlimited people however many people pull up. Yeah that don't mean y'all get a Boost Mobile phone you pull Up. Oh yeah you signed the contract. We got you the first month plan. Okay. Okay. I don't wanna mess up the, The first month. I mean you got to pay the next 11. Okay. But we got you for the game first. You know I mean that that 25 on us, that first one we gonna get you in the dough we got you pull Up to the cookout. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Nationwide 5G no matter where you at in the nation, you good. You Know what we fire? Yeah. If we did the barbecue the same day as the field day. Mm.


What are some important field day events that are a must for field day y Stress out? We Gotta have a, you gotta play kickball. You gotta have Kickball. I I got the food nigga chills. You gotta play kickball. Yes you gotta play. You gotta have a water fight. Thanks. Rolling water fight isn't That's mandatory. Yes. Mandatory water fight. That's balloons. Water guns. So you gotta Do that at the end though. Yeah. Party ends after that. Yeah everybody go home every everybody's shirt. Keep my fault. Keep going. Gimme three more flag football. It is usually a thing or event. It's either baseball, kickball or flag Football. Some sort of race. Some kind of race Sack. Race sack race sack race. Yep. And then that's pretty much it for, I ain't mad at dodge ball.


You might have to sign a wiper. Now some Some type of toss of some sort. Like a what's the, the Cornhole corn hole. A corn hole corn hole would be great. A corn Hole turn a little mini corn hole tournament. I'm, I'm probably the best at corn hole. We just video y'all. We just trying to Yeah I swear to God I think the only sports you'd be me in is basketball Nigga. I've never played you in anything else. Exactly. Talking about you not there a cornhole. Alright so we gonna do it right next. That's fair. So we was talking about You know, getting, You know pro bowlers, DBS to go against Jeff. Do you Think you can guard Jeff on a one-on-one on the field with cleats and stuff on Phil? No. Fuck no. You see how Mike moves? Oh I Ain't gonna lie. He doing 30 miles a day with that man on that bike With that.


Man Wait a second. Nobody's on my bike but me. I didn't say you was trailer. Oh you Got a pillow time? Yeah. Yeah You train with the punisher. If we had alternate camera that would've be crazy. So I'm saying you said you the best athlete in here. What makes you leave? Why can't you guard Jeff? Can he guard you? He can't guard me either. Oh On what? Anything football except basketball. Get the fuck EJ my mic up on the line. Yes bro. No I, if I play football bro, I'm probably gonna elite you. Have Y'all seen us lift weights? We lift the same, he's No fucking liar. He might do more 2 25 But I could Do 2 25. You cannot do 2 25 bro. How Much you wanna Bet you probably could do it one time.


The Say okay nigga I did it, I could do 2 25 15 times. Well I Said I do it. Yeah he way stronger than you. But I I'm saying like you don't don't say Weight like that. You can be Strong. I say weight, I'm gonna keep it real. Alright, I'm just saying. So if you lined up as a receiver, he lined up as a db. He green. Yeah, Getting Three outta. It's a good throw Bro. We going before a summer bro. Let's plan it for August. Come on. Boost Mobile will tap in. We gonna have a call. Let's gonna make it happen Phil Day, me and Mike one Go kick it off The real one. Hey I like the get the drinks in here. Let's go. We Heard say this before.


Oh yeah I tell you. Oh Yeah. What'd you say? Barbie go for it. What'd You say? Nah, I'm saying when Gilley said the same shit To him like Barbie, what's going on? I like seven.


The NBA finals are here fellas. And this is your last chance. So we can play some bets on these games man. DraftKings, You know that's our betting sponsor and the official bet sponsor of the NBA For sure. We ready to tap in man what you got for me That five to get $300 in bonus bets, man $5 gets you $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Yeah, I'm taking with that bet. I'm taking the Oklahoma City thunder smack the Pacers this year. Come on. You know what I'm on. I'm using that bonus bet to put it in for my Indiana Patriots. We going to get this crown just like DraftKings says. And listen, this is special for first time bets on DraftKings. $5 gets you $300 in bonus. Be if your bet wins. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA season. Download DraftKings put in promo code Club five 20. That's again Promo Club five 20 Fellas, y'all laughing at me. But hey, if you bit that $5 and you get $300 back on that bonus bets for sure. Only on DraftKings the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio


Man y'all ever go get a new phone and be like, man this is a good promo and a couple months later surprise, your bill is totally different. But with Boost Mobile Man, it's $25 for everything. It ain't no price hikes. When I say $25 for everything, I mean $25 for everything. And it's forever, forever, ever, forever, ever. Boost Mobile is now a legit nationwide 5G network. They've invested billions of dollars across the country. Listen, visit Boost Mobile dot com or here to your local Boost stores today and tap in on limited talk text and data. $25 a month forever. They ain't switching up. That's $25 forever. Text talk data no matter what. Just $25 5G speeds not available in areas after 30 gigabytes. Customers may experience slower speeds. Customers pay $25 a month as long as they remain active on Boost Mobile's unlimited plan. Tap in Boost Mobile dot Com Man y'all better tap in $25 man. Forever.


What's going on? What we got today? Damn, I ain't seen you in a long time. I know. Somebody asked me if I got fired again. Damn. Damn, Damn. Appreciate it. You are welcome. Barbie a lifetime member period. How your ass and fire your ass. Y'all will Barbie can pull up with the the Barbie mobile shop joint for field day. Field day. Let's do it. I'm ready. Alright. What we drinking today? We're gonna have to call it by the door 'cause I just mixed up some stuff that we had in the back by the door. This is, this is your Second time. This Why niggas get fucking playing. Try it did try it first. Shit, it's good. Stop saying that. Listen It was about a dough. This, this Is, I like It. Never never do a robbery with this nigga. She gonna tell you supposed to be like poor guys today.


I had the P mixed with the guy lying deal. What the the D She Like ah bottle dope. I just do Shit literally bottle dope. Why you think they here? I don't know. Now these hokas gonna be bottle dope. I'm gonna wear these air episodes. Sponsor me Hoka about myself. I'll wear 'em every day. Tell us about myself. The rest of the guys might not wanna wear, they like DJs. Literally the reason why we got dope. I rash ho. But Hoa, if you want me to do my own little chop man, appreciate you game. If you want me to do my own little thing for you guys, I'll, I'll wear 'em. Support. He better DJ because DJ was in the suite He was with Ho ain't that, that's who he was in the suite with. Ain't that song I You gotta be tapped in. What's in here Hoka. I'll wear 'em. I my Instagram account has a lot more followers.


I'm Shit. Yeah. Gimme some pink ones. Yeah, give tap Barbara need some pink joints. Lifetime member right? Yep. Boy you don't have more ingredients in that lifetime. 12 Don't start With me. That's way back then. What we got in this drink? Mango? Pineapple. R. She just threw something in there. Orange, Arizona Tea On tea. That's The Straw. Arizona taste like It's Not no Arizona tea. They fuck y'all. Simply Lemonade. Simply Lemonade. We gonna keep Some of that Taste that aluminum a mile away.


Now Barbie, you were here last week. I wanted to ask you this question. This is absolutely hilarious man. This man went viral on Twitter because he said he went out for a first date with a young lady. You know what I'm saying? They had a nice little restaurant and they had a mechanical bull and he felt the way because she was nothing on him 'cause he got on the bull during the day. I Wanna ask You, if you were out with a nigga and he got on a mechanical bull, what is your response? That's like him just breaking down to the splits. Why are you on the damn bull? Get your ass down. Damn. So that mean wallow out of pocket? Yes. She had his had one hand up. Yeah, wallow got outta pocket As bro. He said he like you break it out to the split. Like why Can I ask you something Please? Are you familiar with the Diddy case? Yes.


Have you heard a nigga called the Punisher pause because What Nigga named the Punisher? Pause. That's a fucker name Though. Type he said I was cracking passing and then he walking around motherfucker with the bankroll slamming it on, On on Punisher. He threw, he threw a little bankroll, threw on the bed, Threw the bank on the bed. And Casie say he like what he said, say Like that's the, that's not worth him talking about he rubbed his cu on his nipples and all that stuff. So Imagine you having an iceo, a nigga walking YI about to ask you, so let's say you, y'all get y'all shit off and man walked in with a bankroll or you gonna stop and be like what the fuck are you doing?


Are you gonna see the ban on Be like All Leonards Do better fucking stop because that is weird. I dunno What gonna say like nigga threw that How many hundreds? We said see if we just being honest. Listen part about it. When Cam asked him he said alright be real my nigga. I was that is crazy to ask that. I said Ke bro Cam is the goat bro. That shit is Phil the best interviewer of this century bro. That that took Cam pass passed my boy man right there.


That is he took over the number one spot for the best interviewer bro. Oh my God. I couldn't imagine Bro. See y'all my nigga. You from Harlem nigga. How was the pussy? You cracking something? He was interviewing the Punisher. Yes. You cracking something and then he walk in and throw money on your bro. You outta pocket Bro. I ain't gonna lie. That color wave right there kind of heat. Yeah, them tough. Yeah. Shout out to the Ho Gang man. Them fire. Yeah right. Yeah We all got those right. Everything was in that box. I just distribute. Yes. Respect. I say I I'm apologize. OK Behead while that color away, but nah, I told you I already wanna endorsement deal. It's all good. Hit me and my DMI respond.


What? Oh Go ahead. I don't nothing. Just been waiting on y'all. What's y'all been doing? Nothing. I wanted to ask you too, since we talking about shit that's out pocket in the bedroom. What's off limits? What a nigga can't do? Oh man. Oh that's a little personal. That's a little tough. Yeah, I'm, I'm off limits. I'm I'm outta that one. She said this, you said personal. She said tough. Let's have, I don't wanna go. Let's have fun. I dunno like any like overly disgustedly shit. No. Like okay. Yeah, I, I don't feces and throw up and shit like that. That's too far. I'm saying that's, that's Too So what up, where you going? Guess that's no I'm Not gonna get to the buy now. Okay. Lemme ask. I love money that much.


No but not that much. It's a little shit. No, not a little. Not a fucking little a a little, a little is cold. I can do pee in the shower other than that. Hold on. Pee in the shower. Where we going Say fine line is outside of the shower for ban. Nah, nah, nah. Hot 20 hot and just making Water. 2020 k. Well what you make these Drinks that ain't gonna be Tastes like you're with. I'm fucking with y That that color of that pig gonna be dark brown.


That nigga needs some Smoke. Oh shit. It's not. Fuck y'all. Nah man we appreciate you master. I'm done coming out here. Y'all can keep talking shit about my dream. I like this drink today Bar. Appreciate it. I ain't gonna lie. I'm gonna just bring y'all Gatorade in a cup. Yeah I'm cool with that. I Know you are shot Gatorade. That could be y'all for viral. Y'all roasting that smoked old fashioned. It's so damn funny. That nigga said it taste like Lowe's. That motherfucker was garbage. We He said a peach backwood.


That mother was we Oh man we're so serious. Hey y'all gonna laugh at this. Shout out to the W but there's been coach reports a player getting upset at the Seattle storm coaching team for excessive use of profanity and as former athletes Jael. Want to ask y'all, how many songs have y'all been cussed out by a coach? Oh sure when I played in high school. Oh Shit. I hope they don't start doing that And it gonna be banned. I mean how is that a real complaint though? We gonna see more about it but that being the lead part. Yeah, but I'm saying there's no way you made it this far and nobody ever said like what? I wonder how far the like, the disrespect is though.


Yeah, I mean you can't cuss, you can't call somebody out their name and you can't like that's just not professional. Like you can't do that in high school. You can't go to nobody and say you are a MF mom. Nah you people are gonna cuss man kids. You play the game you're gonna cuss. But if he like shit damn get back on defense. You guys gotta be fucking better. Like I don't think that's out out of pocket. But if you calling somebody out their name directly, like if you brain somebody that's wild. Yeah you're crazy. You gotta say a motherfucker playing like something. Shit we we're, we're playing like shit right now. Yeah we gotta get better. You can't be like yo, you playing like shit. Like I damn slap my coach. He at some shit. I don't see, I don't think that's that bad though bro.


If you tell a player you playing like shit today I need you to step it up. I think Player also relationship you got with the player. There we go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like some people you can talk to like that y'all might have a relationship where you can cuss and Know your personnel. They relate to that message a little better than some others. Yeah. Yeah. I thought that was very interesting. I said she must have been brighten her talking greasy for you to be like hey my coach while into the league you gotta be going crazy. That's like if my coach don't cuss at me, I don't think he like me. Yeah, yeah. You not passionate. Yeah. My coach would be like, Hey man you gotta do better. I'm like yeah he about to cut me. Could You play for Yukon coach? Yeah Hurley, what was that Too far for you? He would hate me because everything he's saying to me, he can MF me, he can do all that shit.


Yeah. It'll never phase me. Like my face gonna be the same way all the time. Like y'all seen me play basketball before I could dunk the ball. It look like he don't care. Hit a three and I don't care. I could miss every shot. It's gonna look like I don't care. So he probably wouldn't get too much outta me. Oh Okay. Because I know that plays a part too. Yeah. Like kids don't mind coaching but it's like who this one this he go a little too crazy. Nah, I I, my coach was crazy. I just ignored I after a while he started. Oh he was? Yeah my coach was crazy. After a while you just start ignoring people. Like once you figure 'em out, like the first time they do it you like and he on that. Yeah. That ain't how you Recruited me. Yeah but after the fourth time you like right to he gonna play me anyway.


Fuck you talking about. That's how when you like oh well fuck you gonna wild out, you gonna play. Oh you gonna cuss me out? Alright I'll play defense. I just see this shit getting wicked. Just being around Jeff basketball program all these years. Shit. They start cussing in second grade bro. These kids out bro. Oh yeah. Especially during sports bro. Yeah you ref so that ain't you. Oh nigga Different. I Had tell fourth grade team I say hey man, watch y'all mouth. Yeah y'all niggas is 10 bro. Y'all can't be calling people bitches bro. They parents just clapping. Yeah, no nigga stop him from cussing. He's DJJ Talking about the blackout. I not talking about team blackout. Team blackout. But they are wild.


We're they're wild. Talking about people at Team Blackout. I love y'all. The the craziest thing though, like if you go to a basketball game, the only person you ever see wild out are people that never hoop. They kids hoop. But I to the, the moms that never played or the dad who never really hoop, they'd be whiling. Wow. The only person I ever seen Hoop that be Whiling is Marcus out to Mo. Him and Hugh. They the only ones I ever seen be Whiling that that dynamic duo they was coaching together. That that was, that was some, yeah that was, that was dynamic right there. That Was, yeah that was, that was the real Dan Hurley side. Yeah, Twin.


So I mean I I I'll get animated as a coach but it is different as a coach. But watching as a parent is like I could never see myself getting mad. Like I would probably be so if I had a kid who played ball, I'd probably be so removed. I'd probably be standing in, I'd be in like a corner like Yeah because you done did it your whole life. Yeah But I know the pressures it is like when you got somebody that like even when my, my nephew used to play or my niece play or even when Marcus played, you can tell like the pressures that somebody would put on you. Oh yeah. I used to just be like, I ain't got nothing to say but I used to tell my, I used to always say something to my nephew like Bro you lazy as shit. You could have five steals bro you lazy. He was so lazy. Yeah. Well Malcolm didn't give a fuck. Nah he was one of the laziest hoopers I ever seen.


He actually could play too. He beat Mike all the time. That Nigga told Jalen in Northwestern Don't do that. I don't give a fuck. This is my uncle team nigga. That's Far. Rightfully so. This is my team. I be here regardless. Malcolm Was gonna get cut said Nicky you gonna get Cut. This is my uncle team. He was small as shit bro. Shout to nepotism. I love it. It literally was Jeff Teague all stars made for Malcolm. That's fire. Literally only that. No that's a real story though. Only Reason team Teg ever exists for all you kids that played through Team Teague here in Indianapolis and went on to college and did a great thing. Shout to all y'all guys. It was never been a Tim Tegan one for Malcolm. Hey that is hilarious. That's the origin of TT that bro.


Yes. Shout to Malcolm man you legend my you used can see how Bro Malcolm used to walk around Northwest talking shit bro. Yes. Literally bro. Didn't carry miss a jump shot. Fuck up in the drill nigga. This is my uncle team nigga. Yeah what was Your number? About six. Oh did zero two turn off For real. Niggas didn't know that that see That's the only reason we ever made a team team. You and my nigga stopped hooping. I'm like damn we had all these kids over here. We added all these kids. Shout out to Jaylen Black. Who was Team? Jalen, Blackman Luke, Caleb. Caleb first. Yeah, PI Jay. These are all D one players. No facts or the N nba Like great college careers.


Like make career Head NIL Stars. Yeah. Well Luke played IU last year. Jalen was at my, this is their point card. Jayla was at Miami. Jayden went to NC State. Who else was on that team? He said Kayla went to Purdue. Yeah Kayla. That's funny as hell. All them was on that team bro. Because of out fuck 'em out. I tell you what to the league of podcasting facts. Nah, but parents do get out of pocket like going through this a U journey. I'll be like damn, I know these kids be like man if they could they gonna say shut the fuck up because you definitely take your kids' confidence away. Especially 'cause you want them to overachieve and some shit. Especially if you never played like Yeah and some parents don't understand the game. You fucking up your kid so bad because you don't even know that your kid is probably not even playing to his potential 'cause he can't hear 'cause you can't shut the fuck up during the game and you're in his here at home and he's not doing what his coach want him to do.


His coach putting him in a position to succeed. But you trying to make him be an all star and you don't even know how your son really play. Yeah. I used to just hate when when Bob used to just be lazy. I couldn't stand that shit. I done drove goddamn to Detroit nigga. Oh you gonna play hard. I don't give a fuck. If you sad miss shots you gonna play hard. Because the problem with kids too at that early age are like third and fourth grade bro. They be crying man. And once they start crying it seem like one kid cry. Be damn near your best player. Start crying nigga. The whole team The vibes are down. Yeah everybody start crying. Yeah. So that that fucked up the vibes. Like you said boy that travel in the summer for a u. I always respect that you parents boy because y'all be going everywhere. Sure to God real job. I be damn if fuck for a fourth grader.


That was our rule. I used to tell when I coached, when we coached since Sierra now. Yeah. I used to be like Lil Devin and all that. I'm like we ain't going nowhere y'all in fifth grade. What y'all gonna do? You gonna get recruited in fifth grade. Yeah Let's be the best around here. We would go to nationals. Wish That shit was passed down line. But I, I never understood like why we going to play in fourth grade while we going to Baltimore to play against some fourth graders in Baltimore. Yeah it don't matter. Ain't nobody here to grow spur. We don't know who gonna be tall. The biggest thing you need to learn when you little is how to play team ball. How learn how to pass and dribble like shooting your jump shot gonna change because you gonna get stronger so you gonna quit shooting from the side like that.


You going shit gonna get stronger. So I always said you need to learn how to have handles when you little and you need to learn how to pass. That mean like not throwing where a person is throw where they're going. You know see the game a little bit before it happened. That's how my dad used to preach. Like if you can pass and you can dribble, you can be effective in the game. Especially in fourth or fifth grade. Yeah that's a fact. Like other than that You know and make a layup. Yeah It don't mean that. I think a lot of people too just be wanting that. Wanting to play the smoke though that's Cool too. But what's really the smoke? Like you drop all the way to you fly all the way to California, you play a team and got some holdbacks. Y'all fourth grade, they fifth grade they had holdbacks or whatever. They beat y'all by 30. Your kids come home like man we sad as fuck.


I agree. I used to, I never understood that. I used to be like now with super bad 'cause they got YouTube and they looking at the number one ranked fifth grader nation. It is just like bro he might even be the hundred by the time he's in sixth grade bro. Like but he got a clip right now on YouTube short and it's cracking. So now we gonna tap in. I remember all them little kids when I was little. Man what's the dude Brad and them used always talk about him man. He was, he end up, he was from Houston bro. Bryce Griggs. Oh yeah I think that was his name. I remember he ended up gonna OTE. Yeah Bro. They used to talk about this kid so much bro. Yeah. And no shit. No, no smut on his name. I don't know what his journey in basketball was.


Yeah. And like man he the best seventh grader I ever seen. I was like bro I was like he was really good. Yeah. I'm like but Whoopty fucking dude bro. Yeah he 13. I'm like bro I seen kids Marcus whole team in sixth grade was doing reverse dunks in sixth grade. I never seen, I seen Marcus who after they got to ninth grade, 10th grade, I'd never seen none of nobody else on his team bro. Yeah, true. I'm like where where the hell all them dudes that was dunking when they was 11, they ain't who no more. One of 'em was on the block. I'm like look at him. I remember you used to get dunk in sixth grade But a lot of these kids bro got single mama. So they seeing they kid get this notoriety and these coaches just You know, talking to 'em different. He could be this, he could be that. You kind of lose track that they just kids and they got so much more to go.


Like I understand both sides of it. I don't you Right. But I don't Bro from a standpoint who don't because you because You know though bro for my mother who don't know and shit It is obvious though if you keep the main thing, the main thing like everybody know you. If you hear LeBron tell you keep the main thing the main thing nigga You know don't nobody else in the world need to tell you nothing. Like he true. He been there every road. You talking about single mom, all that stuff. If LeBron telling you hey keep basketball the main thing, don't worry about all the other stuff. Like what we talking about. Yeah And even if you like that's LeBron. He's anomaly cool But if you look at every other NBA player, especially like with the one with my guy Brad Beal, that's legendary video.


We have a lot of those players saying hey this is all bullshit now you got people talking about the NIL. Stop selling your high school dreams already for a check and you could fuck it up before you get to college. Take your time, get to college and then worry about that. Like you said keep the main thing. The main thing like going to worry about playing. Like I give you the vibes like shout out to like aj, the Bandon and all them. It's only so many of them. Yep. Like some of y'all are going, this is my biggest thing. You gotta be loved where you from like 'cause your city is always gonna be your backbone. They always gonna have your bet they gonna root for you. Like even when shit go bad or you done hooping whatever, you could always like me, I go back to Pike. I can get a job, I can be a coach, I can start a new career.


But if you go traveling the world, switching school from school and you ain't got no foundation like where you from or somebody really champion you or rooting for you, you just out here. Yep. Like I give an example like Brendan, Jens going to Oak Hill. That's cool. People that went to Oak Hill, that's fire. Whatever. But you see how they talk about it. I'm like you ain't no real LA you ain't play LA basketball. You know what I mean? I was too good for LA and he got a rep Oak Hill. But Oak Hill in Virginia, people don't really, but if you look at DeMar de Rosen when he talk about him in high school. Yeah. He like loved like he went to Compton. You know what I mean? It's like a different vibe. That's true. And I always felt that. But like Eric Gordon, like from our area like Greg Oh and all them going to them schools, they like yeah Everybody stay Love your community bro.


Bro. Everybody. Yeah. Even at the next level in college you get so many kids move around because they in IL but if you ain't got a home in college, they, the league don't work out. You can go back and be a broadcaster at your old school. You can go be a coach. You bouncing school to school. Yeah. The bread is there but the relationships is torn. Every year they cooked bro. Like Robbie Humble can do whatever he want at Purdue for the rest of his life bro. Legend, he got hurt so much. NBA career didn't last long. He could go to Purdue and do whatever he want. Each one more Go Purdue do whatever he want. And it's like that's amazing. That's true. I just, like I said, I see the other side of it. I don't agree with it. But people don't have that common knowledge bro. To But You know you you, we've been around some money before. You know how fast you go to a prep school, they give you $50,000.


You know how fast $50,000 leave your hand? Are You done? You cook. Especially if you ain't never had that type of chicken. What? Yeah. Especially in alarm though. First time I'm paying real taxes is like bro that 50,000 gone you owe. Yeah You 50,000 gone as soon as you pay your rent. Yeah. Car. No Uncle Sam you ain't got shit bro. What? Because you gonna buy a car. Your kid done went out there 50,000 you done sent him somewhere for 50,000. And so I just hate when they, when they don't work out for the kids and you got a parent 12 times harder 'cause now you gotta like retrain his mental health damn near like that's what I be fucked up about. Like go to a prep school, you don't have too much success. Or like they don't realize when you go to a prep school you going to a place where usually it's a bunch of other guys who are good.


Yeah. So yo whatever it is gonna take a hit, you never have the ability to learn to take over games or do something. 'cause somebody always is doing something for you. Like if you got a point guard who's a lead, he gonna make everything happen for you. If you a big man, if you a big man that's a lead and your point guards just a little. Okay. He made it easier for you. So you never learned how to be a guy. Nah. Facts And everything just become easier at a prep school. Y'all might play other talented schools but it's only so many schools you can play. You gonna have to have a schedule. If you got 30 games y'all gonna play some cupcakes. Oh facts. For sure. For sure. Yeah. You look at all them prep schools that, I mean they only playing 10 to 12 cold teams. Probably a couple local teams Other than that they are definitely cupcakes bro.


Come on ball Ham Sach. And I don't even like it too because the kids that ain't as good as the third, fourth best fifth graders in the country that kind of discouraged him because they like man little more cold. This nigga nine bro. Yeah you ain't even realizing you about to be way taller than him, way stronger than him. By the time you're in eighth grade you gonna be looking at him. He green green. You know what I'm saying? So it really that shit they need good people around him to tell him like that's why I love like when all the NBA even niggas that didn't hooping the NBA just college top college niggas just come back and get back to the kids 'cause they need it. The social media wasn't like that when we was growing up bro. Nah, because I think that shit would've been different for us too. Yeah We would've been infected For sure bro.


Oh bro. Sure to God you would've You know Come on bro. We, we fell in love with and one mixtapes and everybody wanna play basketball. I know everybody from Mar just Chap nigga can find my Chopstick from our era that went to the NBA state in school. I don't know if everybody would've stayed in high school back when we was in, You know what I mean? Or went to the league. Niggas might've actually went to a prep school if they got offered some chicken. Ah for sure. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? I don't know though because the the beauty about us because you niggas was, You know you can get paid. Yeah. But the thing that was beauty about us, the competition was so good here. Yeah. Like the competition is good here still.


But here it was like I'm playing a prep school schedule because I play an NBA player every night. Yep. You could just play in the Mickey you were seeing the NBA player. Yeah. Every single weekend. That's a fact. That's a fact Man. Like you wasn't gonna get no better. Like the one thing about it, money ain't going nowhere. If you putting the work and you that good, you going to get some money. Right. That's what my dad used to always say. He'd be like yeah if you Think you that you gonna get some money but if you not that you ain't gonna get no money. Nah for sure. And I used to didn't believe he might as be like because You know I'm trying to get some bridge. He was like it don't happen. You just gotta be that.


See a lot of kids don't receive that though. That was, that worked out for y'all 'cause y'all was like phenomenal athletes but these kids work ethic is trash. But that mean you really ain't that you giving my, you making my prom example like alright they somebody gonna give you some money 'cause you tall or somebody gonna give you some money 'cause you fast right now. But that shit catch up to you if you not really one of them. Oh yeah. Eventually the rubber gonna meet the road and yeah your shit, your dream gonna be shot like it's gonna be over. That's why I hate kids who get all this hype like when they young and then like you got no choice but to go to the league. Right. Like whatever. You have hype since you was in sixth grade. Yeah to your senior year.


You go to Kansas and you do just enough to get to the league but you never really been put through anything and a rubber gotta meet the road and then your NBA journey is two years. Yeah. And then you don't know how to adapt And now you now you gotta live real life. No life skills. You've been babied your whole life ain't got a degree relationship might be shaky then you gotta figure it out overseas if that might not work 'cause you ain't never had to go out the country. Yeah. And you always been catered to. Now you gotta get to it. And now everybody now you gotta start being like me. Talk about what you did, what I used to do, who I used to be. You The real Al Bundy.


Yeah. Like nah I was number one in the world. Like and this is no shade to him. I, I love, I actually glad, I'm not glad it happened to him but like his story makes it easier for me to be a coach. I show everybody Lenny Cook's story. Yeah. Oh yeah. Every time. That was our best example of all time growing up. I show him Lenny Cook every time I I man I I told Isaiah I was like hey watch this. Yeah you need to watch this Lenny Cook documentary man that Humbled the fuck outta Yeah Because he was right there so. And shout out to him and he be writing the page. He wrote me before too. Shout to cook. Nah. Hell yeah. His story is very inspiring and like it wake you up. For real.


Yeah, most definitely. Good talk man. Even like Ken Martin was talking on Gil's podcast like if y'all training all day basketball, you probably fucking suck. Like you have to go play basketball to play basketball. All the things that's glorified in basketball is everything but putting the work in. Yeah. I'm a 5 0 5 nigga anyway over one-on-one. I can give you an example of a kid. Maybe we can get to something else. A kid told me today. Nah he raw. I said where you see him play at? He's like, his highlights are crazy. I said yeah, You know what it's called. I highlight. I was like have you ever checked out his low lights? He was like, what's that? I said yeah. Oh yeah. See that's my example right there. These kids are so green bro. They don't know. So they need people like you to tell like what's Real like in the kids look he said Elliot Cado used to be raw.


I said was he raw? He was like man his mix types was crazy. I was like, it was highlights. Like sure were. I was like did you watch him make UN Unc? He was like I ain't really, he I ain't really do nothing. I said no. And that's no shade to him. 'cause I hope you have a successful Yeah I know he transferred to Michigan. I hope you have a good, a good showing at Michigan. But I was just saying like His shit look like paramount pictures man. God damn high school Nigga. Seventh Woods we thought was a second coming bro. His middle school. I don't, I know this might be a little contradictive. Seventh. Seventh Woods is the greatest seventh, seventh year. What? Seventh grader I've ever seen in my life. Seventh. So I don't care what Jim talking about. I know we just had this good spiel but fuck that when I seen Seventh Woods and fuck Atlanta playing basketball.


I swear to God I knew he was going to league. You couldn't tell me nothing different. He was so I've never seen a seventh grader guard anybody like that bro. Like that nigga had 11 steals bro. In the first half bro. It was Dunk. Dunk. This nigga gotta be 17 bro. No way. It was amazing. Yeah but that, I mean it shows you where that hype kill you though. Yeah. And I'm trying to figure out where, where, where he went to school at. He went to U Unc UC. He went to UC. Yep. I had never seen Did he play? He did. Oh right here and there. But it wasn compared to the hype. Yeah. Yeah that goes to your point though. That's what I Yeah. Yeah. Like that's crazy that he was that good. Yeah Bro. That that, that was Unreal. Seven wood bro. The best big of time bro.


Doing well for sure. That is crazy legend for sure. Hey man, the Phoenix sons man about to mess around to change the NBA next season man. They got the new coach in Jordan ot, You know what I'm saying? They going shout out to my dog man. That Jim Boy. Yeah that's my mans bro. I'm so happy for him. Yeah they they speak very, very highly of him. They said Devvin Booker, You know what I'm saying? Was definitely on that committee and making sure he was a part of that. Yeah. They went through for Devin Booker, he has had eight head coaches since he has been to Phoenix. Damn. Obviously he would be around as a franchise player but they trying, they trying to mix some shit up man. I know we talking about on the morning show possibly kept moving on but they got some great trade scenarios that include him getting to Phoenix and KD going to the Knicks. Man, what's the trade scenario? Let's talk to him man.


They talking about giving up Kat and another player and getting kd. That's crazy. Another pick. Yo look who called me? This is this God, look who it is Jordan. I Oh JO. That's hilarious. He, there's no way we could have planned this by the way. I swear I missed a call. I'm gonna tell him see if he answers. He is a busy man right now. Yeah, I missed this call. He's ecstatic. The fact he hit your line spiral though. It is. He offered you a job, you going No Bro, bro. Probably. Okay. Probably watched the Show. He called me an hour ago. My bad. Oh hey 18. My fault brother. He might even be on a plane so tired.


Shout to J man getting that head coaching job. But yeah man we've seen KD possibly going to the Spurs. There's some interest there. Houston as well. Ooh. Damn. KD to the Spurse. KD to the Spurs is standing. I love that though. Yo. I do too because I, I think the asking prices is gonna be a little bit cheaper. They trying to get it done within the next couple weeks before the draft. Preferably you could get KD for Devon, ELL, Harrison Barnes in that pick. And I don't even think it's a two pick. They were talking about possibly be 14 but hey man, imagine getting KD on that team with Wendy. That would be scary. Do y'all wanna see KD with Wendy or do y'all wanna see KD in New York? Houston I like kd.


I like KD with Wendy over KD with Bronson, KD and Wendy just sounds insane with D. Fox. Fox. I would love to see that. That not my conference so I ain't gotta deal with it. So I'm, I'm all for it. You think they can get, they say they can get KD for the 14th pick. 14th pick. You have to give up. Sell Harrison Barnes now you probably got, I don't know, they might try to get that, that higher pick, which is fine if they do 'cause fuck it, the money's gonna be gone anyway. Right. But then Houston, You know what I'm saying? Houston has a pretty solid pick as well and they talking about giving up Jabari talking about giving up Dylan Brooks and a pick in the pick swap. So if you, if you Phoenix KD might be yo, your best way to go. I don't like, I don't like giving up Dylan Brooks.


You don't like that? Nah, you gotta keep Dylan Brooks you gonna, we gonna push him to the bench? You gonna just have the Mexican three or four? He gonna start. Okay, KD gonna play the four. So he gonna start Van Val? Yeah. Green. Yeah. Dylan Brooks and the Thompson twin guy Start? Yeah, Thompson guy start. Alright. What you gonna do with say gun then say, oh, he started five. Who come off? I don't want, I don't want Katie in Houston. Okay. Hey went somebody come off. I want K Nigga about to get a tech. I want, I want Katie in New York.


Okay. You want Katie with the Knicks? I want Katie in New York Over with Wendy, bro. What? Katie and Wendy would just be fucking ridiculous. And I wanna see, I don't wanna watch San Antonio. No shit. I like, I hate their home. You know? I, yeah, they live, I hate their home hometown. You know I love Dre and Fox, bro. One of my favorite players, they lit, bro. I, I fuck with you Fox forever. But I, I don't wanna watch, I don't wanna watch like I love Weby too. I love kd. That's a crazy trio that's inside. I don't, I the Best trio man. I Don't want see Weby like KD so good. I don't wanna see him have to take like a, a little step back. I wanna see Weby shoot wild ass threes and shit. I Think he can.


Oh He's gonna do that anyway. I mean, it's Wendy, I think, I think it just looks better than him and Giannis. I just wanna see KD in New York. KD deserves to be in New York. Mm. He did it in Brooklyn. He deserves the big life. He did his big shit. The real, the real New York experience. Yeah. He deserves that. Like he should go out like that. The Knicks always get people when they older anyway. So I, he deserves that. Damn. He didn't do Larry Johnson. Nick knew About the New York. I like that team though. Like KD og. Who they gonna give up? Micha you said and Ka mike on Kat Mitchell Robinson, KD og. Josh Hart still There and Josh Hart. I like it. That's a fair team. I like it. That's a tough team.


That is a fair Team. You got a guaranteed bucket in Brunson and KD got the defense Sta with Hart and Mitchell Robinson Lee rebound. That was a Knicks problem though. They just had a bunch of people that did stuff good. Didn't have nobody to do nothing great. Like KD is a guarantee. Like Yes, yes. Jesus Christ. That's a guarantee. Like ain't no way Nihar, no disrespect to them. But you like Nihar or Ne Smith bothering him. I'm gonna get pissed off. How many versions of Nicks you gonna have to be is something that happened? We beat Y ass last year. Y'all gonna get Kat and Mikhail Bridges, then y'all gonna bounce back and get kd, bro. That's not fair bro. I mean it's New York. Yeah, it's New York and you're penalized for living here.


It sucks. Yeah. Hold on. I I I don't like what Joe Button said about Yeah Joe, we still live in Indiana. Yeah. Yeah. Ain chill out game. Oh Yeah, Joe, Joe stole that off TikTok. Oh he did? He didn't mean that. He didn't mean That. Oh he did? Okay. He was, I was about, I was about to go crazy. He still, he's still bitter about that belt to ass situation. I about to talk about his seats Joke. I can't say that our seats was, we was, First of all, I love you YouTube. Well we wasn't in no fucking nose. Please close enough. I had good seats bro. They believe me. When I said y'all was in the 300 level, somebody on Twitter posted it and was just like, damn damn. I said no, I've been sweet. Somebody I should have said was two fifties bro. Somebody took a picture with mouth, You know, record was in the 100,000, 100 Cro it and nigga it is looking like I'm at Mel Daniels jersey like got my head right under it.


Fuck y'all. It was close enough. Shit. Charles y definitely shout to cge. My homeboy posted he was at the game. He was like, yeah bro, I had to pull up to the game. He was up top. I said boy he BetterHelp here. Your feet are perfect. You, I slip away from home court. Are y'all going to the finals game? I'm pissed because I got offered tickets in OKC today, so I can't slide. But I will probably go to game three or game four for sure. And how much do you think a finals ticket go? Comma. Comma. Yeah. What's y'all, what's your guesses? How much y'all think of floor seat goal For the past 10? 10. 10 what? 10 man floor seat? Yeah. No. 20. Yeah, let's see.


Floor seat At the, for Indiana And Oklahoma City. It is the NBA finals. Yeah. I don't think they're that High though. The nosebleeds start at 600. Okay. What'd you think of? Floor seat costs? You gotta be at 10, y'all 20 bands. It's, it's the NBA finals. If it wasn't NBA finals I would be 1000% there with you. Oh y'all, They 29. 29,000. No 9,000. Yeah. Second Raw. Second raw. Joe Gimme Joe Bud, CS Joe Buss. Okay. I told Pat Joe told you bro, you can't be the Joes Bro. That's game one and KC.


Oh. How much you think of Indiana Game three Court side? They probably sold out anyway but damn in the bridge Three acting like we got that. I'm just saying it is 21. Oh wait, wait a second. Wait a second. I wanna hear the other number. 21,000 On the 66,000 on the floor. On the Floor. I told y'all that 20 bed, The cheap ballot. 21. You wanna sit next to media? Between the media and the pictures in the second row. How much was 21? The system we got from four 21,000 a second row. 21002nd row Or one seat. Oh my gosh. Y'all somebody want 259,000. He is smoking crack cocaine. For what? For floor seats? Yeah that's, That's Ticketmaster will not honor that at all.


It dope. I would go buy a new TV for every room in my fucking house before I spend $20,000 on the game ticket and a car. Nigga I will take a private flight to Miami and watch the game at Prime one 12 That the prom Have money tos, spare Pains in brussel sprouts. Hey tap. Matter of fact my boy be here with the sides my nigga Brussel Sprout in. Shout to my dog Miles. Go ahead and clip this up and put on your Instagram. You know he my dog, he always showed me love Ronald too. Yeah, prom was, that's my guy. That's my favorite restaurant of all time. He gave my boy the big table, You know. Yeah. My favorite restaurant all time. Shout to Miles to Mile Live Row four for 31,000. Yeah. I ain't going to that game. Yeah.


I will buy a new car before I do that. Alright Pacers man. Hey shout out to the Timberwolves man. They showed me love. They sending me some packages in the mail 'cause I was representing for the squad. That was random. But I'm back with the Pacer. So Pacers do right by me. Well SiGe don't look like we be pulling up. No SiGe got it. Tapan. We need the vibes. They don't throw us. They Got it. Throw us a watch party. Not for, not for us. Okay. Watch us a watch party. They gonna say a secure water Yo. That's what we should do. Let's have a watch, a live watch party. I'm with it. Well You know DJ going to the game. He Ain't gonna all seven of them. He ain't gonna all seven of them. He Not. I am not. But game four, three and four. So what, where are we having a watch party at for game one?


Mm Game one that motherfuckers tomorrow, which is today. I say we're not drop having a watch party for Game tomorrow. Maybe be game two Sunday. We'll we'll try for the, so we gonna have a game two watch party. Game two. Watch party Sunday at Jeff's house? No. Oh okay. Patreon. This is my old house. Yeah, new house. No you wanna slide To the new five 20. Pay five 20. I wish we had the pool to get one of these little buildings Though. We can Easily, We can Rail space. Are y'all sure we could go to any bar club downtown and say we wanna have a watch party Downtown and I dunno If Can Club. Oh y'all, y'all Wildling on Sunday. The whites bro. They wild. They shut down downtown for free T-shirt giveaways.


Yeah, it was backed up for three Hours. Call J at All Stars right now. I guarantee we can have a watch party all, oh we, we can turn All Stars right now. Shout out to Jay Egyptian. We can have a watch party. Oh Facts. That's a filthy watch party. Do we have TVs? Egyptian's literally my favorite place to go. Shout out To have TVs. Yeah, right there. You don't think we have a watch party Also we gonna be Egyptian like this. Jay Jay would do that for us. That's What I'm saying. Let's go live, let's get our cameras. Have a watch party. Oh y'all like stressing me out. Why not? Anytime we do content, when you Get, Anytime I say let's take these cameras, this motherfucker, it's a whole Issue.


Matt, what you think about streaming? Watch party. The fuck it's lit. I love it. We're Casa not, we Aint gonna buy a bunch tv. We just do it in the studio. Wifi In the studio. Y'all be us. We that Shit like, like We gonna be like, Ooh. I'm telling y'all we do that shit song. That Buffalo gonna be a vibe. Yeah. Culture won't, won't open up for us. I can get it. Ooh. Experience. Experience. Live. That's it. Oh, a rush. A rush live. Can we do That within five days? Party? Can we do that in five days? Be here. Do you have the pool? Mm This how You know we not shit because we're doing this a live, we just been shooting from the hip all day today.


Yeah. Oh. That's all We ever do. And we gonna do all this shit. And if we don't, we lie anyway. I could. You do it. We Putting the pressure on me the spot. For sure. What is, what is the P? What is that Sound gonna be like? Alright. Sounds gonna be awful. Alright. But doesn't matter. Have y'all also heard? Fuck yeah. Have you heard the morning show? So Can heard 85 7 episode. So we can sit up in the VIP area. Oh I, yeah I probably can make that happen. Culture. Y'all have to be serious Though. We ain't gonna my, we'll we'll talk more off camera. Can we? Ain't that your birthday? I'll pay the fee. Nah, my birthday on the 10th. Monday. Oh. It's my birthday on the 10th. And It's your birthday Watch party Sunday. Mm Pacer game two slash culture tea.


Birth party party. Birthday party, live stream. Turn up bottles on tea. It's going to be Turn slash Hendricks. Come on. It's lit. White Reon tap all night tap nigga you. Yeah we gotta block off the area though. You can't go here. We gotta block off a certain area so the cameras won't ever be Yeah we Gotta go have a real show. Y'all gotta sign a release when y'all coming in too 'cause y'all gonna be on the internet. Yeah And we're not paying y'all facts. Five 20 live stream. Five 20 live stream celebrating just birthday party celebrating game. That's game two. Game two. Game two, two Exit party will, I'll be back Sunday If we lose it. Don't talk to me 'cause I'm gonna get mad. Will you be back? I'll Sunday? You have to be back Sunday. I'll be Back Sunday now. I guess. There goes trouble be here.


I be here nervous. Why are you nervous? I ain't little stress but y'all ain't, y'all not in this world of this shit bro. I started this world. I Was the first club from over here. No you wasn't. All my shit was free up. You just threw the parties, you didn't work them. So he's a pastor. We gonna hire people. He's a real DJ G. Hire people Fast. I just made my party spirit Impromptu five 20 day slash oh Shit. Impromptu. You know about smoke. I know. We just put the mics on us. Coach the fuck the bar gonna be free boy that bar gonna go crazy.


This Some fuck live stream. We gotta talk to Uncle Joe though. We got, we can't have none of the music videos while the game is on though. We gonna have to cut off imc. It's gonna be real locked time it be nigga be playing ain't I And motherfucking get your roll on, be on the, get your role on be on the tv. Yeah, this same. But we gonna lock Joe. We fuck with you. Alright. I, I'll talk to Joe. I mean well not Joe but Derek and and Rock and we got y'all word. We about to make this happen on Sunday and I mean I will if he can make it happen. No. Are You serious bro? Oh a lot. Because You know it's going If if we put it out there, It's out there. They're gonna see us tomorrow. Show, Show. I'm saying y'all know my crowd is don't watch this shit like that. So if we really pub this and I'm just saying A lot, I don't care what the crowd is the lot Pat first.


No, I'm talking about how many people is really about to be. Yeah. Yeah just let 'em in Uncle Joe and y'all at the bar gonna go stupid. Are we charging at the door or it's your birthday? Fuck it. If it's your birthday party we can bought food. They got, they buy they own food they body on. I, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, yeah I gotta a bill there for my shit. So I mean at all stars it probably work but Coach they love me to death. We, we'll figure it out. We'll have a promo flyer for y'all weekend today. This is gonna be here today. Alive about today. And then you got a mic. Be in, lock it in tonight. We'll have it done today. But then you gotta, you got a mic us though? Yeah, everybody gotta be micd. Everybody Be micd the whole time.


That Has to be edited before it goes Out. Listen y'all, y'all gonna be miked. Listen, look at Me. No, we live streaming. No, Everybody look at me. Y'all are gonna be micd the whole time. Look at me when I say that. But we're live streaming. That's gonna be y y'all up mine because I'm walking. It's gonna be livestream as have you heard that? Say cut my shit. I'm gonna take that bitch and put it in a to. Alright now, Now this Is my proof y'all. Now I do this party shit. Like I, I'm trying to tell him it is. It's gonna be a little different. We asked Mike, Mike with his anxiety. He don't come out. He's gonna have we gonna party. It's gonna be a thing. Not I know I'm not gonna have a good time.


He told me, oh Mike's, that's my camera. We we block off of area. Okay. You know we can't have the game in the background anyway because it be flag. So So we just shout to cops. Right. We just sit up in the V up here. Yeah, this is that big part. Yeah. Yeah. And we just, I just, You know that's a hundred thousand dollars. Get her off Of there. No, no, no. We just put that V here, right there. We live stream it. We watch up there. We had a party going and it's just a, it's just a vibe. Okay. Somebody was try to go viral. Y'all gonna have a tough job. I, I don't think y'all understand how lit we're in the city y'all. Nah, I don't know but I just, I know this is gonna be fun. Think Of which way we gonna be live with The game. If they could do streamer University, we could do streaming culture.


We'll, we'll okay we are s talk. I Love This for us. I got it. I got it. Good talk man. Before we get outta here we can't. Oh shit, we gotta have a limited amount of people come in because they can't be that hot. I can't be on earth. See like we, we got the first 10 or a, It's only 77, 7 people sitting there. No nigga the weather. I was like what? No, the weather. Okay, But that's an open gym in end seven People. So it'll be like about close to 70. It's gonna be hot bro. We gonna figure how many people Bring a fan. Come on. Literally. Alright, before we get outta here, Adam Silver Talk today it's talking about the next All-Star game is going to be World versus USA.


We are tired of the All Star game and they gimmicks. But how do y'all feel about this announcement? The, the world, nobody on the world ever plays hard. So yeah, USA will win for sure. Hopefully we can sit down and talk to him one day about that. But I, I Think you should go back to the og, OG way west, East Versus west. I want, I wanna pick his brain on why, You know he's smart and he helped turn the league up with the play in. Yeah. And all that shit. I fuck with that. I just wanted to see like where his vision at is really with it. But I wonder if they really sick of Allstar weekend. I know it is a a high revenue weekend. I know the product is down and people shitting on it but I wonder if they just sick of that. Like we just gotta do it. 'cause we gotta do it. I Don't want it to turn into the, with the NFL, the Pro Bowl.


Pro Bowl used to be living when we was kids bro. Now it's like you don't even think about it. Yeah, we, Yeah. Nobody watches the Pro Bowl. We had more fun than doing the mini games and do the actual game itself. Yeah. So I hope the NBA, the NBA can't turn into that job But I think what they doing is making it, it's gonna make it a little better this year. They're playing it earlier. Like All Star weekend is so long. It is like all the three point concerts, all that shit and then the All Star game you got away, You're like 8:00 PM right? Yeah. Like you kind of get whoa ah shit like three o'clock little kids can still be up watching it. Everybody like when I grew up I remember Jordan and them playing early. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I, it's kind of cool not not to be that late.


Yeah. Because Sunday it ain't really nothing. You just preparing for that. Yeah Bro. And restorative feeling The old jerseys, that was dope. That's one thing like even with the finals, shout out to the patients. They did a crazy promo. You can pull up and get a finals patch in your jersey if you got one from this year or last. And it is not like $25 some shit like that. That's like, that's real memorabilia. We used to love seeing players in they own jerseys in the game or even if it was an alternate, they had a dope theme. Like man we just got restorative feeling. Man. I think it's very possible. I know it's a lot of fans that's picky and media vice versa but man we gotta do something man. All Star weekend was a beloved time for people love basketball. Yeah. I don't know if the, the world versus the US is gonna be a good thing 'cause the world players don't play for real.


Like Yoic is gonna be an all star. He is never gonna play serious. Nah. Shay gives you Alexander not gonna play serious. Luca not gonna play serious Yogi's The better team though. Giannis Luca. Yo. They're not gonna play serious. Yeah. The teams will be fired but like you said, the effort ain't gonna be there. Yeah. They don't play serious at all. Like Mm. If you go watch them in the Allstar gangs, they all do trick shots or just you. What Do you Think? You think they would try to prove a point? Nah, like they're taking over the league maybe Literally they all MVPs and they all don't give a fuck. I don't, I don't got to Mm. Think about that. They all MVPs and they all don't even give a fuck about being MVP. That's Actually crazy. I agree. Like Luke is on his way. He probably eventually get a MVP.


Yeah. He don't give a fuck about that. Yos definitely don't. He didn't got a couple MVPs. So You said the US fans but it ain't be a good game. No. Joker didn't give a fuck about the chip. He said all right cool. I'm about to go play my horses. Alright my job don't give a damn about here. Yeah. I don't see that Shay not about to play hard enough. Fucking nah Because you and I Don't even think they got enough world people to like have a big enough roster. That was my next point. I was gonna say it is gonna be top heavy. Them first five I like Pascal will make it. Yeah. But then after that boy you gonna be having some straggler in there. Yeah. You gotta start like og OG a fuck around, be a all star just Jamal Murray.


Yeah. But like, but then you look at last year they had G League players in this so I guess it can't get no worse than that. In respect to them bro. They hoopers of course, but I ain't gonna lie was so been kind of Mid bro the last year. I ain't gonna lie. San Fran was mid. That was, it was mid Mid. That Was one of the worst. That was one of the worst. Yeah. That, that was a bad all. So man they gonna bounce back. I got Faith in the league man. If not Star game was like 2015. No that one was mid. I'll say 20. I love his immediate response. That was to what? Nah, that wasn't even, nah, because that, that weekend wasn't really, that wasn't pressure. It was, I say it was In New York.


The, the dunk contest was amazing. Was Toronto after that the last Kobe one? The, the, the 2015. I think the Oscar game was Aren war. Yeah. What's the last Kobe? It was 18. Yeah. What was the Kobe Kobe's last Allstar game? I don't remember. That was probably the last, it was like 18. Super living with what, what was the dunk contest in 2015? Because I think that's, I know Zach Levine was in it. Kobe's last Allstar game was 20,016. Yeah, this off all 16 Toronto. Okay. 16. That was Zach Levine Garcia Gordon 15. Nah I wasn't at that. I think that was 16 or 14. Zach Levine. Aren Gordon. Yeah. That was 16,016. Yeah. That was crazy Elite.


That was one of the ones, man, that game was pretty good too. That's, That's probably, that's probably the best Allstar. That's when he went over the mascot under the, That's the best Allstar weekend. One of the best dunk unconscious allall. The last, that's the last go Allstar weekend for sure man. Alright man we gotta, we gotta set back in NBA. Do what y'all gotta do man. Make Allstar weekend great again. For sure. All right man. We appreciate y'all. Before we get outta here, be here and tell the people they can grab some merch. Shop club five twenty.com Baby. Come On. You know the vibe.


Shout to Boost Mobile. We appreciate y'all $25 unlimited nationwide. First Three months, $15 Tall two five man. You know you got that 15 and you got that 25 for show Nationwide. Oh that mean when we have our field day it is actually only gonna be $15 for us. Mm. Yeah. Technically and I wasn't gonna tell them that but Right. That's When we have our field day max pack pull up. We got the 15 for you but the rest of the month Good luck. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna start you off but the rest is on you game. You sign up. We got you And you got, might have to bring your own phone And B Not Mike nigga, you definitely have to bring your own. And Mike is such a play up right there. You know it was M Polo I, I put the sim chip in myself. Michael Be to stand. Yep. With the orange Polo with the iPad for Sure. The Boost Mobile iPad or IPad. We'll your hat on Boost Mobile iPad signing contracts For sure. 360 deals. Three five print. We appreciate y'all. We'll be back next time. Love five 20.


The volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush s sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mix enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself.


This is an iHeart podcast.